  who is angela merkel !, 
  because they are different countries with different laws that each want to retain their sovereignty and independence ? 
  imagine there 's a british show like utopia or smthg . 
  canadian networks might want to broadcast it in canada while the american networks are n't interested . 
  therefore the rights are sold to netflix in the us and to a network in canada . 
  if it worked like you suggest then this would n't be possible . 
  also it benefits netflix this way , because they can offer content in canada that they could n't in the us and vice versa . 
  why do you teach american english ? 
  everyone in europe seems to be learning british english . 
  although to be honest nobody really cares which type you use here . 
  the pronunciation not the spelling though . 
  righto !, 
  lol no . 
  that one is so stupid . 
  who cares . 
  `` guess '' is a perfect good british word ( very woody ) and that construction is old as time . 
  i bet you drive a range rover , shop at waitrose and are known for your insufferable haughtiness . 
  seems like stupid prejudice to me . 
  often it 's people who do n't speak english well enough to really understand the difference between different types of english who perpetuate it imo . 
  for example , a parent at a school has spoken b1 english for a long time and has never taken the time to really push their english any further , they want their kids to speak better english than they can so they 'll have the greatest economic opportunity in life . 
  therefore they strongly insist that their child has american tutors and learns american english because they want their kid to be the kind of fancy chinese business person who regularly travels to america for work . 
  they exaggerate the differences between the two forms of the language , often because their own limited english ability means they struggle with any pronunciation or phrasing they 're not accustomed to . 
  also , the same prejudice can occur learners , for example , someone learned b2 english by watching friends in the 90s , they 've never taken an interest in british media . 
  one day they watch mary poppins and have a hard time following the language , therefore they assume the difference between the two types of english is far greater than it really is based of an incredibly limited experience with british english . 
  whenever a student approaches me under c1 and tells me they want to learn `` american english '' i always give them a bit of a talking to . 
  they always seem to think british english to american english is equivalent to the difference between hochdeutsch and schweizerdeutsch , when it 's nothing of the sort . 
  i have to explain to them over and over that the linguistic variation between genam and rp is smaller than the variation they 'll encounter within either country . 
  if you think learning solely rp will make genam hard to understand , wait until you encounter a geordie , likewise if you learn solely genam wait until you meet someone from the southern us . 
  i tell them again and again that genam and rp are +95 % mutually intelligible and that struggling with pronunciation variations is just part of being a language learner . 
  i mean take the word `` lure '' , there 's about 8 different ways to pronounce this four letter word , rhotic or non-rhotic ? 
  drop the yod or not ? 
  to diphthongise or not to diphthongise ? 
  and virtually all of these pronunciations exist in both british and american english depending on region , it has nothing to do with british or american english . 
  nonetheless this is a prejudice i 've encountered , with a b1 student even once telling me there was no such think as yods in american english . 
  to this day , i still think that woman goes around using her compooter at work and when she goes to mass she kneels down on a poo . 
  honest , i do n't think it even matters what kind of english students learn so long as it 's taught by a native speaker . 
  in my experience , students are keen to ask whether they have an `` american '' or a `` british '' accent , when in fact until they 're c1 at the earliest they simply sound like someone speaking english with their native accent and not remotely like either . 
  you have reasonably strong italian accent , however it 's very understandable and very pleasant to listen to . 
  be careful though , novelist is pronounced with a short - o sound not a long one , when you say it it almost sounds like the vowel in the word `` no '' when it should be the one from the word `` pot '' . 
  i ca n't tell if this is a feature of your accent or just a slight error with that one word . 
  so my version is comparable to :, 
  your friends are gone and now the barkeeper also wants to throw * you * out . 
  ( or even clearer ) your friends are gone and now the barkeeper wants to throw you out as well . 
  i.e the barkeep has already chucked your mates out and now wants to do it to you as well, 
  while the other is more like . 
  your friends are gone and also the barkeeper now wants to throw you out . 
  i.e your friends left voluntarily a while ago , and in addition to this , the barkeeper wants to chuck you out . 
  that is very helpful , but it does n't explain why the meaning is slightly different in each : / in the english it 's easy to see when we want the `` also '' to apply to the whole clause we can put it at the beginning , whilst if we want want to apply only to the object then we can put it between the subject and verb or at the end . 
  however i ca n't really see what 's going on in the german : / the adverbials are before the subject , but they are after the object and the object remains after the initial verb . 
  what a nightmare !, 
  america , the place where you can be a neo-nazi who wants to ethnically cleanse all black people and nobody can infringe your freedom of speech , but where people shit themselves if a white person darkens their face regardless of context . 
  lol thanks xd what makes it sound queer haha ? 
  i have no trouble pronouncing - ch , soft or hard , but it does tend to get swallowed if speak casually and sound like `` ik '' so it 's something to watch out for . 
  can you tell where i 'm from by hearing it ? 
   pronouns before nouns, 
  can you elaborate on this a bit more ? 
  i was taught to say `` jetzt kann der barkeeper dich rauschmeissen '' not `` jetzt kann dich der barkeeper rauschmeissen '' , is it normal for pronouns to precede nouns in the midfield ? 
  even when it puts the object first ? 
  if so that would partially answer my question at least . 
  it 's not a rule i 've ever been taught : /, 
  anyone else get the feeling that jon snow was having some fun with this one ? 
  private servers do n't have it cos they all run on later patches . 
  i 'm pretty sure it was n't fixed until bc , i know it does n't work on vanilla private servers but i thought that was because the base was modelled on bc . 
  oh right . 
  yeah see i what you mean . 
  when i speak i naturally order the pronoun before the noun when it 's a toss up between the dative and accusative i 'll automatically put the pronoun first `` schenk es mir '' vs `` schenk mir das buch '' . 
  however i 'll never let that affect the subject : / in fact i find putting the subject anywhere but the first ( noun at least ) , rather confusing when it occurs in a two verb sentence . 
  with single verb sentences ( ovs ) it 's not that bad because it 's kinda analogous to the english osv constructions `` das tut er '' = `` that he does '' . 
  i get what you 're saying , but why do n't we have :, 
  why are we going to such great lengths to keep the barkeeper in but the object outside when it breaks the subject before object rule : /, 
  i 'd guess that you were a german speaker , but you might be from scandanevia somewhere . 
  you 're accent is n't that strong but still obviously noticeable . 
  some words were mispronounced . 
  for example , awash should be pronounced exactly like `` a wash '' , however you used the typical - a vowel . 
  `` six-hour day '' sounds like `` six-ow '' day the first time you say it . 
  also you need to decide whether to use the broad - a ( typically british ) or not ( typically american , although it 's actually a lot more complicated ) . 
  for example , when you say `` staff '' it sounds like `` stuff '' , you need to either go with the broad - a here `` stahff '' or the vowel you 'd use in a world like `` cat '' , either way it needs to be a lot more open . 
  furthermore your stress pattern is wrong for some words , for example , `` economist '' , it should be `` ec-con-num-ist '' , but you stress the third syllable so it sounds like `` ec-cun-nom-ist '' . 
  also when you say `` it 's more likely a sign that swedes are already '' it sounded to me like you said `` it 's more likely a sign that swiss are already '' . 
  hope this helps . 
  edit : also you pronounced centre as it 's spelled , it should be pronounced the same regardless of whether it 's written center or centre . 
  i see . 
  i do realise it 's not a hard rule and that syntax is flexible in german , but there 's not point diverging from a cardinal sentence without good reason . 
  i think i see what you mean though . 
  dich has been deliberately removed from the scope of `` auch noch '' to avoid confusion . 
  if you leave it in it sounds too much like `` your friends are gone and now the barkeeper also even wants to throw * you * out '' ( suggesting some people had already been thrown out ) , rather than `` your friends are gone and also the barkeeper now even wants to throw you out '' , although that does n't really capture it entirely : / quite hard to translate to be fair . 
  the bowler hat fixes everything . 
  except california is relevant . 
  scotland with it 's grand total of 5 million people is n't . 
  it would be if the germans had their way lol o_o, 
  two pimp chimp ... wait what ? 
  i do n't think you 're getting what i 'm saying at all , and you 're giving me absolutely no credit whatsoever . 
  i 'm perfectly acquainted with cases , i 've studied up to b2 and i 've even studied a bit of linguistics . 
  you seem to be thinking that i 'm saying that the language * should * conform to what i 'm used in english . 
  no , i 'm asking why is this different i.e what is the nuance this construction is expressing and how does it function . 
  you 're beating into me a point that i 'm well acquainted with , i 'm not saying grammar rules are law , you seemed to be really hung up on the fact i used the word rule , rules can have exceptions you know . 
  i 'm well acquainted with theories about linguistic descriptivism and so forth . 
  however that a moot point since i 'm pretty sure this construction can be entirely subsumed under `` standard '' german grammar . 
  ~ ~ cardinal ~ ~ canonical sentence is a term some linguists use to describe the standard syntactical constructions in a language . 
   there is a sort of default word order that is used when everything is completely neutral,
