  i 'd prefer to write `` he was supposed to be his friend , if not his best friend or even his brother '', 
  my advice is to stick to the logic `` he is at least x , even if he is n't y , which he may or may not be '' = `` he 's at least x , if not y '' . 
  be careful though , at sentence like `` he is at least x , even if he is n't y '' has a slightly differently meaning in english , as it seems to more strongly imply that he is n't y. 
  `` if not '' is preferred in those situations where the author does n't know or things it 's a matter of opinion whether the subject is y or not . 
  the ft is generally no harder to read than the guardian or telegraph these days . 
  the only part that scares most people are the listing of stocks and share prices , currency fluctuations etc. 
  the actual written articles have steadily become very good and are written at a level that any decently literate person can easily digest without having to have background in economics or finance . 
  what 's silly though is that if britain had decided to stay it would have inevitably ended up the most important city in the eu by far . 
  it would have essentially been the business and finance capital for an area with over 500 million people . 
  while brexit wo n't stop london being a global leader in finance and an important world city , whatever it will be outside the eu is still going to be less important than what it would 've been inside it . 
  it 's absurd to think it wo n't last . 
  the eu is vastly more resilient than britain , and economically larger . 
  it 's possible that some other country might leave , of course , but if anything i think that will just leave a smaller stronger eu more focussed on germany and central europe . 
  except the british people were n't getting fucked , they were getting tenderly caressed . 
  now the british people voted for brexit they 've basically voted for that to end and for the unlubed 9 inch strap on to come out and give them a real hard rogering, 
  the eu was never fucking the british working class , it was the only thing keeping them away from a erect tory penis ready to shaft them into oblivion . 
  except it wo n't be dead it 'll just be different . 
  even if the eu just ends up being central europe and germany it 'll still go on and imo eventually do better than the uk in most metrics . 
  sure , but it would 've been more important in the eu than it will be now , that 's just inevitable sadly . 
  [ for the unaware ] ( https://youtu.be/hnkhouxzvui?t=169 ), 
  while i think most people understand that the empire was morally unjustifiable and exploitative , i think people are proud of the fact that britain had just a great impact on the world . 
  you have to remember that morality was different back then , and if it had n't be britain running around conquering the world with superior technology and social organisation then it no doubt would 've been some other european power . 
  i mean we do n't go around morally judging the romans for their empire despite the fact it was morally abhorrent . 
  life was morally abhorrent back then , and the italians are certainly proud of their roman legacy . 
  while the british empire was comparatively much more recent , it still feels like a long time ago to most britons these days , and consequently some britons take on a similar mentality . 
  printworks is the opposite of hipster . 
  it 's like the most mainstream lads on the town post work drinking place in the world . 
  possibility the highest density bald heads , white shirts , black trousers , and black leather shoes in the world . 
  what 's funny is that people go crazy for bananas when they 're in short supply , but i have lived my life so far with plentiful cheap bananas and ca n't have eaten one in years . 
  i mean it 's not like i even dislike bananas , they 're a perfect adequate fruit with a decent enough taste , i do n't get what makes them worth queuing for ? 
  just eat a fucking pear instead and save yourself a few hours discomfort in a queue . 
  that 's just a british queue enthusiast on holiday . 
  he came just for the queue . 
  yes i get it , i just mean , is the native fruit really so bad ? 
  i know in east germany for example bananas were highly sought after , but does it really taste that much better than an apple/pear/raspberry , etc ? 
  asides from the novelty and the status of having one , what 's motivating people to queue up for that shit , resale value i guess . 
  worst place ever imo . 
  most people fork out for a stag do somewhere a bit more exciting these days given how cheap the budget airline flights are . 
  prague , amsterdam , dublin are all very popular destinations for british stag/hen parties and can be reached for like 50 quid . 
  thus the only people left going to british towns for their parties are generally doing it either because they would actually prefer to do it in england ( and seriously what kind of person prefers that except some very small minded types who do n't feel comfortable abroad ) or because their friend circle is too broke to shell out for flights abroad but is happy to go somewhere that can be reached by car/train . 
  of the place in the uk where stag parties go , honestly you can do better than blackpool still . 
  there are places like newquay and salcombe , which , while often similarly naff as blackpool , are still better and more interesting than blackpool . 
  problem is that these places are in the south of england on the coast and are expensive to reach from the north . 
  thus what you 've got here are just the most broke and most provincial working class northerners flocking there act uninhibited and spend an entire weekend off their faces . 
  it should be consolation for any spaniards reading this , britons behave this way in their own country when given an excuse to , it 's not just in spain . 
  no legal precedent to do this . 
  voting anonymity is an integral part of our democracy . 
  there 's plenty of time to be honest . 
  i 've thought about self driving cars a lot and i think there will be a big gap between the point at which self driving systems are introduced on the condition that there must always be a `` driver '' at the front ready to take control , and the point we start to trust self driving vehicles on the roads without anyone at the steering wheel . 
  i imagine from a legal and insurance perspective it will take decades before they 're willing to accept `` unpiloted '' vehicles on the roads . 
  i certainly expect to to see many `` semi-self driving '' vehicles in the next 10-20 years . 
  i mean you already have automated driving assistance systems like that in some high end cars . 
  auto cruise systems that can follow a lane of traffic . 
  i think we 'll see more and more of this `` assisted '' driving , so in 2026 our very notion of what `` driving '' is will have changed , as all newer cars will have automated driving features capable of piloting the vehicle . 
  at some point after this it will go from `` a person drives the car , but has a number of automated tools to help them , that should only be deployed situationally '' to `` automated tools do most of the driving and i just take over for trickier parts like parking and overtaking '' . 
  the change to self driving cars will creep up on us rather than be a sudden change . 
  once we reach this stage the mentality will surely be `` self-driving cars are great but a qualified human being should always be at the helm ready to take over if things go wrong '' , but this will change to `` self-driving cars are statistically far safer than humans and 99 % of accidents are caused by human error '' . 
  eventually , i expect to see human driving on public roads become frowned upon , and then inevitably be made illegal . 
  this is practically a necessity , because once all cars become self driving we can go about redesigning the road system far more efficiently to allow for heavier traffic flow and faster journey times . 
  with a completely automated system travelling across london by car could be done in a matter of minutes rather than taking an hour . 
  many beautiful solutions can be implemented with a fully automated system that would n't be possible with human drivers on the road . 
  for example , rather than let traffic get backed up , a system like that can simply slow traffic 10 miles away that is headed for that junction , meaning traffic jams will be a thing of the past . 
  also computer controlled merging will allow for smooth access to extremely busy junctions . 
  once we reach this stage i think we 'll see vehicles very differently . 
  the advantages of owning your own car might disappear completely . 
  why bother when you could pay a company a monthly fee for access for your whole family to a fleet of thousands of such vehicles that are constantly zipping around the nation , and never have to worry about cleaning , maintenance , risk of damage . 
  not to mention fuel costs ( or more likely electricity costs ) , and of course the need to park your vehicle ( imagine how much space we 'd free up if car parks were a thing of the past ) . 
  `` pay as you go '' is clearly a much more efficient system , and as cars become increasingly complex with electric engines and sophisticated computer navigation systems , the idea that a private individual is able to maintain and operate a self driving vehicle might become a thing of the past . 
  once we overcome to the necessity for a human pilot overseeing the vehicle everyone will essentially be able to drive , children , people disabilities that currently make them unable to drive , even drunk people . 
  the roads may well be dominated by a thousand automated uber type services , and having a dedicated vehicle will become a strange thing that only politicians and other important people need bother with ( for security reasons ) . 
  edit : anyway , the point is that we 're still a long way off from hgv drivers becoming obsolete , i think it will take many decades until it will become legal for a truck to be put on the road with nobody inside it . 
  i know they have many important european regional employees in munich , i know someone there and think they 're being relocated to the uk . 
  yeah , he 's a professional smug wanker , but in this particular case he 's not wrong . 
  i remember him seeing talking about wittgenstein on the tv and he clearly did n't have the first clue what he was on about . 
  the eu is n't some social utopia , but it 's better than the british government that 's for sure . 
  integration is a complex process . 
  indians are some of the best integrated immigrants in the uk , but that 's because they arrived in the 60s and 70s when there were n't many immigrants around . 
  they were also brought up to perceive britain in a certain way given the empire . 
  that does n't mean they liked the british empire , it 's merely that had to respect it and see britain as a seat of power and civilisation . 
  also the ones that were really anti british obviously did n't come . 
  many more recent immigrants have n't integrated as well because there is now an wide immigrant community in britain that can support them . 
  it 's much easier not to integrate when you can live and work entirely in an immigrant community . 
  america is much more aggressive with its culture . 
  probably feeling more justified in being so because of the argument that all the families of us citizens asides native americans were immigrants once . 
  at some point your family came to the us and were n't american , and now you are , so the same rules should apply to those arriving now . 
  in europe we ca n't make that argument and therefore are much more reluctant to tell people to adopt our culture . 
  i think you might be retarded . 
  this is more complete bullshit . 
  the expectation america is to synthesise your culture with american culture and become american . 
  you have people going around talking about persian-americans , indian-americans etc. 
  this is not an expectation that exists in most european countries , you 're clearly fully delusional if you think immigrants are expected the abandon their culture in europe . 
  could n't be further from the truth , you clearly do n't remotely understand the difference in mentality between the old world and the new . 
  he 's not correct in the slightest , he 's just a moron . 
  1 ) cultures do n't only come into being when a nation is founded . 
  german culture is much older than the bundesrepublik deutschland for example . 
  2 ) nothing i said actually requires any historical truth behind it , it was a statement about the mentality in those countries . 
  americans with their belief that america is a melting pot ( regardless of the historical accuracy of that belief ) are more at ease with the expectation that immigrants become american . 
  europeans with their belief that their cultures grew from the native populations of these lands , combined their legacy of imperialism and the perceived advantages europe had over the rest of the world historically , are less at ease with that expectation ( again regardless of the historical accuracy of that belief ) . 
  there is a clear difference . 
  first of `` a chair is in the room '' uses the definite article , so immediately provokes the question `` which room ? '' .
