  what an annoying video ? 
   t-glottalisation occurs across the whole country to varying extents and likewise l-vocalisation across the whole south and up into parts of the midlands, 
  i disagree , the idea that the whole country is t dropping and l vocalising is just something the the ee lot push frankly , those features are something that may have spread to some regional dialects that did n't traditionally have them , but rp speakers are far more traditional outside the immediate london linguistic sphere . 
  i do n't think she 's shaped her accent for the us at all , all i notice is she speaks slowly , but that could be a product of media training or nerves . 
  if you 'd dropped your - ts frequently and vocalised your - l around where i 'd grown up you 'd have stuck out a lot . 
  i grew up around northampton , oxford , warwickshire , and virtually everyone who did n't speak with the regional dialect spoke almost exactly like she does , she 's not a unicorn because she does n't have those features , there are plenty of significant communities of speakers that do n't have them . 
  if if you want to hear the american influence in her accent , you can hear her flapping her - ts on some words though . 
  to be fair , asking which airport is nicest is a bit like asking whose shit smells best , even the winner still smells like shit . 
  frankfurt airport is hardly where i 'd spend my free time but imo beats hell out of most the london airports or the major us international hubs . 
  there 's no evidence that t-glottalisation has spread particularly , it 's also been a feature of certain dialects forever ( london , lancashire , yorkshire ) . 
  well 's suggested it would , and that brought him under criticism from linguistics like petyt , who pointed out there 's no evidence for this . 
  there 's definitely been some documented evidence of regional dialects like say manc being affected by lme , and in so adopting some traditional london features , creating something like mme , but there 's simply no evidence to suggest that the majority of dialects outside the london sphere are being `` estuarised '' so to speak . 
  personally i think you impression that these features are universal is just a product of selection bias , if you took a lot of samples form the se then you might get that impression , since t-glottalisation has been shown to be on the rise there . 
  even prince harry has be noted for his t-glottals , but if you listen he speech is very london influenced . 
  you also need to differentiate between the degree of t-glottalisation , and differentiate between the very occasional glottal , which might just be a product of fast speech , and regular glottalisation that would be indicative of a genuine change in pronunciation . 
  what you 're saying was a popular a theory for a bit , but one that has come under flak in recent times a great deal . 
  personally , i think you could n't be more wrong , it 's a nice theory but it does n't hold up . 
  from my experience all i can say is that if someone started speaking ee around my peer when i lived in england people would probably have picked up on it and asked if they were from london . 
  [ i practically wrote an essay that touched on this a while back ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/4964on/class_dialects_vs_regional_dialects/d0pnycs ), 
  well my point was that imo glottalised t is n't a part of these rp changes , it 's a change that 's limited to ee , a dialect that i believe is only becoming popular in the se . 
  in my experience it is n't common for people on the rp spectrum to glottalise - t , even young people , outside of the se area . 
  in fact i think the farther you go from london the more conservative the rp speakers become , but it also becomes less common . 
  i was n't referring to petyt 's work on yorkshire dialects but rather his paper responding to wells , a paper called accents of english . 
  but we are getting sidetracked by the ee hypothesis which is only indirectly relevant . 
   it also seems odd to say that a very occasional glottal is just a product of fast speech . 
  if there is no t-glottalising tendency in the accent , it wo n't glottalise a t regardless of speed . 
  that is simply not true . 
  fast speech often leads to substitions and creates elisions , it 's perfectly possible that glottal - t could be a suitable substitution , in the same way that final - g dropping often happens when people speak quickly or lazily , but is n't indicative of a dialect that features - g dropping as standard . 
  to put it simply , i simply think your assertion that t-glottalisation and l-vocalisation are universal in the uk is wrong , and that it does n't match my experience working around large numbers of rp speakers in the midlands and northern home counties . 
  my assertion would be that historic t and dark l are alive and well amongst middle class folk who are outside the london linguistic sphere . 
  what i 'm saying does n't require that these features not be on the rise , merely that there be sizeable pockets of speakers for whom this is simply not the case . 
  all i can add is my experience , which is that glottal - t and vocalised - l was very uncommon amongst speakers in my very middle class upbringing in the 90s and 00s in those parts of the country . 
   increased t-glottalisation is certainly not limited to estuary english, 
  i never said it was , in fact it 's been part of many northern dialects for ages , as i already pointed out , and scottish dialects too . 
  however it 's recent spread amongst people who would in different generations have been rp speakers is primarily to do with the rise of ee in the london linguistic sphere imo . 
  as i said , glot-t and voc-l do n't need to not be on the rise from what i 'm saying to be true . 
  something can be on the rise but not be universal or even heading towards universality . 
   i think perhaps your experience is biased towards unusually posh , older speakers . 
  absolutely not . 
  i 'm talking about my peer group who will be in their mid 20s now , in minor public and grammar schools and rugby clubs and stuff around these areas . 
  these people were as middle class and suburbanite as they come . 
  i 'd contend that it 's your experience that 's too much based around london rp and ee speakers , which is natural given se hosts the greatest number of speakers of these dialects . 
   why would such a person glottalise their t 's instead of flapping them , leniting them , omitting them or any number of possibile changes ? 
  maybe becuase people substitute for a phoneme they know will still be interpreted as - t , glottal - t is universally understood , although i 've heard plenty of people omit them too . 
  dialects do not change the fact that not all phonemes are made equal , and some are physically more difficult to produce in faster speech . 
  i doubt they 'd flap them because that would sound american , which is obvious taboo . 
  however , i think exactly the same mechanics are at play with what i 'm talking about . 
  people in the uk tend to dislike flapped - t for sounding `` too american '' , people where i lived probably disliked glottal - t and vocalised - l for sounding `` too london '' . 
  anyway , whether people do or do not have a tendency to glottalise in fast speech is a separate point . 
  think about it , younger speakers who come from an rp linguistic background ( parents and their friends all speak rp ) may adopt working class speak features into their speech to fit in better and sound less aggressively posh . 
  however , if you 're from an area where historically - t 's are not glottalised and - l 's are not vocalised in working class speech , how would this help ? 
  all you 'd do in a midlands areas where these features are not common by incorporating these features is make yourself sound like an outsider . 
  again , i 'm talking from experience here . 
  kids who spoke rp or something like it around me growing up did not common vocalise l or glottalise t , if you did it stuck out like a sore thumb , we were all teenagers , and virtually all of us came from middle class middle income families who certainly were n't upper class . 
  now if these kids wanted to tone down their accents in the pub , they 'd probably do something like avoid broad - a or at least push it forward , since these were features people used around us . 
  if you started talking about `` bot ` les '' and `` piows '' instead of `` bottles '' and `` pills '' you were liable to be mocked as an outsider . 
  depends what you mean by posh . 
  none of these people were really posh , and i 'm using public school synonymously with private school , in fact any school that is n't a state school , not just referring to members of the headmaster 's conference or even more stringently as people are liable to do . 
  also many people with in state education , but there were all plainly middle class for the most . 
  if they were n't they 'd speak with the local accents and not with estuarised accent ( although northampton might be an exception to this since the local dialect does sound very london influenced ), 
  anyway , i am still certain that glot-t and voc-l are much rarer where i was growing up , and i can not agree they are universal . 
  i 've been looking at some midlands accents on youtube and generally found them to be mixed . 
  for example [ this accent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xapfichqhj0 ) , which is n't really strictly rp but is certainly going that way . 
  things to note are :, 
  - only partial glottalisation , almost never in the absolute final position , commonly aspirated , if not probably elided rather than glottalised . 
  - occasional glottalisation in syllable final position before a vowel , but only rarely e.g `` bottom '' and `` pretty '' , but not in `` data '' or `` better '' or `` water '' . 
  - complete ( or almost complete if i missed something ) absence of vocalised dark - l. 
  however , you ca n't say it 's that posh because there 's regional stuff like :, 
  - occasional absence of broad - a e.g answers, 
  - put-putt merger e.g bug , pumps , sun, 
  - final unstressed / \u0259 / realised as [ a ] on occasion . 
  e.g sun shower, 
  - generally quite a few west midlands vowels and diphthongs sneaking in there . 
  i think you should ask yourself , if someone who is young and who is n't fully rp , but more of an rp / regional hybrid from the midlands has so many hard aspirated - t 's and only very partial glottalisation , and virtually a complete absence of voc-l , what would someone who was even closer to the rp end sound like . 
   i 'd take the words she 's enunciating deliberately with a pinch of salt . 
  she 's also definitely poshing up at the start of that video and then slipping towards the end !, 
  `` bu ' i do n't know ! '', 
  `` le ' me know about your li'l e accents '' `` i enjoyed tha ' ! '' . 
  i really do n't think that at all . 
  even if we discount the words in the list that she pronounces for the video and just look at the fluent speech she 's mostly using hard aspirated - t 's throughout . 
  it sounds to me as if you 're looking for evidence to support your opinion . 
  also many of the missing - t 's are elided and not glottalised , i could probably count the instances of genuine glottals on my fingers , mostly notably `` bottom '' `` little '' and `` pretty '' . 
   lso note that some local northern and midlands accents will glottalise final ts less frequently than rp . 
  for example i would say [ f\u028at ] for ` foot ' , and most modern rp speakers would say [ f\u028a\u0294 ] . 
  in the context of my accent [ t ] does n't sound posher there , it sounds more old-fashioned , perhaps less urbane . 
  i agree that glottals are less frequent in the north and midlands . 
  however when you say stuff like `` most modern rp speakers would say [ f\u028a\u0294 ] '' i think you must be smoking crack . 
  maybe if you said `` most rp speakers in the se under the age of 25 '' you might have a point , and most of these i 'd categorise as ee speakers , but , seriously , do you not hear rp speakers very often ? 
  because glottalisation , especially word final glottalisation as in [ f\u028a\u0294 ] is nothing like as common as you seem to be imagining imo . 
   she 's clearly articulating / t / as [ \u0294 ] , if it were elision then ` little ' would sound like ` lil ' , and `` but i '' would be a strange triphthong . 
  yeah , in word 's like `` little '' , i was saying that 's an example of one she does glottal . 
  but many words like `` do n't '' are occasionally elided . 
  my point is though even if we ignore the deliberately announced words , simple words like `` it '' `` wo n't '' `` would n't '' `` remote '' `` advertisement '' `` setting '' , all have hard aspirated - t 's , you can hear the little aspirations coming through the mic . 
  anyway we long lost sight of the original point which was the celebrity in the video , which actually when i listen know she does n't seem to have any aspiration after word final - t . she also flaps her intervocalic - ts which is dead american . 
  anyway , just as a final thought , it 's my opinion that amongst my peers , and i 'm still on the right side of 30 although not by much , aspirated historic - t was common during our youth , and glottalisation ranged from minimal ( perhaps occurring in specific words ) to nothing at all , with word final glottalisation being very rare . 
  this probably changed when i got to uni and there were far more people from around london and the se . 
  you might say that i must 've been dead posh but frankly we were n't , we were just outside , or only on the very edge of , the london linguistic sphere , you only had to travel 30 miles to start hearing the london influence in places like milton keynes or wherever . 
  imho you 're overestimating the frequency of t-glottalisation and l-vocalisation amongst young rp ( ish ) speakers outside the london influenced area . 
  to me it 's still more a regional thing than a generational thing . 
  damn they 've done their market research there , you 've got all the core food groups , like iron bru , ribena , yorkshire tea , branston pickle .
