  my only positive hope for brexit is that is might deliver such a shock that it 's going smash the old assumptions about british politics to pieces when the british public realise they 're going to have to pull their fingers out to fix our economy . 
  at very least this younger generation of over-educated 20 somethings might get a shot at building a new british economy for the 21st century and innovate a new way of politics that leaves the class struggle defined nonsense of the 20th century behind . 
  i suspect a strong return to the centre in the 2020s , ideas about `` too many immigrants '' and `` european superstates '' are going to look quaint as fuck once the reality that britain 's place as a halfway decent global economy is at stake sinks in . 
  it 's obviously rhetoric . 
  nobody with a remote understanding of context would understand what i said to mean that i believe that absolutely every nationalist who ever existed has been left wing . 
  words mean what people understand them to mean , not what an abstract set of rules decide they should mean . 
  the only incorrect thing is here is your ability to interpret context . 
  i see a lot of posts of late reading into currency fluctuation ever since the brexit pound crash and it 's kinda silly . 
  the currency market should n't be read into too much . 
  sometimes you have good news and the price goes up , sometimes you 'll have bad news and the price will go up too . 
  sometimes something big will happen and there will only be a minor effect , sometimes something small will happen and there will be a big effect . 
  if there were some simple causal relationship here then everyone would be a millionaire from trading currencies . 
  reading into it too much is actually kinda dangerous . 
  people are using these fluctuations to try to implicitly back up political arguments . 
  a rise in value of the euro after the first round of french elections does n't actually mean anything positive , it does n't mean anything at all in fact other than the aggregate calculation of a million different currency trading strategies and algorithms have decided that the trend , on some scale or the other , is more likely to be upwards rather than downwards than before and thus more euros are being bought than sold compared to prior to the shift . 
  that 's not how currency trading works . 
  there is no simple or direct correlation between currency changes and real world economic conditions . 
  when you buy or sell currency you are essentially betting on what other people will bet , and the market moves are simply the aggregate of all those bets being made . 
  if people are buying the euro , it 's simply because they believe that other people are going to buy the euro too . 
  if you stop thinking here though , it seems so simple . 
  lots of currency traders believe the market will be good if marcon wins , thus when he gets to the 2nd round , and the currency goes up in value , it must be because lots of clever economics type folk think that 's going to somehow be a good thing for the economy . 
  however , there 's a fatal law in this logic which makes it quite dangerous . 
  firstly you have to current that currency traders do not give a fuck about the real world economy , they only care about making money from trading currencies , so all they really think is : if marcon gets through the 2nd round of the election then comparatively more people will buy euros , thus i will buy euros so i profit from their buying euros , yet this says nothing about why people are or are n't buying euros , merely that it 's happening . 
  this then gets more complicated because : if it 's a fact that people will buy euros if marcon get to the 2nd round of the election , and everyone knows this fact ( let 's assume it 's objectively true ) , then everyone should just sit at their computer waiting for the results to come in , and when they do come in , and let 's say the result is that he does get through , then everyone should just click the buy button and the price will go up and everyone will make money . 
  sadly that 's not how it works , otherwise everyone could just trade the news and make themselves rich trading on margin . 
  what you 're actually betting on is whether the euro is overpriced or underpriced at the moment , but you have no idea what the market `` is thinking '' for lack of a better term . 
  the market may have already accounted for marcon 's win in its value , and thus if he does win the euro wo n't be undervalued , and consequently it wo n't rise much . 
  alternatively , it might have accounted for marcon going out , and thus if he does it wo n't go down much . 
  you have zero access to the logic or rationale of millions of individual decision makers who make up `` the market '' . 
  you do n't know what they believe . 
  what they believe in this context has very little to do with whether they believe marcon will be good for the french economy . 
  it 's not even as simple of whether they believe he will or wo n't get through . 
  much rather it 's to do with what the probability of his getting through is , what they think market actors will do in response to each situation , and then whether they believe their analysis is superior to the information that other market actors have available to them , or whether it 's the same . 
  it 's improbable events that cause big currency shifts , not positive or negative ones . 
  and what you 're betting is that your analysis of the market and subsequent prediction is superior to that of the majority of market actors relative so the amount of money they 're playing with . 
  then you have to further account for the fact that there are banks with absurd amounts of money to play with that are n't just predicting the market but also trying to influence as well . 
  they are n't just looking at what the market does but also look at what they 're doing to the market . 
  they 're all trying to create trends to ride or give false signals so they can `` beat '' the market by betting on a shift that no one else saw coming . 
  every single market actor has his own understanding , his own reasons , and very few of them actually give a toss about the overall health of the french economy . 
  literally all they care about is about predicting a shift that the majority ca n't see , predictable shifts are worthless because they 're already being accounted for . 
  i 'm not saying that things like trade stability do n't impact currency values , of course they do , merely that the relationship between them is too complex to derive real `` meaning '' or `` significance '' from them . 
  the market reacts to the market , and it 's about finding the imbalance between what everyone else believes it will do and what it actually will do . 
  had the information around the election been different , and `` information '' here incorporates everything from polls , to news stories , to gut feelings on public sentiment , and had their been a greater degree of difference between what different market actors believe , then the currency market would 've reacted differently . 
  it could have easily dropped despite the fact that most economists believe the economy will be better under marcon just because it had transpired that the euro was overvalued . 
  when something big like the pounds drop after brexit happens then yes it 's newsworthy and obviously there is a relationship between the political news and the currency value , however you ca n't read similar meaning into every little shift that occurs afters a political event , it 's really just indicative of how correct people were when predicting the probability of an event and its consequences , and says next to nothing about the event itself . 
  if too many people had been betting that macron would get through prior to this event then it might 've dropped after it happened as it transpired it was overvalued , it means nothing . 
  economics is n't `` simple '' , it 's vastly complex , and temptation to read significance into things where is none is something that traders have to fight every day of their waking lives in order to actually correctly predict the market more than 50 % of the time . 
  edit : i invite the people downvoting to actually try out trading currencies , given how sure they are of the relationship between political events , their economic ramifications , and their impact of the fx market . 
  it 's actually remarkably easy and most brokers offer free practice accounts that with which you can trade pretend money . 
  read what i said mate . 
  the immediate market behaviour after a news event has nothing to do with whether it 's good or bad for the economy . 
   you are putting the horse behind the cart . 
  in terms of mass , think of the euro as a continent and the pound as a ship . 
  it 's not the land that is moving , it 's the ship . 
  it 's the pound that is fluctuating , not the euro . 
  mate there 's absolutely no difference between the euro gaining value relative to the pound and the pound losing value relative to the euro . 
  the relationship is entirely relative and as such can only be defined in relation to other currencies . 
   with macron now in the lead , it is now far less likely that there will be a frexit , on the contrary : if macron wins , project europe will gather steam and there will be even less morcels for break away states . 
  i 'll make sure to pass on your political analysis to the boys at goldman sachs . 
  that 's the dumbest statement in this thread . 
  no where anywhere did i say anything was random noise . 
  stop personifying the economic illiteracy of the average voter . 
  the reason brexit caused a big sudden drop like that was because was unexpected , the pound was overvalued because market actors had n't accounted for it realistically enough , this caused a snowball effect as people rushed to shore up risk before the value got any lower . 
  i 'm not remotely pro-brexit anyway , vehemently anti , but i know enough about currency trading to know that the tendency of ordinary folk to assume the currency markets are some kind of barometer for public events is religious thinking at its worst . 
  you 'd think it would be patently obvious to everyone that if you could just categorise political outcomes as either good for the economy or bad for the economy , wait for an outcome , and then buy / sell accordingly then everyone with more than a single digit figure of brain cells could trade the news and make money . 
  given we 're not all millionaires and the majority of people lose money trading currencies that obviously can not be the case . 
  to be fair i was n't trying to say anything about whether brexit will be good or bad , that is ultimately a deeply complicated and personal question that is n't even limited to the economy . 
  my point is merely that using every little twitch of the pounds value as some kind of economic health barometer is madness . 
  all we know about brexit is that there was a market reaction , and that reaction led to a lot of traders concluding that the reaction was going to cause more people to sell sterling than buy , that the direction would therefore be down , and that therefore if they want to make money they should sell sterling . 
  another way to look at is is that the brexit news lead to a greater number of people to wager that the pound was overvalued , premised on the fact that many people thought it more probable that the result would be for remain . 
  had everyone expected brexit then there would n't have been much movement . 
  a currency 's long term value is a much more meaningful metric than change in its value following news . 
  while i can hardly hold the sterling drop to mean anything particularly good about the british economy , it really reflects only how the market perceives the news in terms of the market itself ( whether more will buy or sell etc ) , rather than anything more tangible like the economic benefits of the event . 
  i do n't think you get it all . 
  the size of the currency is completely irrelevant , 1 pound = 1 pound and 1 euro = 1 euro , how many euros there are in existence does n't really matter here for the most part . 
  the only way to give it any sense of directionality is measure currency movements against all other currency movements i.e. 
  not just look at the euro pound relationship , but look at pound and euro against all other currencies . 
  if the euro is gaining on the pound and most other currencies , and if the pound is staying the same relative to most other currencies , then we could say the euro is become `` worth more '' . 
  but then you have to account for the fact that all those other currencies are shifting relative to one another . 
  then you realise that such an ideal world example is impossible , because the value of the euro is n't dictated by what someone thinks it should be worth , but rather by the number of people buying the currency , thus when euros are bought some other currency somewhere in the world is being sold , and thus prospect of a currency rising in value somewhere without another going down is impossible . 
  no mate . 
  all i can say is that you 're wrong for the reasons i stated above and you are reading far too much into the fx . 
  i encourage you get learning more about the currency markets , particularly the concept of `` trading the news '' and learn more about why market reactions events can not be reduced down to the simple formula of `` good news '' currency goes up , `` bad news '' currency goes down . 
  if the relationship between market behaviour and geopolitical events was as straightforward as you said i would n't be going to work but rather would be sitting at my computer all day trading based on political news . 
  mate , if it 's that simple i suggest you give currency trading a go , you should be wealthy by next week . 
  i actually have some experience with this , and the first thing that every trader learns is that they 're not predicting the `` goodness '' or `` badness '' of events , but rather the reaction of the market , and that the `` logic '' or `` reason '' of the market is quasi-unknowable , it being the sum total of a million different actors each with their own predictions about what the market will do , all based on different strategies , each of them trading of different times scales , on different margins etc. 
  and each of them only concerned with what the market will do rather than the goodness or badness of political events . 
  positive economic news can trigger a rise in currencies value , i 'm not denying that , but it can also not cause a reaction , or even cause an adverse reaction . 
  what 's even more crazy is believing that the causality can go the other way , that a rise following an event means that the market thinks that event signals a higher chance of economic prosperity or that a fall following an event signals a lower chance of it . 
  that way madness lies my friend , and it 's that madness that newspapers are exploiting with all their reports of currency fluctuation since brexit . 
  if it were as simple as you 're suggesting i 'd take all my money today , borrow as much as i could , sit up on the night of the french election , and the moment it start looking like macron was going to win or lose i 'd start either buying or selling euros . 
  however , in the real world that 's normally a great way to lose a lot of money , else everyone would be doing it . 
  finally a comment about currency trading that actually makes sense . 
  the number of downvotes i 'm getting for explaining the reality of currency trading is really just testament to how appealing religious type thinking about market behaviour really is . 
  i would say that fact the pound has stayed low consistently since brexit is far more meaningful than the initial brexit fall . 
  long term trends reflect what people suspect long term trends will be ( tautological i know , that 's why trading is so complex ) . 
  the longer a trend the more you we can deduce that market actors are certain a trend will be long term . 
  all we know is people considering buying sterling on average do n't think that more people are going to start buying sterling in the future , and thus are n't buying it at the same rate as before . 
  if people were optimistic about the pound 's future value then more bulls would be entering the market and pushing the value up . 
  we can clearly say that market actors are pessimistic about sterling 's future value , but that should n't be conflated with the idea that market actors think brexit is going to be `` bad '' in any other sense , we simply ca n't know their reasons , which have far more to do with what they think other market actors will think and do , rather than the objective value of brexit .
