  `` i have seen it '' in old english was probably closer in meaning to something like `` i possess the seeing of it '' . 
  `` i will eat it '' more like `` i desire my eating of it '' . 
  i know all of that . 
  but the point is that simple form of the perfect is still used in some contexts to indicate an action is completed . 
  it 's not contrasted with the preterite , but as you rightly say , the continuous , but it 's a hallmark of english 's historical legacy from a time when the perfective aspect always coincided with the perfect `` tense '' . 
  `` i have eaten an apple '' does n't really give you a sense of that , but `` i will have eaten the apple '' does , as it leaves no doubt as to the aspect that applies . 
  i will ate it , is simply ungrammatical in the vast majority of english dialects , so your point about it being contrasted with the continuous is moot . 
  obviously so , that 's why i used the example , my point was the perfect is still in some instances used to indicate a completed event . 
  while the present tense usage `` i have worked '' is ambiguous about the aspect that applies , in the future perfect the event in question is always finished . 
  that 's not what russell would say at all . 
  you seem not to understand what russell stood for at all . 
  i 'm not trying to defend his many abhorrent politically distasteful views , i 'm trying to point out that what you 're saying is totally the opposite of what russell believed philosophically . 
  he was a non-cognitivist , did n't think decisions like `` i think it would be good if primitive peoples living in undeveloped parts of the world did n't exist '' were factual statements at all , he believed their were expressions of inclination arising from people 's inherently psychological moral sentiments . 
  russell did n't claim to derive his political views , or anything related to ethics , to be simple logical derivation from facts about the world . 
  russell did n't even think ethics was real philosophy , and belonged to a totally different sphere that did n't have anything to do with knowledge at all . 
  you 're missing that russell would n't class these views of his as being based on facts . 
  to him facts were just the material states of the universe that happen to exist . 
  to move from , i know the facts to i know what 's right for humanity would 've been to commit naturalistic fallacy . 
  all he 's saying in this video is `` do n't lie or deceive yourself about the material state of the universe to serve some moral end '' , or in other words `` if the world is uncaring and deterministic , then acknowledge it as being so , do n't tell yourself some fantasy narrative about the world being otherwise when the evidence does n't demonstrate that . '', 
  do n't do a hegel and try and reinvent god at the core of a phenomenological matrix . 
  russell was happy to for people to conclude bad things from a full awareness of the material facts of the world , he did so himself , and he clearly saw the process as not solely based in fact . 
  what scared him was the notion that facts , propositions that describe the world as it is , could be thrown aside to justify certain behaviours . 
  this is what russell saw in his connection between 20th century german military aggression , german romanticism , and german idealism . 
  russell 's philosophy was far more nuanced than you 're giving him credit for , the idea that he 's only talking about facts because he thinks the real facts support his political / ethical opinions then you 're severely underestimating him . 
  his whole philosophical position is based around the idea that moral facts , or morals derived solely from facts , do n't exist . 
  a huge number of britons can barely spell `` economy '' , never mind understand what it actually is . 
  talking to some of the folks back them their understanding of economy is fundamentally religious . 
  `` we have angered the great economy , we must appease it with a sacrifice of public spending '' . 
  ok , i 'm exaggerating a little but it 's completely evident that they really do no know what is meant by the economy but do look for something to blame when it goes wrong . 
  you 're entirely missing my point and you 're getting hung up on its being contrasted with the continuous . 
  my point is simply that there are still constructions in english , which are generally called perfect , that carry a heavy weight of completion that have carried over from that time . 
  `` i will have cleaned the house '' , the future perfect , is a clear example of that legacy . 
  the fact that the continuous negates that effect is neither here nor there . 
  my point is n't about what negates that effect or what it 's contrasted with , the point is the fact that there still exists at least one perfect construction with a completely perfect aspect , and this is why the future perfect is the ideal example . 
  you 're looking only at the grammar , when you need to remove yourself another layer and look at it more historically to understand what i 'm saying . 
  you need to think in a more detached fashion and come at it like a historical linguist . 
  the point is n't anything to do with what the future perfect contrasts with in modern english , and it 's not to do with the internal logic of the modern grammar . 
  what you need to ask yourself is `` why has the english language ended up using the constructive tense `` perfect '' to express the perfective aspect when combined with the future ? 
  '' , why does n't one say `` i will ate it '' or `` i will be finished with the cleaning of it '' to express that thought , the answer is because of the legacy from old english which led to it falling naturally into the role . 
  all you 're seeing is that fact that within the grammar of modern english it 's continuous vs simple that more or less consistently perform the role of specifying aspect ( perfective vs imperfective ) . 
  when you need to ask yourself more of a 2nd order question about how the language is why it is , not compared with other valid grammatical modern english sentences , but rather compared to all other possible constructions of english that could 've developed in the past 1000 + years . 
   `` i have cleaned the house '' still carries more of an implication of completion than does `` i cleaned the house . '', 
  not really . 
  without the future tense the choice of tenses here only really depends on the event 's relationship to the present . 
  `` i have cleaned the house '' and `` i cleaned the house '' both suggest completeness unless context or further explanation suggests otherwise . 
  certainly the use of the present perfect you see in a sentence like `` i 've worked here for 3 years '' is the exact opposite a perfective aspect , and expresses the very opposite , that the event started in the past is incomplete/unfinished . 
  as you rightly pointed out the imperfective aspect is mostly expressed by the continuous in modern english . 
  i ca n't think of a single example in which the the preterite alone would be used to express the imperfect aspect without some other word doing the actual work . 
  compare `` i went to john 's house '' ( perfective by default ) , vs `` as i went to john 's house '' ( suggestive of imperfective in some sense ) . 
  this is why i disagree with what i 've quoted you saying there . 
  but ultimately going back to the matter at hand best examples of the construction we call perfect being used to express the perfective aspect in english , and thus the best examples of old english 's legacy on the language 's grammar , are the future perfect simple ( 100 % perfective ) , and combination such as `` after/when/if i 've cleaned it '' etc. 
  as these still carry the weight of a perfective aspect . 
  the constructions we use in english to express a perfective aspect are often considered `` perfect '' constructions ( syntax-wise not aspect wise ) , even if modern english has innovated a bunch of alternative methods to deal with aspect and even if the correlation between the constructions and the aspect are no longer uniform . 
  let 's not put this on the young generation too much though , the older generations are equally if not more guilty of this kind of pessimism than the young , and in many ways i see the young as often having inherited this pessimism from their parents . 
  the war generation were unflappable but they 're all dead , dying , or not long for this world , most of the elderly generation are made up of people who were too young during the war to really have been involved with it and people born afterwards . 
  i 'd still rather be poor and live in a studio now than live with a grand house in the 50s . 
  i 'm not saying there 's no problems or that life is a breeze , but we should really assess our general outlook most of all imo . 
  if you 're constantly believing the world will get worse regardless of what happens , and constantly in a state of negative mentality grumbling over your morning coffee reading the headlines then it 's no great shock when things do n't improve . 
  i think people have a right to be rationally worried about the world , i can understand why people are upset over and worried about brexit and trump , it 's just the culture of dismay i do n't like , we need a reinvigoration of positive thinking about problems . 
  ultimately both trump and brexit have only happened because we 've passively allowed people to convince themselves that there is something terribly wrong with the world when frankly there is n't . 
  yes , but this kind of `` woe is me `` ism is equally as rife within the enviromentalist movement . 
  what we should really be doing is talking very positively about how technology can be used to protect and heal our environment . 
  too often do you find environmentalists who want to blame everything . 
  some want to blame human character itself as if this were some divine punishment for a lack of morality or some great character deficiency , some want to blame everything on capitalism or government . 
  some are even luddites . 
  if we want to fix the planet we should be taking a very positive attitude towards achieving that . 
   to address the first point ... conservativism is not adoration of the ghastly past . 
  i doubt that there are any conservatives ( or even conservatives ) out there who , for example , disapprove of antibiotics . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that none of us look back with fondness on the industrial relations of the 1970s !, 
  conservatives simply tend to take a more cautious approach to change than others do , and to put more emphasis on property rights - but even that is only a difference of degree . 
  pretty much all of us ( at least in the uk ) are in favour of , eg , scientific and technological research , use of compulsory purchase orders so that we can build infrastructure , taxation , and at least some role for the state in health care and education . 
  i 'd argue that that caution is just stifling in a world like our own , especially when it comes to morality and proscribing the rules of society . 
  so many people convinced that there are morally devoid scumbags at every turn when in fact the vast majority of people are decent enough , many even thoroughly nice . 
  fear of the other seems rife amongst conservatives . 
   and the second ... quite a lot of us would argue that the ones showing mental passivity and obsessed with negativity are those young people who are the most noisy about `` getting a grip '' . 
  the obsession with negativity is clear , the mental passivity is in regurgitating soundbites and uncritical acceptance of what you 're told ( to be fair a lot of conservatives do this as well , but i get the impression it is not as common ; this could just be my bias as someone who is somewhat conservative though ) and in clicking/sharing/liking / tweeting about issues instead of getting out and doing something about those issues . 
  i have a great deal more time for people who actually get up and do something about whatever they 're passionate about than i do for people who merely gripe about it , no matter what it is they 're passionate about . 
  this i do n't agree with . 
  older people see it that way because they 're expecting the young to act like they did when they were young . 
  we live in an age of much greater alienation , and a digital age . 
  those young people on twitter are doing nothing else than what hippies in the 60s did , which was sit around talking about problems rather than getting off their arses and fixing it , it 's just the younger generation took the fa\u00e7ade out of it . 
  honestly i think the divide between the online generation and the older generation that so less often tuned into what is happening online is part of what has happened with the average mentality within society today . 
  to many more offline people , the kind that use the internet but do n't really engage with it , we must seem like a bunch of zombie walking around with our minds in the avoid not engaging with the same cultural mooring that they use . 
   finally , people have been saying `` the world has recently started going to hell in a handcart '' for at least as long as we 've had writing . 
  once upon a time negativity and mental passivity were blamed on ... wait for it ... the invention of the paperback book . 
  really . 
  paperbacks and the resultant near-universal availability of fiction were thought to be responsible for the mental and physical decay of the middle and working classes . 
  yes , undoubtedly the case . 
  i just think it 's only lately that they 've become really politically realised rather than just dismissed and clich\u00e9d pattern amongst older people . 
  remember there have never been so many older voters has there is not at any point in history . 
   for the avoidance of doubt , this conservative approves of paperback books . 
  and e-books . 
  and audio books . 
  as long as they 're in anglo-saxon . 
  i 'll stick to german and french then :d, 
  precocious is the word you 're looking for, 
  lol you vindictive piece of shit . 
   ` the facts ' here are weighted with ideological baggage that he does n't recognise , and i think the more we deceive ourselves into thinking we 've succeeded in being hard-headed about the facts of the world , the less we 've actually succeeded . 
  i do n't agree , russell would be the first to acknowledge his political views as ideological , that 's the core of his philosophy . 
  you really seem hung up on this idea that one ca n't separate facts from ideology .
