  still i reckon if a mother failed to comply with an order for visiting rights because her 14 year old would n't get out the car they would n't throw her in jail for 60 days . 
  i think a lot of people can relate to this shit . 
  my parents divorced when i was 12 and it was super hard time for me and sibling . 
  mostly because you see your parents like this acting childish and petty over who gets access , in a way using you as a weapon in the divorce like arguing over who keeps what except it 's a child . 
  so often it comes at an age when you 're starting to develop into an autonomous human being and it 's super demeaning when you 're on the precipice of understanding what 's happening but still being treated like a young child incapable of knowing a thing about what 's going on . 
  then of course you have the guilt towards one parent when social services have to ask you which parent you 'd prefer to live with and the feelings of betrayal and so on . 
  this woman sets my skin crawling with the type of passive aggression she 's showing . 
  she 's doing every emotional trick she can to try to make the kid doubt himself as well as saying directly to the child that his opinion is n't that most important thing because he 's only a child and not capable of making decision for himself is just an absolute travesty , i do n't know about in the us but in the uk if the kid was 16 he 'd have every right to decide exactly who he stay with and when providing they 'd let him stay there . 
  that is the most ketty thing i 've ever seen . 
  drunken is an adjective . 
  yeah what 's truly bullshit is what she 's saying about speaking correctly . 
  tonnes of stuff that is considered redneck and aav in the us is considered prestige in the uk because it follows a more traditional pronunciation model . 
  like pronouncing ate the same as et , dropping vowels in words like battery so it sounds like bat tree . 
  all remnants of more traditional modes of speaking . 
  this woman also says evolements rather than evolution so she 's wrong but her own standard . 
  ax is actually a traditional form of the word harking back to the 8th century . 
  despite being officially wrong . 
  if people living in other countries did this they 'd have to tag half of reddit . 
  * hands over sprite *, 
  haaaaa !, 
  taut *, 
  wow . 
  i was expecting something [ more like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhp3ot2hxae ) . 
  actually quite a fun programme to watch if you have the basics in a language and want to practice . 
  there are versions in english , french , german , and spanish . 
  declensions are totally unimportant . 
  i mean there is no difference between `` the couple fucked in the house '' and the `` the couple fucked into the house '' , well only a indecent exposure charge . 
  i think they were more concerned with getting those north americans to buy the product than what they were calling it . 
  officially it 's lego the company , lego brick for the singular , and lego bricks for plural . 
  box of lego is also acceptable though . 
  they do n't like legos , lego or legos because it might lead someone to believe that the company is n't called lego or that it 's called legos/legos instead , maximising brand recognition is a big deal , nonetheless as long as you keep buying i 'm sure that 's only a secondary concern . 
  it annoys me how grammatically linear americans are though !, 
  oh there 's more than one of them , therefore it must have an - s , i guess they also think the desert is made of sands , and the river is full of fishes , all while eating a plate of fruits . 
  lego is the perfect candidate for a collective noun . 
  furthermore , `` the team is standing '' ?? 
  seriously , would you say '' the team is standing , it has a green kit and it likes to drink on the weekend '' ? 
  it 's clear the conjugation of a noun should follow the pronoun it 's substituted by , `` the team are standing , they have a green kit and they like to drink at the weekend '' is just so much more elegant . 
  call me a eurofag elitist if you like , i 'm just calling it as i see it . 
  that 's a lot easier than the rule in english , because there is n't a rule : /, 
  must 've seen this 10 times and never gets old . 
  pretty sure the rules that governed - th are so diffuse they 're not really rules . 
  mostly it relates to etymology which is hardly a rule . 
  let 's hear it then . 
  put your ~ ~ money ~ ~ mouth where your ~ ~ mouth ~ ~ karma is ? 
  you mean you like to say `` ah '' instead . 
  as in `` good jahb ! '' . 
  would n't call that loud and proud . 
  it 's not outside of england , that 's for certain . 
  oh yeah so taking corners at 200mph , no skills whatever , clearly any random bloke could learn to do that . 
  you 're cute . 
  not even his final form, 
  i would n't agree when we 're talking trademarks . 
  france ? 
  economically stable ? 
  pull the other one . 
  furthermore those countries , at least austria , france , and germany very conservative when it comes to economic development . 
  their banking sectors are laughable and their regulation in many areas has n't changed in 40 years . 
  asides the uk ( banking ) and germany ( manufacturing ) the rest of the eu is backwater from the emergent new economies perspective . 
  laughable how you think austria can into relevance . 
  you 're *, 
  you 're *, 
  spoiler :(, 
  it 's not a college or a frat is it , it 's a british university . 
  furthermore this is tame , it might go viral but it wo n't cause any backlash . 
  downing three normal drinks never killed any healthy person . 
  there are videos of people downing whole litre bottles of spirits out there . 
  it 's o mio babbino caro, 
  just give it up ... 
  whoops watched the wrong video . 
  certainly not what i said . 
  she was also found out to be a fraud . 
  her qualification from the american association of nutritional consultants was found to sell qualifications for cash , even posthumously awarding qualifications to people 's pets and so on . 
  she was made to stop calling herself `` doctor '' after trading standards cracked down on her doing this . 
  she 's also been attacked by many legitimate academically qualified nutritionists and called a quack and a nutcase . 
  definitely not english though , sounds welsh to me . 
  definitely not geordie, 
  guess i was wrong, 
  this problem is a crock of shit . 
  not because it 's untrue , it 's demonstrably correct , but because it 's framed in a way to make people miss the real reason why the probability is not longer 50/50 . 
  the fact is that the door which is eliminated after you 've made your selection can not be the `` good door '' aka the door with the prize behind it , since this would defeat the purpose of the puzzle . 
  when you make your initial selection two things can happen :, 
  2/3 you pick a bad door, 
  1/3 you pick the good door . 
  if you 've picked a bad door , which is the more probable first pick , the eliminator has no choice as to which door to remove , since the remaining door , the one you did n't pick and the one that was n't eliminated must be the good door , and that is why it makes sense to swap over . 
  of course if you pick the good door first time around , the eliminator gets to choose which door he wants to eliminate , and in this case when you swap you 'll lose , but this is a less probable situation than the former , therefore it 's always logical to swap if we play the odds . 
  it 's not a remotely remarkable or freaky incidence , it 's perfectly plain logic . 
  however because there 's no fun in that people always frame in the problem in a way that neglects to make this fact explicit . 
  now millions of people haplessly fail to grasp the fact that the eliminator can not choose the good door , and foolishly believe that the mere act of swapping a choice after an elimination will result in increased odds , foolishly thinking themselves smart for embracing this counter-intuitive piece of pop culture . 
  if we were to do the experiment the way most people initially believe it to work , insofar as the eliminator is picking a door at random just like the player , and is able to eliminate the good door to if happens to randomly select the good door , then the probability does n't change at all . 
  i 've tried explaining this to people and they 've been outwardly hostile to the explanation since they 've become to attached to the explanation being some kind of universal mystery rather than just a cheap trick . 
  that 's not strictly true . 
  if we mind wiped you after the initial process and just presented you with the two doors , the logical action would be to treat it as a 50/50 chance , however from the perspective of an observer who remembered the previous events then they would have the information to know that is was n't a 50/50 chance and to select the door that was n't selected the first time . 
  in the same way from the perspective of someone possessing x-ray vision who could see through the door there is a 100 % chance of one of the doors being the good door . 
  remember , if the centre door is the good door , it 's always 100 % chance of that door being the good door , that does n't change . 
  what changes is our knowledge of the situation and therefore what is rational for us to do , and this determines the chance the player of the game has . 
  tl ; dr what he means to say is that if you forgot which door it was you originally picked you still only have a 50/50 chance because you lost the insight the swap gave you on the situation , which is kind of obvious when you think about it . 
  this is a stupid debate though . 
  part of russia is in the continent europe . 
  when talking politics and such though it does n't make sense to include russia in a debate about european politics . 
  i 've had debates with idiots arguing that europe is a fucked up place because russia , when obviously in debates about european politics we 're only interested in those countries that are entirely in europe .
