   locally understood to denote the leading crop of a district . 
  restricted to the indigenous `` maize '' in america ( c. 1600 , originally indian corn , but the adjective was dropped ) , usually wheat in england , oats in scotland and ireland , while korn means `` rye '' in parts of germany . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.etymonline.com/index.php?term=corn&amp;allowed_in_frame=0 ), 
  of course google translate , the absolute authority on language . 
  way more so than , you know , a dictionary . 
   [ u ] uk ( the seeds of ) plants , such as wheat , maize , oats , and barley , that can be used to produce flour :, 
   [ u ] mainly us ( uk usually maize ) a tall plant grown in many parts of the world for its yellow seeds , which are eaten as food , made into flour , or fed to animals, 
  [ source ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/corn ), 
  give it up pal . 
  american english * ( i actually still have no idea what baloney is , although i 'm sure british english can provide some funny idioms , or maybe that 's a load of cobblers ), 
  i am british but i live and work in germany and i have mixed feelings about this . 
  firstly i am very much pro-eu so i 'm coming from that standpoint . 
  however there are a number of factors in play . 
  firstly i think people are wildly exaggerating the the possibility of a brexit . 
  the irony is that while cameron has called for this referendum , cameron and the conservatives actually support britain 's continued membership of the eu , as does the financial sector in a big way . 
  this video was right in saying than a brexit would be disastrous for the economy . 
  big business has had long term plans based on britain 's membership of the eu . 
  as far as they are concerned the eu is a good thing , the eu can not touch the british financial sector without our consent , as long as this remains the case as it almost certainly will then there really is nothing to fear . 
  cameron 's instigation of a referendum is purely a political move to secure the votes of the reactionary and/or xenophobic right wing who might 've otherwise voted for ukip . 
  it was his killer move when it came to ensuring a conservative majority government . 
  the probability of it 's happening is virtually nil , and even if it were to it would most likely mean the relegation of britain from eu member state to eec member state , all of the cons with none of the benefits . 
  there is too much mutual interest vested from the eu to britain and britain to the eu to mean a return to the days of complete national isolation . 
  however i do n't find the eu a bed of roses , there are some problems . 
  for example france and germany have more similarities politically than the uk does . 
  as such they have a very controlling power basis in the eu parliament . 
  what i feel they have done is defined the ideals of the eu in line with their ideology , british political ideology is cast as inherently anti-eu , and frankly i think this is bullshit . 
  britain has always lain at the more liberal end of the social-democracy , and this conflicts with some the germans and french political visions of the future . 
  it would be better if britain had an ally as a counter balance to this power bloc , but sadly it does n't , the best it has is the dutch and they 're a small country and very much in the middle of this shitshow . 
  for example britain is a common law country , with a vast banking sector , germany and france are both civil law countries with manufacturing at their core . 
  this alone is a significant difference in ethos . 
  germany is actually massively fiscally conservative at its core , even if it supports social welfare , its banking sector is not strong in the sense that london 's is because it is simply too secure and regulated . 
  it 's useful for bailing people out when the economy goes tits up precisely because it did n't make the big risks to generate capital ( which ultimately helps society in the long run by generating money to do stuff ) , rather it squirrels it away and says no you ca n't have this or that because of the bank balance , ask anyone in berlin about the suffering inflicted on their capital due to the german policies of fiscal austerity . 
  ultimately germany is still affected by the financial ruin they ran into in the 20th century . 
  in fact i have found considerable resentment from some germans about the uk 's status as the financial capital of europe as well as being one of the world 's biggest financial sectors . 
  german 's like their regulation and some would say that what london does is underhand and unfairly gained money compared to their notions of faired earned wealth through manufacturing . 
  while british people would say this is naive there is definitely an element of this simplistic idealism in german culture . 
  they do not like the abstract way banking contributes value to society and prefer more concrete things . 
  imo the problem is that the german ethos goes against globalism , they 're fine because of their strong manufacturing sector however its short sighted of them to think that this can work for everyone . 
  germany is at its heart a niche economy , it can not compete with china and india on the basis of basic manufacturing , so it specialises drawing on its highly educated workforce , asking 500 million people in the eu to do this is ridiculous . 
  in the end it comes down to a number of issues . 
  liberalism vs a more state orientated ethos , manufacturing vs services , conservative economics vs modern keynesian models . 
  ultimately when you get down to it britain , france and germany are all centre left economies . 
  sure britain has a government more to the right these days , but on a wider scale they are really just centre centre left . 
  they want to reduce the budget by a few billion , but if they tried to implement policies like the republicans there would be outrage , the new conservatives of the last decade are tame even compared to their 20th century predecessors . 
  however there are fundamental conflicts wider than the simple scope of right vs left . 
  personally i see plenty of flaws in the germany and french vision as the british vision , and furthermore both visions actually favour the circumstance each country is in . 
  of course eu banking regulation would favour germany because germany already has some of the strictest regulations in the eu . 
  it would n't touch their economy and would pull money from the uk onto the mainland . 
  likewise of course britain favours deregulation because it maintains their power base as the leading financial capital . 
  the jokes about what britain produces were pretty low if you ask me , britain provides services all over the world otherwise it would n't a successful country , just because they do n't make cars does n't mean they do nothing . 
  in fact britain is not one of countries sapping the eu , do germans really believe they are subsidising britain ? 
  or is this more german eigensinn when it comes to embracing alternative ways of doing things . 
  ultimately this is why i support federalisation , because imo it 's only when german money is british money , and british money is french money and so on from the federal bodies perspective that they will legislate in a way that benefits everyone . 
  no longer will it be childish power plays trying to implement policies that will benefit the homeland , but rather about policies that benefit everyone . 
  such a body would not want to regulate london because it would be against their interests , nor would they deregulate germany because they 'd be earning from their system too . 
  the eu as it stands is too much about implementing policy that subtly benefits blocs of countries , rather than having the overall interests of the eu at heart . 
  wow i almost trusted your knowledge until you said sydney was the capital :(, 
  at 11am you lazy convicts !, 
  do n't let the door hit you on the way out . 
  ultimately what you see as grounds for leaving the eu i either do n't think are as severe as you are making out . 
  for example i do n't think the eu is undemocratic , it 's the very definition of democracy for better or worse . 
  or i see them as the consequences of not being integrated enough rather than less integrated . 
  as for the superstate , i wo n't deny it , i unashamedly support the notion of europe as a superstate . 
  one because i believe there wo n't be room for an independent britain or any medium sized countries in general in future , and two because like it or not a european superstate is practically an inevitability . 
  i for one would rather be part of a united europe rather than an island on the outskirts of one . 
  some idealistic dreamers like to imagine leaving europe and strengthening ties with the commonwealth instead as an alternative way of maintaining international relevancy , but frankly i feel that that boat sailed a long time ago . 
  the australians and canadians are a world away and any kind of unions with them is simply unappealing to them . 
  canada 's economy is highly interlinked with america 's and australia is on the other side of the world and doing very well by itself . 
  theoretically if the uk and australia were to unionise tomorrow it would be at australia 's disadvantage . 
  i know this is n't realistic but it 's just a point to the lop-sided nature of the situation . 
  trade agreements work precisely because transport of good and services is facilitated by proximity . 
  as the immigration issue this is something i do n't understand remotely . 
  it has been shown time and again the european immigrants contribute more to the economy than they take out . 
  some points i hear are `` this island 's full '' which is frankly a ridiculous idea , there are plenty of economically prosperous areas far more densely populated than the uk ( japan being just one example ) . 
  another argument i hear is about the erosion of british culture , personally i think this argument is inherently racist , britain has always been an immigrant culture , but putting that aside i do not see the logic of it whatsoever . 
  are eastern europeans really eroding british culture ? 
  i do n't even notice eastern europeans in the uk . 
  there are no large polish areas that are overrunning inner city areas . 
  it seems a lot more cultural friction is caused by the presence of muslim and african populations in various areas , and this is something that leaving the eu would do absolutely nothing to change . 
  frankly i think immigration is one thing that german more or less does really well , millions of people from eastern and central europe have come here and this integrate incredible well , as i feel they have in the uk . 
  we just attack them due to acceptability of it compared with attacked some political sensitive communities . 
  ultimately i feel like the attacks on eu immigration are the biggest load of bullshit i 've ever heard of . 
  essentially it 's people who dislike immigrants from the ex-commonwealth attacking europeans simply because they can . 
  saying i do n't like the fact we have muslims and black people is racist so instead they attack one of the biggest contributors of our economy because they can do it on the basis of politics . 
  eu immigration is one of the biggest factors in britain 's overtaking of france as the 2nd place eu economy . 
  we are an appealing country due to being a large part of the anglosphere . 
  the anger against the eu freedom of movement policy is literally just transference of the potentially xenophobic anger towards non-european immigration which is nothing to do with it in the slightest . 
   to be honest , that comes across as incredibly ignorant . 
  you 're essentially calling people like myself - people that live in an area drastically changed by immigration in the past 20 years - racists and phobic of immigrant culture . 
  that simply is n't true . 
  i come from an area in north west london that has changed so much in the past 20 years , that white british people are now a minority , according to the census ( 2011 ) . 
  you may `` not see '' immigration from wherever you have lived , but both myself and my family noticed a colossal change , working as nurses , allied healthcare professionals ( working at hospitals in n/w london ) , and teachers . 
  shops , public areas , demographics , schools , hospitals , gp surgeries , workplaces , public transport ... 
  they all changed so quickly , with virtually no integration . 
  let me ask you a simple question . 
  is that because of eu immigration or because of immigration outside the eu ? 
  is it polish people and romanians or other nationalities ? 
  the truth is that these social issues are nothing to do with eu immigration , and ukip is riding on the false premise that all immigration is the say , which it is n't . 
  eu immigration has n't even been a thing for 20 years . 
   there 's genuinely no point trying to convince someone that clearly has n't at all experienced the pitfalls of mass immigration into certain parts of cities , the lack of social cohesion , low uptake of the english language , and the breakdown of basic cohesion ( in my town especially ) .
