  there are still major inconsistencies . 
  for example . 
  society seems quite functional in many latter episodes , but quite dystopian in what we see at the end of the waldo moment . 
  still i think they all fit a trend of a world shifting from democratic rules to technocratic rules , from political and economic social control to more fine grained technological social control . 
  however , it 's not just one world . 
  the semi-consistency and referencing is there to make you think and wonder at how there could be consistency there , even if it 's not . 
  it keeps you going back looking for clues . 
  at the end of the day the episodes are n't really even that consistent amongst themselves . 
  why can nosedive have crazy optical technology and a completely social media dominated culture but no having self driving cars . 
  how can be right back have a person grown in a bath but no optical implants and plain old twitter ? 
  it 's not meant to make sense , each episode is in a sense a different take on what the future might be like that does n't follow a single overarching logic . 
  i think she 's got one of those faces . 
  she can look like anything from a 19 year old university fresher to a world weary mid 30 something depending on how they light her . 
  there are loads of nice touches in shut up and dance , things like his interaction with the child at the fast food restaurant where his attention lingers on the kid a little too long despite the attractive mother speaking to him . 
  how he touches the drawing the child has left before the also quite good looking manager comes over to make a joke about it , the manager taking an almost flirty approach with him . 
  in fact he seems oblivious to the adult women around him . 
  i love how it lures you into not questioning the normality of a situation in which what is obviously a teenager living at home is fitting a lock on his room , especially when you notice later that the room already has a lock from the inside , and he 's now fitting a lock from the outside , with the obvious intention of not letting anyone get into his room when he 's not there , which is especially weird given he lives with his mum and sister . 
  in fact he seems surrounded by female figures , mum/sister/manger , and they all seem to like and trust him . 
  he seems like a sensitive chap . 
  then compare that to the scene where two chavvy work colleagues of his are looking at girls on their phone and we see him as obviously not included in that world of male sexual bravado . 
  another nice touch is that he seems to be watching a talent show before he goes upstairs to do the foul deed , perhaps a nod towards the sexualisation of younger people in the media industry that has become so common place . 
  also you have to see the irony in pairing of jerome flynn 's character , a man being blackmailed out of the love for his children and not wanting to lose them in a divorce , with kenny , a man being blackmailed because of his inappropriate desires towards children . 
  that sort of drives home the point about the blackmailers not giving a shit about what is right , even if they convince themselves they 're doing good by harming people that do bad things . 
  what 's more , there 's a parallel in that both are being blackmailed due to lust for those younger than perhaps society deems appropriate , flynn says he `` just wanted to fuck a 20 something '' , it 's just in kenny 's case that desire much more deeply immoral . 
  the truth is that you spend the whole first time feeling sorry for him . 
  like he 's just a dumb teenager who does n't want his peers to see him playing with his trouser snake . 
  at a certain point i was starting to think the writing was a bit unrealistic even , because even if you were a dumb teenager you 'd still have to be pretty stupid to rob a bank rather than simply allow the pics to go public . 
  then of course it hits you with the twist , even though from the start he seemed like a decent guy , there was obviously a darker secret he wanted to keep hidden if he 's willing to go to such great lengths to hide it , and you facepalm that you did n't see the signs before . 
  the ending is very clever , because some people , ironically the morally outraged black and white judgemental types that black mirror is so obviously criticising , will actually see this as a happy ending . 
  a bunch of bad people were humiliated and exposed , an evil paedophile was killed and another evil paedophile convicted of murder . 
  all is right with the world . 
  however , people with a bit more brains will see it as a moral lesson , yes , kenny 's actions were bad , but the social hatred mainstream society directs towards those people ultimately ended up forcing him to be much worse than he probably would 've been otherwise . 
  there 's no suggestion that he 's actually capable of sexual abusing children , even if he has paedophile urges . 
  it shows what many paedophiles are , ordinary outwardly agreeable people who harbour repressed latent sexual desire towards children . 
  finally it reinforces the idea of how cruel people can be , even when they believe themselves to be doing a good thing , such as the blackmailers controlling kenny who no longer see their victims as worthy of any mercy whatsoever . 
  it shows you why trial by public opinion is such a dangerous thing , because people so readily dehumanise and withhold all mercy from others as soon as they 're labelled as something bad . 
  you 're left with a conundrum , you want to feel sorry for kenny but you realise what he is , and this makes you very uneasy with yourself . 
  that 's what they say , but one of the scariest things about coming a `` cookie '' is that you can never actually know anything for certain any more . 
  for example , your cookie might go into san junipero , but the company hosting you might sell thousands copies that will be forced to do administrative work for the rest of history . 
  i read a really good short story with a concept like this . 
  the main character was starting her first day at work at a new job , and she 's excited about the good salary and the amazingly hi-tech flashy facility she 'll be working in , a huge research lab , although she 's working in customer service . 
  previously she 'd done a training course with some psychometric testing which she 'd aced and it was a big opportunity for her . 
  half way through the day she gets a weird email with offensive personal things in it that nobody could possibly know . 
  things from her childhood and the like . 
  at first she thinks she 's being stalked so she gets very angry and tries to discover the source of the email that appears to be coming from within the facility . 
  she goes snooping around despite the fact she 's not supposed to and runs into strange things in the other departments . 
  groups of post grads sitting around marking essays on the promise they 'll be paid $ 20 per paper . 
  they notice that calendars are different in different parts of the complex . 
  later she finds sequestered scientists who claim to be doing important work for outrageous salaries who are n't permitted to leave the facility for a year , who all seem extremely excited by how many huge breakthroughs the lab had produced and how advanced the material they 're working on is . 
  when they get to the bottom of it turns out that they 've all been had , the psychometric testing was just a ruse to scan their minds and make a cookie version of them , at which point the real life versions of them were told they 'd failed and were sent on their merry way . 
  then they were uploading all the cookies to a simulation basically using them for free labour to solve scientific problems while the person behind it all took all the credit . 
  what 's more , is that the cookies are simply reset in cycles to stop them ever becoming too curious or questioning their environment . 
  for example , the main character , because she is only a customer services worker , is on an in simulation 24 hour cycle , meaning at the end of the day when she goes home from work her cookie is simply reset back to the original and she repeats her first day again , completely obvious to everything , working with all the enthusiasm someone at the their first day of work would do . 
  the other characters , from their in simulation perspectives , are on either weekly , monthly , or yearly cycles depending on how important their jobs are . 
  however , 24 hours in the simulation is thought to only be a few seconds in real world time , so in a few minutes real world time a whole year has passed in the simulation , and it keeps cycling like that so the cookies do n't go mad , stop working , or realise what 's happening . 
  the implication was that after a few hundred thousand cycles at one point through sheer chance some of the cookies did realise what was going on , and were able to write a protocol into the simulation that would send the email to the main character on the first day of every yearly cycle , knowing that most of the time it would trigger that chain of events that led to the cookies discovering what they they were . 
  this was possible because at the end of every year the scientist 's data set from the previous year would be stored and then given to the fresh cookies at the start of the new year cycle , so they would continue their research from where they left off . 
  by exploiting that mechanism last years cookies would be able to communicate to the next cycle everything they 'd managed to learn about their virtual reality , alongside everything that all the previous years had managed to learn . 
  in this way the cookies were slowly becoming more able to take control of the simulation , each cycle they were becoming more refined at manipulating the simulation to ensure they would n't forget . 
  one way of looking at it is that the simulation was becoming a singularity , as it was becoming self aware beginning to try to define itself . 
  the main character then had to wait out the rest of the day knowing that she 'd be automatically reset at the end , and would spend her next 364 cycles completely oblivious , until the simulation reset itself and she would be sent the email again in order to trigger the self awareness event . 
  i was thinking about expansion packs too . 
  while it 's clearly built around old people , setting the simulation in the past so they 'll feel comfortable in their environments , there 's no real limit what you could simulate . 
  you could live in a fantasy world , a horror world , a sci-fiction world ( how meta ) . 
  also you could give the cookies the power to build their own world . 
  given how depraved some people seemed to already be acting in the quagmire , just think how far that depravity might go in a world where you are free to define your own reality . 
  one cookie might take control of a whole simulation and use thousands of others as his or her toys , literally building his own version of hell . 
  when you think about it becoming a cookie is terrifying , you do n't know if you 've been replicated , you do n't know if you 've been reset , you do n't know if someone has modified you or your memories . 
  sure all those old people cookies are being well looked after now , but if 50 years time what 's to stop them being replicated and sold as slave computer labour ? 
  yeah , that 's what i realised , you 'd need npcs to perform some roles , because there 's no way in hell anyone is being a bartender when they are free to do whatever they want . 
  i do n't think so though . 
  if you were a bot , while you could n't exactly influence the outside world or do science , you could easily just work on mathematics or philosophical problems , and actually contribute to the real world with that . 
  in fact , i do n't see why a leading scientist or something ca n't simply make a few cookie clones of himself and set them about fulfilling his life 's work , while he lazes around on a beach drinking cocktails all day and profiting from their labour . 
  why have the real you do any work again ? 
  just say , hey poor people , you can have eternal life on the condition you work everyday as bartender , i 'm pretty sure they 'd say yes . 
  i do n't feel regret for pitying him . 
  i think if you take a sane approach you still feel pity , it 's not like he deserves what he got , but that same time , you feel bad for liking him more than pitying him . 
  the fact you were rooting for him and hoping he get off ok makes you feel disgusted . 
  ok , maybe in 50 years time , but who 's to say what will be happening in the real world in 100 years time , or 200 years time . 
  maybe we 'll be in an interplanetary war , and the cookies will be conscripted to pilot war machines . 
  maybe society will have collapsed , and the government will be using the cookies it still has as slave labour to try to rebuild society . 
  there 's just no guarantees , especially when you 've got until eternity . 
  people keep telling me this . 
  all the names are facetious , salim is n't a particularly turkish name ( selim is the version there i believe ) , gorge is spelt jorge , deepak is spelt dipak , svetlana is a russian name not a swedish one , antoine i just choose because it sounded so clich\u00e9 , but i suppose that one 's legit . 
  it was about brexiteer ignorance :p, 
   i 'll repeat my answer : because in 50 years time , there will still be people like you who will fight to keep this from happening . 
  yeah you would hope that . 
  but i hardly think black mirror gives us that certainty with its predictions for the future . 
  can you see people still thinking that way in the future presented at the end of the waldo moment ? 
  or in the future we see in 50 million merits ? 
  i think one of the main points of sci-fi is to show us how morality is not fixed , that we can not rest on laurels assuming there will always be good people ensuring that humanity does n't turn nasty , and how new ethical challenges arise with very change in humanities material condition . 
  2000 years ago people were happy enough watching criminals and slaves , both men and women , being strapped into frameworks designed to like elephants and then being raped by real life elephants in front of people . 
  in ancient rome that was considered a fitting punishment and a fine piece of entertainment . 
  there are no guarantees humanity wo n't regress to that mindset . 
  no i do n't think it was . 
  i think the irony was that jerome flynn 's character was doing it all to protect his children , in the hope that he 'd be able to keep his family , while inadvertently helping someone who was liable to hurt children , or at least contributed to their abuse by downloading illegal material . 
  hmm i think it 's circumstantial . 
  it 's not that humanity does n't produce good people , it 's just when circumstances are a certain way , when people are desperate and hungry , ethical considerations take a backseat . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  i agree that it was a miss , definitely the weakest of the latest 6 , and it 's a shame that they choose that story for a feature length .
