  i just do n't understand how anyone can perceive blue as shade , imo shades are n't blue !, 
  weird to me it looks blue like the sky is blue . 
  like not a little bit , like fucking blueee !, 
  poor guy got a choad : /, 
  in reality most people have both positive and negative stereotypes about america . 
  for example it is possible to hold that americans are very friendly , very generous , very open people , that america does some thing very well , and to hold that americans are on average less educated about the world than people from developed nations , that they are more uncultured , that they live in a bubble where everything is about the country that they live in , that they think they live in the centre of the world , that they are scary in their degree of patriotism and that sometimes leads them to support politics that seem unthinkable to other people in other nations . 
  i will say one thing though , i think america 's pr has definitely diminished since i was a boy . 
  in the clinton era america was seen as very much a force for good in the world . 
  if you 'd asked the average briton back then i think you would have heard most good things , the only negatives being that maybe americans were often a bit loud and lacking in style . 
  however the combination of post 9/11 usa and the internet has led to a much more mixed view . 
  personally i think america is a nice place to visit for a holiday but you 'd have to give me a lot of money to actually live there . 
  i would not want to subject myself to the american legal system for example ( and yes i understand it differs from state to state ) , but generally certain stuff , like the existence of plea bargaining for example and the high minimum sentencing laws makes me just think fuck no . 
  whenever crazy shit happens it often seems to be in the us . 
  i ca n't say i 'm fond of american politics either , it scares me that a man like donald trump can even run even if he 's not going to win . 
  the american dream is simply not something i embrace , my dream is a decent salary , a spacious apartment in a vibrant area , a job that i enjoy , and most of all security , the security of knowing that there are social system in place that will catch me if life goes tits up . 
  i do not care about having a giant house , a flash car , and a swimming pool . 
  i 'm perfectly happy to use the public swimming baths provided they are well maintained and clean due to adequate public funding . 
  the idea that americans are all temporarily embarrassed millions seems still to be strong in the us , the fact that often poor walmart workers are vehemently anti-union because someone has told them that it will cut into the bosses profits and that will somehow mean they 're worse off , that people will be against expanding the rights of employees just in case they one day found a business and need to pay their employees minimum wage and no health care benefits . 
  i mean this whole `` if you do n't like it go work somewhere else attitude '' just seems ridiculously optimistic in a world of dwindling resources , climate change , and ever increasingly populations . 
  for me too many americans ' attitudes seem to be built on the basis of a frontier spirit that does n't match the realities of the 21st century . 
  finally , people are such dicks , `` oh this video is really good , i know what i 'll do , convert it to a gif and put subtitles on it ... '', 
  because good brickies are worth the money . 
  it 's actually quite a skill , bricks have to be laid right , if they 're not your house will fall down , someone whose work is up to scratch but also works fast is worth paying over someone is slow or sloppy , therefore a good brickie is usually worth paying . 
  this is n't the kind of thing you could demonstrate with a formal proof . 
  you ca n't show `` grammatical consistency '' on the basis of logic . 
  that depends what you mean by `` grammatical consistency '' of course but i ca n't imagine such a thing being possible . 
  syntax is arbitrary , it stands to reason that a language is still `` grammatically consistent '' ( whatever that means ) regardless of the actual ordering the syntax depends . 
  however formal proofs do n't show such things . 
  whatever you mean by grammatical consistency/validity , do n't confuse it with either logical consistency , validity or completeness , these are very different things that have little to do with natural language . 
  formal languages are sometimes useful in an analysis of natural language , but natural languages are nothing like formal ones . 
  you know in english we write \u00e4 with a simple - e right ? 
  as in `` bed '', 
  nonsense . 
  many romance languages will pronounce - i with an ee . 
  english are german both have a short - i which is pronounced differently from - ee . 
  this is why the french say `` she 's a beach '', 
  what 's your point ? 
  in english that sound is usually written - ee or - e , in german it 's written - ie . 
  it 's not remotely true that most of the world pronounces - i like ee , even swedish only does so when the vowel is long . 
  many languages use a vowel for - i which is completely different from - ee . 
  you did n't refute anything , you just repeated what i said back to me ? 
  i just said most romance languages use the - ee sound , what i will now call by it 's proper name , the close front unrounded vowel , when pronouncing words which contain the letter - i. 
  your supposed refutation just confirmed that fact . 
  however you 're quite wrong about most languages using - i to represent the close front unrounded vowel . 
  of the languages that use the roman alphabet probably only about half use - i to represent this sound . 
  english , dutch , german , norwegian and swedish do n't , or at least only do under certain circumstances . 
  this is because these languages all have the near-close near-front unrounded vowel unlike most romance languages . 
  this sound is what makes it possible for us to distinguish words like bit and beat , mitt and meat and so on . 
  the real history of it is actually to do with germanic languages vs romance languages . 
  the former typically have long and short versions of each vowel , often signified by whether a vowel is followed by a double consonant . 
  short - i is typically less front and closed because it 's easier to say that way and more obvious what is being said . 
  english is an odd case because it stopped differentiating between short and long vowels , short - i was maintained but long - i was replaced with a different orthography by the time modern english came to exist . 
  most germanic languages use `` ie '' to represent the close front unrounded vowel , which simply means that it 's not true that most languages that use the roman alphabet use `` i '' . 
  edit : the reason a swedish person saying `` ikea '' sound the way it does is because the `` i '' is long , however in a swedish word like `` sill '' they would use a sound comparable to the english pronunciation in a word like `` bit '', 
  wow you need to chill out . 
  your caps lock is making you look foolish . 
  you 're claiming that i know nothing about linguistics yet you are the one making false claims . 
  1 ) anything you say about latin has no bearing on the statement '' - i is pronounced with the close front unrounded vowel in most languages that use the roman alphabet '' , that statement is false . 
  2 ) we have very little exact knowledge about how old english , and other very old forms of germanic languages were actually pronounced . 
  what we have is educated guesses based on a number of different sources . 
  3 ) consequently we have no idea whether speakers of those languages used the close front unrounded vowel when pronouncing short - i or whether they used the near-close near-front unrounded vowel . 
  the clue is in the `` near '' , the sounds are produced very similarly in the mouth , so much so that speakers of romance languages who 've never learned english will have are hard time telling them apart initially . 
  4 ) due the similarity we have no idea whether the scholars who first romanised the ancient germanic languages simply used - i as the closest fit or whether it was because people back then used the exact sound the romans did ( another language that was subject to change and dialects and such ) . 
  5 ) vowel shift is a completely different thing than this had a much wider effect on pronunciation, 
  stop being such a doughnut . 
  your original comment was way oversimplified , as is your idea that once all european orthographies reflected the latin perfectly and then some changed while the romance language stayed the same . 
  that is just silly . 
  i 'll also add there was never a time when those languages `` did n't have an alphabet '' , the shift was from runes to the roman alphabet , not from nothing . 
  yeah that is true . 
  i 'd still go with hyundeh though . 
  - ae is sometimes pronounced like - eye in english so that just gets even more confusing haha . 
  you can take the american out of america , but you ca n't take the america out of the american . 
  so many american expats i know struggle with the most banal shit . 
  i know expats will whine over the minutiae , it 's what expats do , but i 'm always surprised how often americans minds are blown by the more obvious stuff , no we do n't have the same brands of food , no we do n't celebrate american holidays , no we do n't stock 15 flavours of flavoured milk . 
  in fact americans often whine about not having stuff that is n't a thing any where else than america . 
  in the us you having housing associations that are actually far more gestapo-esque . 
  why ? 
  because i explained to you something that you are obviously not aware of ... jesus there are some egos on reddit . 
  i suggest you actually study some formal logic and reassess what you 've said there . 
  what on earth are talking about ... 
   old english was first written in runes , using the futhorc -- a rune set derived from the germanic 24-character elder futhark , extended by five more runes used to represent anglo-saxon vowel sounds , and sometimes by several more additional characters . 
  from around the 9th century , the runic system came to be supplanted by a ( minuscule ) half-uncial script of the latin alphabet introduced by irish christian missionaries . 
  [ 14 ] this was replaced by insular script , a cursive and pointed version of the half-uncial script . 
  this was used until the end of the 12th century when continental carolingian minuscule ( also known as caroline ) replaced the insular . 
  it 's absolutely the case that the scholars who first latinised the english language were familiar with the written language of the time , that 's why we see a transitional period in the writings . 
  i 'm not guessing anything , you 're the one who is logic guessing in making grandiose claims about how we all once followed the latin pronunciation and some languages shifted and others did n't . 
  that would seriously mean that virtually all germanic languages happened to shift and none of the romance languages did . 
  it 's seriously unbelievable . 
  i was trying to explain to you why the sound associated with - i in english is n't the same as in italian , and why the sound in most germanic languages is only associated with the sound that is used in italian when the vowel is long rather than short ( in which case the english sound is used ) . 
  there is actually a very interesting history behind it and you 've not given that history any credit whatsoever , now you 're claiming i do n't know my shit which is pretty ironic . 
  lol , i await your formal proof that `` backwards language is grammatically consistent/valid '' . 
  also , are you suggesting that syntax is logically necessary ? 
  i 'd like to see your formal proof of that too . 
  i have no idea what you think i 'm saying , but that video just confirmed what i said . 
  i as in `` bit '' ( short vowel ) ee as in `` bee '' ( long vowel ) . 
  that has been my point since the start of this conversation . 
  `` i '' has been used in germanic languages for two different sounds ( bit and bee ) , in romance languages it only corresponds with one sound ( bee ) . 
  in modern english `` i '' is still used for the short sound , just not for the long sound . 
  in most other germanic languages it is still used for both sounds , however many germanic language have an alternative way of writing `` ee '' when it needs to be shown to be long more clearly . 
  in french , spanish , italian and so forth it is only used for what we would consider the long sound .
