  itt : apple fanbois suggesting people only use android because they 're poor . 
  fuck those guys . 
  what a fucking load of shit . 
  in germany iphone is considered a hipster phone . 
  virtually everyone can afford a good phone here and still most prefer android . 
  i see way more s whatevers and galaxies here . 
   most people would buy an iphone if they could afford it . 
  is just what apple fanbois tell themselves at night to convince themselves they 're not being influenced by marketing gimmicks and lifestyle branding . 
  it 's only in america , and to a lesser degree other anglo nations , where this applemania has really gained root . 
  a phone is not a fashion accessory to most people outside these nations , it a tool 's , and iphones are inferior tools . 
  do go fuck yourself . 
  you 've just projected a narrative you 've invented in your own head onto all these people like the massive bellend you are . 
  are you pro forcing vulnerable people to take in lodgers because they have a spare bedroom in their council flat ? 
  are you pro outsourcing the assessment for disability allowance to incompetent private sector companies that have no accountability ? 
  no cunt thinks the world owes them living , some people just quite reasonably do n't want the government to fuck up our society . 
  actions of an extreme minority , i imagine most the people there do n't condone the actions of those people . 
  people are pissed at the edl because of what they stand for , not because they get arrested or vandalise shit . 
  what the fuck is wrong with swearing , the last time i check this is n't the usa and people do n't need to feign insult at the use of swearing . 
  what you said was obviously complete nonsense . 
  let 's break it down . 
   why are people against these cuts ? 
  are these people really so reliant on welfare ? 
  so first piece of stupidity . 
  there is no correlation between being on welfare and being against cuts , your insinuation is nothing more than a attempt to project the idea that the only reason someone would be against cuts is because they personally stand to lose welfare upon which they must be dependent . 
   do they really believe government agencies ca n't be made more efficient ? 
  second piece of stupidity , there is no correlation between believing that government agencies ca n't be made more efficient and thinking austerity is a bad idea . 
  pretty much everyone , regardless of politics would consent to the idea that government agencies can always be made more efficient , and that this is always a good thing . 
  achieving more with the money they have is pretty much the definition of good governance . 
  furthermore you 've conflated `` cuts '' with `` making more efficient '' . 
  cuts will only make the agencies more efficient if somehow they manage to react to the cuts by streamlining and manage to do the same job for less money . 
  what most these people believe i imagine , is that wo n't happen , instead they believe that cuts will reduce the amount of work these agencies will be able to do , leaving society worse off for it . 
  cutting the nhs wo n't lead to better doctoring for less cost , but to more sick people . 
  cutting the police wo n't lead to better policing at less cost , but rather more crime and so on . 
   who do they think actually pays for these services ? 
  they pay for them , everyone pays for them apart from those who do n't pay tax . 
  everyone is in the system together , and even if they 're not currently due to education or unemployment they inevitably will be at some point barring emigration . 
   do they really believe its right or fair that people who work hard and are successful give such huge chunks of their income to fund those that think the world owes them a living ? 
  final piece of absolute crap , an load of nonsense because no reasonable human being believes that taxes are paid to fund people who think the world owes them a living . 
  that money you pay in tax does n't go to be handed off to layabouts who do n't want to work you realise , as you seem to mistakenly believe ? 
  that money goes to a lot of places , it pays for the roads on which you drive , it pays for the military , it pays for the schools your children ( probably ) attend or would attend . 
  what you 're talking about is benefits , and what about those benefits that go to people who need it ? 
  pensions , disability allowance , funding for agencies that do things you rely as a member of british society , education , healthcare , institutions that provide jobs for honest people . 
  do you realise that unemployment benefits make up only a minuscule segment of the budget ? 
  roughly 5 billion a year , less than 1 % of government spending ? 
  the vast majority of recipients being british nationals and the vast majority staying on benefits no longer than 6 months . 
  what else would you consider people who think the world owes them a living ? 
  child allowance ? 
  are we to let children suffer because their parents are n't earning ? 
  disability allowance ? 
  are we to tell the disabled to fuck off and find a job despite being bed ridden ? 
  the only people who could even possibility be defined as `` people who think the world owes them a living '' , are healthy long term receivers of benefits who ca n't or wo n't hold down a job despite having no tangible reason for not being able to do so . 
  well if we break down the budget , and eliminate all the people who have valid justifications for benefits , as well as those people who are merely between jobs , well logically that can only account for about 0.5 % of the budget spending and that 's being generous . 
  so yes , if we got rid of every person who could be considered a scrounger the uk would be a grand 0.5 % richer . 
  i 'm sure that going to considerably affect your lifestyle what with that extra # 100 a year ( assuming you pay # 20,000 a year in tax of course which would make you a rather high earner ) . 
  such a `` huge chunk of income '' as you said . 
  i mean you could buy at least 2 extra xbox games a year with that or eat two fancy dinners for you and a friend of your choice . 
  so the rest of the money you pay in tax will go to justified causes like social services , the disabled , old people , healthcare and so on , and this is where the cuts will be , and this is why people are protesting austerity . 
  does this make sense now ? 
  edit : i 'd also add that i have some respect for tory voters , the ones who can breakdown exactly how they believe austere fiscal policy will lead to a better overall situation for everyone in society , reducing poverty and increasing the well being of the society overall , one 's who legitimately understand and subscribe to an economic model that favours right wing methods . 
  however they seem to be a rare fucking breed . 
  what i do seem to hear a lot of though is the following :, 
  - immigrants are stealing jobs and sapping government resources ( something that can be statistically demonstrated as false ), 
  - brussels bureaucrats are stealing our nationality ( a bizarre subjective claim that means nothing ) , as well not letting us eat bent bananas ( ??? ), 
  - benefits scroungers are stealing my money ( something i 've pretty much outlined as a small fry issue in the grand scheme of things ), 
  - political correctness gone mad ( because the government is in direct control over whether it 's acceptable to say gollywog on television any more right ? ), 
  - and worst of all them , the `` fuck you i 've got mine jack '' types who think `` well i 'm well off and i 'll be marginally better off under the tories due to already having my money in the bank so who cares '' , the kinds who wank themselves off to thatcher telling us there is `` no such thing as society '' every night and really not give a fuck about the state of the nation provided they 're ok . 
  sadly as a nation we are becoming more and more like america . 
  no longer is politics so much about different people disagreeing on the right course of action to achieve a shared desired outcome . 
  rather it 's become about about people spout oversimplified ideological narratives like `` immigrants are ruining britain and took our jerbs '' and `` it 's scroungers keeping britain down '' . 
  it 's about channelling an emotion through an image such as the romanian who does n't speak the language getting the job over the earnest british good ol' boy , or the drug dealing chav claiming job seekers on top of his illicit earnings , or the benefits cheat claiming benefits at three different addresses , the shopaholic who has 15 maxed out credit cards to buy new clothes with . 
  likewise the left is guilty of this too , projecting hate onto the imaginary champagne drinking toff banker amassing bonuses in full knowledge that what he 's doing is unsustainable , or the upper middle class property owner pushing the working class out of their area in the name of gentrification . 
  truth is there no reason why ca n't have both a prosperous economy and a solid welfare state , but rather than working towards this it seems far too many people seem to be focussed on blaming the imaginary `` other '' for all the problems and asserting that if people subscribed to their ideology it would be like the imaginary `` good old days '' of british affluence . 
  you 're circle jerking so hard right now i 'm surprising you 've got fingers spare to type that load of shit out . 
  in germany , in the high end phone market , contracts that cost the same as an iphone or more than an iphone , more people choose other brands than choose the iphone . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  nobody wants shitty apple product with restrictive os 's that you ca n't even use mp3s for ringtones on . 
  now fuck off . 
  well no correlation is probably a bad way to put it . 
  what i mean is that it 's not remotely necessary to be a welfare recipient to be against cuts , i mean more welfare recipients are probably against cuts percentage wise than people who are n't , just as more millionaires are against taxings high earners than those who are ` t , but i think you 'll find most the people who are against cuts are not welfare recipients themselves . 
  furthermore i think everyone can consent to the statement `` if government agencies were more often to achieve their goals per pound of public funding they received this would be a good thing '' , so in this sense literally everyone wants government agencies to be more efficient . 
  even if as you seem to be claiming you do n't see a great need for that to happen . 
  however i 'd say it 's wrong to believe at least some government agencies do n't need improving . 
  the uk is still behind many other countries in areas such as child welfare , the treatment of various illnesses , people living below the international poverty line and so forth . 
  these are all issues that need to be addressed , fixing them will lead to a better situation for the country . 
  now you say you do n't believe agencies will attempt to become more efficient , putting it down to poor managerial civil servants . 
  so why are you saying well i do n't think they 'll do the job properly therefore fuck them ? 
  surely the issue here that everyone should be agreeing on is that if civil servants are failing to respond to pressure to improve services , why are they doing so ? 
  surely in other countries they do certain things more successfully , why are n't we copying them then ? 
  seems to bme that there is often a defeatist attitude in right wing politics of `` well people ca n't be trusted to do anything so do n't try '' . 
  i really do n't see how it 's going to help anyone by taking an inefficient government department and making it into a smaller inefficient government department . 
  we should be innovation a better system and not buying into american style `` small government '' politics , we should be more like the germans and demanding value for money instead . 
  i 'll also remind you that labour was a massive fan of tax breaks for corporations . 
  however the tories were the first to put vat up to 20 % , on of the biggest factors for any small limited company . 
  i do n't think what you 're saying is really true . 
  frankly , in my opinion people put way too much focus on how much tax they are paying rather than what they 're getting in return , it really does n't matter if you pay 50 % tax or 10 % , what matter is value for money , if you 're getting a social utopia where everyone 's needs are met for 50 % tax that 's great you 're actually economically better off for it , just as if you 're paying 10 % tax but there 's a no employment and the economy is so strong even someone working part time in mcdonalds can afford comprehensive health care and a high standard of living that 's fine too . 
  the problem is with globalisation is a bit of a race to the bottom to attract foreign labour and capital , and this is actually fucking over the british people and there 's little we can do about it . 
  finally i 'll just say i am thinking about the long term welfare of the uk as well . 
  however personally as someone who would roughly be described as economically centre left and socially liberal the best way to do keep the money flowing . 
  the problem in my opinion is that far to much of the uk voting influence is based on savers . 
  older people with houses , investments and private pensions .
