  it 's like we only want to celebrate genius and natural talents but forget that a society needs ordinary people to work to become the best they can be too , and i mean that in the sense of intellectually , not just in terms of how much money they can earn a year . 
  it 's a sorry state affairs when in comes to educational level of the british general public ( our intelligentsia of course remains one of the brightest ) , you 'd think a culture so steeped in naval tradition would but a nation disposed towards languages , sadly it seems the dutch have the market on that . 
  soaps in most languages use something much closer to everyday vernacular . 
  if you spoke like people in eastenders then you 'd sound passably like someone from east london , albeit with a slightly dodgy accent and perhaps a few overly dramatic turns of phrase . 
  except most of soaps in the uk are n't like that . 
  most of the language is standard , and then occasionally you get a dramatic scene , but the majority of what you 'd learn would be fine if spoken in real life . 
  not really that hard to understand most of it . 
  legal drugs does not necessarily mean greater amounts of irresponsible public intoxication . 
  of all the drugs that might have a social harm effect , i think coke is the only one that could have a negative social effect in the same way as alcohol ( greater than what we have ) , not because doing excessive amounts of the stuff makes you as dangerous as a drug , but rather because it allows people to drink more and when combined certainly does nothing to make drinkers less aggressive and possibly makes it worse . 
  alternatively , the availability of other substances might reduce binge drinking behaviour and actually have a positive impact how people behave while going out to become intoxicated . 
  and yellow press is a term that means tabloid shite apparently . 
  not a term i 've heard used before . 
  well that 's the problem with trying to produce a faithful close translation , often it 's just like `` yeah that makes sense but nobody would ever say that '' . 
  federal prisons are notoriously better than state prisons though . 
  lots of lifers who are never getting out and are just trying to make the most of their lives in prison . 
  more segregation and more warden control over the day to day life of prisoners . 
  better funding that does n't depend on the state budget . 
  ultimately a lower rate of rape than in state prisons where many wardens turn a blind eye . 
  state prisons , especially in the south , are horrific . 
  i believe is comes from frisian languages that came over in a major wave of settlement . 
  it 's just a myth based entirely on one feature that american english preserved , rhoticity , there are plenty of bullshit articles online promoting the theory but linguists do n't agree . 
  i think both david crystal and john wells have written about it and they 're definitely the experts on english dialects . 
  america had huge waves of european immigration between the point of settlement and today , the uk did not . 
   as long as it 's rhotic ( i 'm in the us and we love rhotic sounds ) . 
  why even bother with rhotic in the us when half of all english dialects lack it anyway . 
  it 's incredibly prescriptive of you to tell them to use it which seems surprising from someone who is allegedly into linguistics . 
  in europe we teach british english , but it 's not like we tell them not to speak non-rhotically , it 's a choice we leave entire up on them based on what 's easiest . 
  furthermore , non-rhotic ! = different than other sounds . 
  non-rhotic speakers represent post-vocalic - r entirely using a completely different set of true ( rather than - r coloured ) vowels . 
  honestly the fact that us jail time is seen as a much greater punishment is fucked up . 
  nobody should be extradited to the us to serve their punishment , the extradition should mean that once convicted in the us they serve their time in the uk . 
  sending someone to a us prison is a violation of their human rights . 
   it also helps me know if they 're having trouble saying ending consonant sounds , or if they 're having trouble separating / r / from other sounds , like / l / or / w, 
  that is objectively irrelevant , if they 're rendering - ar , for example , as / \u0251 : / ( or even \u00e4  instead of / ae / that it should be perfectly clear . 
  i have a similar job as you mate . 
  many of my students are looking to further studies . 
  many the uk , but it 's not like i teach them to speak non-rhotically , it 's assumed that rhotic speakers will be understood . 
  that said , i 've noticed many americans have a far lower comprehension tolerance when it comes to accents compared to most britons . 
  plenty of americans seem to be confused by what i 'd considered pretty clear accents e.g standard irish / australian , and it can only be from sheer unfamiliarity . 
  i 'm not being hard , but honestly brexit has made be think we need to be hard on each other . 
  i live in germany and i can see how the society constantly pressures people to be the best they can be by having high standards . 
  and no , everything is not perfect and there 's plenty of thinks that british culture does better than germany , but i really think british society has lost it 's way in terms of pride and and cooperation to excel as a nation on a global scale . 
  it 's almost as if british people never really found there place once the legacy of world world two stopped being relevant . 
  in the aftermath we had a boom but in the 70s we stopped being able to understand the geopolitical narrative properly because we were stuck in the mode in which we were the victors and therefore should being receiving the spoils . 
  in reality we were decimated and have struggled to understand our post-war identity ever since . 
  sadly it seems that for a large swathes of the british population globalism and multiculturalism were the death tolls for the notion of working together and you end up with growing populism in the working class and increasingly apathy towards the interest of the less fortunate in the upper middle and upper classes . 
  the former despairing at how ignored and excluded they feel , the latter prioritising the what they see as the ideal course for the nation economically without actually think that the poor are n't on board with the idea , losing their support , and patronising any suggestion that there may be a problem , which in turn only makes the poor more cynical and thus willing to believe radical and ruthless narratives . 
  i 'm not looking at the grass , i 'm on the other side of the post and i 'm looking back and think it would n't be so bad if the people living their could just see it from the other side . 
  if anything i hope brexit is going to wake britain the fuck up when they suddenly have to start caring what the rest of the world thinks which may return us to a more sophisticated level of political discourse . 
  noting like a bit of fear of the enemy to engage peoples primal survival drives which may well result in some more reasoned approaches to britain 's place within a global community . 
  if we look back at british tradition , during most of british history languages were a massive part of british life . 
  we were a nation of merchants and sailors . 
  for most of our history our academics were taught languages not necessarily even for communicative purposes e.g latin ( at least after it ceased to be a lingua franca , which was later french and then english ) . 
  many a focus on languages breed a more intelligent society . 
  one with a deeper understanding of nuance and perspective . 
  just look at brexit as proof of how susceptible the british public currently are to rhetoric . 
  these are instructions for foreign fucking tea . 
  mods ban this shit !, 
  grantham is a bit boring mate i 'm afraid . 
  that of the uk is a bit out of the way from the the major uk hubs . 
  it does n't have a motorway ( what you 'd call a highway/freeway ) running to it so it 's a bit of a drive on rural roads to get there . 
  i 'd describe the countryside as relatively flat but rugged in places ( although that 's `` english rugged '' , not american wilderness rugged ) . 
  incidentally the last person i knew who lived there was also american , drawn by the very englishness of it all . 
  i 'd say the weather is pretty average for the uk , it 's quite far north so you do n't get the warmest weather in the uk with the continental summers like they sometimes do on the south coast , however it 's relatively quite far east , which means rain coming off the atlantic has to travel across the whole country + ireland to reach you , the down side of this inland dryness is that if it snows you 'll probably be worse affected . 
  i 'm just going to do this as bullet points . 
  - quaint charm in town and surrounding area, 
  - only 30 minute drive from the sea side, 
  - decent but unspectacular countryside, 
  - low crime rate on national level, 
  - not the rainiest part of the uk, 
  - on a major trainline running south to london and north to yorkshire . 
  cons, 
  - not the most well connected place by car, 
  - nearest big city is nottingham and well , nottingham can be nice but it 's not even a top tier provincial uk city . 
  - not exactly much going on compared to more major uk provincial cities ; little by way of nightlife and cuisine, 
  - quite mono-cultural compared to much of the uk, 
  - farmer and rural types all over the place , you 're going to have fun with some of their accents . 
  - can get cold in winter compared to more southerly and westerly parts . 
  if you 're outdoorsy types who just want a get a house with a decent amount of space , with an englishman 's home is his castle mentality ( i know you 're not english but it 's part of integrating ! ), 
  and are happy not being near the `` action '' and will drive everywhere for things like shopping , then great . 
  however , if you 're cultural types who like french cinema and want a lot of nightlife and cultural events i 'm afraid it 'll be slim pickings ; it does n't really get more middle england than this . 
  cosmopolitan it is not . 
  all in all it 's the kind of place you go if you want to escape the complicated life and claim a bit of traditional rural england for yourself . 
  the a1 is fucking horrible though . 
  i used to do that drive a fair bit and it 's the best place in the uk to get stuck behind two lorries trying to race each other , not to mention the incredibly dated junctions that have you crossing two lanes of traffic coming the other direction at 80 mph . 
  i also used to approach the place from the west midlands a lot too , and that whole m69  m1  through leicester and ne takes far longer than you 'd think given the distances on the map due to the poor infrastructure . 
  plethora ? 
  no way . 
  far too tinny !, 
  lol mate you make me laugh . 
  to be fair they were never going to allow another indyref until this whole brexit malarky is settled , and honestly i do n't think that 's a bad thing , we 're in a cloud of uncertainty and riding that to scottish independence would be populism in the same way that brexit was in the first place . 
  better to see how the uk actually ends up before having another indyref . 
  ge however is something that will impact how brexit happens in a big way . 
  may is obviously looking for a proper mandate to pointlessly severe ties with europe , knows there will be adverse consequences , and thus needs to the backing of a ge to stop a backlash later on down the line . 
  it also gives anti-brexit side a chance to show how strongly they feel . 
  i predict a conservative win regardless , but if that majority is weakened rather than strengthened then it will be a good indicator that the will of the people is not fully behind may 's cuckoo plans . 
  your first sentence means humans need double the quantity of water . 
  `` twice '' here functions as an adjective modifying the noun , specifically telling us more about the quantity of water the noun refers to . 
  `` twice as much as animals '' is a property of the water that humans need . 
  the second sentence means humans need of water is twice as great as that of other animals .
