  stop making it about you . 
  you 're like the fat girl at the birthday party ... 
  napkin is n't american , it 's more common in the uk than serviette, 
  they pronounce it wrong though ; /, 
  in english it 's ... uh ... `` thing that computes '' , we seem to be forgetting that . 
  xkcd bot why hast thou forsaken us ? 
  says the man who thinks `` your english is aids '' is ok but does n't like `` chav '' . 
  i 'm sorry the world bullies you for being a brain dead moron with less taste than jimmy saville . 
  all those sovereign rings must be cutting off the blood flow to your brain you council estate rat . 
  i would feel for you but it 's your own fault for not trying harder in school i 'm afraid . 
  this one thousand times over . 
  whenever i get a voicemail i know it 's someone over the age of 60 contacting me . 
  this is n't some big mystery . 
  in the olden days women were n't seen as being self-sufficient , there were n't protected in society and could be raped and exploited more readily . 
  therefore they were dependent on men , their fathers or husbands for survival . 
  being dependent they were thought of as lesser . 
  so many ridiculous narratives about the patriarchy creating this as a myth to keep women down . 
  absolutely not , whilst there were some strong women throughout history they were always exceptions who able to hold power because of the society around them that supported their position . 
  come to germany . 
  beer is part of a traditional bavarian breakfast . 
  that said , before work is probably a bad idea . 
  to be fair it 's meant to be the same for men . 
  bachelor = master , married = mr. 
  when i was younger my letters would always be addressed to me as master . 
  i was brought up to see having a bath as completely normal way of washing as an alternative to a shower . 
  however i 've also come across this prejudice . 
  showers are just for women and children apparently . 
  i 've also heard some irrational germophobic types describe it as bathing in one 's own filth . 
  just good manners . 
  i do n't really see a slut as someone who has a lot of sex , but someone who is dishonest about relationships , two timing , sleeping with people then regretting it , being irresponsible about sexual health , someone who is generally sexually out of control . 
  that 's how i 've always perceived slutty behaviour . 
  someone who claims to love their partner but then can be tempted into a threesome in the back of dirty van once they had three or four drinks . 
  no , i lived in the uk at the time . 
  wow people are getting mad over this . 
  both the for and against sides . 
  ca n't we all agree that just chucking it in the bin is kind of wasteful , but obviously donating it to charity is quite unrealistic with the arrangements they 'll have with suppliers . 
  [ but then the gays got married ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7yw045deby ), 
  you 're actually right . 
  earl grey should n't be drunk with milk unless you want a rank grey liquid . 
  it 's simply bad form to drink it with milk . 
  however it 's not a particularly british thing to drink . 
  a house provided by the council ? 
  do n't try stewart lee on a default sub , people do n't get it 's meant to be tongue in cheek . 
  ... cough ... 
  in mass , yes indeed . 
  logic much ? 
  nothing surprises me with apple any more . 
  it 's perfectly evident that people buy apple because of the brand and the sleekness of the cases and nothing more . 
  my ex-girlfriend was an apple user and she used it as a facebook machine , when it broke she 'd give to the apple geniuses and wait for them to send it back or her parents would buy her a new one . 
  # 1000 a pop and they handed over the cash like it was nothing . 
  why is anything good manners ? 
  it symbolises respect , like putting your hand over your mouth when you yawn or taking off your sunglasses when you want to have a frank conversation with someone . 
  it does n't actually do anything , it 's a gesture of respect . 
  i do n't understand . 
  you say you are very good with computers yet you get viruses ? 
  i can honestly say i 've never had a virus except when i 've pirated some software i should n't . 
  even then it 's never taken me long to remove it even when i 've had ones that lock my entire system up and try to ransom me . 
  furthermore is this minor inconvenience really worth the hundreds of whatever currency you use extra cost for a machine that performs the same . 
  i mean you 're running a windows os for fuck 's sake , and what 's more is that running this os in a virtual environment makes that environment just as susceptible to viruses as if you were running windows on non-apple hardware . 
  you may as well be running another version of windows in an virtual environment on a windows laptop and could have the same protection for half the cost . 
  i mean it 's fucking insane considering how much you pay for so little benefit oo ? 
  i did n't say it 's not popular , i just do n't think it 's as classically british as tea with milk . 
  like darjeeling , it 's a popular tea all over . 
  i really do n't agree , master continues until you 're at least 16 , nobody 's calling a 11 year old mr. 
  i see . 
  i read it like were saying you had a macbook with a windows vm . 
  well i still do n't think the risk of viruses is really as troublesome as you make out . 
  with the money saved you could even afford to get your pc fixed by someone who knows what they 're doing . 
  maybe if you were really rich , completely hopeless with computers and used your computer for nothing but basic internet browsing and word processing a mac would be the choice for you . 
  still seems like a massive waste of money to me . 
  if it makes you feel any better men who could be targeted for exploitation and could n't defend resources were also thought of as lesser , as were old and young people . 
  everything in history was about power , and men almost always had more power on the basis of sexual dimorphism alone . 
  there 's a na\u00efvety to the idea that people in the past should 've played fair , that 's not how human society came to exist . 
  furthermore it 's wrong to put the blame on men . 
  there were women that due to social hierarchies held power , and they maintained the by being as ruthless and exploitative as any man . 
  it 's simply how the worked for almost all its history . 
  i think you must have some brain damage . 
  as far as authors go he was very successful and compared to 99.99 % of the books published his were massively widely read . 
  85 million books sold worldwide and translated into 37 languages . 
  by comparison grr martin has probably only sold fewer than half that many . 
  2nd most popular author in the uk after jk rowling . 
  why do n't you pull your head out our ass and think about that for moment . 
  you must be fucking retarded , so you expect the whole world to read a book ? 
  apparently you 're not very good at maths because 85 million still is enough books for 1.21 % of the entire world to read one of his books . 
  do you not think that 's remarkable ? 
  i 'd like to see you do better . 
  85 million puts him in a list of the top few hundred authors in the whole of human history . 
  85 million is like over 1/4 of the us buying a book . 
  even jk rowling the most successful author of the last few decades sold around 400 million . 
  85 million almost puts him on par with legends like ian flemming and lewis carroll . 
  the fact is you 're showing yourself to be a typical ignorant low class fucknut , since i imagine if there were a hollywood film version of his books then would n't be being so dismissive . 
  it 's not our fault you 're an illiterate shitcunt . 
  fuck of you horse fucking twatmouth . 
  there 's no book in the world the majority of people have read . 
  nor is there a film the majority has seen , you 're just demonstrating your cunty ignorance here . 
  you 're probably only capable of reading some dan brown dross about famous men looking at red cups . 
  i bet if this was about a film from some shit for brains hollywood wanker you would n't object . 
  pratchett is obviously famous enough to get on the the front page of reddit , so why do n't you take your minority opinion ( for reddit ) and shove it up your loose saggy arsehole ? 
  albanian master race , suck it americunts !, 
  cars that do n't suck .
