  yeah but nobody knew that at the time . 
  even these days the only reason smaller nations do n't get invaded all the time is because of strong military alliances like nato . 
  nobody knew hitler 's intentions and nobody foresaw what would happen . 
  as far they were concerned it was a choice between war with europe 's biggest land power or like the czech republic becomes german and quite possibly avoid war altogether . 
  similarly why did n't america send over her forces the moment britain declared war on germany ? 
  people look after themselves , and it 's only because of careful balance of power that we even have peace in our time . 
  the tragedy of the modern rave . 
  ca n't even freak out a bit without eye-rolling preening self-conscious teen onlookers making a big deal of it . 
  seriously , guy 's having the time of his life . 
  respect to him . 
  he said `` that certainly be yep very different '' . 
  he certainly did n't say `` not '' . 
  the most disturbing realisation is understanding really understanding cartesian doubt in my opinion . 
  the reality is that most people will never understand it and do n't want to , and in many ways you ca n't blame them . 
  lots of people ca n't understand it even if they want to , and many of those that could would rather not . 
  it 's easy to read it as a corny story that really has no bearing in real life , but if you think a great deal about it 's implications it really does make things confusing . 
  it 's that realisation that the truth is anything but self-evident . 
  that knowledge is not `` obvious '' or `` common sense '' , but rather axiomatic , dependent on a foundation of assumptions which when questioned can make even the craziest notions seem plausible . 
  it 's the awareness that people of previous generations were just as intelligent as we are , but were simply working from a different set of axioms that made their beliefs in many ways rational . 
  those people massacring whole communities for sacrilege or burning witches really did believe their behaviour was rational and you almost certain would 've done the same had you lived in those times . 
  it 's the awareness that we are really all just locked in our experiential shell ( assuming other people exist at all ) and that it 's only from that that we derive all our beliefs and knowledge about the universe . 
  it 's knowing that it is this world of experience , from which we derive everything we believe to be true , our seemingly inexplicable emotional states and experiences having just as much bearing on us as the visual perceptions we experience when we open our eyes , and in knowing that the terrifying realisation that the people in charge of the world are just as much part of this mysterious experiential world as we are . 
  it 's the realisation that the world is nothing more than strange objects and shapes onto which we project meaning , something that defies all attempts at definition . 
  that something as simple as a sign post defies all attempts of physical description . 
  that there really is so much that we ca n't explain , and that while we can get on with the project of expanding our knowledge , and in doing so expand our ability to manipulate the world , we 've little idea of how all is coheres with our existence as strange things that exist in way that is very different from most of the universe we see around us . 
  in many ways it makes you better understand how conspiracy theorists , religious fanatics , and straight up crazies think , because once you start questioning those core principles what becomes true or rational shifts dramatically . 
  as people we 're really just navigating this mess and the world is really just split between those who never questioned and dogmatically accepted , those that questioned and went awry , and those that questioned and managed to survive it . 
  why not both ? 
  ( sadly the answer is the quota obsessed anti-immigration lot ), 
  i ca n't help but feel your hope that brexit would result in great access for immigrants to british markets is tragically misplaced , and that if anything brexit will have the opposite effect . 
  woah woah , let 's not lay too much weight on in superficial academic differences in philosophical or legal traditions . 
  the only real differences of relevance are to do with modern political outlook . 
  that 's just a false equality then . 
  you 're also totally ignoring that fact that the only reason freedom of movement is possible with europe is because of the approximate economic equality across the eu 28 . 
  it 's a careful balance of gdp and population . 
  if we opened freedom of movement across the whole world the uk would really be flooded by people escaping poverty in the third world as of course there are billions of people around the world , many living in much worse situations . 
  the whole point of the eu was allow free of movement within europe on top of , rather instead of , the normal amount of immigration we 'd accept . 
  the truly fair option would be to retain freedom of movement while keeping immigration from outside the eu at the same levels as it would be without it . 
  that would be the best way to let britain evolve into the truly international world class economy it should be . 
  that 's not remotely the same as opening ourselves up for freedom of movement to the whole world , which is obviously impossible . 
  the problem with that though is all the anti-immigration types who say that our culture is being eroded or that immigrants are somehow stealing our money . 
  this whole argument that it 's unfair is really nothing more than one group of saying , you 've got a toy that kid does n't , so i 'm going to smash it to make it fair . 
  the worst thing about may is that she 's an openly christian traditionalist . 
  to her things like drugs are immoral because they distract people from the natural life god has apparently gifted us . 
  her morals are n't guided by the no harm principle but rather by some indefinable notion of moral right and wrong felt in the gut rather than calculated in the head . 
  she 's anti-online privacy , anti-porn , parochial towards drugs , and anti-foreigner . 
  she clearly shares the brexiteers dreaming of returning to some kind of idealised notion of britain in the past . 
  hate to say it , but at least cameron was more a compromise ideologically between the traditionalism and progressive . 
  do n't get me wrong , they 're both tories and they 're both liable to sell out working people just to get a small boost to gdp at every opportunity , but at least cameron was more `` new tory '' and balanced that with modernisation to some degree . 
  may is clearly a scary nutjob who nobody messed with in the cabinet during her time as home secretary because of her inscrutable moral agenda . 
  because of how shamelessly it tries to exploit and glamorise political dissatisfaction to sell carbonated beverages in a way that 's totally detached from any political message whatsoever . 
  edit : just to be clear i 'm not offended ... 
  i just think it 's a hilarious misjudgement of public taste . 
  the advertising creative who came up with it must be feeling pretty shit right now . 
   daughter of a church of england vicar, 
   pope, 
  pick one . 
  is it that hard to see that religion means different things to different people and that people need to stop pulling out these no true scotsman arguments ? 
  that 's because you 're looking at nominal figures . 
  all that matters is ppp figures . 
  poland 's gdp ( ppp ) is 26k us dollars , the uk 's is 41k . 
  that means the mean average person can afford 26k us dollars at american prices worth of stuff a year , whereas the average briton can buy 41k 's worth . 
  yes there is inequality within the eu but it 's far less significant than you think . 
  you might be tempted to point out that many eu migrants tend send their money back to families in poland or are saving to buy houses there . 
  but temporary stayers are actually some of the most profitable immigrants because they pay tax here but do n't tend to grow old here or have children here , those stages of life being the vastly most expensive for any government . 
   additionally , there is good reason for immigrations caps , this prevents among other things housing shortages, 
  alternatively the government could get off it 's harsh and fund that shit effectively as they do almost all other european countries . 
   mass unemployment, 
  block of labour fallacy . 
  all sensible economic theory shows that immigrants increase the number of jobs by growing the economy and putting more in than they take out . 
  for every immigrant that comes to the uk that 's a life time of tax that 's in the bank . 
  amazingly it 's very hard to go through your life without earning anything or paying any tax , and eu migrants have been shown to contribute more than they take . 
   and any kind of service to help immigrants being stretched to the breaking point, 
  the immigrants come , and put more money into the system than they take out , which in turn we use to fund services to help immigrants which lets the next lot come etc. 
  they are literally paying for themselves . 
  another irony is that eu migrants are less dependent on services than many coming from further afield . 
  most of the people coming from the eu have been through an education system similar to our own , and thus have marketable skills . 
  we also know that they 'll have learnt english in school etc. 
  this is the problem with the brexiteers , they 're not even good economists . 
  brexit will likely only benefit a small number of industries at the expense of the rest of them . 
  everyone interprets religion differently . 
  part of why it 's dangerous . 
  probably feeling both shit and unemployed to be honest !, 
  she 'd be correct were she in the uk . 
  it 's still not `` technically '' correct in british english . 
  same for `` dove '' instead of `` dived '' . 
  still who gives a fuck . 
  probably born poor then got into drugs . 
  no parents willing to bail him out . 
  no money to get place , no patience to go through the long and arduous bureaucratic process of getting housed somewhere . 
  when someone like that is homeless it 's usually because their priorities have shifted . 
  you can be as intelligent and capable as you like but if you decide you 're better off sleeping rough close to the source of your drugs than scraping your way back to civilisation with a shitty job and government assistance then it wo n't make a difference . 
  a huge number of the homeless people who get housed end up deserting the places after a few weeks , even after months of waiting and paperwork to get it . 
  it 's just the sad reality of dealing with people who 've adjusted to a lifestyle society deems unacceptable . 
  as i said , people interpret religion differently . 
  not every nominal coe listens to the archbishop . 
  lol wtf mate i ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic or not but no if you believe that 's a `` horrific and deadly evil '' then you 're just as insane as she is . 
  nah mate , you 're total bollox . 
  it 's a pretty common pattern amongst the homeless , no family or family that ca n't or wo n't bail them out , drug habit , and adjustment to a vagrant life style . 
  i know people who work with the homeless and they say it 's hard to understand why people return to the life over and over again but it 's ingrained .
