  why on earth have a dry wedding ? 
  obviously you have to pay lip service to the couple 's requests , although i reserve the right to think they 're tosspots if they 're overly controlling . 
  also , if someone has a dry wedding , they must either be in aa meetings or religious , i see no other reason why someone would have a dry wedding , never heard of such a thing until this post . 
  sure , nobody needs alcohol to have fun . 
  you do n't need meat to make a curry either , but it sure tastes better if you do . 
  i can understand not drinking at your wedding if you 're not a drinker , but enforcing that rule on other people seems almost childish imo . 
  i think it might be yet another us vs uk difference . 
  please do n't . 
  kind regards - all the people who live in places with strangely pronounced names, 
  if newfoundland was a place in the uk i 'd pronounce exactly how it 's meant to be pronounced . 
  sometimes i just assume if it 's somewhere in the colonies then it 'll be pronounced incorrectly . 
  had the same problem with melbourne , thought the aussies would say mel-born , but it 's actually pronounced mel-bun , which is exactly what i 'd call it if it were a uk city . 
  nyew - fun ( d ) - lund would be the british pronunciation in the uk . 
  there 's a strange logic to the way uk place names are pronounced , but once you get it you can get right 95 % of the time . 
  still there 's a view that are counter-intuitive , i mean how the hell do you think one pronounced cholmondley ? 
  cockney used to be associated with inner city london . 
  over the past few decades there 's been a phenomena whereby the people in the areas typically associated with cockneys in the past have started to speak differently , and the styles of speaking associated with cockney have only been preserved in the eastern outskirts of the city and in places like essex . 
  community identity , immigration , and gentrification all played their part in this , but ultimately you find the highest density of cockneys further east these days , at least from a linguistic perspective . 
  lol , `` in the same vein '' and `` in vain '' are different . 
  it 's one of the most popular names in the uk , yet only 4 % of the population are muslim , i guess that proves that muslims are unoriginal baby namers . 
  no , a small percentage of racist white people are moving house because they do n't like the fact that there 's so many brown people in their poor inner city area these days . 
  then they go on racist facebook groups like britain first and claim to be fleeing a muslim invasion . 
  it 's fucking stupid . 
  it 's like someone who lives in brooklyn claiming there 's been a black invasion . 
   leader of the free world . 
  lol, 
  lol what ? 
  except the uk has about 14 times the population of alabama and 14 times the gdp . 
  they 'd be the practically same probably , assuming no brexit , trump own fucking golf courses in the uk and a bunch of other shit, 
  is ok , all sorted now :d, 
  this wo n't be easy , ultimately there 's the au pair route where you will be staying with a family in return for working for them , doing chores , picking up kids and so forth . 
  this is nice because it sorts out your accommodation , pays a small amount , and gets you straight into the national culture . 
  the downside is that you stay with a family in a spare room , and they might be horrible people ( or they might be lovely ) , some families will expect way more than others in my experience , some make you work an hour or two a day , others will treat you like a maid . 
  otherwise you 'll find it hard to find someone who is interested in employing a 17 year old foreigners who 's only in the country for 90s days . 
  ordinary jobs like waiter or retail are n't really an option , it 'll take weeks to find one and if you let slip that you plan to return to italy in a couple of months they would n't employ you anyway . 
  for accommodation you could look for a cheap airbnb or something that might give you a decent deal on a 3 month stay . 
  there may well be somewhere that offers eu citizens short periods of employment and accommodation so they can come over and practise their language skills , but i do n't know of any i 'm afraid . 
  maybe you could see if there 's any work in summer youth programmes . 
  some institutions , such as further education colleges , run programmes throughout the summer where parents can drop their children for the day and they do various activities like sports and arts and crafts , maybe you could find seasonal work doing that . 
  you could also look into any summer erasmus programmes , that might be an easier route . 
  you did n't say where in the uk you 're moving to , this will be a big factor in regard to the availability of it work . 
  some many right wing types do n't seem to get this . 
  if you give them an example where the free market has done this , they 'll always blame some other factor and claim the market was never truly `` free '' . 
  the free market to some right wing thinkers is like some utopia we can never truly achieve , when things go right it was because the market was freer , and when things go wrong it 's because the promised land of a free market was n't achieved . 
  a unregulated market will eventually tend towards whatever makes the most money for the power players in that market , which is a cartel with price fixing . 
  some people then claim this market is n't free because of the cartel , not understanding that it 's still a free market because it 's not being regulated by outside forces , just because people within the market form a cartel does n't mean the market is n't free . 
  additionally , people will argue that a cartel is impossible in a truly free market , because someone will undercut the cartel for greater profits . 
  what they do n't understand is that it 's easy for a cartel to implement barriers to this , even without the help of government regulations . 
  they can isolate products and services a competitor would need and control that ( especially easy if the market for those products and services are smaller than the market the cartel serves ) , they can keep you out of the market without the need to bribe politicians into passing favourable laws for them ( although in reality they do that too ) . 
  the free market zealot will then say if it was a totally free market then the cartel would n't be able to control the resources , products , and services needed to compete with them , because new competitors would just pop up in these markets to fill demand created by people competing with the cartel . 
  this gets the chicken before the egg , because you need to start competing and making money in order to create that demand , the alternative is having a huge amount of investment , which means the barrier for ordinary people like you and me is huge , and even for the super rich the risk is massive . 
  furthermore , the idea that supplier will just pop up to meet your demand is just wishful thinking , because the companies that supply the cartel will also be trying to keep competitors out of their own markets , and be forming their own cartels . 
  it also fails to understand that this is a finite economy , and the likelihood of a whole chain of new competitors springing up in order to supply your company so it can compete with a cartel is just massively improbable . 
  there 's only so much pie and it 's only worth so much money to try to steal a slice . 
  the myth of the free market being the perfect system has its grounds in a time when 1 . 
  there were loads of unexplored frontiers offering seemingly limitless wealth and opportunity 2 . 
  the economy was a lot simpler and did n't rely on so many millions of people and skills coming together to produce the end product . 
  back then it was simple , if shoemakers were selling poor quality shoes and all raising their prices , become that one guy who makes better shoes and sells at a smaller margin , and soon you 'll be the most popular shoemaker in the town . 
  if you did n't have much money to start with then open a shoe stand in the market , then move to a shoe shop , soon you 'll own a chain of shoe shops . 
  modern economics does not work under these idealistic conditions . 
  the cost of market entry is vastly higher , the chain from resource to product too long to be managed by anything but a huge number of people . 
  people need to stop conflating the free market and competition , competition is almost always good , but the free market does not guarantee competition . 
  in fact an uncompetitive market can be caused by both a lack of , or an excess of , regulation . 
  what a load of bollocks , debt does n't mean bad . 
  in fact , the reason the us is able to sustain such a high percentage of debt to gdp ratio is because 1 . 
  the economy is productive and therefore raises lots in taxes to pay the interest on the national debt 2 . 
  the global banking and business community puts a lot of faith in the us and trusts the us dollar regardless of the ratio . 
  on the whole it 's the poorer nations that have a low ratio , because nobody has faith in their ability to pay it off due to the instability of their economies , soon as it goes higher the world loses faith in their currency 's stability . 
  the only exception to this is certain countries like norway who know they 'll be rich regardless so opt for system that is utterly secure . 
  also fyi when they talk about privatising the nhs they are not talking about implementing a us style of health insurance . 
  what they are talking about is having hospitals ran by private companies paid for by the government . 
  that does n't mean individuals paying for the health insurance , it means that big companies vying for public contracts to provide free on demand healthcare , and people are losing their shit just about that because everyone prefers it nationalised . 
  no government would ever suggest a healthcare system that was n't free on demand in the uk . 
  the currently government is just dogmatically neocon and thinks that private companies can do a better job with public money than a nationalised institution , however we 've seen how that worked out with the british rail system so it 's an incredibly unpopular idea . 
  globally it can be hard , sure , but on a smaller scale it 's really not as difficult . 
  in the uk the major supermarkets have formed a cartel when it comes to fruit and vegetables for example , it 's literally impossible for any independent company to sell fruit and vegetables at a lower price . 
  they achieve this with just some clever manipulation of the producers , and some clever contracts ensuring they wo n't sell to anyone else . 
  in a free market two parties are free to enter into a contract , so it 's still free market economics . 
  if the government were to step in and stop them from using these contracts , that would be regulation , and that would be the opposite of a free market . 
  also that fact that it 's difficult should n't be the first thought , of course it 's difficult with billions of dollar at stake , if anyone sees an in that would allow them to join the market they 'll take it and even risk millions to do so because the rewards are so high , but with those billions you can buy the brightest minds to design policy to maintain your cartel . 
  in reality it 's a constant war to control markets , a cartel ca n't just rest on its laurels believing the market wo n't change , but whilst it constantly strives to maintain a monopoly it 's well within the realms of possibility that it will succeed in doing so for a very long time . 
  yes , but bear in mind that the those countries you mention did n't suddenly come close to defaulting because of over spending in the public sector , they did so because of the vacuum in the economy left most by uk and us banks toxic debt . 
  nobody predicted the recession with any kind of certainty , their budgets were based around the forecast for the economy at the time . 
  all those countries were counting on constant stream of capital from the us and uk economies to power their economic growth . 
  when you turn off the tap at the source then economies further down the stream are often the worst hit . 
  also all countries create their own money , it 's not just the us , it 's just if one country creates more money than the international world of finance believe it should be doing that currency will devalue relative to other countries . 
  typically the things that matter are the size of your economy and its stability . 
  major currency pairs like dollar , euro , pound and yen are in that position because people trust that their central banks and governments know what they fuck they 're doing , and if they currencies or countries go tits up then we 're all fucked anyway . 
  in regard to the nhs . 
  some people could make the slippery slope argument that privatising the running of the nhs is a step towards a completely private system whereby the government does n't pay for healthcare any more . 
  but that frankly is doomsaying . 
  not even the farthest right wing people in the uk government would ever do that , foremost because it 's been shown to be a bad system . 
  the us pays more for less healthcare than anywhere in the world . 
  if anything the uk right wingers would love to introduce the bismark system of national insurances as they have in most of europe , because it 's been to be more affordable for the both government , the patient , and generate more revenue around the healthcare industry . 
  ultimately , nobody wants the us style healthcare anywhere in the world , because it would cost more to the government in the long run . 
  i like that analogy !, 
  itt : comments about filtering and the fact it 's legal in the uk and illegal in ( most ) the us . 
  nice piece of trivia, 
  now you know how the rest of the world feels watching american sports . 
  how is that any different from baseball though ?
