  this is the fatal flaw in your argument . 
  weight loss ** can ** be achieved through healthy behaviours . 
  you actually acknowledge this when you say ... 
   the first time i 'm experiencing a slow , steady weight loss . 
  this is what is recommended by the medical community . 
  nobody expects overweight people to drop a stone per month . 
  with a sustainable lifestyle shift everyone bar the medically incapable can achieve steady sustainable weight loss . 
  mormont is actually very much a neckbeard , if you 've read the books then you know what i mean . 
  this explains why neckbeards will never know love , for they can not objectively measure . 
  the terran empire will rule for a million eons . 
  alien life is sacrilege , it will be crushed and its resources and technology assimilated . 
  all hail the god-emperor of mankind . 
  punk ? 
  it 's not like i 'd ever watch a german film dubbed into english . 
  i saw lola rennt like that once and it was fucking hilarious . 
  dubbing is just awful . 
  what !, 
  not to be rude but why does indian music sound like that ? 
  to me the woman 's voice sounds like a chipmunk on crack-cocaine and the whole affair is rather lacking in melody :3, 
  ca n't say `` have not xxxx '' without sounding weird , either you `` have n't a lot of time '' or you `` do n't have a lot of time '' . 
  you ca n't `` do a lot of time '' you `` spend a lot of time '' . 
  `` this '' is singular , `` these '' is plural . 
  `` come in my mind '' sounds like some freaky sex thing , `` come into my mind '' is correct . 
  but people must like it in india right ? 
  this is n't just true for the first time though is it . 
  either both parties should have feelings or neither should . 
  sucks for everyone when it does n't happen this way . 
  i 'd controversially say yes , the fact that you see sex as a form of rebellion in your teens is weird , seems like a very american thing not to be allowed sex until you 're 18 or older in some cases , as long as you 're safe and with someone of a similar age and maturity with similar feelings for each other it 's fine . 
  smoking tobacco is stupid and horribly addictive . 
  but going out socialising , drinking sensibly and trying some weed is part of being a teenager . 
  nobody cares what music you listen to either , do n't see yourself as different from / better than your peers , even if you dislike their tastes in music/clothes/media , these things actually do n't make a squat of difference in reality , teenagers only get these crazy ideas because of too many films they 've watched that romance the concept of subculture . 
  it does n't really mean anything about a person . 
  be open to making the most of this time in your life , it 's a good time to experience some wild freedom and be open to people . 
  delaying living on the grounds you are working towards something later on is never wise at any stage in life , especially as one day you 'll wake up and be quite old . 
  i still did some rebellion stuff and had some fun , i did n't treat my school years as a real time , i thought life started when you hit adulthood and moved out from your parents . 
  actually there is no such thing as a trial run in life , you might as well start engaging with life when you 're younger , rather than just doing what your parents want and working towards what they want for you . 
  you need to both live to the maximum of your ability and work towards the future at all times . 
  itt : lots of food we do n't even have in europe , probably because they 'd be illegal !, 
  people like this are what 's wrong with society . 
  american accents definitely sound less clear than the queen 's obviously . 
  but i think even strong american accents are no more deviated from the queen 's english than some of the regional or immigrant accents are in the uk . 
  so most brits learn to deal with deviated accents quite comfortably , whilst some americans might have to drive a long way or to a very remote area to hear significantly different accents from their own , or simply do n't pick up the skills . 
  it 's the same in the uk with some old people , i can understand perfectly well what the indian taxi driver who 's only lived here for 2 years is saying but if you asked my grandparents generation they might struggle . 
  in basic , property is generally considered a sound investment since it 's a necessity that 's always in demand at some level ( people need places to live ) , and property prices typically seem to steadily rise over time . 
  now some people normally rent property , but the problem with rent is that the money you pay is spent and gone forever . 
  however if you take out a mortgage on a property you own a house and have a debt equal to its value at the time of purchase , theoretically whatever you pay off on the mortgage you 'll get back if you sell off the house , and assuming house prices keep rising you 'll make an inflation and interest beating profit . 
  after a long period of steadily rising property prices people become increasingly confident that it will remain this way , this is a good housing market . 
  in this climate people feel more and more the urge to buy houses rather than rent because they do n't like seeing the money they pay in rent going into a blackhole when a mortgage would be a perceived sound investment . 
  also provided the banks are confident that house prices will continue to rise , it pays them to create as many mortgages as they can , since they know even if the debtor defaults they 'll repossess the property which should have an increased value above that of the original loan . 
  however this why people talk of a bubble , because as the housing market is increasingly perceived as good , the demand for houses goes up so their value does as well . 
  more buyers offering more money , money which they mostly get through readily available loans , loans which are approved because houses prices are going up . 
  so this creates a catch 22 situation where people start to believe properties are worth more and more , that not buying property in this market would be foolish because of how much homeowners ' property value is increasing , and the banks see the values of the properties skyrocket and approve loans on this basis . 
  however the fun has to end somewhere and things start to cap out at some point and whoever is funding the loans starts to get edgy about their investments and starts restricting the availability of capital for mortgages , this reduces the number of potential buyers , reducing the demand and slowing the increase in property 's perceived value . 
  this creates a domino effect where people panic , many people realise that they 're not making a killer profit on their mortgage anymore since they have to factor for both inflation and interest , and what seemed like a sound investment last year does n't look so hot anymore . 
  some people decide to sell the property around this time , but this increases supply whilst demand is dropping , so house prices stop increasing or even decrease . 
  all the confidence in the market is lost , people are lumped with expensive mortgages for properties that they ca n't be sure will be worth more in the future . 
  now you get a reverse catch 22 situation where everyone is selling or defaulting on their loans , house prices are dropping , the banks are n't lending to anyone so demand drops further and there is a black hole in the economy where all the perceived value from property investment has disappeared . 
  the ramifications of this type of failed speculation creates a multi-billion dollar gap in the economy and you have a global recession where governments and banks can no longer afford to pay their debts and every government is implementing austerity , leading to reduced quality of life , and banks are needing their debts nationalised to stay afloat at all . 
  and that 's a how a housing market crash happens . 
  i 'm well aware to be honest . 
  but i 'd like to point out that historically rp has been considered the english accent that is easiest to understand due to an almost anal level of emphasis on proper pronunciation amongst its demographic of speakers , as well as the fact that this question is addressed to british audience who will almost certainly find rp easiest to understand asides perhaps any dialects they might themselves speak , due to its status as the lingua franca accent of the uk ( albeit these days in a somewhat diluted form ) . 
  also out of curiosity do you know that non-rhoticity does n't necessarily create homophones by itself , since in most british accent - r is usually marked by a vowel modfication instead , so it 's a multiplicity of factors . 
  tragically :(, 
  luck and look are only homophones if you 're a northern , you 've given yourself away :p, 
  caught-court , fought-fort etc. 
  i was n't denying that tbh , the factors you have to consider though is unless you 're young an living at home / already own a property you 're always going to pay rent anyway . 
  when you 're on a mortgage you might be paying more but only the interest is gone forever , the rest is locked up in your `` investment '' which you also get to live in . 
  the main factor is that when houses prices are going up in the thousands years after year it really does a lot to offset that interest . 
  so it makes buying seem like sure bet , but if the housing market collapses you 're left with a large debt for something that 's no longer worth what you 'd expected it to be . 
  i would say a major major difference between the accents is the way - o 's are pronounced . 
  for example forest in british english is / \u02c8f\u0252r.\u026ast / in american / \u02c8f\u0254r \u00b7 \u0259st / or / \u02c8f\u0251r-\u0259st / . 
  so when an american says `` often '' to a briton it sounds like `` ahften '', 
  that sounds like sooo much fun !, 
  how does your does your dative work ? 
  do you have irregular verbs ? 
  i would definitely have a second person plural pronoun , doubling as a formal form of course !, 
  how many tenses do you have ? 
  have you bothered with a continuous/progressive ? 
  do you use auxiliary verbs and do you use them to form tenses ? 
  how many modals do you have ? 
  i would totally get into this if i was n't trying to learn german right now and could spare the brain space :(, 
  just think of everything you can say in english !, 
  i sing , i am singing , i sang , i was singing , i have sung , i have been singing , i had sung , i had been singing . 
  modals - will , would , shall , should , can , could , may , want , `` wanted to '' , like , `` liked to '' , must , `` had to '' , you combine these lots of tenses . 
  demonstratives - this , that , these , those . 
  relative clauses , have n't even started on pronouns . 
  so much fun to be had !, 
  how is v not a letter ? 
  the only problem with english is the spelling . 
  none of your letters are letters :(, 
  they need to know this . 
  what if time does n't stop , but once every second entropy stops for a million years . 
  we would n't even know ... 
  does n't actually get you out of solipsism though does it, 
  i reckon one of these days , maybe in 300 years , we 'll just have a massive paradigm shift and be like that shit 's perfectly logical . 
  best to just treat quantum physics as the best know working model for the time being and make awesome shit with our knowledge , than break our brains trying to make it logically consistent or changing our logic to match our findings . 
  that 's many world theorists and fuzzy logicians are born and we all know they 're a weird bunch . 
  `` anything 's a quantum dildo if you 're brave enough '', 
  - abraham lincoln, 
  and both are lucifer ... creepeh,
