  companies needs reassurance that business will continue between the eu-uk , if that is going to be impaired they 're going to need to know to what degree , and they 're also going to be looking for assurance that they 'll have time to adapt to new market conditions . 
  the financial markets need to see legitimate faith in the idea that things are n't going to get worse before you 'll see a healthy economic situation return . 
  the easiest way for that to happen is for all the trade agreements to remain the same . 
  however , from a political stand point there 's lots of reasons to really make it difficult for the uk now we 're leaving , so they might refuse to compromise . 
  which will hurt both the uk and eu economically , but will hurt the eu far less than it will hurt the uk . 
  this will strengthen their ability to keep the other member states together , and make it seem to other countries that leaving is a bad idea . 
  the balance of these two motivations is going to be really interesting . 
  another problem the eu might have with the uk staying in the common market , is that britain is going to want freedom from eu law , this could be the killer issue here , because if the eu gives the uk a large degree of freedom from the eu law it would create a legislative imbalance within the eea , however , i do n't think the uk will be satisfied if they can convince the average leave voter they 've got complete sovereignty over the nation ( obviously they always have , but convincing the public of that will be hard ) . 
  the problem is , that with trade deals like this , the conditions they include become like laws anyway . 
  if the eu says it will only buy cheese that is made using x y z methods that meet a b c criteria , even countries outside the eu have to follow those standards or the eu will not trade with them . 
  likewise is a country put a condition in the trade deal that you ca n't trade with this other country , if you do n't do that then you 've breached the deal and that other country has full justification for going back on its commitments . 
  i think the nuanced relation of supranational law , politics , and trade is something lost on the average british voter , and it 'll be hard to convince them that anything but complete independence is truly retaining their sovereignty . 
  2 ) leave voters - if the uk made this move it could cause a big backlash against the government from the hardcore leave side . 
  even if public opinion in a few weeks has swung the number of people regretting the decision much higher , to a situation where 65 % would have preferred a remain outcome , if the government fails to deliver on immigration there 's going to be mutiny in the ranks , and the really hardcore leaves will get angry . 
  my theory is that uk is going to try for a deal like switzerland , where anyone from the eu can work in the uk , and any swiss citizen can go to the eu and work , but they must show they are either contractually employed or self-employed and earning over a certain amount . 
  if they try to claim any government benefits they can automatically lose their right to reside . 
  this might allow the leave campaign to save face when not being able to deliver on `` immigration in the tens of thousands '' promise , as they wo n't be able to deliver a completely controlled border . 
  it would at least be something to quieten the grumblings of the anti-immigration segment of the population . 
  if we got this outcome i think then it would be reciprocated to uk nationals living abroad as eu citizens when they cease to be proper eu citizens around 2018 . 
  so ultimately , it 's not even certain how much will change yet . 
  i 'll also add that we 've got 2 years still , and i never intended on leaving the uk permanently , if things get too complicated for me to live here , saying i have to meet strict visa requirements , i may well just go back to the uk at that point . 
  i never really fancied living abroad without the eu freedom of movement , somewhere like america or canada for example , just seems like too much hassle . 
  that said by the time that decision has to be made i may be of a radically different opinion due to a change in circumstances or whatever . 
  no point packing your bags straight away when a ) we do n't know what 's going to actually happen and b ) even if the worst comes it 'll still be a fair old while until the dream is over . 
  fine . 
  of what crime there is , it is committed at a far higher rate by those people who have british citizenship , than by those who are living the country legally but do not have citizenship . 
  i think it 's funny that edinburgh has more votes but glasgow does n't , despite glasgow being for remain in the referendum . 
  you can tell where the people who want to stay part of the uk and eu are . 
  ca n't really agree that the spectrum shifts left . 
  it 's more like the whole dynamic changes . 
  remember , a lot of those working class pensioners have probably been labour a lot of their life , but the labour they would have known was old labour , focussed on workers right and unions . 
  even in their old age they are probably still for those things , however , the whole political sphere has changed . 
  the progressive multicultural neo-liberal socially democratic values of what we call the left , does n't look anything like what they knew . 
  the things labour claim to be for that make us consider them to be `` left '' , for example , the desire to direct funding to ensure racial equality in employment right , are n't left wing in their minds . 
  yet things modern labour does or does n't do , such as not taking such a large interest in nationalising various industries , seem to be more right wing than what the old labour types would have considered leftwing . 
  i think in that generation , a lot of people voted labour because they could see it was in their interest . 
  voting labour means stronger unions which means more money for me and people like me . 
  now they see labour talking about things that benefit minorities and so forth , and they no longer feel that connection to what we now call left wing parties . 
  then they go out and vote brexit because that they only way they can express their opinion politically , as to them all the parties seem to be seeming to care about minorities and immigrants a great deal . 
  they want to see a return to politics that 's about the welfare of themselves and people like themselves , because that 's what they got to enjoy in the past when england was mostly white . 
  well firstly i do n't think anyone should succumb to a marginal view and concede a referendum , ever . 
  i think we should only even consider referendum when it looks like more than 50 % of people want something . 
  if you 'd asked people well before the general election last year in a poll , there 's no way 50 % would have said `` i support the uk leaving the eu '' . 
  it was after all , a minority view that managed gain enough support to become a majority view only once the referendum was announced . 
  i believe in democracy , but imo direct democracy is a nuclear option to be used only when it 's clear a view has very strong support . 
  the problem with it is that it forces every voter to take a position on something they might have seen as a priority before , and because it requires an oversimplified division of the options into a yes / no question . 
  this is just a sure fire way to polarise the country . 
  the sad reality is that a large number of those voting did not really understand what they were voting for because they do n't understand politics or world affairs , and had to make a snap judgement on the basis of what their friends and relatives said . 
  i know too many voters who 've not understood the issues or consequences , people saying that they thought they were voting for a norway / swiss deal ( not realising they have freedom of movement ) or because they wanted to help the british fishing industry ( 0.05 % of the economy ) . 
  any twat could 've told you that wales and cornwall receive a funding surplus and would be harder hit than other parts of the country . 
  anyone could have told you that pensions are tied to economic performance , or that market instability will makes banks lend more cautiously , making it harder for people trying to get on the property ladder and increasing interest rates . 
   ... and many on the remain side similarly unable to form their own view and depending on their peers / their media for guidance . 
  absolutely , there were many uninformed voters on the remain side too , but this just compounds the case against direct democracy in my opinion . 
  whatever the result , it would n't have really reflected what was best of the uk , because the debate has been so poor . 
  we are not a nation that is accustomed to the harsh judgement of democratic referenda , we are used to voting being a kind of statement , we say to ourselves that even though i know so and so will win i 'll vote this way to make my voice heard , to show my dissatisfaction . 
  then i 'll go back to day to day life and ignore the politicians until the next one . 
  sadly , this is not how real democracy works . 
  you are right of course , i just mean that the average person , even if they do n't have a deep grasp of economics , knows that if they economy is going badly then your savings will decline in value , and investments you make , such as pensions , wo n't see the same degree of return . 
  of course there are people who do n't even know what an interest rate is , and probably think the value of a found is just fixed , but i do n't think it 's beyond the average person to know basic things like , uncertainty is bad for the economy , a bad economy will affect everyone . 
  i think the success of leave , and current shock that it 's having immediate negative affects that a liable to go for years now , is more due to the fact the leave campaign labelled anything negative the remain campaign suggested as `` project fear '' . 
  doing so was incredibly successful in making the less educated ignore anything that was said in a negative sense . 
  it was more that people did n't believe the economic argument , they did n't believe there would be serious economic consequences , so they voted accordingly . 
  the leave campaign was able to frame their arguments in positive terms more readily because they were arguing for change rather than the status quo . 
  - we wo n't pay eu subsidies and therefore will have more money for the nhs, 
  is way easier to grasp than :, 
  - despite paying the eu subsidies , the uk gains more economically from being the eu than it pays . 
  something like that does n't make sense to the average person , they see economics like they see personal finance , if you 're paying x amount in bills every year , and you have the opportunity to stop paying it , then you should stop and will be richer for it . 
  explaining that the eu supports our economic growth and attracts investment just sounds like high flaluting nonsense to people with no knowledge of economics . 
  similarly with the immigration argument , saying something like `` eu migrants put more into our economy than they take out of it , if we stop freedom of movement we 'll lose money and economic growth '' , just wo n't wash with the types of people whose minds are focussed entirely on the here and now . 
  they 've seen that one romanian begger hanging around the train station , or felt resentment towards that polish plumber down the pub whose always buying rounds with 50 pound notes . 
  the eu migrants doing vital jobs at the nhs or serving them in the supermarket go entirely unnoticed , whereas the bad sticks out like a sore thumb . 
  the uk currency dropped a huge amount and is still down there . 
  ftse 250 lost 7 % of its value . 
  various companies are declaring that they 're going to close operations and move to dublin , paris , or frankfurt . 
  this is just the start . 
  let 's see how the coming week is going to be on the markets , let 's see which other voices join the fray saying they 're going to have to move work abroad . 
  not only that , but what happens next is going to be essential . 
  the uk needs a deal , how the eu and british public react to what 's being discussed is going affect things , everyone is waiting with baited breath for the next development . 
  if the eu is going to make it hard for britain , and i think they will , it 'll only go down hill from here . 
  those were better days , better days when i did n't worry that the uk is headed for economic catastrophe and racism was on the rise . 
  it will takes years to adapt . 
  obviously the uk can survive outside the eu , it 's just that there 's billions of pounds worth of work that needs to be done to adapt , and it will take many years . 
  we 're dooming ourselves to economic problems for the next few years at least , however well we do from now on , we 'll know it 'll be less well than we would 've been doing without the referendum . 
  and why are we going to do this ? 
  for no reason whatsoever except the fact that people are dumb and easily led . 
  the truth is that we 've got a good deal under the eu , overall the membership makes us richer . 
  sure , it 's possible that 10 years from now we could benefit more from our own deals than we should from eu deals , but that 's just incredibly unlikely . 
  if we believed with any certainty that we could get a better deal outside the eu then the government would have backed the referendum . 
  we are just cutting off our arm to escape a luxury apartment so we can buy a run down apartment in the hope we 'll be able to do it up ourselves . 
  i disagree , demoting the uk to a deal like that would benefit them a lot actually . 
  in truth , i think this is almost certainly what they 're going to offer , boris johnson is going to come out as pro eea soon i suspect . 
  then they 're going to judge public reaction . 
  breaking out of the common market is going to fuck shit up , for the uk and the eu , neither actually want it , both would have preferred we 'd remained . 
  the business world and finance world are getting pissed off . 
  the ordinary people will feel the costs when prices start to rise and job losses are predicted and so forth . 
  johnson will say we the eea is a necessity for our prosperity . 
  the real choice will between the sodding eea / efta or just staying in the damn eu . 
  when people realise that that 's the choice they might decide that 's a bad idea to leave eu , and if that 's the case they 'll probably just have a second referendum to see if enough people have changed their minds , if they ca n't get support for that , or if the second referendum fails then they 'll just have to move to eea / efta style system , and tout the facts that they 're outside the system , and that we 're free to do things like deny eu migrants benefits , and control our own customs as a win on immigration , when in reality it just means more paperwork while retaining freedom of movement , while giving away britain 's power to shape the regulation of the market they 're working in . 
  i think the real problem is that the leave side made promises that would only be possible if the uk left the common market , this makes no sense , because the first thing to do once we were out is to start negotiating a way back in . 
  the eu is now a huge trade block only 25 miles away by sea .
