  ] ( https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/4od-ad-block/moaepanckbdcegockdpgghljmdbbmogm ), 
  that 's utterly ridiculous logic . 
  this incident was a massive thing in the uk caused an atmosphere of the post london bus bombing paranoia . 
  shootings are far less common here , for the uk strict gun restrictions work remarkably well . 
  population size is n't really relevant since statistics should be per capita and the uk has greater urban density as well . 
  any good study accounts for suicides too . 
  even with these things considered the difference is vastly significant . 
  on the other hand different countries are different . 
  in brief , dual income homes and mortgages . 
  wages tend to rise for older more experienced people . 
  say you have two people living together in their mid-30s each taking home 25k a year after tax . 
  both might sacrifice 3-5k a year on a mortage and pay a small house over 25 years . 
  nonetheless house prices are a horrible situation , mainly fueled by the fact that the economically dominant demographic always perceives rising house prices as a good thing , and that you may as well exchange economically dominant with politically dominant nowadays . 
  well in the uk typically a boulevard or avenue has trees running along it , a road is functional and goes from place to place often named after its destination sometimes changing it 's name at the mid-point , a street is in a town or city , a lane is minor and often rural and winding , a terrace has a terrace of buildings or houses running along it and a cul-de-sac and close are dead ends . 
  we do n't have many drives or parks here . 
  usa right now : all praise the goalie !, 
  howard definitely saving yankee arse right now, 
  they think it 's all over, 
  it is now ... ( well done americans though an admirable innings ), 
  that 's an asshole 's attitude if you ask me . 
  if everyone only cared about winning sport would n't even work . 
  there are teams every team that can be proud of getting getting draw or even just losing gracefully to the best in the world . 
  exactly , everyone loves an underdog , more people were probably rooting for us than belgium . 
  i would think you 'd want everton , since that 's the team howard plays for . 
  to be fair the uk spells it defence and defense depending on whether it 's a verb or a noun , the noun being one with the - c . the us just got lazy and only uses the - s version . 
  us is one quarter the size of china more like !, 
  i do n't get this . 
  if you are just a international student you barely have any right to work in the uk anyway . 
  just some limited ability work for specific bodies for the duration of your studies . 
  there 's no way you 'll be able to work in the eu on a student visa . 
  i doubt you can tell all that . 
  sometimes people just speak differently just because , you 're not henry higgins . 
  edit : wow downvotes for disbelieving some redditor has magical accent powers , nobody can tell your sexuality or your upbringing from your accent , a few people might have an accent that loudly broadcasts theirs but that 's not the same at all . 
  well said . 
  you did n't have hundreds of years without trains or cars though did you . 
  well you 're never going to be able to tell if someone was raised by a man or a woman either , that 's another load of nonsense . 
  it 's pretty clear accents vary from place to place , to me it 's obvious when someone has a north birmingham accent or a south birmingham one or coventry or whatever , but even then they 're just average ways of speaking for the region , some people will wo n't follow the trend so you ca n't know for sure . 
  i for one do n't speak completely neutrally and nobody would guess where i 'm from . 
  maybe a few do , but you ca n't generalise everyone you know , furthermore peer groups tend to be a much stronger accent influence than parents past a certain age . 
  lots of ten year olds often sound like their mothers , the same ca n't be said of 16 year olds . 
  out of curiosity why do you call it flopping ? 
  it 's called diving , do we really need another trans-atlantic sports related vocabulary split ? 
  if you want to sound really european then you were a `` fan since he was at man u '' , remember you 're on the team , in the squad and at the football team . 
  firstly only 320 million americans , and any nation ? 
  like the 80 million in germany ? 
  200 million in brazil ? 
  170 million in nigeria ? 
  remember , one county over from oxfordshire and you 're in warwickshire , and birmingham used to be in warwickshire until our greatness made the rest of the country afraid and they decided to make us smaller . 
  it 's not anti-america it 's anti-boredom if anything . 
  it 's summer reddit and reddit is full of americans thus endless internationally irrelevant shitposts . 
  to be fair as someone from the middle of the midlands , water scares me, 
  it 's always going to be a compromise between job opportunities and house prices i 'm afraid . 
  you have kids so you 'll be thinking about the quality of schools in your area . 
  as your wife is a software engineer most of the jobs are going to be cities . 
  so really you have limited options i think . 
  commute to london or commute to some other major city . 
  london will mean a long commute ( think 1-2 hours ) if you want decent sized house for your family , otherwise birmingham or manchester offer the most for it professionals . 
  the latter offer reasonable satellites towns with reasonable commutes , but the nicer areas will still be more expensive . 
  that 's a hard question to ask , i grew up in solihull which is a reasonably well off decent enough suburb of birmingham with some good schools . 
  now i live in a town in warwickshire which is an easy 25 minute commute to birmingham or an hour and 20 minutes to london , the train station is walking distance . 
  you 're really asking too broad a question , you 'd do best to figure out which city it is you want to be near and then start looking at which towns in the commuter belt come recommended . 
  there are loads of satellite towns outside the major cities that are heavily populated by families since they demand larger properties and are heavily concerned with catchment areas for schools . 
  most of these will have trains running into the city for the daily commute but it 's worth checking . 
  obviously since there 's demand to live in these areas house prices generally reflect this . 
  london works on the same principle but the commute area is much bigger and you have to go quite a long way out until you start seeing house prices / living costs more reflective of the rest of the country . 
  where i live has almost as many people commuting to london as to birmingham despite london being almost a whole hour further away on the train . 
  edit : oh and i 'll add that in suburbia it 's generally preferable to own a car , that said you do n't need to a own a car , there are always buses and trains to get you to major hubs of activity unless you 're living somewhere rural , the problem is if you want to visit your friend 5 miles away there probably wo n't be a direct route and taxis are expensive . 
  honestly being near any of the three cities in question is n't going to make a difference to your kids since you wo n't be living in the city . 
  each have their own charms and differences yet each are similar in a way . 
  each offer similar opportunities for your family to do things locally if you 're living nearby . 
  most large cities outside of london in the uk are industrial with a mixture of poor and wealthy areas . 
  unlike london a large chunk on the wealth will be away from the city centre in these cities although they 'll be some nice inner city parts too . 
  of the three , bristol is the smallest with 500,000 people and the least significant really , it 's a sort of gateway to the south west which is a really nice part of the uk with plenty of tourism and picturesque seaside towns . 
  it 's also close to south wales which is a main hub of activity in wales . 
  i think you 'll find the commuter areas outside of bristol most expensive since it 's the furthest south and is close to some quite affluent areas like bath . 
  if you look up the populations of manchester and birmingham you 'll probably get misled , what you really need to compare is greater manchester with the west midlands and you 'll find both have about 2.7 million people so they 're roughly equal in size . 
  birmingham is the second city of the uk with tonnes of transport links to the rest of the country , huge amounts of shopping and a large immigrant population ( although you 'll find a reasonably large immigrant population in any uk city ) . 
  it 's centrality can definitely be a benefit . 
  although birmingham is the second city , manchester is more like the capital of the north and a hub of northern culture which is something birmingham does n't have to the same extent since for many people living in the surrounding area , compared to those living in the north at least , it 's far more feasible to travel to london for cultural stuff instead . 
  both manchester and birmingham have highly commercialised city centres , both having huge shopping centres and massive amounts of nightclubs and restaurants . 
  bristol being smaller does n't really have as much but it does have its own charms . 
  it 's really up to you to make a decision about which city you want to work in and then start doing research regarding whereabouts it 's best suited for you to settle with your family in the commuter belt . 
  personally i like where i live just south of birmingham because birmingham is close for most things and when i need to get to a london it 's a just a matter of sitting on a train for an extra hour , it 's also not expensive like much of the south east , travelling east to west or vice versa tends to be more problematic , but it 's really more a personal taste thing . 
  edit : oh and if you want to see how the uk breaks down in terms of population [ this is useful ] ( http://imgur.com/4u7xd3w ), 
  well firstly birmingham is in the midlands not the north , no further from london than bristol . 
  furthermore op is n't looking to live in the city , he 's looking to commute to the city and live in a town . 
  both cities have a large number of it jobs and both have decent satellite towns very suited to raising kids , think of the wirral , alderly edge , wilmslow , knutsford , chester , or solihull , sutton coldfield , kenilworth , south warwickshire and bromsgrove . 
  nobody is suggesting he raise his kids in the inner cities . 
  i 'd warn you though that rural berkshire is one of the most desirable and therefore expensive parts of the home counties . 
  i guess i do n't mean rural here , suburban berkshire will be pretty pricey, 
  let 's hear it for the mindestlohn, 
  just so you 're aware if you 're referring to the word rather than the thing this is standard practice . 
  that 's why people do it to imply doubt . 
  for example someone hand in piece of paper scrawled with crayon for their assignment and then ask for it make they might write : if you 're looking for your `` essay '' it 's in the bin . 
  hi every1 im new !!!!!, 
  * charges mah lazr * my name is ted but u can call me anonymous !!!!!!!!, 
  lol ... as u can see im very random !!!, 
  thats why i came here , 2 meet random ppl like me ^_^ ... im 22 years old ( i still live w / my mom tho !! ), 
  i like 2 look at mudkip threads with my boyfreind ( im bi if u dont like it gtfo ) its our favorite kindof thred !!!!, 
  bcuz their soooo random !!!!,
