  the median annual household income in purchasing power adjusted us$ in norway is $ 51k or there about . 
  a purchasing power adjusted figure takes into account the price ( and quality ) of goods within that country . 
  this essentially means that the average household in norway can afford the same amount of goods and services as an american family that earns $ 51k , as the price of goods in the us in $ is used as the base for this calculation . 
  in the us the median household income is roughly $ 43k , making the ordinary norwegian $ 8k better off a year in real terms i.e how much crap of comparable quality their money can buy . 
  however , the median income does n't tell us the whole picture about wealth equality . 
  it does massively reduce the impact of a small number of people hording vast amounts of wealth , but it does n't actually tell us how wide the gap is between rich and poor , it could well be that there is a statistically significant number of wealthy people that raise that figure . 
  if you have a country with a very wealthy middle class , and an utterly impoverished working class , and the split is relative even such as 40 % middle class to 60 % working class , you 'll still end up with a reasonable high median ( assuming the split is n't absolute and there exists a degree of middle ground ) . 
  you also have to account for the upper class taking up places at the top . 
  wealth inequality is far higher in the us than norway , this can be calculated using far more detailed data . 
  in reality the true wealth of an ordinary american household is probably lower than $ 43k , but this is countered by the existence of a wealthy upper middle class . 
  anyway , getting back on point , all this tells you is that if you go on holiday in these places how cheaply you can live there relative to where you live , if you 're from australia or switzerland and go to visit india you 're going get by pretty fucking cheaply . 
  sure if you want an new iphone imported then it 'll probably cost you considerably more , and if you want to ensure that you get exactly the same quality of food and luxury items that 'll cost you more as well , but none of that changes the fact you could live relatively well in these countries for a pittance of what it would cost you back home . 
  this sums up middle england so perfectly . 
  rich enough to buy both their kids ipads , too dumb to explain to them how they work , too technologically illiterate and preoccupied to check if they 're uploading vendetta videos to youtube . 
  you hate a 12 year old for acting like a kid ? 
  kid 's probably still waiting for his first body hair . 
  do n't be a dick . 
   when i was a kid , if you talked like that to adults , they 'd just smack you up a bit . 
  what an amazing time to be alive ... 
  came to say this . 
  too much leave propaganda going around pretending that the economy has already recovered . 
  she might mean the associate membership crap some people have been suggesting . 
  i suppose it 's the illuminati in cahoots with the rothschild dynasty that were behind it . 
  that would be incredibly illegal , the bank of england does what 's best for the economy because its financial interest is in the economy , and that includes buying and selling sterling . 
  the idea that they 'd plan some pathetic political game with the government is n't worthy of consideration . 
  governments have been proven incompetent when it comes to managing monetary policy , it 's far too tempting to fuck with the currency to create short term gains so they are perceived as helping the economy and gain popularity , that is why the currency is managed by those who have the biggest stake in its long term welfare . 
  furthermore , a 1 cent increase in value of sterling is hardly something `` which can be put put on a flag and waved around by may as she announces her victory . '', 
  this is a perfectly ordinary currency fluctuation caused by an increase in certainty knowing that only may is left in the race for pm . 
  wow , you could do with some basic economics classes . 
  that was the name given to a theoretical position between eea membership and eu membership . 
  one where britain would stay in the eu but with reduced integration . 
  not a likely outcome but one that could be considered a `` back door eu membership '' . 
  it 's a term that 's been in the media a fair bit lately . 
  somewhat similar to `` norway plus '' or the `` bespoke deal '' . 
  here 's some [ lse stuff talking about it ] ( http://blogs.lse.ac.uk/europpblog/2013/03/06/associate-eu-membership/ ), 
  it basically just means a membership with concessions . 
  pre-brexit a lot of people thought that was what we 'd get , now it 's an unlikely possibility . 
  let 's not forget may 's tendency to hire scientists to investigate things like drug policy and then decide to amend their reports because she did n't get the answer she wanted . 
  funny how she 's cool with sticking to her position when she did n't get the result she wanted there , but when you do n't get the referendum result you want by a 1.9 % margin then `` brexit means brexit '' . 
  she also brought us gems like : the dangers of an activity like riding and those of an activity like recreational drug use can not be compared because [ one is illegal and one is n't ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/004/592/my-brain-is-full-of-fuck.jpg ) . 
  she literally banned everything that is psychoactive , which means you could theoretically be arrested for having virtually any substance in existence . 
  she 's also the one of the leaders in stripping away online privacy and ridding us of net neutrality . 
  implementing laws that require internet providers to hand over the keys for encrypted data that they do n't even have . 
  honestly , i think she 's a haughty moralising bitch who is living in the past , completely out of touch with the socially liberal majority ( on both sides of the political spectrum , basically anyone who is n't a pensioner who thinks we 're living in the last days of rome ) , through and through an authoritarian `` nanny knows best '' conservative . 
  what 's terrifying is that i still wanted her as pm more than leadsom , i 'd rather have someone who was supporting remain ( albeit halfheartedly ) than some nutty leave backing pretender who boasts about being a mother . 
  edit : i 'll add that she said something quite telling in her latest speech , saying that she 's going to give people `` more control over their lives '' and that 's how we 're going to get the country back on track . 
  i fear this is simply code for getting rid of things like working time directive and so forth , so people can allow themselves to be financially exploited more efficiently for more money . 
  rothschild dynasty is just a polite way of saying `` the jews '' afaik . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  the british public are sick of experts , we 're going to delusionally stand against the tide like the anti-intellectual stuck in the past nation of morons we are . 
  the actions of a man who now gives precisely zero fucks . 
  they 're only advisory , much like the results of this referendum . 
  already fixed it . 
  no it 's not . 
  at the height of the boom times back in 2005 or so nobody knew if it was going to wrong , but people invested because the signs were saying that it 's unlikely to go wrong any time soon . 
  as we all know , it did eventually go wrong and lots of people lost a lot of money . 
  this is why we talk about uncertainty . 
  yes , brexit could end up being the greatest choice for the uk economy in recent history , however there are no signs indicating that . 
  all the signs indicate that the uk fucked up and now the economy will suffer for a significant period of time . 
  if 2 years from now the signs are there that brexit has n't hurt the uk economy and it 's on the rise , people will invest again . 
  the point is , it 's like offering people two boxes , one with # 1000 in it , the other is an empty box offered to you by someone you do n't really trust . 
  do you go with the empty box or the safe # 1000 ? 
  brexit has basically taken the # 1000 off the table , so now it 's like offering people a mystery box for a tenner , not many people are going to take up the offer when there 's a high chance the box could contain nothing of value at all . 
  yes , the ftse 100 thing is simply because these are companies that are being paid other currencies who just saw their money increase in value relative to the pound , and euro too . 
  ftse 250 down but few people know what that is . 
  the same effect was caused when the pound bounced after hitting a low immediately after the referendum result , which was literally just a consequences of people closing out their short positions . 
  may was for remain when it was sensible for her to be so i.e before the referendum result . 
  this shows she was at least sensible enough to realise that leaving the eu was a dumb idea . 
  she 's for leave now because the majority of tory voters are for leave , and she has to balance the future of the economy , the uk 's geopolitical situation , with placating the leave voters , and bringing the bluekip ( right wing leaning ukip supporters ) lot back into the tory fold . 
  this tells us that she is , at least , realistic , unlike the minority of leave supporting tory mps . 
  he was espousing some dumb theory about how currency speculation is n't affecting the pound right now and it 's all the bank of england keeping the value up , combined with some crazy theory about how the boe is making the currency rise in value when brexiteers do n't get their way in an attempt to manipulate people into staying closer to the eu . 
  oh right , well they 're both a pair of reactionary cows who 've done nothing to improve drug policy so i can see why . 
  he literally said that this one cent increase in the pound 's value would be `` put on a flag and waved around by may as she announces her victory . '' ... 
  which shows how much he knows . 
  wow that 's a dumb law . 
  still worthy of mockery that you keep that law . 
  hmm i dislike her and think she 's a delusional self-righteous moral throwback , but right now i do n't believe she 'll be as bad as thatcher . 
  that said , if we allow the tory government to rip up all the eu legislation we follow and implement new stuff then we 'll be looking at a huge step backwards in terms of quality of life for the average person . 
  i 'm sure their plan for the economy in a post eu uk will be to deregulate everything they can get their hands on . 
  cutting back on maternity and paternity leave , allowing employers to demand longer hours , fewer paid holidays , less allowances for workers who get sick and ca n't work , making it easier to fire people without tangible grounds for it . 
  they 'll just be too tempted due to the quick economic burst it 'll bring , and it 'll be workers around the country who will pay for it with their family lives , social lives , and quality of life . 
  they do n't think it be like dat but it do, 
  this definitely does work . 
  in the case where i last tried it , it also caused me to be put directly through to the police or a security firm licensed by the life operator / manufacturer , i did n't hang around long enough to find out . 
  this , tried it for about 6 weeks , found that after a while my sexual desire was lower than it ever had been in my life , which was worrying because i was n't even 25 . 
  had to make myself start again so i 'd have the urge more often . 
  certainly did n't turn me into a sexual lothario , make me more socially outgoing , or make me more productive . 
  i found that my final year of university , the run up to both the coursework deadline and the finals was something that makes you fap insanely more than usual . 
  i mean , you force yourself to stay home to study and your brain is looking for virtually anything to procrastinate with . 
  during those weeks my average of 4-5 times a week went up to 3 times a day at least . 
  so what if someone invents a cure of alzheimer 's that just happens to be chemically similar to mdma and has a potential for recreational abuse ? 
  mdma itself has been shown to have excellent therapeutic properties for those suffering from ptsd , but research was set back decades by its becoming illegal . 
  it 's a really shitty law , both in its impact on research and its potential for abuse . 
  you 're quite right . 
  if corbyn stays i 'll definitely be ~ ~ throwing my vote away ~ ~ voting lib dem . 
  the labour party as it stands is no place for a pro-eu progressive centrist . 
  so you 're going to vote for the guy who is very much to blame for taking out of the eu with the most half arsed remain support ever just because he 's an ardent old school leftist with a bone to pick with the eu ? 
  no thanks . 
  corbyn can go take a running jump for all i care , he 's got zero appeal . 
  politicians are overwhelmingly idiots though .
