  hell , i 've even seen americans , belonging to a nation that prides itself on immigrant history , argue that ethnicity indian people ca n't be truly british / german / irish . 
  the danish banned slavery first i believe , around 1701 , the british were the next in about 1711 . 
  additionally the british refused the confederacy 's plea for aid , and did n't life a finger to help them , otherwise the outcome may have been different . 
  cba the next topic . 
  i ca n't be arsed with your bullshit world view and revisionist history , whatever facts i provide you 're going to have some mental gymnastics to support your inaccurate world view , so it 's a pointless exercise . 
  ah sorry , it was 1706 , my bad , smith v. browne & cooper , just google it , incontrovertible evidence . 
  as for selling the south goods , why should n't we make some money off you , the us was n't our ally . 
  you 're clearly in denial about the backwards nature of the us in the past and how far behind the curve it was in most of history . 
   1706 : in the case of smith v. browne & cooper , sir john holt , lord chief justice of england , rules that `` as soon as a negro comes into england , he becomes free . 
  one may be a villein in england , but not a slave . 
   1807 , 25 march : abolition of the slave trade act abolishes slave trading in british empire . 
   1834 : the british slavery abolition act comes into force , abolishing slavery throughout most of the british empire . 
  these are the significant milestones , all well before the us stopped . 
  different kinds of shithole are n't they . 
  birmingham is oppressive victorian buildings and getting robbed by guy with gold chains and baseball cap shit , wigan and huddersfield are both industrial bland northern austerity `` do you want gravy on that ? '', 
  shit . 
  london is daylight robbery pay # 1.80 for a can of carling to take on the train home shit . 
  damn , reminds me of some relationships of mine that were really alcohol dependent . 
  it 's such a nice feeling always being fucked up together , staying up all night fucking and drinking , going down the supermarket together at the crack of dawn to buy more booze , doing that with someone else does n't feel as utterly depressing as it would if you did it alone . 
  that said , it 's really unhealthy both physically and emotionally . 
  lol your ' e not even making sense now mate . 
   as i said , `` out of sight , out of mind '' is not a ban on slavery . 
  a nationwide ban on slavery is not a ban on slavery ? 
  er . . k m8, 
   and who abolished the slave trade about 3 months earlier ? 
  do n't know , certainly was n't the us, 
  `` 1865 , december : us abolishes slavery with the thirteenth amendment to the united states constitution ; about 40,000 remaining slaves are affected . '', 
   no , actually that act was 1833 . 
  and it only abolished slavery in some of the british empire , but did not free the slaves over the age of 5 . 
  no , that 's simply wrong . 
   former slaves over the age of six were redesignated as `` apprentices '' , and their servitude was abolished in two stages : the first set of apprenticeships came to an end on 1 august 1838 , while the final apprenticeships were scheduled to cease on 1 august 1840 . 
  i 'm sorry that you 're so mad about this . 
  the fact just do n't fit your revisionist history . 
  see how your country does n't actually take responsibility for its actions or acknowledge its failures , it would rather rewrite history to cover up all its wrong doings . 
   not when you an imperial power . 
  an empire wide ban would be a ban on slavery . 
  if it makes you feel better , parts of the us banned the practice even before 1800 . 
  banning it in a whole country is banning it in a whole country , being an empire is irrelevant , an empire is not equivalent to a country . 
  the uk is a country , the us is a country , banning it in `` parts of the us '' is not the same as banning it in a whole country . 
   and you are absolutely incorrect . 
  the us abolished the slave trade on march 2 , 1807 . 
  ( passed it on jan 1 , ratified on march 2 ) . 
  wow , do n't try and pull that shit . 
  what the us did in 1807 was ban in the import of slaves to the us and that 's it . 
  something the uk also did in 1807 . 
  however , the uk banned slavery itself ( rather than the trade ) , in 1834 , whereas the us did n't actually ban slavery itself until much later . 
   no , it actually is n't . 
  shall i quote from the slavery abolition act of 1833 ? 
   and how long do they continue to work as a `` apprenticed labourer ? '', 
  6 years , as you would know if you knew what you were talking about, 
   former slaves over the age of six were redesignated as `` apprentices '' , and their servitude was abolished in two stages : the first set of apprenticeships came to an end on 1 august 1838 , while the final apprenticeships were scheduled to cease on 1 august 1840 . 
  however , in fact ... 
   full emancipation for all was legally granted ahead of schedule on 1 august 1838, 
   slavery in india was not abolished until the slavery in india act of 1843 . 
  and indentured servitude ( debt-slavery ) was banned in the british raj in 1860 . 
  all well ahead of the us . 
   now , we could also talk about the `` coolie '' system of debt-slavery , that continued in the british empire until into the 20th century , but i think i have made my point . 
  you , for all your posing and superiority , actually have little idea about the history of british slavery . 
  and all of that hangs on , being very generous , banning slavery a full 22 years before the united states . 
  not really slavery , and i 'm sure the us had ended economic exploitation by the 20th century right ? 
  again you seem to be confusing the actions of britain with shit that 's going on in the colonies , as if just because it 's an empire means that britain had omnipotent control over what would go on in those countries . 
   you want to play another round ? 
  treatment of indigenous peoples ? 
  or , shall we talk about how the british treated the irish ? 
  oh right , indigenous people ? 
  like those native americans the us killed , how about after the revolution when the us broke all those treaties with those natives that the british had wanted to honour ? 
  as for the irish , we could always talk about the discrimination they face in the new world well into the 20th century shall we ? 
  you have such a warped view of everything , the uk knows all about what it did , and that 's what this all came down to , your belief that the us is somehow more aware or apologetic about it 's failure while the uk is n't , which is total shit , if anyone does n't see their faults it 's fucking `` murica '' where people chant `` usa '' and talk about how they believe they 're `` the greatest country in the world '' . 
  but now you have +5 alcoholism bonus and +7 to incomprehensibility, 
  let 's not be overly dramatic here . 
  the world is not going to collapse because of these debts . 
  the world functions on debt . 
  what actually happens is that countries print the money to pay their debts , and pay for it in their currencies values decreasing relative to the amount of new money created . 
  this has to be handled carefully to avoid being losing faith in the new devalued currencies value , otherwise you end up with a weimar republic situation , however , as long as it is handled carefully it 's not going to cause a world collapse . 
  for example , if italy 's economy were worth 1000 million , and they owed the eu 200 million , then the eu is owed 1/5 of the italian economy . 
  if they ca n't come up with the 200 million , they print 250 million , and give that to the eu . 
  the italian economy is now 1250 million , and the eu owns 1/5 , however the value of what each unit of currency buys you on the foreign exchange relative to other currencies is now less , because 1 million only represents 1/1250 of the italian economy , rather than 1/1000 . 
  all languages adhere to rules , and most languages have phonetic spelling . 
  german is n't that logical , there are plenty of arbitrary pairings of words and noun declensions , not to mention a huge number of phrasal verb style prefix and verb pairings many of which make no sense , add in the fact that plurals are irregular and inflection occurs in verbs somewhat randomly , prepositions all over the place . 
  there 's a reason why mark twain called it `` the awful german language '' . 
  there 's also a reason why it takes ages to master compared to many other languages . 
  i totally disagree . 
  i think from reading the books that there 's solid grounds for a connection between the hound and the faith . 
  i personally believe that in the books the hound has found religion . 
  however , i think the show is skipping out the part where the hound converts and giving him a different motivation , but a similar outcome ( a choice probably made to speed the story ) . 
  the septim will need a champion to match the mountain , who is also willing to fight him . 
  the hound is an ideal candidate for being able to defeat the mountain , and the hound has motivation to kill the mountain because of their history . 
  additionally , by helping the septim the hound will be causing harm to the king and the lannisters , whom he has reason to dislike . 
  add this to the fact that the latest episode showed that the hound has been hanging around with a septim who could act as a connection to the high sparrow , and the fact that the events that occurred showed the hound that there 's no use running from violence , as you just become a victim , and that nor can he hide from his past , then you have both a reason to believe that the septim is aware of the hound and that the hound has good motivation to help them . 
  the fact that he ca n't sneak into the city unaided is irrelevant , because i do n't think anyone is theorising that . 
  he 'll be sneaked in by the septim , who certainly have the power too . 
  the fact that the hound has committed crimes such as desertion wo n't matter , because the sparrows have control of the city and any forces loyal cersei will be too afraid to risk a conflict , not to mention the fact that the high sparrow has tommen eating out of the palm of his hand . 
  i think you 're really underestimating who is control of the city right now , and how much tommen is now the high sparrow 's bitch . 
  imho cersei is going get mouthy at the trial , demand a trial by combat , bring out the mountain like her ace in her sleeve , but the high sparrow is going to be a step ahead and bring out the hound . 
  tommen will allow it because he probably believes trial by combat is decided by god . 
   in the books the `` hound is dead '' . 
  not sandor but the hate fulled rage monster he was . 
  he found peace , i see no reason why he 'd run head long back into the fray . 
  who 's to say that he wo n't come back after something traumatic , like the murder of his community in the show ? 
   the hound is not an ideal candidate to beat his brother .
