  secondly , the bad wealth distribution in the us is basically entirely due to demographics . 
  we have more racial minorities than any european country , by a long shot . 
  blacks are more likely to be in poverty in europe , just like they are in the us . 
  the difference is that they make up a much larger percentage of our population , so they have more of an effect on national averages . 
  and let 's not even get into illegal immigration from the third world , which the us obviously has a much larger problem with than any european country . 
  if nothing about the system in the us changed , but our demographics changed to more closely resemble europe , we 'd have much less income inequality . 
  similarly , if nothing about the system in any european country changed but their demographics changed to resemble the us , they 'd have much more income inequality . 
  the problem with wealth distribution in the us is more about circumstance than it is any inherent failing of the us system . 
  which is entirely your responsibility as a nation to deal with . 
   well then let 's talk more about education . 
  americans have the highest rate of secondary education completion [ 1 ] out of developed countries . 
  the us public education system brings people of each specific demographic up to a higher standard of learning than they 'd receive in any other country except finland . 
  link 1 [ 2 ] , link 2 [ 3 ], 
  the us has the highest education attainment out of any major industrialized nation [ 4 ] . 
  americans are more likely to attain university-level education than europeans , canadians , australians etc. . . 
  and american universities lead in academic performance in literally every broad subject :, 
  yes and i can find statistics that show quite clearly that europeans are more literate , also our education is pretty damn good , it 's also pretty damn cheaper and more accessible . 
  i am admittedly no expert so i 'm not going to argue about this , i accept that higher education in the us is good . . 
   it 's not necessarily a criticism , just something that i think is better in the us . 
  i like big homes , i hate cramped homes . 
  lol . 
  nice double-standard . 
  really please reassess your use of the term `` double-standard '' . 
  just because you prefer larger homes does n't imply the notion that some people might prefer a smaller more centralised home is a double-standard '' ... lol ... '' . 
  look at la , if people lived in more european style dwellings they might not have to sit in 2 hour traffic jams to get to work everyday . 
   so it 's ok for europeans to depict american culture negatively , but it 's not ok for americans to depict european culture negatively . 
  and here we have it , the foundation of anti-americanism : hypocrisy . 
  if you mean the culture of fast food , intense capitalism , store bought `` identities '' , obsession with physical appearance , pharmaceutical solutions to problems and shameless self promotion than ab-so-fucking-lutely . 
  you wo n't find many europeans making fun of genuine american culture such celebrating thanks giving , your independence or a belief in the constitution . 
  frankly many europeans think many americans have forgotten even what their own culture is meant to represent . 
  and yes i have heard of the erfurt massacre , and the dunblaine one , you still find objectively these type of events happening with less frequency here . 
  you are hilariously simplistic and are just justifying calling me hilariously simplistic . 
  this is coming from somebody who has sampled over 15 different types of ice cream as an adult . 
  it 's hilarious that you think your input is relevant . 
  you should spend more time forming arguments rather than just saying shit that does n't really have any gravitas to it . 
  it 's really weird . 
  no it 's making some pretty good points about your utterly shit argument . 
  you made no points of fact , it was just a load of crap . 
  make a point or go away . 
  ah yes . . quoting the delphic oracle somehow makes you intelligent and adds credence to your argument now , indeed . . this event is surely a deeper and more insightful analysis of us culture than i could ever have provided . 
  and i ask you ? 
  where did i tout the notion that the eu is somehow superior to the us ? 
  actually not at all , because that 's not something i believe . 
  but the very fact that you are demanding this `` proof '' when all i did was rebut the idea that people in the us have a better way of life just really shows what an ignorant fuck you are . 
  do i think europeans are superior , no i fucking do n't , do i think that americans could do with putting less significance on superficial shit like their ability to access commodies like `` root beer , air con and large apartments '' ? 
  yes i fucking do . 
  but seriously enjoy fighting it and trying to make out we 're ignorant because of it , i 'm sure the overwhelming wealth of resources per capita in the 21st century will suit you just fine . 
  my simplistic take that that the rampant gun crime , organised crime , frequency of mass shooting and general atmosphere of fear is somehow indicative of americas cultural failings relative to europe ? 
  also i never said the difference was n't small , does n't make it insignificant though does it . 
  work is freedom !, 
  money is wealth !, 
  consumption is joy !, 
  ( i 'm freaking myself out now ), 
  this probably wo n't get read because this thread is so old but it was worth it !, 
  i hope it was a good egg !, 
  well we feel the need to because our cultures are substantially different . 
  the british isles is n't just one nation is it ? 
  it 's england , scotland , wales , northern ireland and ireland . 
  also the only reason the rest of the world refers to us citizens as americans is because it 's expedient to do so and they 've seen americans doing it , they simply join in . 
  however it makes no sense at all for anyone to join in with the british isles / european distinction if they are n't living in the british isles , merely from a practical perspective . 
  when canadians use the term `` americans '' they exclude themselves too , they distinguish themselves from `` americans '' even though they would n't for a second deny their continent was north america , i think everyone around the world would understand a canadian who used the term `` american '' in this context , they would be understood , i do n't see why uk/irish ca n't do something similar . 
  ok buddy , your capitalised and extended use of `` haha '' has made me uncomfortably certain you 're a crank and fear a stalking . 
  have a nice life you grammatically challenged fellow . 
  i was n't suggesting that was the case in the us . 
  or someone who learnt english from films and fucking hates reading lol, 
  that damn german guy , ruining swastikas for everyone !, 
  it 's downright inconsiderate is what it is !, 
  the royal family would like a word, 
  yes he is `` in a sense '' the cause of the pound coin lock , because he is an international student living near the supermarket . 
  people come from places where there 's a more casual attitude towards borrowing a trolley to nip down the street with , and think the same rules apply every single year despite big ass signs indicating this is not the case . 
  i only stated he was the cause of this to indicate why international students might think these pound coin locks are standard all over the uk , as they 're in use in all the student areas for the reason i mentioned . 
  one university campus supermarket i know have resorted to putting big ass magnets under the footpaths and under the trolleys . 
  hilarious to watch someone unknowingly try and push their trolley over one to be honest . 
  that 's complete bs from an academic standpoint , no offense but any scientist who knows a bit about the theory of science will tell you this . 
  `` everything is subject to science . 
  i do mean everything '', 
  this ca n't be true in the slightest , for example subjects like mathematics , logic and philosophy ca n't themselves ever be subject to the scientific method because in their very nature , they deal with matters of abstract truth and reasoning at the most fundamental level . 
  science does n't even start to occur until we step into the realm of inductive reasoning , which itself makes certain presumptions about how the world is at a metaphysical level ( e.g material , causal , law-like ) that by themselves ca n't ever be `` proven '' scientifically or logically , we just know making fundamental assumptions of this nature are extremely useful sometimes . 
  psychology , and social science generally , can not assume the same state as hard sciences due to the very nature of the material being studied . 
  it really has nothing to with people being `` afraid '' ( academics do n't have such qualms , only lust for research grants ) . 
  at an oversimplified level , the scientific method is premised on the idea that if you control all variables and repeat an event a very high number of times then you 'll be able to predict the outcome of that event with such precision it will be able to take the form of a scientific law . 
  this can not be achieved with living creatures , and even more so when the creature is a human being who is perfectly capable of understanding and speculating about other people 's opinions/motives . 
  one explanation for this might simply be that we can not control variables anything like well enough to achieve more absolute results in psychology , another might be that given that psychology is the study of subjects who by their very nature are capable of understanding psychology it might be impossible for us to ever study ourselves with the same degree of precision as things that are not us . 
  your attitude of `` everything is subject to science '' i would go out on a limb and say is not a rare one on reddit . 
  however it is something i think many scientists would find misguided , and somewhat hopelessly optimistic . 
  it would be nice to think that all we need do is continually and unquestioningly apply the scientific method and eventually everything will be reduced down to the simple and basic , but historically this is n't what happens . 
  it would be nice to also think that the only obstacle to understanding the human subject is bad attitude and negative prejudice on behalf of the public at large , since this would be easier to remedy no doubt , but sadly it 's not the case . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's not the case either ,, 
  `` the intellectual and practical activity encompassing the systematic study of the structure and behavior of the ** physical and natural world through observation and experiment ** '', 
  the subjects i mentioned do n't study the physical and natural world , nor do they use observation or experiments . 
  you are using science to mean something that 's it 's simply not intended to be . 
  study can be made in many more areas than science , but a study must reach certain criteria to be deemed scientific . 
  i 'm sorry you simply need to brush up on the terminology and history of the fields . 
   he physical and natural world encompasses everything . 
  the idea that things we create are n't natural is ridiculous and implies we are beings that can will things into existence like gods . 
  no , this is common misconception of people that have not studied these things in an academic environment in any depth . 
  `` natural '' here does not mean natural in opposition to `` supernatural '' , it 's natural in the sense of the `` natural sciences '' , your assumption that challenging the type of simple materialism ( when you said physical and natural world encompasses everything ) you are espousing implies fantastical entities like `` gods '' , presumes the only alternative to be a type of cartesian dualism of substance ( matter/spirit ) which is n't an notion that is taken seriously anywhere bar perhaps unaccredited religious schools . 
   idea and testing then adjusting your idea to those results and retesting until your idea is shown to be reasonably correct , can be known as a science, 
  no this is n't science , such a definition could be applied to almost anything , fishing for example . 
  i make a hypothesis about where the fish are in the lake and then test my assumption .
