  you can also make a fuss of a minor inconvenience e.g making a fuss because the bus was late . 
  palaver is a disorganised commotion , causing people to become irate , e.g the wedding was a right palaver , the best man got drunk and mentioned that he 'd sleep with the bride before she 'd met the groom , the bride 's mother fainted and we had to stop the groom 's father from punching his lights out . 
  causing a scene is when someone through socially undesirable behaviour acts in a way that would cause bystanders to start rubbernecking out of curiosity . 
  rachel made a scene when she took her top off in the shopping centre and started running around screaming about her ex-boyfriend after too much vodka . 
  so to consolidate , making fuss is when you overreact to something and make an issue about something , a palaver is an event or set of events that go awry , and a scene is when someone acts in a way that draws public attention to themselves in a negative fashion . 
  that said , you could make a fuss of something , causing a right scene , resulting in an absolute palaver , but they 're not the same things . 
  it could be a palaver despite nobody making a fuss or a scene , it could be something unfortunate , the wedding could be a palaver just because something unfortunate happened like the groom 's car broke down on the way to the church . 
  making a scene does n't mean you made a fuss of something , you could just have someone acting like a nutter for valid reasons or intoxication . 
  you can make a fuss of something without it escalating to a palaver if it did n't cause any disruption , and without it being a scene if the behaviour was n't extreme enough to get you funny looks or if it was in private . 
  perrier is officially classier than evian , evian is french piss . 
  `` anything 's a dildo if you 're brave enough '', 
  ~ abraham lincoln, 
  getting downvoted for thin privilege ;p, 
  i do n't get it , are russians and germans not caucasians ? 
  pretty sure hitler would be pissed at this comment . 
  it 's just not a funny joke . 
  the reason being because whilst to you , for a girl to be having sex with five people by the age of 21 is not remotely whorish , and therefore it 's funny to say whore on these grounds . 
  to others having had a sex with five people by the age of 21 is legitimately whorish , and it 's impossible to tell which one you are without looking at your later comments , something which most people wo n't bother to do . 
  one of the older members of my family was a master carpenter , his job was made entirely redundant upon the advent of cad systems . 
  not really , skilled carpentry is especially redundant now . 
  press 1 for a medical emergency , press 2 if there is a fire , press 3 if criminal activity is occurring , to hear more options press 4 or if you want to hear this recording again simply stay on the line , we 'd like to let you know that your call is appreciated and we 'll deal with emergency as soon as possible ... 
  or in any other country for that matter, 
  i would be careful with that . 
  feeling some guilty immediately after doing something wrong , for me at least , is a good incentive to change your behaviour . 
  however holding on the guilt for a long time is unproductive . 
  feel guilty and then move forward is the best way in my opinion . 
  i 've know some people who avoided feeling guilty about anything by just distracting themselves and they tended to make the same mistakes over and over . 
  nice try but you can only be a city in the uk if you 've got a cathedral !, 
  did you think [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxd0k6snjpc ) was sarcastic or something ? 
  birmingham is bostin, 
  seek medical assistance . 
  you 're all southerners south of the wall . 
  i live near the where warwickshire meets oxfordshire , do n't know where the fuck i fit in :( i guess i can call myself a midlanders , but a northerner ? 
  i 'm not even north of the watford gap ? 
  what do i have in common with someone in leeds ? 
  i do n't like apple or their business practices , and will mention it . 
  this would be a huge issue if you ask me . 
  weather - it 'll be 20-30c on the good days for about 3 months a year at best , the rest of the time it could anything between 0-20 , going as low as -10 -0 is not that unusual especially at night in winter . 
  it could rain at anytime of year , sometimes torrential rain , even in summer , there 's no guarantees . 
  do your electrics like rain ? 
  size - wo n't make a blind bit of difference , although in the inner city it helps to be small for parallel parking , hardly a big issue though . 
  if you 're living in london generally a car is just a pain in the arse . 
  roads - average i guess , occasional potholes tend to appear after a cold winter and take a few months to get fixed . 
  more so in the rural areas . 
  the roads are n't really any more full of holes than the us , but potholes do exist . 
  steering - wo n't make any difference, 
  murica - your car will get a fair bit of attention , american car fetishists might approach you and ask you about it . 
  american cars here are rare ( why would be want them with germany just across the sea ? 
  ) , except the regular uninteresting fords of course which seem to be universal . 
  petrol ( gas ca n't be a liquid ) - # 1.30 a litre , that 's # 4.91 for one of your wacky american gallons , that 's $ 8.28 wacky dollars per wacky gallon . 
  if you 're getting 20 miles per wacky gallon you can imagine it 's not going to be cheap at all . 
  buying a car - how long is a piece of string ? 
  you could buy a volvo with 50k on the clock for a few thousand pounds and it 's unlikely to break down ( at least not anything serious ) within 2 years . 
  there are numbers of reasons not to do this though , other than the cost of petrol . 
  waiting for the shipping , insurance prices in the uk , having to convert the car to uk standards within a year , expense of parts should the car break down , lack of knowledgeable mechanics available if it needs some serious work , driving on the left , possibility of not meeting emissions standards for an mot . 
  imo sell it and get a nice european car , you 'll never look back . 
  it 's a crappy system , if you ask me . 
  i was predicted aaa and got abb , my safe choices were aab , so i got nothing ( mostly to do with pressure to go to best uni available ) , went through clearing . 
  went a uni i did n't want to go to and dropped out after a term and a few weeks , still got charged for the whole year ( thankfully it was a while back , pity the sods who pay 9 grand a year ) . 
  ended up going back 2 years later and having a much better time . 
  whole thing was a fiasco . 
  that episode made me start raiding . 
  was n't until sunwell plateau with my guild breaking apart because we could n't make progress on brutalus since half the time we did n't have the healers for kalecgos that i decided this was a waste of time . 
  to be honest wow was a way out for me , my friends at the time were all superficial dicks that only wanted to snort cocaine and present themselves as macho arseholes . 
  bit of a dumb article if you ask me . 
  some of these responses make me think people who were neckbeards are now just equally misguided anti-neckbeards . 
  they were ridiculous teenagers that wore fedoras , were overweight , thought they were nice guys , ended up believing in pua , were elitists about popular culture . 
  now they are guys who gym all the time not because they enjoy it but because they feel like they owe it to society , dress by copying people who are perceived as fashionable or what a men 's magazine says , are super nice and accepting of everyone regardless of what they really think , and stopped caring about popular culture just to fit in . 
  defining your current self through a loathing of your past self is never going to make you a well rounded person . 
  the best advice i ever had was to stop seeing the world in terms of categories and just live , through experience you 'll grow into a more interesting character . 
  if it 's any consolation , do you think the freedom lovin ' ol' usa is letting any europeans in ? 
  nope . 
  neither hub wants to lose its best and brightest to the other . 
  they 'll only make exceptions for highly in demands skills that will have a marked difference on the economy . 
  otherwise what 's to stop half the us intellectuals moving to europe for the culture , and half the eu money grabbers moving to the us for some murican capitalist freedom . 
  it 's absolutely because of the black/asian onlookers , the girls were swedish . 
  that statement you 've just made is pretty racist in itself . 
  every country has its right wing racists nutters , but you 've just made a generalised statement about `` the english '' , this should pretty much eliminate any smug superiority you are experiencing . 
  american football is officially named rugby for girly men in the rest of the world . 
  say the aliens have been watching us for 1000 years , where they going to land ? 
  the place that 's been around since they started or some flash in the pan start up ? 
  thinking about it they 'd probably land in rome , that could lead to all types of trouble . 
  declaration of independence found to be invalid , us military generals swear allegiance to the crown . 
  new taxes on tea products to be implemented shortly . 
  like [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_pfzcn9opak ) , as a briton his accent makes me cringe . 
  as a briton i feel the same about the way americans speak , stop adding syllables you madmen . 
  i do n't know what kind of french you 're speaking if you think \u00e9 is equivalent the long - e in beer . 
  do you even french ? 
  beer is / \u026a\u0259 / , \u00e9 is / e / , approximately the same as the `` e '' in the english word `` stay '' and nothing like `` beer '' . 
  [ source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/help:ipa_for_french ) . 
  you 're either speaking french incorrectly or you 're speaking english incorrectly . 
  same with hwat but it 's still not nice on the ears . 
  blad dis iz mah real axzent , cos i iz from da hood enit , deez mean streetz born n razed blad , ai n't nowhere more ghet-o dan saynt allbans enit . 
  we ai n't even got a jon lewis blad ... 
  - r 's are for commoners, 
  do n't worry , every time i hear an american i ca n't help but think `` that uneducated bastard '' even if they 're an mit graduate . 
  i really do n't like the estuary english accent . 
  real cockney 's i 'm fine with , it 's your dialect and you should be proud of it . 
  but estuary english , there 's no call for it . 
  it 's so vague and nondescript .
