  that little cuntface was just being logical i guess . 
  the way the language works to a 2nd language speaker is an entirely different kettle of fish . 
  learners never write `` their here '' because they first think `` they are here '' and then split second later think , oh but i can contract that so i 'll write `` they 're '' . 
  same with their and there . 
  when a 2nd language speaker uses the possessive they 're aware of the fact that they 're using the possessive . 
  meanwhile native speakers just spew out the language like verbal diarrhoea , very easy to use a homophone or similar sounding word if you 're not paying attention . 
  tolkien 's editor changed all the `` try and `` s to `` try to `` s , tolkien then changed them all back to `` try and `` s . if it 's good enough for tolkien it should be good enough for you . 
  you heard the one about the rail crossing that said `` wait while light is red '', 
  [ this documentary taught me that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9dmiy_dvok ) . 
  utterly terrifying . 
  i do n't know about that . 
  `` der dativ ist dem genitiv sein tod '' , tonnes of germans massacre the language . 
  university is free here , but in my experience you have to swipe your student id to get into the library . 
  `` so i 've got ta give way , i do n't think that 's in the rules somehow . '', 
  err ... yes , that 's exactly what the rules say . 
  if someone overtakes you so they 're in front of you , and then that person is making a turn , you have to slow down until they 're out the way . 
  imagine he was driving a car , if someone overtakes you and then immediately makes a turn , you do n't just drive into the back of them . 
  if you do drive into them its your fault for not slowing and crashing , and that 's exactly what the insurance company are going to tell you . 
  the cyclist thinks that just because he 's on a bike the rules are different for him , what a cunt . 
  sure , if someone overtakes a cyclists and immediately turns across you with no indicators or gap , then they 're being dangerous , you 've got to use a bit of common sense obviously , but she left a massive gap giving him time to slow down , not that he even needed to slow down to be frank , because even if he 'd kept going at a steady speed there still would n't have been a collision . 
  they do n't . 
  uk is mostly metric , but a few things like people 's heights , weights , the distance between towns and the speed of vehicles are still in british imperial measures . 
   freedom units, 
  by freedom units i 'm assuming you mean the british imperial system of weights and measures that was invented by the british and is still partially in use in the uk ? 
  britain has always been a beacon of freedom ( 2nd country in the world to outlaw slavery in 1712 etc. 
  ) , so that would make sense . 
  most americans are too fat to ride bicycles ? 
  care to show some evidence for that , sounds like complete bollocks to me . 
  all i could find is :, 
   also , if the motorist is going to turn left very soon after overtaking , it would be better to wait behind the cyclist instead of overtaking and then cutting left in front of the cyclist . 
  both of those scenarios actually save very little time for the driver if the overtake is performed but is very dangerous for the cyclist . 
  from and article explaining uk cycle laws . 
  i can find nothing in the highway code about giving way to cyclists when turning left except . 
   highway code section 167 :, 
  stay behind if you are following a cyclist approaching a roundabout or junction , and you intend to turn left, 
  which applies only when immediately reaching a junction . 
  the only other rules only applies to not cutting across designated bicycle lanes without giving way . 
  otherwise the cyclist as treated as rear traffic and must slow down to allow traffic to turn left . 
  there is a special rule that allows cyclists to overtake on the left , but that does n't apply when the traffic ahead is turning left . 
  your penance is ten jerusalems and five rule britannias else you face immediate exile in the colonies with the rest of those tea hating traitorous bastards . 
   what class a person is just from the way they pronounce their r 's . 
  works in england too , if you pronounce them then you 're a farmer . 
  in the uk there were two kinds of kid in my experience . 
  the kids who were cool because everyone liked them and the kids that were popular because everyone wanted to stay on the right side of them . 
  it was n't completely mutually exclusive , there were some cool people who hung around with the tough kids , in fact probably only a few were nasty little shits who everyone humoured so they would n't beat them up . 
  also the hard , crazy kids usually knew where the good drugs were . 
  yeah , you need to realise how massively more conservative most of america is compared to the uk . 
  did n't g.w bush masturbate in a coffin while being watched by a group of his peers ? 
  do n't know about you , but when i was 16 you could get good pills ( actually better than the shit you get today ) for # 1-4 each , depending on how many you bought . 
  the pills were better because they tended to either be inactive or good , maybe cut with amphetamine , it was n't the lucky dip experience you get today with weird legal highs . 
  when the mephedrone / m-cat got popular it was selling for a tenner a gram . 
  amphetamine was 15-20 quid a gram when available . 
  weed cost 20 quid for 3.5 grams , and even coke was cheapish at 40 quid a gram . 
  you could easily get a bag of weed and a bag of pills back then for 20 quid and that would be all that anyone would really need . 
  if you could find any pills you could fall back on the other stuff . 
  hardly out of the reach of teenagers to afford that . 
  you 're wrong about that to be honest . 
  as a kid i did more drugs between 14-18 than at uni ( although i certainly did my fair share as a fresher ) . 
  your experience is n't representative of everyone you realise ? 
  i know tonnes of guys i met at uni who had n't even tried weed before they got there . 
  however , it totally depended on what kind of childhood you had . 
  if you grew up on the wrong side of the tracks you certainly got pushed into this shit earlier . 
  for me , it was n't that i grew up on an estate , but because i was the product of divorced parents who did n't have much control , this meant that i additionally had more disposable income to waste on getting high . 
  by the time i was 14 i was just taking the bus/train to the city centre by myself and spending the whole day there at the weekend . 
  we 'd congregate in certain spots and just hang around getting know people , often people a lot older and dodgier than ourselves . 
  it did n't take us long to get into weed , and from that stims like coke and pills . 
  by the time we started sixth form we were all smoking weed virtually non-stop and taking class as every weekend . 
  this was in a private inner city sixth form college fyi . 
  at the same time there were loads of kids there who 'd never tried weed , whose parents controlled where they went , with whom , and when until they passed their driving tests . 
  trust me when i say there were lots of kids getting into stuff way too early when i was a kid , just as there was plenty of kids who were n't allowed out by themselves unless they were going to the cinema , visiting a friend or doing something more wholesome . 
  at university is where most of these people discovered this shit , but for me it was already old hat . 
  by the time i was in my 2nd and 3rd year the only drug i was interested in was weed because it was the only thing that would n't leave me feeling like shit the next day , and otherwise it was most just the occasional bit of regular binge drinking . 
  skins was set in the south west fyi , but i think it 's fair to say that skins was close to what people experienced growing up near to major cities . 
  there was certainly no shortage of drugs in birmingham or manchester when i lived in those cities . 
  somehow it manages to be like both if you ask me . 
  like keep the drugs and shameless posturing of skins but combined with the social awkwardness of the inbetweeners . 
  of course everyone knew some social rejects like the inbetweeners crowd , and everyone knew some sexy sexually promiscuous druggies too , but for most of us it was somewhere in the middle . 
  the elderly certainly still use fahrenheit . 
  this is n't uniquely british , the dutch/germans/danish all seem to do it too . 
  maybe it 's a practice that appeals to germanic cultures . 
  ireland has always struggled with the letter - s though . 
  it 's woo - stuh - shuh sauce . 
  that woo with the same vowel as `` foot '' , and stuh and shuh with the same vowel as `` cup '' . 
  for the sauce it does n't matter if you say woo - stuh or the full name woo - stuh - shuh . 
  worcester is the county 's capital city , and worcestershire is the county itself . 
  i assure you that she did n't say `` wishter '' , if you heard `` wish '' then it 's because of your crazy american accent interfering with hearing the vowels . 
  also the city is warwick but is correctly pronounced `` war-rick '' so you had that right at least . 
  that 's entirely up to you and not at all necessary . 
  no , definitely gloh-stuh and lem-stuh, 
  you alright ? 
  pretty much translates as `` are you still alive ? '' . 
  if we wanted to know how you were we 'd ask `` how are you ? '', 
  or `` are you well ? '', 
  or `` how 's things ? '' . 
  it 's quite logical really , `` alright '' is pretty much the lowest state of wellness our language can muster . 
  we do n't want a detailed response , it does n't matter if your car broke down this morning and had to be towed , and then you trod in a puddle , and then the sandwich shop ran out of your favourite topping , and then you got a headache , and are generally having a shit day , you are still `` alright '' , you are not in any sense of immediate danger or desperate need of aid . 
  that 's basically what we 're asking . 
  if i say `` you alright ? '', 
  and you say `` no , there 's a wild pack of ravenous hounds pursuing me , they 've already savaged 3 of my colleagues , in fact , you 'd better not go that way '' then you can say you 're not alright , otherwise you 're alright . 
  it 's because americans markets on the whole just want everything cheap and impressive imo .
