  it was during this time she ballooned in size through comfort eating and became no longer desirable to men . 
  his whole life mrs pettigrew 's relationship with her son was strange . 
  on one hand , he was the last remnant of the man she 'd truly loved , on the other hand , he was a reminder of the loss of her youth and desirability . 
  on one hand she loved him because she could see his father in him , however on the other hand she slightly resented him for coming into the world . 
  moreover , she greatly feared that he , like his father , would leave her . 
  this lead to her both spoiling him and dominating him , trying to make him dependent almost , the classic overbearing mother . 
  meanwhile she saw mr pettigrew as simply a poor cuckolded fool raising a child that was n't his , someone unworthy of respect , a man who she mentally controlled and was also physically larger than . 
  mr pettigrew put up no resistance and just went along with whatever she wanted . 
  when peter was young this was his model for a loving relationship was set . 
  his definition of love was one tainted by deception and manipulation . 
  to him , attempts to control and take advantage of someone , combined with random undeserved acts of reward , must be the ultimate form of love as shown him by his parents . 
  when he went to hogwarts initially he was bullied , he hated it there because it meant he was no longer spoiled by his mother . 
  being an only child he 'd grown accustomed to being the centre of his mother 's world , and now he was just one of many students . 
  it was only when sirius , james and lupin took pity on him and took him under their wing that he began to enjoy school . 
  being used to being in a somewhat servile position , he was happy to be the butt of their jokes and the clown of the group , it gave him the sense being loved and protected that he longed for . 
  also , being by far the least talented student of the group both in practical magic and academics , being part of the group helped him stay in school and pass the exams because his talented friends would help him out . 
  what happened after school was that naturally , as adult life sets in , school friends take a back seat to girlfriends , jobs and ambitions . 
  of course he still regularly saw the old gang , and they were very welcoming to him , but for the first time ever peter was alone in the world and lacking that sense of purpose that he once had . 
  at this point mr pettigrew dies of natural causes , a little before his time , all the running around after his wife obviously took its toll . 
  this leads to a straining of peter and his mother 's relationship , as she expects him to dote on her as her husband had , despite peter being a young man who should be striking out on his own . 
  around about now the dark lord was beginning his rise to power . 
  peter , lounging around a bar at night , purposeless and drunk , got drinking with some new friends who 'd been sitting nearby . 
  eager to impress and fit into the group he agrees with everything they 're saying . 
  they sense his weakness and are eager to take advantage of him , like typical bullies using peer pressure to convince him to do things . 
  at first it 's just minor acts of crime and mischief , steal this magical artefact , vandalise this person 's house ( little did he know that the artefacts were dark magic and the people 's houses were mudbloods and squibs ) . 
  peter was right at home here , honestly he did n't care for the `` cause '' or why they were doing these things , he simply enjoyed the sense of belonging to a group again , taking up the role he 'd had with the gang back in school . 
  once he revealed to this group was was an animagus able to become a rat then they started to take a real interest . 
  this made him ideal for sneaky jobs . 
  he also let slip his proximity to james , sirius and such , and thus his proximity to dumbledore by proxy . 
  this is when they start talking about taking him to see `` the master '' , a shadowy figure who was only spoken about in hushed whispers and not even mentioned to anyone who was n't solidly part of the group . 
  of course when he 's taken to see voldemort first the time , back when he was seemingly more human at least physically , voldemort is able to immediately pick up on peter 's strengths and weaknesses . 
  he can tell straight away that here is someone desperate for affirmation and belonging , the kind of person who would go to any lengths with the right mix of reward and punishment . 
  the rest is , as they say , history , voldemort was to reduce pettigrew to bowing sycophantic slave with ease . 
  voldemort was actually somewhat disgusted by this subservience but realised its utility . 
  the other members of his inner circle were there on account of being ruthless powerful wizards from proper pureblooded houses who also shared his view about how magic should rule the world . 
  people like lucius malfoy and bellatrix lestrange . 
  however they were bound to him by his power , if for some reason it were threatened he knew many of them would profess not to know him and run the other way , pettigrew , however , was his for life . 
  all the other death eaters resented pettigrew , joining in with voldemort in bullying and him and treating him like a dog , however in some ways they were jealous of his proximity of the dark lord , pettigrew was the one person voldemort did n't feel the need to conceal anything from , because he was so sure of his loyalty that pettigrew posed no threat whatsoever . 
  he was also a fantastic double agent , people tended to underestimate him because he seemed like such a clueless klutz of a man , he could use his rat form to spy on people relatively well , and his friendship with the old gang positioned him as extended member of the order of the phoenix . 
  pettigrew 's mother was left abandoned by her son , he never returned to visit her after he got seriously involved with the death eaters , seriously aggravating her abandonment issues . 
  they did n't speak for some years and the next thing she heard was that he 'd been blown up and was a hero . 
  in many ways , she sickly enjoyed this , because it brought her attention and recognition , the mother of a war hero going to collect her son 's medal . 
  he 'd been no good to her alive since he had n't bothered to contact her in years . 
  of course when the truth came out it destroyed her , and she lingered the last of her days away in a fantasy in which her son was still a hero and the wizard she had loved as a girl had married her and they 'd lived happily ever after , quietly mumbling to herself in a corner of st. mungo 's . 
  so , all in all , why was peter so weak ? 
  it was , of course , the product of his upbringing , his whole life all he 'd wanted was the approval of others and a sense of belonging to something through this approval . 
  his parental figures were both weak and so was he . 
  he was willing to endure and overlook humiliation , manipulation and cruelty to gain this sense of approval , and it was normal to him because of his messed up parents and the relationship template they 'd given him . 
  in many ways , his character is a parable , showing us what happens when someone fails to become their own person . 
  peter was n't naturally evil but was convinced to do evil things simply due to being weak willed and unable to say no to people . 
  children are often naturally very keen for other 's approval and bad at telling when someone is taking advantage of them , it 's not unusual for groups of kids to be followed around by that one kid who gets picked on relentlessly but still hangs around with them everyday as if they were a glutton for punishment , the difference is most grow out of it . 
  peter is showing up how failure to be your own person leads to the ultimate loss of dignity , he shows the vices come in all forms , not just evil people with evil intentions , but how you do n't have to yourself be naturally evil to become a contemptible evil individual . 
  haha yeah , it 's all a matter of perspective . 
  i want to do one for voldemort in which he 's just a normal orphan kid , he stole some things and was nasty to a few kids but nothing terrible . 
  then he 's terrorised by a man coming into his room and setting it on fire , then he is forcibly taken to a world he does n't understand , a so-called `` school '' with terrible health and safety standards , where staircases move while you 're on them without warning , ghosts and monsters abound , they play a blood sport that involves trying to smash bowling balls at other players with bats , and they never get through a year without a few kids in the hospital . 
  over time he begins to realise just how fucked up the magical world is , hiding away beholden to corrupt institutions like the ministry and gringotts . 
  he thinks back to his childhood days and the terrible poverty of his childhood , the illnesses that took his parents easily curable with magic were denied them . 
  that when he formed his plan . 
  to destroy the magical society and to force wizards into the open so that they 'd have to share their powers with the world , curing world hunger and sickness overnight . 
  the only problem is that he knows many of the wizards would abuse their power and treat muggles as slaves . 
  therefore he makes a plan , a stroke of genius if you will , he needs soldiers to take over , so he decides to present himself as following an anti-muggle policy . 
  he knows that that will bring powerful pureblooded families to him , playing off the old prejudices ingrained in wizarding society . 
  he 'll use these people to overthrow the system and then once he 's in control , he 'll kill all his followers in one fell swoop , ensuring all those who would exploit muggles in a world where wizards and muggles lived side by side are dead , now the rest of the wizarding world can come out of hiding with the worst types not around . 
  dumbledore and the potters and co are n't the good guys , they 're just conservatives holding onto a broken corrupt system , a system that allows children to fight dragons in an arena just for the amusement of an audience . 
  a system that allows millions to starve and die the world over for no other reason than they 're too lazy to deal with the problems of non-magical folk . 
  voldemort is the only sane person in an insane world , the only one with the interests of the entire human race , rather than just a small community , at heart . 
  in his mind , magic was a gift given to the human race , not just to a few , and the only way to return to sanity is for magic not to be hidden , which is a fair point really . 
  why would god , if there is a god , give immense power to some and not to others . 
  is n't it the responsibility of the strong to protect the weak ? 
  how is the magical community , hiding away in wealth and abundance while others starve , any different from marie antoinette with her `` let them eat cake ? '', 
  shame about some of the acting and accents ; /, 
  i think that pretty much sums it up . 
  it 's always alluded that mycroft is actually the more intelligent of the two , and that as children sherlock was always being shown up by his brother , that they though sherlock was a bit stupid until they met other children . 
  seems to me that mycroft is similar to sherlock but has a different philosophy towards life . 
  sherlock likes to get involved , mycroft like to be aloof , avoiding the affairs of mere mortals . 
  yeah it 's definitely better than most fan productions . 
  sadly the actors are making the classic mistake that amateur tv actors make which is overacting . 
  this looks good on the stage but the camera just makes it look silly . 
  also it 's clear that they 're forcing the accents which is never a good thing . 
  well i do n't know if he 's the `` good '' guy really . 
  he was willing to kill for his cause , he 's no more the good guy than any violent revolutionary . 
  but just think backwards the wizarding world is !, 
  they throw people in azkaban , essentially a torture facility , on the slightest suspicion of a crime ( see hagrids 's trip to azkaban ) , they execute animals on a whim , they wo n't intervene in the muggle world , even during ww1 and ww2 they kept hidden , they seem to have no concept of personal safety , hogwarts is allowed to send kids into the forbidden forest where there 's plenty of creatures that would kill/eat them for crying out loud , they discriminate against werewolves and all other kinds of intelligent magical creatures . 
  perhaps it 's a world that needs a revolution . 
  fyi mixing tranquilizers and alcohol is a very bad idea , alcohol impairs your judgement to know how much you 've taken and how much more you can handle , both suppress your central nervous system . 
  it 's very easy to take too much with this kind of combo and have your heart stop while you 're passed out . 
  not to get haughty or anything but imo medium rare does n't actually exist , but rather is an invention of the american food industry . 
  older books will correlate `` medium '' with the traditional term '' \u00e0 point '' literally meaning `` on point '' , less literally meaning medium , but ultimately entailing a perfectly cooked steak . 
  rare would be `` saignant '' . 
  well done is `` bien cuit '' . 
  `` bleu '' is blue steak , barely cooked . 
  this was a great system because it was basically just the french terms correlating 1 to 1 with the english terms . 
  the new system is the product of the combination of traditional anglophone anxiety around rare meat combined with steak machismo . 
  nowadays in terms of temperature '' \u00e0 point '' correlates with what would now be called medium rare . 
  `` saignant '' still correlates with rare temperatures and `` bien cuit '' correlates with what would now be called medium temperatures . 
  what an english speaker would call `` well done '' is actually what the french would call `` trop cuit '' , overcooked , good only for giving to the dog . 
  the problems arose because many english speakers would ask for their steaks `` medium '' , receive an '' \u00e0 point '' steak , and then send it back for not being cooked enough because in the germophobic minds of many old fuddy-duddy anglophones anything with a small amount of blood is automatically `` rare '' . 
  later on , as a reaction against this food prudishness , when english-speaking nations started to embrace more european cooking styles it became increasingly considered bad taste to order a steak that was n't cooked as the french would deem suitable . 
  however this did n't change that fact that many english speakers did n't really want their steak `` saignant '' , they wanted it red inside but not much blood because blood grossed them out , however , those same people still wanted to say the word `` rare '' to appear more cultured . 
  thus the term medium rare was invented , to try to compromise on all these issues .
