  no , it was south west england , the - r is n't an american thing , it 's a british/irish/welsh thing that america inherited . 
  it 's a south west accent . 
  there was more than one officer there . 
  clearly what happened was that these guys triggered an armed response unit . 
  the one officer on camera approaches them head on , the other guys were most likely bit farther back waiting to see what was going to happen probably with the guys in their sights . 
  when he shouts support the other officers come in , you can hear them in the video . 
  that 's a crock of shit . 
  the other officers most likely had all the guys in their sights and were observing so they could take them out if they tried to attack the approaching officer . 
  stop pretending you know jack shit about british armed police responses . 
  these guys are highly trained . 
  man are you dumb ? 
  the support was with the officer at the start , they obviously had one member approach and the rest took aim from further away . 
  that way the worst that could happen is the approaching officer is shot but the guys do n't know where the rest of the team is . 
  i hear this myth many times a day on reddit sadly . 
  the pro-gun lobby likes to keep this idea that guns actually make the us more civilised than the uk . 
  according to some the uk is full of teens roaming the streets with knifes beating up old ladies , criminals rule the streets and nobody not even the police have the power to prevent them . 
  all because of some misinterpretation violent crime statistics . 
  i think someone attempted a valid comparison and found the uk only beats the us in knife crime and burglary , knife crime naturally because why use a knife when you can easily get a gun and burglary probably because there is less chance of having your head blown off trying to break in through someone 's window . 
  basically , all the american faults were completely unpredictable and no one could be held accountable for them , whilst the soviet ones were all down to russians being stupider and genetically inferior to americans , making predictable oversights that would have been foreseen by american genius , simple right ? 
  i mean it 's not like accounting for improbable events is something space agencies should do . 
  the soviets were also ruthless and risked the lives of their cosmonauts simply to pretend they could compete with america , when in reality america was miles ahead of them and could 've beaten them sooner if they were n't so damn ethical and concerned for the welfare of their citizens . 
  i live in germany , although i ca n't vote due to being an auslander . 
  i must say i 'm no fan of merkel or her politics , and the politics can be oddly reactionary and stubborn here in germany . 
  i mean the fiasco over google streetview was so pathetic , and when faced with rapid changes in the global landscape induced by technology rather than embracing change many germans seem to like to drag their heels and side with old fashioned beliefs that they wish were immutable . 
  even accessing government services online is a bit outmoded , and contrasts heavily with the private sector here which seems quite a contrast . 
  never really understand the german political mindset , however it 's no worse than anywhere else really , every country has its political quirks . 
  well this is a real video , there 's no doubt about that . 
  perhaps there are elements of police training that you do n't know about . 
  someone had to approach them . 
  maybe they did n't want to give away the location of the other officers who were already lining up for the shot farther away in case they all started to return fire in the direction of the group making it more difficult . 
  i imagine there was 2 or 3 armed officers in the direction behind the camera , waiting to see how the guys with the fake guns would react . 
  going in with 2 or 3 guys head on could lead to a messy fire fight . 
  this way had anyone of them reacted to the lone officer they could have take all four guys down immediately from an angle they would n't be looking at or expecting officers to come from . 
  there 's no point in second guessing the behaviours of the met armed response forces , they are highly trained and will behave differently according to different variables . 
  you ca n't expect them to behave like us cops who tend to follow more dogmatic procedures because they are not an armed response force trained with only these situations in mind . 
  it 's not entirely unusual to see european armed response units use things like non lethal shooting , aiming from limbs et cetera , which to the average us cop would be unthinkable . 
  yeah because i 'm sure your observations of some training tell you everything you need to know about the best tactics for every situation . 
  [ `` you are dead wrong . 
  '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_75ur4u5yes ) cool story bro . 
   i see in this video either says to me that the officer acted outside of standard protocol ( which is totally possible ) or it 's fake . 
  either this is fake , or i know better than this officer who does this for a living . 
  well it 's not fake , however there is a third option which you seem to be so arrogant you ca n't even comprehend , which is there are tactics and strategies that these professional officers followed which you do n't know the first thing about ? 
  oh but naturally it 's either you 're correct or this is fake since you could n't possible not be less expert in this area than someone who does it for a living , you are outrageously arrogant by that way , that 's the only way of explaining your idiocy . 
  wyoming has a ridiculously small population still . 
  for example cornwall in the uk , the tiny bit of foot at the end of england that point towards the atlantic has a similar population . 
  luxembourg has a similar population . 
  size of cornwall - 3,563 km \u00b2, 
  size of wyoming - 253,348 km \u00b2, 
  think about this . . the size of the entire u.k including scotland , wales and northern ireland - 243,610 km \u00b2 and has 64 million people , and there 's still huge chunks of that with nothing but farmland and nature even with that many people . 
  wyoming is like one minor county of the uk having the whole thing to itself . 
  not the final form video lol , the recent one of the drunk girls banging on the windows of mcdonalds filmed by the car behind them . 
  this is just schizophrenia , talking about all sorts of random shit as if everyone in the world knew what it was , mad delusions about people being aliens and werewolves , just a kind of sad ... 
  what a horrible voice/accent . 
  seriously this guy would be the narrator in hell . 
  this is why you have no friends, 
  source ? 
  i really do n't believe those statistics . 
  oecd [ says here that : in the united kingdom , 1.9 % of people reported falling victim to assault over the previous 12 months , much less than the oecd average of 3.9 % ] ( http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/topics/safety ), 
  really do n't think the uk is the highest . 
  jaysus , lots of people found him funny , most of them between 4 and 10 years old . 
  he started as a gimmick on saturday night family television to entertain the kids by falling over a lot . 
  you 're not supposed to laugh at him if you 're over 10 years old . 
  wow so accurate !, 
  yeah i mean seriously does op not want to go back to her bedroom or something ? 
  well there you have it , you 've understood the full depth of the humour , if you 're past the action man stage you 've most likely grown out of it . 
  the only reason he 's on a programme like this is because of nostalgia . 
  you 're not being downvoted for having an opinion , you 're being downvoted for not getting what it 's about . 
  remember guys , making jokes about curry/kebab and a few skins heads making monkey noises at football games = racist as fuck . 
  systematic discrimination in the the job market , bordering on segregated communities , prison populations completely unrepresentative of the percentage of the population that various ethnicities constitute and massive amounts of poverty within ethnic groups = light years ahead . 
  truth is americans are so sensitive about racism because the racism runs so deep . 
  as long as the the white bread families use the correct terminology and make some token gestures on martin luther king day they can keep their black and white suburbs apart whilst refusing to do anything about cities like detroit . 
  this one is classic . 
   my response is always the same . 
  people from other places have a difficult time understanding what freedoms we have because they want a list of acts that we can carry out which they can not . 
  this is n't a very effective approach , as most modern , western countries will be fairly similar . 
  the way to see our freedoms as significant is n't to look at our freedom to _________ but rather our freedom from ________ . 
  my personal favorite way of illustrating this is to ask someone what happens if they get pulled over while driving . 
  if there is an even remotely questionable situation , in any country but ours , their car will be searched . 
  and to most europeans , this is within the rights of the government . 
  however , in america , we are n't subject to these sorts of searches . 
  they sometimes will happen , yes , but there will be breaches of protocol in any country ( even the netherlands ) . 
  the point is that our country was designed from inception to give us freedom from a totalitarian government , which is unique to this day on a global scale . 
  other countries may be free to do x , y , and z because their government allows them to , but are they free from their government ? 
  is their government free from them ? 
  the answer is no . 
  in no other country on earth is the government prevented from infringing on the lives of the people to the extent that it is here . 
  so yes they may have the freedom to fuck hookers in the netherlands , but in the end , we are the ones with the real freedom . 
  many americans actually believe this . 
  to summarise, 
  - no european countries have stricter laws on stop searching vehicles than america . 
  let me repeat `` in america , we are n't subject to these sorts of searches '' ( are you smoking crack ? 
  step out the vehicle with your hands in the air ), 
  - freedoms in other countries are government given freebies designed to appease their population from their real oppression . 
  the freedom to sleep with hookers or smoke weed in the netherlands . 
  they are allowed these things by the government but they are not free from the government like a truly free american . 
  ( only american freedom is real , european freedom is fake freedom ), 
  - no other country was designed to give freedom from a totalitarian government . 
  nowhere else is the government more prevented from infringing peoples ' live than in the usa . 
  the usa is totally free and not at all a corrupt authoritarian regime ( whistleblowers , nsa , freedom of press , lobbying culture , no police accountability ), 
  christmas beef wellington *,
