  the bit where we controlled 1/3 of the earth 's surface . 
  also burning down the whitehouse whilst fighting napolean at the same time . 
  pretty good to be fair . 
  still doing pretty well for ourselves for a small island with virtually no natural resources . 
  marmite is better !, 
  ah yes . 
  the year the british decided to let the bloody whinging colonists fend for themselves and focus on what were then far more profitable enterprises like india !, 
  i think a big difference is that in a lot of europe there is this mentality that if someone is seriously breaking the law ( excluding stuff like fraud and tax evasion ) , living on the edge of society in poverty or harming their fellow citizen , then there is something wrong with them . 
  that no rational person would choose this life and therefore like children they need to be socialised and shown how to live a decent lifestyle . 
  the us mentality is that the same people are simply lazy or inherently evil , that they choose to live a criminal lifestyle because apparently that is easier than a regular job . 
  thus these people know how to be normal , but just do n't want to be . 
  the other difference though is that even as a waiter or shop assistant in a lot of northern europe you can live a decent life with all the necessities of life available , whilst in the us you might have to work 2 jobs with no holidays and barely any freetime just to be as comfortable as a swedish supermarket worker . 
  europe has a notion of the people , a fellowship of people under a national banner . 
  the competant and wealthy have a duty to the weaker and less capable to provide them with a chance to live well within the confines of what is reasonable . 
  the us has the concept of fuck you buddy and feeling little fellowship with your less desirable neighbours who may be of a completely difference background to yourself . 
  with the few thousand troops we could spare on such trivial matters . 
  naturally they fought hard of course , they were british soldiers . 
  many eu countries are already more diverse relative to the size of their native populations than the us . 
  the difference is merely that the us has always been a diverse place that internalised an attitude of being diseparate before concepts like multiculturalism and naturalisation existed . 
  thus the attitude of fuck you not my problem towards people from different cultures is more prominent . 
  i love how you can spin a tornado fucking up your own country into a tornado attacking the british that just happened to be nearby at the time !, 
  to be fair some nutters did try and claim vietnam as a victory . 
  i 'm sorry i did n't realise we were all special snowflakes that ca n't take a joke now . 
  all trolling used to be was winding up people who take things they read on the internet too seriously . 
  trolls never treated people like dicks , the people who went rage mode over the musings of humourous internet sockpuppet acted like dicks . 
  that 's why it was so funny . 
  in real life people are often facetious , sarcastic , satirical and so forth . 
  why when it 's the internet are you suddenly owed a completely earnest opinion ? 
  i can only assume you are humourless and gullible , getting your knickers in a twist the moment someone is mildly disingenuous , and that 's why you hate trolls . 
  many us civilian remained . 
  that 's why the patent office was preserved after they pled with the british for its exemption . 
  there were also reports of us civilians being killed . 
  still comparing that to the 220000 british troops raised against napoleon it 's clear that britain could 've have won had there been support for the war at home . 
  on the other hand , you say they wo n't care , but sometimes you 're just chatting to a girl on a night out and they drop the whole `` my boyfriend ... '' prematurely it comes off as quite egotistical . 
  makes me think she 's on of those girls who thinks men only want one thing and ca n't have genuine friendships with the opposite sex . 
  got to use discretion here i 'm afraid . 
  i still agree it 's good to get it done earlier rather than later , but also understand thar just because a guy chatted to you for 15 min at a party does n't mean he wants into your pants . 
  this is easy i 'd take the flip . 
  however i 'd find some rich invester and get him in on the bet . 
  i 'd say you give me 300k , however if i win the bet you get 3 million , if i lose i keep the 300k . 
  so either way i 'm either 200k up on what i 'd have from not flipping or 97 million up . 
  some rich invester get a 50 % chance at turning 300k into 3 million , a sound investment for those with money to spare . 
  i 'll also add it might be possible to get better odds and be given 1 million for the sacrafice of 6 million if you win or something , and you could negotiate yourself a pretty sweet deal . 
  and clearly two young lads on a night out would 've had their hand guns ready to defend themselves . 
  idiot ... 
  exaggerating slightly perhaps , but the british could have easily brought twice as many troops had their been the impetus for it . 
  true , there 's always horny socially retarded losers who lack any social grace whatsoever . 
  carrying firearms whilst intoxicated and frequenting nightclubs sounds like a great idea . 
  fyi america we were n't playing capture the flag . 
  mostly because we did n't particularly want you tbf . 
  had 200,000 british troops been sent i doubt even jackson would 've had a chance . 
  as someone said in this thread earlier . 
  the british public were against the war as were the opposition party in parliament . 
  america was n't all that profitable compared to places like india and china that held resources that could n't be acquired anywhere else in the world . 
  the colonials were troublesome and not really worth the effort . 
  there was no advantage to having america as anything more than a trading partner . 
  the troops sent were pretty much just a large share of the standing peacetime army and mercenaries . 
  had america been important to british interests far more troops could 've been raised and it would 've been a british victory , however it simply was n't worth the expense . 
  well that 's not to say those in power did n't want it at all . 
  obviously there was some advantage to it and they certainly did n't want it to fall into french or spanish hands , but remember war was pretty much business as usual in those days . 
  it 's just that britain never really threw everything she had at the us , it 's indicative of the era that human life and the expense of war were n't really a big deal to those in power at the time . 
  as soon as the opposition party was elected the british sued for peace , for the british it just never was total war . 
  stop blaming us for your woes . 
  you 're basically us . 
  it was call the jacobean dynasty for nothing . 
  why are so many nationalistic americans upvoting the guy above him ? 
  why do you even want them ? 
  so your map looks prettier ? 
  seems pretty stupid when the majority of people living there want to be british ... 
  no not the guy saying it was a tie . 
  the one above him saying it was a us victory . 
  not a good point at all especially since new orleans was after the war had already ended . 
  some people are dumb ? 
  just as some girls will assume they 're being hit on when someone is just making conversation . 
  wow just wow , it 's someone else 's responsibility to tell you there is more to the spoken word than harry potter . 
  jesus christ how entitled are you , you have no one to blame but yourself . 
  finishing the books should 've left hungry to read more not fixate over a book aimed at children . 
  stop being such a first world entitled moron . 
  none of those things are true . 
  you are living in a fantasy , i can only assume you 've read some deluded right wing blog and taken it as the truth . 
  if you 'd ever been here you 'd know the vsst majority are centre left and tolerant , unlike america where blacks are scene as virtually a different species . 
  sorry , but you 're living in a dream world . 
  this is hilarious . 
  half those articles are from unreliable sources , another bunch are sensationalist nonsense . 
  the couple that might have the tiniest traction are effecting the tiniest number of people in far eastern europe . 
  you may have a black president , but you also have outward racists going on tv and talking about the ferguson case and so forth and no one bats an eyelid . 
  then you have police openly discrimating and imprisoning black suspects . 
  how socially backward you are should be completely obvious by how your dropping ablelist language at me like it were nothing . 
  you are frankly just jealous of our progressive societies to the point of raging and frothing at the mouth . 
  i 'm sorry you were n't born in the first world and need to delude yourself that we 're not decades ahead of you in terms of social progress , it 's ok whatever lies you need tell to sleep at night . 
  fyi nobody gave you racist abuse in europe , if anything they abused you for being a socially graceless american moron . 
  enjoy your country where blacks make up a hugely disproportionate segment of the prison population . 
  where you 're not entitled to a fair trial because of the colour of your skin . 
  where tourists are routinely warned not to drive through black areas because of car jacking . 
  where black areas or ghettos are even a thing . . 
  the country where segregation only ended 50 years ago and many whites see you as a sub species . 
  where putting mixed race couples on tv is still controversial issue and many have the attitude that races should n't mix . 
  naturally all those things are better than a few football hooligans making monkey noises , the honest truth is american racism is far more sinister covert and deeply embedded in the society than the odd idiot chucking a banana at someone . 
  i 'm curious as an auslander living in germany what you 're cynical about ? 
  on the whole i find life pretty good here .
