  this is why in english we write `` bee '' and in german they write `` biene '' , rather than simply writing `` bi '' . 
  when latinising these languages scholars had to find the closest latin approximant to the `` bit '' sound , and `` i '' was chosen and is still used today . 
  technically there is no solitary `` bit '' sound in most romance languages , for example in spanish it is only used in murcian and eastern adalusian dialects , in french it is only used in quebec . 
  [ here is a list of all languages and dialects that use this vowel sound ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/near-close_near-front_unrounded_vowel ) . 
  diphthongs are an entirely different kettle of fish . 
  anyway i hope can see my point now . 
  the reason the english - i does n't sound like the spanish - i is because when the germanic languages were latinised this letter had to encompass two different sounds . 
  what you said about most languages using - i for an `` ee '' sound was inaccurate because most germanic languages use - i for two sounds ( one of which is like the english version , the other the romance version ) and many germanic languages have developed alternative ways of writing the `` ee '' sound for clarity 's sake ( english , dutch , german as some off the top of my head ) . 
   the op seems to be asking whether you can reverse a natural language 's syntax and still end up with something like a natural language . 
  well this seems like a different question to me . 
  what `` like a natural language '' is does n't seem to me to be the type of thing that can be arrived as with a logical proof . 
  it is not an analytic truth , something being like a natural language is not logically necessary . 
  again the op 's term `` grammatically consistent/valid '' is ambiguous . 
  i think the idea that natural language can be reduced to a formal language is unrealistic and not something most linguists would hold to be the case . 
  formal language is great for analysing the logic of natural languages , but natural language is not reducible to it . 
  for something to be logically demonstrable in the form of a proof it needs to be truth by virtue of logical necessity , op 's question does not seem to be of the kind that is true by logical necessity , although i 'm still confused by what he actually means . 
  finally , syntax is arbitrary in the sense that is not logically necessary . 
  p & ~ ~ p  p is a logical truth . 
  how a syntax is constructed is not a logical truth , it is contingent . 
  sure it 's not arbitrary in the sense of being entirely random , certain syntactical structures will be more prevalent in natural languages by virtue of them being more practical for speakers to use and so forth , but it 's still not a logical necessity that one syntax exists and another does not . 
  to , me linguistics is principally the study of empirical facts about how languages work in the real world , formal logic is the study of analytic truth , truth by necessity , while there is some cross over , for example , formal languages giving a tool to analyse natural language arguments , i do n't see how a concept like `` grammatically consistent '' would be converted in a purely logical concept , and therefore do n't see how one could formally prove something was grammatically consistent . 
  it 's like asking for a formal proof of the height of a building imo . 
  then again if i 've missed something and grammatical consistency can be reduced a logical concept then such a thing may well be possible . 
  well if you can define natural language as a logical concept , then you can do a proof to decide if something meets its criteria . 
  personally i do n't see how such a thing is possible , i have a hard time even imagining how natural language could be a logical thing rather than an empirical thing . 
  to me it seems like such a thing would still depend on a value judgement about natural language and what it constitutes , which would make it more a theory than a proof , it would still require premises based on observation , it would not be true by virtue of the axioms of a formal language . 
  i do n't think you need to think natural language is entirely reducible to formal logic to do generative grammar imo , or at least i 've never read it that way . 
  my background in the philosophy of language has left me with the impression that all attempts to reduce meaningful statements down to either observation empirical truths or logical truths has failed . 
  i have no special knowledge in generative grammar , but i have studied logic , linguistics and the philosophy of language , and i 'm still at loss how one would go around making a formal proof that something is grammatically consistent . 
  that would depend where the hell someone is in the world . 
  in the uk i would say definitely not . 
  coke is everywhere because it 's the big money spinner , but ecstasy and mdma is still more of a niche thing even though it 's not that niche compared to many other drugs . 
  there are coke dealers in every big uk city who do nothing but drive around until 5 the morning playing thousands of pounds a night sometimes . 
  people who sell pills and mdma seem to be running it as a sideline to make extra cash or fund their own usage , or sell coke primarily and just do that on the side . 
  i do n't believe it 's hard to find coke in much of the us , especially in the south , since it comes straight over the border . 
  however in somewhere like australia ecstasy would probably be more easily found than coke since clandestine labs can produce it from raw materials which are readily smuggled in from se asia , while coke can only be produced in south america . 
  ghost chups everywhere, 
  imo england has a lot of chubby and overweight people but we do n't really have so many behemoths , or if we do they have become embarrassed enough not to flaunt it . 
  this means that if you are a bit overweight you certainly catch more flak for it than in america , where an extra stone or two pales in comparison to the real fatties . 
  what strikes me as most shocking in the us is not the husky people but the morbidly obese ones that do n't seem to care . 
  really america 's reputation is caused by a small minority of obvious giants , and not so much by an average trend of being a bit chunky ( although this trend does exist , but also exists in much of the developed world ) . 
  that 's just the modern way to do it . 
  obviously it does n't work if your bathroom is carpeted . 
  that 's really just a london thing . 
  [ not true ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/3e/world_map_of_countries_by_number_of_cigarettes_smoked_per_adult_per_year.svg/2000px-world_map_of_countries_by_number_of_cigarettes_smoked_per_adult_per_year.svg.png ) the smoking per capita in the us is similar to that in most of europe , the difference is more to do with the social acceptability of it . 
  american smokers have to sneak off and hide , europeans smoke openly with worrying what people will think . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  you do sometimes get the sausage and bun separate unless you ask for in the bun , but there is always ketchup and mustard available , you probably just need to ask for look for the squirty bottles hanging out at the side of the kiosk . 
  west midlands ?? 
  birmingham , coventry , wolverhampton , all known for their fine curry ? 
   it is possible . 
  that 's what formal language theory addresses . 
  math manifests in the world as empirical things . 
  we see empirical evidence from natural language which allows us to refine our formal definitions of it . 
  in that sense at least , it is n't any different than taking empirical observations of the movements of the planets to inform models on orbital mechanics . 
  hang on a second here . 
  obviously we use math and logic in our analysis of empirical events , that 's most of what science is , however that does n't mean we can ever have a logical proof of something that is empirical . 
  the laws of physics are not more logically necessary than the rules of cricket . 
  in that respect we can no more have a logically derived definition of a `` natural language '' than we can have a logical proof that `` some chickens lay eggs '' . 
  we can check an argument for it 's logical consistency , we can formulate a logical definition of something we know from observation but that will never be proved in the strict sense of the term . 
  i think we have crossed wires about this point , you seem to be talking about formulating formal logical expressions of various real world concepts , i am talking about proving those concepts by necessity in the strict sense of a logical proof . 
  no that bit i 'm willing to believe because that 's how it 's often done here , you have to specify if you want it in the bun sometimes . 
  you are buying a bratwurst and a br\u00f6tchen in the same way you buy a burger and fries in the us , you would n't expect the fries in the burger , i think it 's because of the way currywurst is eaten here , you get the currywurst either with a roll or with pommes frites , they do n't stick it in the roll for you , it 's not a sandwich . 
  however there are always condiments , you might have to ask for them but they are always there . 
  also you just need to ask for your sausage in the roll and they 'll give it to you that way . 
  obese does n't actually mean so grossly overweight they offend the eyes though , it means bmi of 30 or above , which is simply the level of statistical deviation from what doctors consider an average healthy weight for someone of that size . 
  most body builders are obese for example , many people who are categorised as obese simply look fat to us , they are not so fat they ca n't walk properly or struggle fitting through doors , they 're just carrying extra heft . 
  for example a man at 100kg or roughly 220 pounds at about 6ft would be classified as borderline obese , and people at these kinds of weights are so common they do n't really stick out to us . 
  the ones that really stick out are the morbidly obese and severely morbidly obese , the kind that have mobility issues and such . 
  in casual speech we tend to think of obese as so fat someone struggles going up stairs , when in fact it 's factually a term for someone who is simply overweight to the point where doctors show a greater amount of concern . 
  well often those statistics are just going of bmi because height and weight data is far more easy to collect than body fat percentage . 
  be clear i was talking about the bmi definition of obesity . 
  you can be bmi obese and not particularly in danger of health issues if your body fat is lower . 
  sure you can say such people are not really obese , not if they have a lower % body fat than average people that weight , but it 's still bmi obesity that most studies use . 
   obese means that someone is significantly overweight , not just chubby, 
  this does n't make sense as a statement . 
  whether we perceive someone to be chubby , fat , or grossly overweight is entirely a matter of subjective opinion . 
  whether someone is actually obese ( not simply defined as obese by bmi ) is a medical fact about someone that a doctor should decide . 
  there are plenty of people who we might perceive as simply chubby due to body shape , clothing , whatever , who are actually obese , and even more people who we 'd perceive as merely chubby are defined by bmi as obese ( even if they 're not actually obese by other standards ) . 
  the point is whenever people see a man of 225lbs and 6 foot tall walking down the street , the majority of us do n't go , `` oh look at that obese man '' , maybe it 's a sign of falling standards but when we see people of such a size we do n't even think `` look at that unusually fat man '' , we just think `` that guy 's a bit fat '' . 
   not everyone obese is large enough to struggle with walking but most obese people are at higher risk of things like diabetes , knee and hip problems and shortened lifespan if they stay that way for a long time . 
  i 'd go further than that and say that everyone who is overweight is risking that , the danger does not jump between a bmi of 29 and a bmi of 30 . 
  what strikes me though is that the general public 's concept of obesity seems to set the bar physically way higher than it is , when actually we do n't even tend to notice people being overweight until they 're already obese or at least approaching obesity . 
  edit : [ for example look at this picture i found ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ncn7nzv.jpg ) , a before and after , most people would call the version on the left obese , the version on the right would merely be fat or chubby , what people do n't realise is that the guy is obese in both pictures , even on the right he has a bmi over 30 and a body fat percentage over 25 % . 
  people like the guy on the right do not stand out particularly , while the version of him on the left definitely does . 
  edit2 : i do n't know why this is marked as controversial , i ca n't tell if people downvoting because they think i 'm defending obesity ( i 'm not ) , or whether they do n't like that i 'm labelling people as such weights as obese ( which they are medically defined as being ) . 
  my point is merely is that the layman will tend to not use the term obese for someone until they 're at least class 2 obese and maybe even class 3 obese . 
  you walk past dozens of class 1 obese people every time you leave the house and they do n't stand out . 
  well on average the germans are n't very fat !, 
  ( i 'm in germany ) although the difference between between the uk and germany does n't seem that pronounced . 
  plenty of overweight people here , being really big is still quite shameful though . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  look at the stats i linked . 
  us has more smokers per capita than uk , france , netherlands , norway , sweden , finland , it 's about on par with germany afaik . 
  farts stink but we do n't make them illegal , however passive smoking is a real concern which is why it 's illegal to smoke in any building except a private residence in much of europe , unlike a lot of places in the us . 
  the big difference is that it 's more socially acceptable to smoke outside a building in europe , while in america it 's less so . 
  heathrow 's not london , it 's the world 's waiting room . 
  are you seriously getting annoyed because i was n't pc about overweight people ? 
  that 's so neckbeardy . 
  why , because i used a word you did n't like ?
