  `` what a waste '' is what i think whenever i see someone that fat . 
  it sounds harsh but hear me out , i 'm not suggesting that obese people can have no quality of life or that their lives are n't worth anything , but i think when it comes to achieving their full life potential obese people are automatically putting themselves at a disadvantage in many ways . 
  sure , we 're almost all carrying a few extra kilos asides for the fitness buffs , but once you get fat to the point of it really being the most striking fact about you , once it starts to affect your interactions with people , once it becomes patently clear that you 're not as mobile or able to exert yourself as the rest of the population , not only is creating a stigma around that personal issue you 're facing , and making people perceive you as less attractive in somewhat less of a positive light , but also affecting your real world capacities . 
  thus , however much someone achieves in their life despite their obesity you can always be certain that their lives would 've been improved by not being obese . 
  that in a parallel universe in which they were in a more normal weight range they 'd almost certainly be a slightly happier , slightly more confident , and slightly more physically capable version of themselves , and it 's sad that person has n't been realised for the simple reason that they ca n't stop consuming more food than their body needs to perform its function . 
  i live in mainland europe . 
  that feeling when being 10 kilos above your ideal makes you the fatty in the room . 
  ok , so the first important thing to understand here is that currency traders are entirely focussed on what the market is going to do . 
  what they care about is whether the price of euros will go up or down relative to another currency . 
  the next thing to understand is what the market will do is the product of the sum total of all the currency changes being made . 
  when more people are buying euros the price goes up , and when more people are selling it goes down . 
  so what traders are trying to predict is n't what 's good for the economy , but rather how the aggregate of all traders everywhere are going to behave . 
  we 're already a whole layer of abstraction away from what actually is or is n't good for the economy . 
  then you realise that the traders we 're trying to predict the behaviour of are also looking at the data making decisions based on what they think other traders are going to do . 
  yes , we 're all thinking about what the majority of other people are thinking while the people the people we 're trying to predict are doing exactly the same and trying to think about what other people will do . 
  they are doing exactly what we 're doing , trying to see things before other do so they can beat the trend , because ultimately that 's how you make money trading . 
  now we 're into this kind of infinite regress of people trying to predict the behaviour of people who are trying to predict people . 
  you can see how this moving a long way a way from the real economy . 
  for example , there may be some objectively very bad news for the economy , but if the majority of traders , for some reason or another , do n't believe that the news is going to cause more people to sell a currency , then it becomes a self-fulling prophecy as people wo n't sell and the currency wo n't go down . 
  the reasons traders have for believing a currency will or wo n't be bought or sold are always far more complex than , this news will be mean the overall economic situation will be better , or this news means it will be worse . 
  much rather there is a vastly more complex logic behind it based on previous market reactions , the general state of the market , general economic sentiment , and loads more variables . 
  really there are only two viable ways to trade currencies . 
  one is to take a purely mathematically approach and use incredibly detailed statistical analysis to test very complicated numerical premises in the hope of finding a strategy that wins more than it loses . 
  the people who do this care not a jot for why these numerical premises up out as winners , and do n't even try to explain why they work in terms that we might consider `` rational '' in the human sense of meaning having some graspable causal logic . 
  they only care if their current algorithm is functioning at a acceptable level of return right now . 
  there other approach is more `` human '' to use market strategies . 
  this type of trading can , but does n't have to , take into account why the market reacts to x y or z condition in a certain way , but unlike what most people believe , these strategies are vastly more complex based on how the strategist thinks other actors are perceiving the market and looking for things they might have missed . 
  it 's based on what you think millions of other actors are thinking , and is n't directly to do with the real economy in any sense . 
  both these models of trading typically avoid `` news '' as news is an unknown quantity in the currency market , generally considered to be completely unpredictable and will mess with any patterns in the behaviour of the currencies that had been emerging previously . 
  thus most traders actually stop trading around these times so they do n't get any nasty surprises . 
  that said , there are people who trade the news , however , it 's actually probably the hardest route to take a trader and is the type of trading people are most sceptical of . 
  there are n't so many people who claim they get rich trading the news , but from what i understand it mostly involves having a deep insight into how various big players i.e banks , including national banks , are going to do to a ) manage their risk b ) protect their currencies and keep them within a range of value they deem optimal as much as they realistically can . 
  you 're not really trading the news , your trading what people with access to billions are going to do in reaction to that news , and those people are always trying to manipulate the market , so their doing something sneaky to throw the market off is quite probable . 
  the final thing to understand is that currency traders only really have to be right 51 % of the time to become millionaires . 
  a bit like being a casino , if you can change the odds to mean you win ever so slightly more than you lose , you 'll have good days and bad days , but ultimately you are the `` house '' and you always win over the long term . 
  this means you can just keep increasing the size of your bets relative to your `` pot '' and infinitely increase your capital without exposing yourself to any greater real financial risk . 
  if the best traders in the world only manage to be right ever so slightly more than they 're wrong , and these are very clever people entrusted with millions of pounds who do it for a living ( and literally eat , sleep , breath , and shit the markets ) , you can start to see how naive it is to read causality into simple relationships between currency movement and political outcomes . 
  nobody is denying that news does n't impact that markets , there 's a clear correlation between political events and market reactions , but that 's about as far as it goes . 
  how the market will react is never a simple question of goods news price goes up , bad news price goes down . 
  it 's very easy to find logic after the fact , we 're just becoming like religious thinkers , finding reasons to believe what we want to believe anyway , like a caveman finding patterns in rock formations are assuming that it must 've been built by giants . 
  a currency value can be a barometer for economic health , but it requires the long term data to be analysed by an economist if there 's any `` meaning '' to be found . 
  lots of newspapers are reporting every little twitch as if it 's deeply significant and supports a certain political outlook , which is dangerous as such logic can be used to support or deny virtually any political opinion at various times . 
  literally the only reason to trade currencies rather than go to the bookies is that in a bookies the `` house '' is bent and will manipulate the odds to ensure they win more than you long term , that 's how bookies get rich . 
  at least with currency trading the odds are determined by those placing bets rather than by what the bookie decides will make him the most money to offer . 
  one would have to be even more correct in ones predictions to beat the bookie with the cut he 's taking . 
  still forex trading does in a sense have `` the house '' as the broker wo n't offer you a currency trade at the exact price it 's valued at , but rather there will be a small cost on top , so you ca n't just make infinite trades and hope more are winners than losers across millions of trades . 
  you do have to choose your trades in a sense , and interestingly the cost added on top differs depending on the number of people who are also trying to buy a currency , which means jumping onto existing strong moves is always less profitable than it seems because the broker will charge more for the trade . 
  this is why everyone wants to be first to spot a trend , as joining later is less profitable as it will cost you more to get in on the action and thus you have to be even more certain it 's not going to fizzle out or bounce . 
  yep , fx is really quite the trip once you start to get a handle on what 's actually going on there . 
  what amazes me is how hard traders have to fight against the natural human instinct to find meaning where is there is none , and also the dangers of both optimism and pessimism . 
  the burn out rate amongst forex traders is insane and the best can really only hope to have a few good years in them , it 's amazing how they can tilt once they lose their psychological edge and become to ingrained into a pattern of thinking or lose sight of what they 're trying to do . 
  that said , i do n't feel made for them as a few years successfully trading fx should have made you rich so at least you 've got that going for you . 
  it 's the suckers who lose everything you 've got to feel bad for . 
  yeah , apart from being just a pretty standard youtube animation and nothing like rick and morty . 
  pro-tip - do n't compare yourself to others when introducing your content , it makes you look desperate . 
  people actually changing money to use only makes a tiny portion of the currency exchange market . 
  so little that it it 's actually pretty much inconsequential . 
  not sure what you 're so suspicious of mate ? 
  the forex turnsover more than 4 trillion usd a day . 
  in real terms the smallest amount of money you can actually trade on it is something like 1 million dollars , that 's why brokers offer the services they do . 
  traders trade theoretically through brokers who keep a running tally of who earned and lost what . 
  real money only changes hands behind the scenes when brokers do agreements with banks . 
  the banks actually do buy and sell money with each other and but the broker market works quite differently . 
  i can assure that the vast majority of that 4 trillion traded daily is speculation and not people shifting assets into different currencies to spend in the real economy . 
  edit :, 
  found this on wikipedia :, 
   an important part of the foreign exchange market comes from the financial activities of companies seeking foreign exchange to pay for goods or services . 
  ** commercial companies often trade fairly small amounts compared to those of banks or speculators , and their trades often have little short-term impact on market rates ** . 
  nevertheless , trade flows are an important factor in the long-term direction of a currency 's exchange rate . 
  some multinational corporations ( mncs ) can have an unpredictable impact when very large positions are covered due to exposures that are not widely known by other market participants . 
  it 's weird how the russians seem to be stuck in that late 80s early 90s mode of football hooliganism while in the uk it 's pretty much not a serious issue anymore . 
  they always want to hit the uk as if to show that they can beat the ones who invented the culture but ironically the uk has moved on for the most and they 're just fighting drunk idiots . 
  the point i 'm making is that using every movement as proof of some political premise or another is just bad lazy journalism , not that there is no relationship whatsoever between political events and the currency markets . 
  the other point is that reactions to news can be erratic , and sometimes the market does n't do what we expect it to do . 
  at best the market tells us something trivial . 
  for example , most people think traders will be bullish with the euro if macron wins , and when macron got through trading was consistent with that belief . 
  when you subtly implicate , as newspapers like to , that this or that currency shift has a bearing on the premise : macron will be good for the french economy , you 're engaging in superstitious type thinking . 
  my more complicated story is meant to get people to think about why currency fluctuations keep getting posted here since brexit , and what they think the actual meaning of those fluctuation are . 
  i 'm glad if people want to discuss the economy , but it seems that of late tonnes of minor moves are being reported as if they were of some kind of deeper political significance , when really it 's a dishonest way to support an agenda . 
  i think trying to support agendas with economic data that many do n't really understand is what 's really misleading . 
  [ sorry , what was that ? 
  ] ( http://cdn.history.com/sites/2/2015/04/hith-british-burn-washington-dc-200-years-ago-e.jpeg ), 
  what actually happened is that you got your arses thoroughly kicked and were chased all the way down to louisiana . 
  you then sued for peace which the british granted as they were already fighting the french . 
  then some guy called jackson has some success routing the british north but at this stage the war was already over and nobody knew about it because news travelled so slow in those days . 
  america really got off quite lightly in that war as they were expecting the british to be so busy fighting napoleon they would n't be able to afford to fight so hard in north america . 
   our justice system is and has been for hundreds of years , considered very fair , but we see small sharia courts opening for muslim issues in the uk . 
  that 's bollocks mate . 
  you perception of the world is being fucked with by people with agendas . 
  what we actually have a quasi-legal tribunal things which both parties have to agree to submit to the judgement of before those tribunals have any power whatsoever , and even then any judgement they come could easily be overturned by a real court should it be found to be contradicting british law . 
  the reality is that if we did n't give some kind of legal status to such courts people would just make them informally , which would mean you 'd have people willingly following the decisions of muslim religious leaders without any legal record or accountability , and we 'd have no idea if what people were being instructed to do was contrary to british law or not . 
  in britain the only binding law on anyone is british law . 
  the only problem is that deeply religious of people of all faiths will choose to have their religious authority decide things for them . 
  they are going to do it anyway regardless of the law anyway , in the same way a catholic couple might choose not to divorce despite it 's legality . 
  it 's much smarter to provide some legal framework for this to ensure religious authorities are n't encouraging anyone to do anything that contravenes the law of the land . 
   for example , my views on culture are much more nationalistic than someone who grew up in london . 
  i believe culture is a national thing and if you move to a country , you should be expected to integrate into that culture rather than expecting that culture to change for you . 
  i do n't think any of that is true mate . 
  very few people do n't encourage integration . 
  surely the point of multiculturalism is that we enrich each other by have a greater plurality of outlooks which ultimately brings about a synthesis of ideas and opinions superior to any of the individual cultural perspectives we originally started with .
