  you , of all people , speaking german , should understand that there 's nothing inherently wrong or comical about waterstuff . 
  this is something i stress to students all the time , that germanic roots are useful when learning english , as long as you realise that just because a word means the same thing at a fundamental level does n't mean it has exactly the same sense , but just because a word differs in sense or nuance does n't mean it 's a `` false friend '' or a completely unrelated word . 
  take `` unterweg '' for example , unterweg and under way do mean the same things in essence , and this can be a useful way to remember what they mean . 
  just because english speakers do n't casually go around saying `` i 'm under way '' in day to day life does n't make them totally different , and close translation that is lacking in nuance is better than doing something like always translating `` unterweg '' as `` travelling '' and using it completely incorrectly in a different context . 
  the point is that the difference between these words is n't their base level meaning , it 's their use , and if you understand that , rather than simply see the word as having `` a meaning '' or number of meanings , you 'll comprehend the language at a more fundamental level . 
  i see language learners freaking out when they get to more advanced levels and see words used in a way that they 're unfamiliar with , and it 's usually because they did n't differentiate the more base level meaning of a word from a use they were familiar with . 
  for example , they wo n't understand a phrase like `` stuff of legends '' , because they 've only seen stuff used in the context of things you own , so when they read it they see `` personal articles of legends '' which makes no sense whatsoever . 
  but when you understand that at a base level stuff means `` material '' , and is simply often used when referring to your personal possessions , you can quickly understand what the phrase `` stuff of legends '' is talking about . 
  this would actually be harder . 
  most of the bread and butter words of english are germanic , most of the high register words are latin . 
  it 's fun to invent new germanic alternatives for high register words , however changing the basic core words of english for something latinate would just seem weird and less fun . 
  no it 's wortschatz . 
  vokabeln is in the german language , but it 's adoption that means the same . 
  nope , although people here do n't seem to understand that german has lots of latinate words too . 
  i know this , but it 's not just one language called germanic . 
  it was called proto-germanic and it was more a set of related dialects / languages . 
  saying `` both come from a language called germanic '' is just a bit over simplistic . 
  yes and no . 
  i agree that i would love for there to be more episodes ( assuming quality did n't suffer ) , which would mean they could take their time . 
  however , i do n't feel like they 're rushing right now at all . 
  in fact i feel like the plot is crawling sadly . 
  what seems to happen is we have a bunch of episodes with only minor plot events and tonnes of character interaction , and then the big plot events get rushed through in a single episode that probably cost the studio more money than the previous 3 combined . 
  right now i 'm watching episodes and willing something big to go down , but just get endless long scenes talking about soup , trying to play games with unsullied , or watching the brothraki debate the top 5 things in life . 
  somehow it manages to feel like the big things get skipped over and rushed , but in the meantime we get filler content of characters interacting with each other while nothing is going on . 
  you think that 's shocking ? 
  you sweet summer child . 
  they were n't just willing to fuck the soviet occupied countries , they were willing to nuke half their european allies to serve as a buffer from invasion . 
  this would have most likely seriously fucked up germany and other parts of central europe and hundreds of thousands would 've died in the ensuing chaos . 
  to be fair we often have funny words on the bottle in the uk and other european countries because the company is too lazy to make packaging for each country . 
  i just assumed it was uk until he said costco . 
  we do n't have costco in the uk . 
  we do n't . 
  edit : apparently we do but i never saw it in my 25 years living there . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  the bbc makes fucking loads of money overseas ( reported income of over 1 billion ) . 
  however most of what the bbc offers is n't big name shows that yanks would even no about , not to mention news , culture , arts , education and so forth . 
  furthermore you 're not legally obliged to pay the licence , only if you have a tv and use it to receive live broadcast television , and they have no legal way to really verify save you inviting them in for a cup of tea while the television is on . 
  you sound like some yank philistine who literally knows nothing about anything yet feels warranted to weigh on stuff he 's completely ignorant of in that overconfident way that only the dumber segments of the us populace can . 
  ah yes , fat stupid uppity yank confirmed . 
  go watch alex jones or something . 
  fish cake ? 
  the video on youtube tells you it 's a fish pie . 
  i can see why james won though . 
  fish pie is just one of those foods that you 'd rather have one your nan made than one from a fancy restaurant . 
  yeah , i do n't think that 's always the right way to see it . 
  people get hung up the false friends thing , and it promotes a shallow understanding of the language . 
  some words are obviously truely completely different meanings , like brav and brave , but even then it 's useful to know they both once meant the same . 
  it 's as if they tell lies to children to get them through their examples e.g zeug = stuff . 
  and then later in life `` stuff of legend '' becomes `` item of legend '' in their minds . 
  that 's just not true . 
  if a top tier chef needs something to cook for a long time they 'll prep it hours or days before ( or at least have their staff do it ) . 
  time simply is n't a factor for really good chefs whatsoever , since it 's all about the quality of the dish . 
  if they 're serving slow cooked chicken and it takes 3 hours , they 'll have someone put a batch on at 4pm and then again at 6pm , even if the restaurant does n't open until 7pm . 
  for average chefs working in mediocre everyday restaurants time is a factor because they do n't have the resources that a top chef has , and need to bang out meals quickly . 
  the difference here is that chefs gravitate towards a finer style of food , as this is what people expect from a top restaurant . 
  a fish pie , for example , will have an amazing taste , be a real delicacy for the palate , have perfectly fluffy potato , exactly the right mixture of fish that you can pick out each individual flavour . 
  however , your nan will make food that is real food , it will be heavy and rich , most chefs would call it over rich and too heavy , however , with some dishes that 's what you 're used to , it 's what you expect , and truly it 's what most people want . 
  it 's fine to have a culinary delight , something to be savoured on the taste buds , but sometimes you just want something warm and stodgy that 's going to give you that sate feeling of child like satisfaction . 
  making food like that is somewhat sacrilegious in top restaurants , because that 's not what people go to top restaurants for . 
  it 's far easier to stay home and make comfort food , or go to a local place where they charge far less per meal and get it . 
  consequently that 's not what top restaurants are in the market to offer . 
  however , i can see why ordinary people would show preference for the standard stodgy , milky , pea filled , cod , haddock , and prawn fish pie , than some delicate twist on the dish with lobster and crab that ramsay would make . 
  hey [ i have a gift for you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gxfsk0ogeg4 ), 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/3fw0fv/actual_voice_mail_left_by_theater_patron_who_was/ctslmko ), 
  that 's an alien speaking german . 
  i 've already said i agree with you that you can learn english to a standard where you can understand everyday conversations and communicate at a decent level quicker than you can in most other languages . 
  english has a relatively easy entry point . 
  the degree people `` need to '' speak the language obviously differs , if you want to chat to people in the pub then you do n't really need to achieve perfect grammar , or be able to construct very complicated sentences . 
  however , if you look at someone like angela merkel or putin , they 've both spoken english for decades and still are n't very confident in it . 
  obviously the level expected of a head of state / government is higher than that of ordinary folks such as you and me . 
  point is that languages tend to differ in how difficult it is to get the basic downs . 
  constructing basic sentences in , say , german , is relatively harder than in english . 
  however , once you get over this initial hump , and grasp the fundamentals of the grammar thoroughly and achieve conversational proficiency , it becomes easier . 
  i think when it comes to achieving a native like fluency english is as hard as almost any european language . 
  another argument i 've heard is that some languages , like german and russian , are like pyramids . 
  they start very hard and wide at the base but as you advance they get thinner and easier . 
  other languages , like french and english , are like upside down pyramids . 
  they start thin and easy at the base , however , the deeper one delves into the language the more the exceptions and illogical weirdness mounts up and it becomes increasingly hard to improve your fluency . 
  i may well be being picky , but that 's my point , you can speak english for 10 years + and still make mistakes like `` i assure you to handle it '' rather than `` i assure you that you will be able to handle it '' . 
  i could pick you up on `` and it might reveal to be not as easy nor quick '' , `` reveal '' is an active verb so if you want to use `` it '' as the subject then you need to form the sentence in the passive , or you need an active subject for an active contruction e.g `` it might be revealed to be not as easy nor quick '' , or `` you might reveal that it 's not as easy nor quick '' . 
  you called english grammar `` simple '' . 
  this is simply not true . 
  in every language there has to be a way to express certain universal thoughts and feelings , in the long run , whether you achieve this with a special tense or noun declension , or whether you achieve it simply by bolting on additional words or messing with their order does n't matter . 
  you 're still going to have to learn it , and sometimes a special case or declension ( as in russian ) is actually easier to simply learn and get out the way early than having to learn endless different arbitrary constructions . 
  simply put , english grammar is not simple , and the people who call it simple tend to get it wrong over and over without realising they 're speaking the language incorrectly . 
  i personally speak german and english , english is considered to be one of those easy grammar languages , and german is considered to be one of those hard grammar languages , but ultimately the difference in difficulty is only at the superficial level , and once you get into it both become equally hard to speak correctly . 
  not going to answer specifically because people have already done this . 
  however , word to the wise , starting university is somewhat underwhelming , some universities have something like an initiation meeting , but that 's often with 400 other people in the room . 
  the vice chancellor will appear for 10 minutes , give you some hopeful words and then bugger off , this may be the last time you see them until graduation . 
  almost all the rest of the time you 'll be left for you own devices . 
  people come to uni for a great diversity of reasons . 
  some people are only interested in turning up and getting their degree , some people are married , have children , or other commitments . 
  not everyone starting that year will be in the same boat as you . 
  nobody is going to assign you people to hang around with in your first week , this is n't an american film , nobody is going to assign you a freshers buddy , your do n't `` share a dorm '' ( in fact halls is the preferred term over dorm ) , here you are treated as an adult ( probably for the first time in your life ) . 
  it 's really up to you to go out and find some people to hang around with , and typically these will not be the people who you end up hanging out with 6 months down the line . 
  nevertheless , it 's worth doing the fake friends overly social thing for the first couple of months at least , if you meet 50 people you might meet 5 you genuinely like who like you back . 
  everyone is way more open to including new people in the first few weeks , later you might find yourself on the outskirts of existing social group . 
  you 'll realise that many people you do n't actually have much in common with , so much of school age friendship is based on the fact that you spend half your lives together in school or college , when that 's taken away you 'll see that actually you 're all vastly different people with totally different desires and values . 
  you 'll probably later scoff at the people you met in your first few weeks , and awkwardly avoid each other on campus if you happen to see each other , nonetheless stick it out and use them to build a social network . 
  the best place to make friends is usually halls , this is because the kinds of people in halls tend to be similar , as in unmarried , young , living away from home , and interested in having the typical young student experience .
