  what do you even mean by american english , are we counting words in the dictionary , or words in use anywhere ? 
  which dialects are included as standard ? 
  do you expect linguists to go through every single dialect in each nation , tally up the age of the entire lexicon and then compare ? 
  does the number of speakers of each dialect impact the comparison ? 
  are we looking at grammar , pronunciation , vocabulary , or all of these ? 
  are we looking at the written forms of the language , the spoken forms or both ? 
  it 's an unanswerable question that it simply does n't make sense to spend time on . 
   of all the words you mentioned they are equal in age to their american equivalents except for two : `` burgle '' was first used in 1870 making it a relatively new word compared to `` rob '' which was first used in the 13th century . 
  `` arse '' was first used in the 1500 's while `` ass '' dates back to the 12th century, 
  no , again , you are making a mistake . 
  burgle is the older form compared to the american form burglarize . 
  comparing rob , a word used in each country , with burgle does n't make any sense . 
  you 've made the same mistake with comparing `` arse '' , meaning backside , hailing from a germanic root , with `` ass '' meaning donkey , hailing from a latinate root . 
  if we compare `` arse '' meaning backside , with `` ass '' meaning backside , `` arse '' is the far older form ( german : arsch , dutch : ars ) , ass was a corruption , the product of dialects that evolved in the very isolated western frontier communities ( which disproves you belief that american isolated communities were inherently conservative ) . 
  furthermore , you 're only looking at the first recorded written usage of words , but as you go back further that becomes less meaningful . 
  amongst and whilst etc. 
  are believed to older forms because they have the germanic - st ending . 
   confirmed using merriam-webster . 
  webster, 
  thank you , i do know what merriam-webster is . 
   how can it be `` not really frankly '' ? 
  i said the settlers were using some old/middle english words that stayed in their language and you just confirmed that some old english words were saved by the settlers . 
  why are you talking about old english again ? 
  words used in this period were n't `` old english '' words , they are modern english words derived from old english , like a huge number of the words in the english language are . 
  this does n't make a language more conservative . 
  old english required a huge number of different endings and inflections , even when people used these derived words they were n't using the `` old english '' forms . 
  steal for example was `` stelan '' , stole was `` st\u00e6l '' , these words had evolved drastically by the time of the founding of the us . 
   i just showed you that `` rob '' and `` ass '' are older than the versions used in the uk making my point about some old english being kept in use in america factual . 
  you showed nothing . 
  you literally just compared one word with a entirely different word ( how does this make any sense to you ? ), 
  and to make it worse you compared with a word `` rob '' , which is and has always been in use in both british and american english . 
  then you compared two different words that just happened to be spelt ( < look another older form of a word ) the same . 
  [ there is literally a youtube video on this very topic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4z2u3qmu2nm ), 
  also you do n't seem to realise that something like 39 % of english words have an old english root , there are thousands of them , so pointing at a handful and saying , well that proves it , does n't work . 
  the vast majority of these are in use in both the uk and the usa . 
  looking at old english roots is not a way to determine anything here . 
   you keep saying i 'm mistaken but you have n't offered anything up other than your opinion and a conspiracy theory of `` american nationalist types '' to undermine british complaints of american english . 
  please just stop . 
  you wo n't find an academic paper on this topic because it 's notoriously mocked in linguistic circles . 
  go to / r/linguistics and / r/badlinguistics and you 'll find dozens of topics on exactly this . 
  sometimes you just need to accept when you do n't have the knowledge to argue something rather than forming a strong opinion immediately from a newspaper article . 
  you should read up on linguistics if you want to understand why what you 're saying does n't really make sense , for example you 're really hung up on this idea of `` old english '' , when in fact just because a word has an old english root does n't necessarily mean it 's the older word , there are celtic words and latin words that are actually older than old english . 
  old english is actually besides the point here , because the question you seem to be really trying to ask is whether american english or british english ( which fyi is too broad a question for any linguist to actually take seriously ) is more conservative , which means the question should really be asking is whether british or american english bears more resemblance to early modern english , which was the kind english actually spoken during the time people first settled the americas . 
  ultimately this belief you have is much like the belief that toilets swirl the other way in the southern hemisphere . 
  no matter how many times people are told that it 's false there 's always other people believing it . 
  and there always some journalist who will dig up some quote from mark twain or some other famous non-linguist who 's decided to praise or rubbish american or british english . 
  i can tell you the correct answer , which is that the question does n't make sense . 
  if i ask you which is more similar to a banana , an orange or a lemon , does that make sense . 
  we could have a long debate . 
  i could point out that the orange is peelable , and then i could point out the lemon was the same colour , then you could point out that the orange was sweet like the banana , and we could go back and forth like this . 
  then we could look at all the different species of lemon and orange arguing which was more banana-like , but it would be waste of time . 
  it 's amazing how many close misses they have too . 
  arya sees ned but he gets his head chopped off . 
  arya arrives at the redding wedding just after everyone has been killed . 
  arya arrives at the vale just after sansa has left . 
  arya meets brienne who eventually finds sansa , but does n't go with her . 
  it 's just constant near misses with the starks . 
  now there 's a chance sansa is going to arrive at castle black just after jon 's left . 
  let 's hope rickon does n't escape castle black mere hours before jon cuts ramsay 's head off . 
  i see you do n't speak english . 
  maybe it 's the excitement of characters coming back to life . 
  oh and if you still do n't believe me here are some links to linguistics threads mocking this very belief . 
  i find it believable . 
  you have to remember that behind all his actions is the fact that he 's trying to behave and seem like a king . 
  that 's how he 's getting played so hard , he does n't want to lose face . 
  the sparrow appealed to his love of his mother and his sense of right and justice , put him in a position where it would n't seem `` kingly '' to contradict what the sparrow said . 
  while tywin or robert would n't have given a fuck how they seem to the sparrow or any other of the power players , because they realise a regal and noble appearance is just a lie for the masses , tommen thinks being a good king is all about being just and honest . 
  i also think that tommen and the high sparrow 's speech was really an offer of alliance . 
  the crown and the sept together . 
  it was the sparrow hinting that if tommen sides with the sparrow then he 'll be in a better position to have power . 
  people are entirely irrational about spoilers . 
  no , i 'm not condoning spoilers . 
  however , people are just little bitches ( ollies ) about the concept of spoilers in general . 
  people act as if the smallest of spoilers absolutely ruins something for them . 
  it 's complete bullshit . 
  it 's just people flouncing around going `` it 's ruined , it 's ruined !, 
  '' , just because of something minor being spoilt . 
  even if you get the motherload of spoilers for something , that should n't stop finding the actual thing enjoyable , it 's not about where a story goes it 's about how you get there . 
  like , if you say that frodo gets the ring to mordor , it does n't fucking ruin lotr , if you 're not an idiot the fact that most these events are going to happen , or are at least probable , it 's fucking obvious . 
  if your enjoyment of something is completely ruined by a minor spoiler then you 're an idiot . 
  you 're the kind of person who finds a single hair in a meal they just spent ages preparing and therefore throws out the whole dish and wallows in the self-pity of being hungry instead of picking out the hair and eating the damn food . 
  just to make clear , i 'm not condoning deliberate spoiling , that 's obviously just an ass thing to do , however , it 's not the internet 's job to protect you from spoilers , spoilers are not such a big deal as to warrant other people having to tip toe around the story just for you . 
  spoiler are n't even spoilers really , because they do n't spoil anything , a better name might be `` surprise reducers '' , because that 's literally all they do , reduce the surprise of some events happening , that in itself does not spoil the entire thing , the only thing it spoils is the surprise of one particular thing , but just because it 's no longer a surprise does n't mean it wo n't be an enjoyable thing to see happen . 
  surprise should only be a relatively minor factor in your enjoyment of a thing . 
  when you going on a rollercoaster you do n't get annoyed because you see the loop the loop before you ride the damn thing , the rollercoaster is still fun even when you know the loop the loop is coming , and knowing the fact `` there is a loop the loop '' is not the same as actually experiencing the rollercoaster going around the loop the loop . 
  a spoiler is exactly like finding a hair in your meal . 
  it 's not a great thing , but you need to man up and eat it anyway , it 'll taste the same , the only thing that 's going to really ruin the meal is your own irrational belief that the food as been ruined by the hair . 
  you ca n't expect the whole world to wear hairnets just to protect your food , and if you want to be careful then it 's your responsibility to put yourself in an area where hairnets are required . 
  tough shit . 
  if you want to go on that ride properly you should be watching the show . 
  if you lose enjoyment of a show , simply because you know something minor like this will happen , you 're just a big overdramatic baby imho . 
  you 're really not missing out on anything . 
  what 's actually happening is that your own belief that you 've missed out that 's ruining it . 
  the enjoyment on a show should n't be on the basis of surprise . 
  even if surprise is the only thing you enjoy for some strange reason , missing out on a single surprise event ( which was n't even that surprising ) , should n't ruin the whole thing for you , there are dozens of far more surprising plot events that are far more significant in the plotlines than this . 
  itt : i do n't watch game of thrones , but i 'm still angry about this because i thought maybe one day i might get around to watching it and i 'm annoyed because now i know that a minor character dies in season 6 . 
  europa number one !, 
  federalise today !, 
  god save europa !, 
  maybe north of the wall .
