  everyday it was the same thing . 
  the getr\u00e4nkemarkt would get busy , the guy would ask for more personnel to open more tills , and then there 'd be a scrum forming a new queue for it . 
  i moved to nrw , here in the city the supermarkets are open until midnight everyday , even saturday . 
  it 's very convenient if you need to work late or want to pick stuff up on your way home after hitting a bar after work . 
  federal law merely says that supermarkets must be shut on sunday ( something i think is silly but whatever ) . 
  i do miss the hungover sunday food shopping i used to do . 
  meh ... it all depends on where in the english speaking world you 're from . 
  to me , both `` i fitted '' and `` i fit '' sound a bit fucky in this context . 
  i 'd probably say `` i managed to fit all the food in the fridge '' . 
  this is because here the verb `` to fit '' means to cramp into a small space . 
  i would , however , say `` i fitted a new shelf in the kitchen '' or `` he 's fitted his new car out with a spoiler '' and to me that sounds spot on . 
  that move would be strong . 
  sadly , as someone who has worked retail before , it ca n't see a cashier giving that much of a fuck . 
  by the way , there 's no guaranteed passporting in an eea membership . 
  [ i 'm just reminded of this bit by al murray ] ( https://youtu.be/8ioo-xq_vew?t=13 ) . 
  every government is the worst government ever ... until the next one . 
  never supported dave , but i 'm at a loss now with this brexit disaster . 
  i find myself longing for a few years ago when the biggest news was the opposition leader eating a sandwich funny . 
  except they 're the same verb form regardless of how you mean it , and the correct british form is always `` fitted '' in the past and as the participle . 
  so that 's irrelevant . 
  nice try though . 
  i fitted the orange in my mouth and i fitted the car with a new exhaust are both correct . 
  as i said in another post , i prefer `` i managed to fit '' over `` i fitted '' when talking about cramming something into a small space , just for the sake of clarity . 
  however both are correct . 
  well as much as we `` need '' it for our economy , there 's no reason for us to get it . 
  eea only guarantees the freedom of goods and labour , nothing says that we must accept you banks as equivalent to banks within the eu . 
  many people are speculating that we 've already lost passporting the moment we invoke article 50 , this will be the eu 's punishment for britain , and if so the city is predicted to shrink by 11 % . 
  some people are hoping the markets for financial instruments directive will come in before the brexit takes place , and this will allow some passporting of a sort , but it wo n't cover various forms of investment fund and insurance . 
  where i live is great because it 's part of germany which is in the eu and has half way competent politicians . 
  yes , but this is economics so it is `` need '' , the consequence of not having might be awful , but when it comes to money saying `` but we need it '' just does n't fly . 
  the eu would be perfectly within their rights to strip the uk of passporting the moment we 're out of the eu , and saying `` but we 'll be poor without it , we need it '' just does n't fly . 
  there are no examples ? 
  except all these :, 
   helen drank in language which she at first could not understand , and it remained in her mind until needed , when it fitted itself naturally and easily into her conversation and compositions . 
   it was not only that he hated and distrusted the boyars , but he was already statesman enough to discern that they could not be fitted into the new order of things which he aimed at introducing . 
   at the far end of the main floor of jonny 's new home glowed a panoramic window fitted into the mountainside . 
   it fitted into two notches , male and female . 
  then he locked them together . 
  all these come from published literature , and i can provide you dozens if you want . 
  want to know why ? 
  because the past and participle form of `` to fit '' is always `` fitted '' regardless whether you mean to fit into a space or mean to fit something out with something . 
  is it that hard to acknowledge that using `` fit '' as a past tense and participle is an americanism ( although it 's popular in canada too ) . 
  truth is , and he even says it himself , he blew up really fast with an insanely young audience , his audience is older children and young teens , like 10-14 or smthg . 
  he 's just catering to his audience . 
  he may be juvenile even compared to most youtubers , but most youtubers cater to at very least the true teen audience 12-18 . 
  this is actually the most popular porn site in both wales and new zealand . 
  all of that was published in the last 50 years . 
  you seem to have to a serious problem with admitting when you 're wrong . 
  given that you 're clearly american , i have no idea why you 're pretending to know what 's legitimate english in other nations . 
  how about you do the decent thing , and admit that you were wrong ? 
  after all , it 's not our fault that your nation happens to speak a version of english full of quaint foibles you 've invented in the last hundred or so years . 
  actually it does . 
  when the opinions of a the uneducated xenophobic masses has massive implications on your livelihood it becomes very hard to `` enjoy '' politics . 
  well it was nice knowing you uk , ciao ciao !, 
  i 'll see you in 1000 years when the radioactive dust settles . 
  kein problem . 
  you are right in thinking that compound nouns take the gender of the final nouns in the compound , and yes it is feminine . 
  however , it 's also dative , and the dative ending of a singular feminine noun , in the mixed declension given that you 've used the indefinite article , is - er . 
  what 's you 've actually said is essentially, 
  `` he stands into under a water cannon '', 
  and since stand is not a verb of motion this makes no sense whatsoever . 
  the accusative is used to express motion e.g `` er rennt in die wasserkanone '' which is he runs into the water cannon . 
  whereas the dative is used to express location , `` er rennt in dem haus '' which is he runs inside the house . 
  since hans is standing still under that water canon you want to use the dative here . 
  what 's suspicious about b\u00f6se ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  seriously , you 're better off forgetting about the accusative , at least when it comes to [ preposition ] + [ article ] + [ noun ] . 
  more often than not you 're talking about where something is , rather than motion . 
  when you speak german a lot it becomes second nature to use the dative , and it 's only in those cases where you talk about something moving that you use the accusative . 
  seriously though , in german the difference between bose and b\u00f6se may as well be the difference between shit and shot in english . 
  i 'm not being serious either by the way . 
  but still , as a german speaker you post was very confusing :d `` ich verstehe nur bahnhof '' ( i only understand train station ) is a german idiom for `` i understood fuck all '' . 
  you can learn , it just takes 3-5 years and you 'll be almost fluent , i promise . 
  if english say `` i '', 
  if german say `` ich '', 
  i expect to loss the virtually unconditional right to live where i live , and to be expected to get working visa as a foreigner . 
  ultimately i expect to have to move back to country that 's increasingly closed off to the world , economically stagnant , and has lost the battle with the idiots when it comes to politics . 
  i did n't say that everyone will have to go home . 
  but if we do leave then freedom of movement is going to be a big issue is n't it . 
  i hope we retain it , but let 's face it , a huge portion of the leave vote though they were voting against freedom of movement . 
  remember ? 
   we 're full !, 
  there 's no good schools for my kids !, 
  house prices are too high because of the foreigners !, 
  there 's no social housing because there 's too many people !, 
  poles get council houses but white british people are bottom of the list !, 
  eu migrants push down wages !, 
  all the good jobs are filled by eu migrants so companies do n't train up british workers !, 
  the nhs is overburdened with eu migrants !, 
  these were all stupid debunked arguments that the leave supporters were touting as reasons to leave . 
  if nothing changes then these folk will be angry , and the cycle of anger and outward hatred will continue , and if it does change then i 'll be affected . 
  you clearly are from north america , maybe you 're one of those canadians whose adopted the mentality of stupidity from south of the border . 
  i mean `` 3rd grade '' , we do n't have `` grades '' in the rest of the world . 
   i 'm wrong . 
  there are places on the planet where `` fitted '' is used and accepted . 
   everywhere else you sound like you failed 3rd grade english . 
  no no , you 've got it all wrong . 
  what you meant to say is, 
  `` there are few places where `` fitted '' is not used or accepted , and in these places they sound like they ca n't speak proper english . '', 
  it must hurt knowing you 're the odd ones out , stop trying to foist your poorly cobbled together foreign english dialect on the rest of the world .
