  this definitely affects the pacing of the work and i have to admit there were times when i feared i was losing patience or momentum . 
  at other times , i 'd look at the clock to see that it was 3 am and i 'd just read 150 pages without thinking . 
  the trade-off for this , of course , was that once you reached the end of one arc you 'd see the narrative going off in some completely different direction and question whether the overarching story was actually going anywhere at all . 
  occasionally , it felt as if certain directions of the story were just dropped and new ones brought in to replace them . 
  for example at the start harry seems to be very focussed on doing original research , questioning magical authority , and integrating technology with magic . 
  whilst harry continues to use this side of his character to his advantage throughout the story , he seems to make all his discoveries in the first half of the book before other plot driving elements come into effect and get in the way . 
  the point at which i most questioned what i was doing devoting so much time to reading this work was probably around the `` self-actualisation '' chapters . 
  it felt like the whole character of the story had changed into something i did n't find as enjoyable . 
  i did find myself doubting and telling myself that if the story continued like this then i was just going to give up , and even now i 'm not sure why so much time was devoted to that section and what it aimed to achieve within the narrative . 
  thankfully , i pressed on and eventually found myself engrossed again . 
  at many points in the story , i had to tell myself that `` this is not a harry potter book '' . 
  rowling 's harry potter books are definitely , for the most part , written in a way that lets the narrative press on relentlessly , with a user-friendly structure that constantly reassures the reader that this is actually going somewhere . 
  in fact , i would even go as far as to say that rowling 's books are almost clich\u00e9d in how conveniently the narrative wraps up nicely at the end of every book . 
  anyway , enough griping , overall i thought the story was sheer genius . 
  to me , it served as a refreshing counter to the heart-warming but somewhat juvenile hp series . 
  a sort of `` what would it be like if hp characters behaved and thought like adult humans from the real world ? '', 
  rather than charming caricatures belov\u00e9d of adults but also understandable by children . 
  that said , while containing elements of it , the story is more than just parody , but a well-written story in its own right , building some fantastic original characters that felt genuinely believable . 
  the story does not fear to tread where rowling would never dare in more ways than one . 
  it contained risqu\u00e9 humour , it illustrates elements of the hp universe that i do n't think could ever have been portrayed by rowling ( even if she alludes to them ) , and has a darkness that would not have been suitable for the original series . 
  i 'm curious about what other people liked and disliked about hpmor , and was hoping to open a discussion about what other people think the piece 's strengths and weaknesses were . 
  i was reading my beer and saw this sentence . 
  what i 'm troubled by is the syntax . 
  if i were trying to write this i 'd put it as . 
  all the natives say that the unsurprisingly the former is correct and my attempt is wrong , but nobody can explain to me why the syntax in the latter part of the sentence is like it is . 
  it just seems odd to me . 
  can anyone explain this construction to me ? 
  [ here a read some of the script from inglorious bastards ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s17mkopxlbp1 ), 
  i can speak to about a b2 level and i 've been speaking german for a bit over year . 
  i 've moved around the german speaking world a lot which has given me plenty of different influences . 
  i 'm curious about how my accent actually sounds to native speakers subjectively ? 
  do i sound like i have a stick up my ass or do i speak lazily ? 
  is it aggressive or too light ? 
  which words stand out particularly for their pronunciation being extra foreign ( i realise that it probably all sounds foreign , but what is most noticeable ? ), 
  also can you tell where i 'm from just from hearing me speak german ? 
  sometimes people place me quickly and other times they guess a whole bunch of places until they get it right , i 'm not sure how obvious it is . 
  i welcome all responses , be as harsh as you want to be , 
  here is the transcript i read from :, 
  had just been accepted to a job there and this happens . 
  i imagine there 's going to be a lot out of work teachers in germany soon . 
  my condolences to anyone who is affected by this . 
  ok so wall of text inc. 
  i thought i would write down some of thoughts about the closing of the server and clarify a few things . 
  i 've heard some crazy conspiracy theories and ideas about what 's happened . 
  i thought i 'd have a go at trying to analyse blizzard 's decision from a business perspective, 
  what has happened ? 
  blizzard has served the nostalrius team with an official cease and desist letter through their french lawyers threatening them with legal action if they continue to operate the server . 
  afaik this is the first time that blizzard has taken action to close a private server outside of the united states . 
  one thing that really needs to be made clear is that this a matter for french law . 
  i 've heard all kinds of stuff about how the us has extradition agreements with france and whatnot which is completely irrelevant here . 
  blizzard owns their ip in every country where they operate , which includes france , and every country has some form of copyright law , wow is incontrovertibly their property everywhere in the world . 
  this means that if the nost team had refused to close the server blizzard were prepared to fight this through the french courts at great expense if necessary . 
  why has it happened ? 
  so i 've heard loads of crazy ideas here , but let 's try and look at it as logically as possible . 
  blizzard is a big company with lots of very clever business and technological minds working for them . 
  this is not a decision they will have made without looking at all the various pros and cons . 
  there will definitely have been meetings to discuss what to do about nostalrius in the past weeks and months . 
  it 's not really a `` matter of principle '' as some people suggest , it 's not an emotional decision on their behalf , they 're not just being assholes because they 're assholes , or any such simplistic reasoning . 
  this is a strategical move they 've deliberately made . 
  so let 's try to look at it from their perspective . 
  arguments for legal action against nostalrius, 
  - nostalrius potentially saps revenue from blizzard . 
  i know people hate this argument , claiming that literally everyone who plays vanilla servers hates the new content and has long cancelled their subscription with no intention of going back , and this * is * true for many ( or even most ) of us , but to say it 's true for everyone is a myopic outlook . 
  there are undoubtedly some people who play nost who are fringe cases , people who are craving any kind of wow experience and might 've played wol had the alternative not existed , but instead they found nostalrius and did n't bother . 
  there are also people who have chosen nost simply for financial reasons , kids who realised they could save their pocket money by using a private server instead . 
  although , i do n't think that the closing of nost will see many players returning to retail , it may , however , potentially have saved blizzard the loss of some subscribers in the future , or forced some future returners to choose retail rather than nost . 
  i 'll add that , yes , we all know that vanilla is a vastly different experience from what retail currently offers , but they are not so different as to support the argument that there are no people for whom one offers an alternative to the other . 
  some people just want to play wow , and any old wow will do . 
  - nostalrius would set a dangerous precedent for the future of blizzard 's ip if it were left to thrive . 
  i think in many ways nost has been a victim of its own success . 
  it set out to provide a `` blizzlike '' experience , and a `` blizzlike '' experience it has provided . 
  this is not a few hundred vanilla enthusiasts stitching together a buggy old server just to relive a few old moments , this a functional wow server that operates like blizzard and provides content of a quality comparable to what blizzard offered back in 2006 . 
  if nost can do this , then other people could potentially do it too , with other popular expansions as well . 
  i believe many private servers were left alone until now because they were n't seen as anything but museums of old content , nost , however , has been offering players the real deal , which is obviously scarier for blizzard than the former because it could continue to grow , and other servers could start offering the same experience . 
  arguments against legal action against nostalrius, 
  - community backlash . 
  taking legal action against people who are or were fans of their content obviously portrays blizzard in a bad light . 
  it turns the nost playerbase against blizzard and may harm future sales of blizzard products amongst this demographic . 
  there also may be spill over backlash . 
  the closing of nost has caused media attention to be directed towards blizzard 's actions . 
  this will have undoubtedly caused blizzard to be seen in a bad light in the eyes of people other than nost players , potential customers which will also include some retail players who , while not playing nost , supported what they were trying to do . 
  this jeopardises some sales in the future because it will lose the support of a number of players . 
  worst case scenario for them here is that negative backlash snowballs leads to an all out blizzard rebellion , although this is extremely unlikely . 
  - litigation costs money . 
  intellectual property lawyers do not come cheap , although for a company like blizzard this is hardly a problem in a one off case like nostalrius . 
  - it may not solve the problem . 
  closing nost does n't mean that the private server problem will disappear . 
  this could simply result in the migration of the nost player base to other private servers . 
  it could lead to more private servers opening trying to capture the playerbase and entice them to their service . 
  hell , it could even lead to opportunists trying to form for-profit servers ( unlimited donations or pay to win ) trying to capitalise on nost 's success based in locations where blizzard would find it very hard to ligate within . 
  additionally even if the closing of nostalrius just leads to lots of smaller nostalrius clones in different countries popping up , the cost of litigating in multiple countries becomes increasingly expensive the more actions you have to make . 
  the fact is blizzard will have taken all this into account when making the decision to take legal action against nostalrius , and they have decided that the pros outweigh the cons . 
  it 's not a decision they will have made rashly , it 's a cost-benefit decision by which they 've decided the benefit of action will be greater than the cost . 
  does this mean we 'll get retail legacy servers ? 
  sadly no . 
  some people seem to believe that if nost is enough of a threat to blizzard to warrant their taking legal action against it then the demand must be great enough to warrant the creation of legacy servers by blizzard . 
  this is simply not the case , i think we can all see that blizzard is heavily against legacy servers . 
  i think there are two very strong reasons why blizzard does n't want this . 
  - the first is ideological . 
  if anyone reading this has worked on a large ongoing technology project before , then they should know how the idea of going backwards is seen as practically heretical within the community .
