  as i got older i really only associated computers and the internet with games and doing homework . 
  i remember having to type stuff when i was a bit older and using one finger to do it at about 12 words a minute . 
  i remember when the most interesting thing about the computer seemed to be clipart . 
  never really showed any interest in the internet until i was about 14 , and even then it was just for talking to friends on msn , downloading porn , and looking up answers for homework . 
  little bit later discovered things like internet forums but the internet was still pretty slow and it was like 5 years until youtube was even made . 
  but it was around that time by typing started to improve . 
  still i would n't say internet came such a significant part of life until i went to university and had access to an amazingly fast internet that i started seeing it as something that was n't tarnished as an interest of strange people . 
  if you think about it the impact of site like facebook and youtube and such , they were really big factors impacting the acceptability of involving the internet in your life rather than just seeing at an unavoidable tool for work only occasionally recreationally . 
  according to reddit the minute you eat a taco you might as well have contracted dysentery because your bowels are going to be cursed with the wrath of satan within a few hours . 
  seriously ? 
  what 's wrong with you people . 
  a super spicy vegetable vindaloo curry , i could understand some complaints , people who complain about taco shits do n't know the meaning of ring burn . 
  democrats are n't that left , they 're liberal . 
  america does n't have a true left . 
  if democrats were left they 'd be suggesting the nationalisation of industry to match european levels , and far greater development of the welfare and workers rights to things like the right to form unions , parental leave , paid holidays , job security and the ability to fire staff . 
  gay marriage for example is nothing to do with being left even , it 's a social liberalism matter . 
  i think he countered it well actually . 
  remember politicians are seeing things through the eyes of the media . 
  if he 'd come back with `` he 's not an arab his father was kenyan , which is n't in the arab world '' , a logical and factual answer , that could 've been spun into some kind of race politics issue , after all he 's an american first , acknowledging his ancestry could be interpreted as negative . 
  sadly in america any mention of any nationality other than american could be seen as attempt to throw muck at the opponent . 
  coming back with `` he 's not an arab he 's an american '' could be seen as too supportive isolating the nutcase fringe . 
  he did n't even say `` he 's not an arab , he 's a decent family man '' , he just said `` he 's not . . < long pause  . . he 's a decent family man '' to avoid the suggestion that arabs are n't decent family men . 
  he played his cards in a way that imagine his spin doctors and pr people would be happy with , and that 's politics for you . 
  he fucked up more earlier in the video by saying that obama was n't a person they should be scared of as president , probably should 've come back with something like `` i 'm not scared of obama , he 's a decent man , but i am scared of what his policies would mean for america '', 
  just a thought , but since you hold british citizenship you hold eu citizenship , and there are places in europe where you can go to university free or very cheaply on that basis provide you go and reside there , and plenty of courses that are entirely in english too . 
  this might be something to consider if you want to leave canada to study but ca n't afford the international student prices in the uk . 
  i do n't even see the logic here . 
  imagining that japan has successfully invaded china and was n't defeated by the allied forces , they 'd probably be even more economically powerful since they would n't be a communist country but part of the dominant power in the eastern hemisphere . 
  to say that the economic development of china was contingent on them not being made part of japan makes no sense whatsoever . 
  well in germany university is free for everyone eu or not , and he could move there and become a resident tomorrow with just a british passport , not even the trouble of a visa . 
  furthermore being a british national makes him eligible for the subsidised rate of tuition in the netherlands ( about 2k euros a year ) , as there are no rules about residency there . 
  almost all the courses in the netherlands are in english and a very significant portion of them are in germany too . 
  pretty good option for anyone if they can handle being in country where english is n't the native language ( despite a significant portion of people having good english ) . 
  haha alright money bags !, 
  good luck !, 
  it 's not the karma in itself imo . 
  it 's the fact that if you make a funny sarcastic comment where 1/3 redditors get it and 2/3 of redditors are too dumb to realise it 's sarcasm and are offended by it , it will get downvoted off the radar and nobody will appreciate your wit or respond to your comment . 
  it 's not about karma it 's about post visibility . 
  / s protects against the dimwitted 66 % depriving the 33 % elite of their joke . 
  a little way to fight the hive mind 's stupidity . 
  then again putting / s on a comment that even a moron could tell is sarcastic is annoying . 
  well at least you got your vitamin d and an increased chance of skin cancer . 
  it 's a joke because sas americans always say that america is as diverse as europe , and use food as an example of diversity . 
  i mean bratwurst with sauerkraut ? 
  fried ravioli ? 
  all you can eat buffet ? 
  peach pie ? 
  very culture , such original . 
  tonne of anglocentricism in that thread . 
  naturally americans think of themselves as the leading culture exporter and the other english speaking countries in second place . 
  but a swiss person might think that germany exports a lot of culture but it 's just the product of being in the germanophonic world . 
  to someone in finland it probably seems that , whilst america is the probably still the largest culture exporter , it 's not by a huge margin and other countries such as germany , uk and japan are on par with each other . 
  i mean who does n't know bmv , harry potter or sony . 
  hey , just be glad this video was lacking in worldstar , which is surprising . 
  remember the key that you could only get to by going through a timed gate with a clam in it and swimming up with not visible sign that you would n't get trapped there . 
  yeah fuck that key , wasted days looking for that in the days before i knew about walkthroughs and such . 
  oh i 'm sure in a world war scenario you 'd definitely be able to leverage adam sandler films as a cultural item the rest of the world desires so greatly they 'd negotiate with the usa . 
  clearly the governments of the world would be more interested in protecting hollywood boulevard from the flames than , you know , the parthenon ? 
  if america sank into the sea tomorrow , none of those things you 've mentioned would be lost , it 's the stupidest sentiment i 've heard in a while . 
  nothing in that post is true . 
  us does n't not have all the food , in fact virtually nothing i eat comes from the us , us does n't have all the guns , many of the guns the us has were made abroad , us does not have all the nukes , russia has more in fact , all the cultural items that people are mentioning could be recreated anywhere in the world , it 's moronic . 
  nobody is denying the us exports a great deal of its culture ( that said so does germany , uk , japan ) , but hollywood films are hardly a bartering chip on the world stage . 
  i 'm sorry but no . 
  the core gameplay has changed massively since vanilla . 
  the current version of wow resembles vanilla about as much as modern warfare resembles cs : source . 
  yes there are common themes but the small changes over the years have drastically changed the game dynamic . 
  imo the dungeon and raid finders totally changed the pve elements , the new classes and talent rehauls have totally changed pvp , even the questing has dramatically changed to be a different kind of experience . 
  it 's nothing to do with nostalgia . 
  the game was simply different back in the day . 
  back then it was about meeting people on your server , forming communities , feeling like the world was alive with players you 'd see every time you logged on . 
  now with all the instancing , lack of the need to form groups or even to interact with other people at any serious level it 's just like any other multiplayer game imo . 
  it 's lost what i loved about the wow mmo experience , if i had wanted the type of game it has become i would 've been happy playing a regular multiplayer game with beautifully crafted single player missions ( questing ) , a coop mode ( pve ) , and a ordinary competitive multiplayer ( pvp ) . 
  if you were n't there in the days when wow felt like a struggle against the environment , the opposite faction and competing guilds on your server you have no right to talk about it . 
  all that has been removed now with questing being a relaxing walk in the park rewarding you with a cutscene every three minutes , pvp being solely in the arena or merely a grindfest , and pve being a soulless cross server spamathon . 
  back in the day i logged onto my character everyday to hear the server gossip , i checked the server progression thread on the server forum every evening to see if there had been any changes in the guild pecking order , i had friends that in my guild and outside of it who i 'd often do heroics with and pvp with outside of raid time , i had rivals in my faction who i 'd argue with and troll in general chat each of us believing ourselves to be superior to the other and gloating when accomplishing something the other had n't . 
  i even had enemies on the other faction who i 'd always try to gank if i saw them and them me . 
  back then your server was your world , provided you had a good balanced population is was fantastic , the only time you looked x-realm was at world firsts and such . 
  the cross realm integration really killed the rivalry in these regards , why care about being good on your little server when someone might stroll in from a better server and shit all over you , even the casuals no longer respected server accomplishments . 
  all the changes have ruined that . 
  sure cross realm bgs were great and the introduction of the arena really made pvp more entertaining , the original summoning stones made for less waiting for players to travel , but apart from that ? 
  the x-realm lfg lfr tools just destroyed the sense of a greater community , flying mounts meant no world pvp , it also made the world much more lonely since you 'd only occasionally see someone float down to grab a quest or a node , no passing each other 20 times in one hour whilst in the same zone , even instant summons made the world seem somewhat superfluous once you hit level cap . 
  it just got worse from then on , wotlk was all style and no substance , despite the raid bosses and instances becoming more and more epic , the feel of the places did the opposite and started to feel less and less significant . 
  these instances and raids were just loot pi\u00f1atas to keep everyone happy regardless whether they put in the effort . 
  the old naxx was nothing like as big and shiny as the new naxx , but new naxx felt like a cartoon naxx whilst the old one had a real sense of being a place that only the very few could explore . 
  by catalysm the game felt throw away and cheap , i 'd lost all interest in it except doing a few hours of pvp weekly to let off some steam . 
  blizzard even took that away in panda with the talent overhaul , now the classes i had played since the start no longer felt like they were the same classes , half the abilities i 'd prided myself on mastering were gone , my macros i 'd customised just for me no longer functioned . 
  you may like the new wow but i see why many people who played before do n't , apart from the very core mechanics nothing remains of the game we fell in love with in those first few years . 
  ultimately there is a reason why wow has lost its subscribers . 
  it changed from a game that actively challenged you and promoted meaningful online social interaction , to a game that sought only to entertain you and allow every idiot to get all the same rewards without interacting with anyone . 
  blizzard got greedy and dropped the ball , they saw that the monthly increase in subscribers dropping off around 2008 , they panicked and thought the best answer was to make the game as accessible as possible by making everything more convenient and for the game to hold your hand more , this way they could open the game to a wider player base of more casual gamers . 
  not totally wrong in theory , sure it helped to make the starting zones more fun and such , but they destroyed what really made the game enjoyable to many people and actually ended up losing subscribers because of it . 
  honestly that 's not very hard , especially when it comes to reading and writing . 
  i could teach anyone the german declension and conjugation within a day . 
  getting them to use it fluently is obviously what takes lots of time , but speed is n't very important when reading or writing . 
  meh it 's ok but even if you finish the course it 's only really going to teach you the foundation of a language , useful but it wo n't give you the type of vocabulary and grammar you need to be competent in a language . 
  playing games/watching films/reading books in your target language is something you should probably do after you 've finished your duolingo course and feel comfortable with what 's covered there . 
  haha i 'm not op and i 've never played the game . 
  care to enlighten me about the mistakes ? 
  naturally if countries differ from the us they 're `` backwards '' and `` quaint '', 
  the queen is looking better and younger on those canadian dollars than she does on the current british ones .
