  some of the more insanely powerful shit might only be available to businesses and the like . 
  however you can buy rockets , catherine wheels , those things that shoot up sparks , the lot . 
  ironically the fact that they 're always available and can be used whenever probably makes them less popular , and most people go to shows rather than do it at home . 
  lol . 
  i do n't see how that 's relevant , trump is literally suggesting blocking a religion of people . 
  it 's fucking insane . 
  additionally it 's never going to happen , it would be a disaster . 
  those differences are pretty trivial frankly , basically comes down to a few material differences , like public transport , which is barely a cultural thing and most or less to do with different national geography , or not to do with culture at all , like the voltage . 
  and a few linguistic things , which pretty much barely clock the radar of cultural difference . 
  i mean you may call it stove and a faucet , but these are n't even words that do n't exist in british english , and most people know what they mean . 
  you need to open your eyes and look a bit closer in if ca n't see why countries in europe are vastly more different than english speaking countries . 
  you seem to be only looking at the superficial stuff . 
  obviously there similarities within european countries because european countries share the fact they are all in europe . 
  they often share similar climates ( although obviously not entirely ) , they have similar degrees of population density ( which is why nationwide public transport makes sense in most european countries ) . 
  there is an element of shared european history as well , colonial legacy for example , which means they might tend towards some similar political ideals , albeit in a very loose way . 
  i can see why might superficially think madrid looks like milan , or munich looks like vienna . 
  architecturally there 's certainly a common factor . 
  some cultures are more similar than others too , obviously romanian culture bears more resemblance to bulgarian culture than finnish culture . 
  however , asides from that surface level stuff european cultures are vastly different form each other at a far more fundamental level than the anglosphere . 
  like an entirely different history , tradition , values , understandings . 
  they are truly completely different cultures . 
  i mean different religions , different languages , there 's so fewer shared cultural reference points . 
  the people all behave so differently . 
  you ca n't even take basic things for granted when you 're in another european culture . 
  i think you really need to spend time in a non-english speaking country to appreciate how big the differences and mentality of the people is . 
  ultimately , i think it 's the small differences that irk people the most , when you 're in a very different culture you just accept it , but when you 're in a culture that just seems to be arbitrarily and superficially different whilst having tonnes of similarities it can drive people up the wall . 
  it 's almost as if situations like that lure people into expecting what they 're accustomed to , and then they get annoyed when it 's different , whilst if the culture was truly alien to them they 'd just accept it . 
  sounds like your husband 's family is being affected by this situation . 
  a lot people go through it when they travel within the anglosphere . 
  it 's usually because they 're feeling a bit out of place and unsure how to relate to where they 're visiting . 
  americans who live in the uk often do the same . 
  although i 've noticed that many americans find british culture more alien than british people find the us , because they 're more aware of the difference they 'll encounter over there . 
  your spanish relatives are probably a lot more go with the flow about the differences because the differences for them are too numerous for them to count , so they just accept it and make the most of the difference . 
  how the fuck is that ok in your head ? 
  you 're profiling on the basis of religion to see whether they 're allowed in for a holiday or whether they are only allowed in if they 're on business . 
  think of all the countries that the us has visa waiver programmes for ? 
  are you going to put a condition onto those waivers the requires the user not to be of a certain religion ? 
  do you think all those countries are going to enforce that for you ? 
  the only real way that could be done would be to abolish all visa waivers and have people provide proof of their religious background to the us embassy to get the waiver . 
  despite it not even being possible . 
  do you know how badly that would affect tourism ? 
  or how much business the us would lose because of the hold ups getting people in and out of the country . 
  also it 's not even possible because how can you prove what religion you are ? 
  most country do not require their citizens to register their religion , so how can you establish what religion someone is . 
  the only alternative would be to have the tsa interrogate every brown person coming from europe or another visa waiver country to see try to establish their religion . 
  not only would this be hugely unpopular , but it would be massively ineffective and costly . 
  there is simply no way of having a rule for one religion that does n't apply to another , because it 's impossible at the most basic level to tell what religion someone is , the best you could do is stop people with muslim sounding names . 
  that happens in almost all forms of english . 
  british english uses it even more frequently as intensifier i believe , for example with the imperative `` please do have a cake '' or `` do piss off '' , and ask for confirmation `` you do know she 's seeing someone else '' . 
  i would guess that `` they be in ireland every summer '' is a way of forming the habitual mood in hiberno-english , and the do is simply reinforcing that fact . 
  the difference is that there is usually a way to verify someone 's nationality , there is literally no way to tell someone 's religion , not on paper nor by looking at them . 
  discriminating based on nationality makes far more sense . 
  it 's not passively discriminating against muslims . 
  countries without good international relations with the us do n't get visa waivers , the correlation between muslim states and poor us relations is pretty much arbitrary . 
  it would be a system based solely on skin colour and how your name sounded . 
  this would cause a huge backlash from both within and without the us , and you can bet that european hindus and sikhs are going to blow up the media when they 're mistakenly refused entry into the us . 
  this would be a disaster , simple as that . 
  terrible for us international relations , terrible for race and religious relations in the us . 
  trump is literally just promising dumb shit like that , which he knows full well he ca n't truly deliver , because it convinces morons to vote for him . 
  if he does get in he 'll just add some additional screening processes and pretend like he delivered . 
  even as a kid i thought estimate questions were dumb . 
  i 'm not saying people should n't care about spoilers . 
  i 'm just saying they should n't over dramatise their emotional reaction , or exaggerate the negative impact of spoilers . 
  spoilers suck , and you do lose that sense of surprise , but it does n't really ruin or spoil anything . 
  the story/series/episode , whatever , is n't ruined , only that surprise . 
  the show is still really good even if you knew the entire plot from the start . 
  furthermore , i 'm pointing out it 's your own job to protect against spoilers . 
  people should n't deliberately spoil shit for each other , but other than that you ca n't expect people to not do stuff ( like upvote this post ) , just because you might hear a spoiler . 
  huh ? 
  there are tonnes of countries that are restricted but not muslim ? 
  grow up . 
  omg , the doctor incorrectly suggested i eat junk food when i 'm actually overeating healthy regular food !, 
  now my entire life must be a noble struggle with my body image !, 
  it 's definitely possible to do if your family is full of women who like to cook . 
  when i was a kid i was literally getting a roast dinner every other meal . 
  why do you think so many italians are fat ? 
  anyone got one of these maps that is n't `` self-reported '' . 
  either done from historical records or genetics ? 
  self reported ancestry is quite meaningless . 
  the changes between censuses show clearly that people just report whatever they feel like . 
  german ancestry is simply `` hot '' right now . 
  i think the godfather scene where the lawyer guy defined himself as a `` mick-kraut '' did a lot to define us self reported ancestry . 
  on average yeah they 're not that fat . 
  but there are still a fair few chubby ones , especially children and the older generation . 
  it probably is harder to get fat over eating regular meals , but it 's certainly possible.also italy is overflowing with food joints , however the food takes 15 minutes to actually get there , and people mostly eat it sitting at the joint or take it home rather than stuffing it down in their cars and not appreciating it . 
  snacking culture is abysmal in the us , and the fatter european countries like the uk and germany definitely have snacking culture too . 
  hamburg sounds easiest to understand for me , 2nd easiest frankfurt . 
  amazing how the south east of england still has some of the highest purchasing power in europe despite also being one of the more expensive places to live in europe . 
  same goes for norway and switzerland . 
  personally i think germany has the right thing going on . 
  no insane cost of living there , but good all round purchasing power . 
  i 'd like to see a map like this that only looked at the cost of a basket of goods , rather than one that 's already relative to average income . 
  only in the south east though . 
  when i was born my family lived in a small house in fulham they 'd picked up years ago for under 200k , paying it off on a mortgage . 
  when the me and my siblings were born , after a while they decided it would be better to move to the midlands to be close to my grandparents who would share the weight of raising us while both my parents worked . 
  at the time this seemed like the smart move economically , nobody was expecting the london market to explode , and they could get a lot more house for the money in the midlands as well as the cost of living being cheaper . 
  the house they bought in the midlands was worth about 170k , when that house was sold quite a few years back now it was worth around 270k , the house in fulham they owned was worth over a million . 
  anyone who bought housing in the london area in the 80s or early 90s and kept it has literally sat on a gold mine . 
  ok , so first you have to realise that only the very rich could afford to eat like this back then . 
  this what the lords and ladies ate , not the average person .
