  whitesmiths, 
  wordsmiths, 
  worths, 
  wraths, 
  xenoliths, 
  youths, 
  zeniths, 
  maybe , definitely agree he 's british type from somewhere in asia , could be anywhere though . 
  at times he almost sounds australian , i 'm thinking hong kong ? 
  the only one that could . 
  it 's a real shame they were taken out of service , especially given that there was no vertical take off aircraft to replace them . 
  sadly vertical take off never `` took off '' if you pardon the pun . 
  the idea was to make aircraft carrier smaller , cheaper and more nimble by removing the need for much runway space , however the compromises needed to achieve vertical take off meant that the harrier never revolutionised the world of fighter jets . 
  could be and indian who went to british school then . 
  seems likely . 
  often the wealthy in certain places pack their kids off the british boarding schools abroad that follow the british curriculum . 
  username master_of_knowledge , i do n't think we could expect anything better . 
  no , it 's just another arrow to birmingham 's second city bow . 
  hardly , manchester 's overrated . 
  virtually the same video was posted yesterday saying raf pilot . 
  also it 's a video in the uk . 
  maybe it was a turkish pilot ? 
  fuck knows , if we could get some consistency that 'd be great ... 
  americans do seem have some kind of national neuroses when it comes to cleanliness . 
  not that they 're actually cleaner , but many are super grossed out by stupid stuff . 
  whenever the following comes up : kissing on the cheek ( eww gross mouth germs ) , bathing as in actual bathing not what americans think is bathing which is actually showering ( eww basking in your own filth ) , washing your hands in cold water ( warm water kills germs , despite the fact it does n't ) , outdoor cats ( disgusting and equivalent to animal abuse apparently ) , not to mention their habits of being adverse to rare meat ( whenever there 's a photo of a steak there 's always a massive debate about what constitutes medium rare ) , the obsession with flossing over there ... 
  seems to me that many americans have a super low tolerance for being disgusted by stuff and a somewhat irrational notion of hygiene that 's based on social taboos more than anything else . 
  almost seems to me that it 's a product of their culture , if you plant the notion not using a certain product is gross it 's a really easy way to make a fortune selling people more mouthwash , floss , deodorants and stuff . 
  if acne is widely held to be `` disgusting '' you 'll sell more creams , if coldsores make you a slut people will buy your expensive antiviral cream , if slightly off white teeth are unattractive and assumed to be a sign of poor oral health people will pay for your expensive teeth whitening regime . 
  not economically more advanced ( birmingham has the higher gdp ) , certainly not historically more relevant ( textiles were never that important , birmingham was the centre of the industrial revolution ) , and certainly not culturally ahead ( this is something mancs often tell themselves but it 's not objectively true , britpop is dead , nobody cares about the 90s , it 's nothing special ) . 
  mancunians really full just like the blow their own horn . 
  in my opinion though the true test is that birmingham 's not culturally up its own arse like manchester is , it knows it 'll always be second fiddle to london , it lies culturally between north and south , while manchester is the capital northern provincialism , and is often a tacky rip-off copy cat city . 
  for example whenever london gets something they have to copy it in manchester , just in an infinitely worse and tackier way ( pop-up restaurants for example ) . 
  birmingham does n't suffer from delusions of grandeur in thinking it can compete with a city of 9 million . 
  it 's just part of the respective cities ' characters , even the stereotypes , the self-depreciating brummy who makes light of his cities shortcomings , vs the loud obnoxious mancunian who trys and fails laughably at sophistication and thinks london is a dirty word . 
  i believe dentists do n't recommend regular flossing because of the damage it can do to your gums . 
  just seems like a typical after school fight in the uk to me . 
  one guy is n't really even into it but peer pressure makes him stand there . 
  other kid with an attitude wants to prove he 's the big man . 
  nothing to see here . 
  if only americans vaccinated their chickens . 
  of course naturally you should n't mess around with raw chicken . 
  yeah it always scares me , doctors can be equally bad . 
  i always naively imagined my doctor , reading classical literature and drinking fine wine on his or her night off , overhearing a bunch of them talking about the `` massive '' night in ` spoons they had and the fugly thing their mate went home with just is n't what you want to hear just before being put under . 
  just because you have the capacity to learn and remember a lot of complicated medical facts and formulae does n't make you intelligent in the more conventional sense . 
  actually flossing is an issue that splits the dental community . 
  some think it 's good , others point to studies saying it has very little benefit and over enthusiastic flossing causes damage . 
  my dentist is personally very against flossing , but instead recommends using a special brush designed for getting in the gaps which he believes is a much safer way to loosen food from hard to reach areas . 
  i never use it though because i 'm lazy and i 'm yet to have a filling so i do n't care . 
  that does make a lot more sense given the harshness of the sentence relative to the crime . 
  disobey a judge and you 'll spend some time in prison and that 's pretty much the same everywhere . 
  as far as i can see the women could 've held the service without any problems given the federal ruling , it 's just that the judge had expressly forbidden her from holding where it was held on the grounds of policy , as an act of protest the pastor disobeyed the judge 's ruling and held it there anyway . 
  she has n't really been given 30 days for marrying two people of the same gender , rather for doing something she was told not to do . 
  nonetheless it 's a ridiculous immoral law at the heart of the matter . 
  i wish we 'd had that shit at my university . 
  it would 've surely have given me the extra few percent i needed for the top grade : /, 
  americans are the only people i know see coldsores as a big deal . 
  i 've seen numerous threads on ex-pat forums with them bitching like crazy because their doctor wo n't prescribe them the strong antiviral cream you can buy in the us for them . 
  everywhere else they 're just a things pretty much everyone gets at some point in their life , given that they can be transmitted by kissing and something like 90 % of people carry the virus , but in the us because they are technically a kind of `` herpes '' they 're considered more like an std you wear on your face . 
  edit : i did some research on this and it actually has an interesting root , apparently in the 1970s an american drugs company came up with a drug that suppresses the symptoms of the herpes virus ( all forms ) . 
  the trouble was that nobody seemed to care about herpes at the time ( even herpes complex ) , because it was seen as a harmless aesthetic thing . 
  also these were the days of heavy pubic hair so it was n't even that obvious . 
  what they did was organise a marketing campaign warning people of the dangers of herpes complex ( genital herpes ) , which is a legitimate health concern , compared to herpes simplex ( cold sores ) . 
  the marketing campaign was very successful and people became far more concerned about genital herpes . 
  however there was an inadvertent ( or perhaps deliberate ) side effect , in that it associated cold sores with the std in the minds of the american public . 
  so even though they were trying to distinguish herpes the std from the oral virus , it actually just people aware of the connection . 
  from thenceforth cold sores have been stigmatised in the us . 
  it 's definitely filmed in the uk , but i do n't know if the pilot was turkish or not . 
  wow that 's a great tool . 
  so much interesting stuff you can see with it . 
  for example the terms `` ginger '' and `` gap year '' are on the rise in the usa . 
  `` gap year '' was pretty much non-existent in american english until 15 years ago . 
  the use of ginger has doubled since 1980 and now , probably owing the fact it 's no longer just used for the spice , but has also taken up the british use meaning `` redhead '' . 
  also the term `` queue '' has become more popular in american english , maybe owing to the abstract ideas like queuing for a match in an online game rather than the more literal `` waiting in line '' . 
  the other way we see a sharp rise of the term `` cookie '' in british english ( albeit not meaning quite the same thing ) . 
  a sharp rise in the term `` awesome '' around the 1960s and continuing to climb , ( brilliant sadly declining ) . 
  `` ballpark '' is also coming out of nowhere , which although rare i think might be used in the adopted expression `` ballpark figure '' since there are almost no actual ballparks in the uk . 
  the use of `` lumber '' has increased whilst the traditional british `` timber '' has stayed the same . 
  kinda . 
  obviously type-2 ( genital herpes ) is known to be harmful , it can complicate pregnancies , cause bladder and rectal problems , and even cause meningitis in rare cases , it can also make you more susceptible to other stds . 
  however type-1 herpes ( cold sores ) is n't remotely dangerous . 
  now when you say `` treated '' , in most countries doctors will recommend you simply use a non-active soothing over the counter cream on cold sores which will alleviate the pain to some degree , and wait for your body 's natural immunity to cure you of it . 
  now in america it 's not unusual for doctors to prescribe expensive anti-viral creams for this , a practice that is almost universally regarded as a bad idea elsewhere excepting the most extreme of cases . 
  the reasons for this as far as i 'm aware is that , firstly , it 's not very effective . 
  a cold sore will usually clear itself up within about 2 weeks , and using anti-viral cream will probably only speed this up by a few days since they do n't work like magic . 
  secondly , there are numerous possible side-effects to using an anti-viral cream which the aesthetic and/or irritation symptoms of cold sores does n't warrant risking , unless it 's a severe case causing significant problems for the sufferer . 
  as ever , the practices in the us seem to be more orientated around selling a cure to the customer regardless of whether they really need it , whilst in europe it 's at the doctor 's discretion to decide whether you truly need to be consuming some kind of drug . 
  furthermore i do n't know about your figures . 
  the ones i 've found say 68 % of americans carry type-1 herpes ( cold sores ) . 
  it does n't have average figures for the whole of europe but in the uk it 's between 69-78 % of people , denmark 76 % , germany 87 % . 
  so the prevalence in europe only seems to be slight , and is probably do to cultural things such as being more likely to engage in kissing , sharing glasses and bottles and so on . 
  i 'll also add that you 're more at risk of type-2 herpes in the us than in many countries , with an estimated 26 % of women aged 12-70 carrying , and 18 % of men of the same age bracket . 
  compare this to 5 % and 3 % in the uk , 4 % and 4 % in spain , 15 % and 11 % in germany , and 22 % and 11 % in switzerland . 
  what 's interesting is that type-2 is a lot more common amongst older people , because they belong to a generation of people who just did n't worry about herpes at all , believing it to have no ill effects about from being ugly and/or itchy , rather than the modern attitude of it being a mild but still problematic std . 
  wow , i 'm always so shocked about the illegality of some of the shit that gets posted here . 
  people going mad screaming and shouting at someone in the street , fine , people breaking stuff or chucking stuff around fine , even the occasional two sided punch up . 
  i can see why someone , in the heat of the moment , might ignore the camera filming them . 
  however i see tonnes of stuff on here that is actually serious crime , not slap on the wrist stuff , like , go to prison for a long-ish time stuff . 
  i ca n't understand why people do this stuff when they 're surrounded people . 
  there was that awful aggravated assault with a skateboard on that guy where he just hit him at full strength in the head , now this .
