  britt appears to be a kind of fish . 
  sounds exactly like the french education in the uk . 
  reading comprehension , writing short stories , and listening comprehension tests made up the most of it . 
  all you need to do is learn to read a story aloud for your oral test and then answer like 5 questions about it from a list of 30 and you 're done . 
  i can still remember how mine started . 
  je m ` appelle kingofeggsandwiches . 
  you basically just filled 3 minutes with this bullshit and never spoke the language again . 
  well it 's considerably less than optimal , i was meant to be signing a year long 20 hour a week contract with them this week ironically and we were wondering why it was taking the head offices so long to come back with the contracts . 
  naturally this has come as a shock for everyone but the executive tier of management and could n't have been foreseen . 
  never fear , there are other jobs and i wo n't be out on the street , failing that there 's always unemployment benefit : /, 
  to be fair in many countries civil law has shown to provide greater material justice than common law . 
  there 's a flip side to everything you say . 
   lawyers do not dominate trials, 
  which means a person with a good lawyer wo n't get a few years probation while a person with a bad lawyer gets 15 years . 
  it 's more equal and does n't benefit the rich or disadvantage the poor . 
   judges are n't impartial, 
  ask yourself ? 
  who would you rather be cross examined by ? 
  a judge whose career will remain unaffected by the outcome of the trial and probably does n't have any reason to be bias , or a hotshot public prosecutor a few years out of harvard law trying to make a name for himself as a case winner ? 
  which one is going to push as hard as he or she thinks necessary to achieve justice , and which one is interested in simply getting the defendant the harshest penalty possible to prove their effectiveness ? 
   there is no right to trail by jury, 
  serious , who do you think is better suited to make a judgement , a panel of highly educated trained judges and lay judges , or 12 random joes off the street who we know nothing about ? 
  who could well be racist , prejudice , assholes for all we know ? 
  frankly there are all kinds of benefits to civil law , like i said there have been studies that show it delivers better material justices . 
  less cases of false imprisonment , more consistent degrees of punishment and so forth . 
  the adversarial side to common law courts , and juries , was a measure built into protect against systemic corruption , however it was also designed in the days when information travelled slowly and there was little opportunity for bad judgements to be made public or evaluated by peers , it 's somewhat unnecessary now to have such a system . 
  now codification , that 's something i 'm not a fan of , personally i 'd prefer a synthesis of common law with an inquisitorial judgement system as opposed to an adversarial one , which is actually the direction the english ( and welsh ) legal system has been moving in the last decades , at least in regards to trial by jury becoming less frequent and more and more matters being resolved in the lower courts ( magistrates ) which has a more similar setup to a roman court . 
   and to be perfectly honest , not being rude , i can see you do n't know a thing about rollerblading and talk like you do , like most skateboarders . 
  no offence mate but you sound like you 've a bit of persecution complex . 
  want to know how i know why ? 
  because i 'm not a skateboarder , i 'm a rollerblader , as you seem to be calling me out as if i were a skateboarder , i rollerbladed all through my teens ( late 90s to mid 2000s ) and recently got back into it about a year or so ago . 
  the only time i 've ever skateboarded was for about 6 months before i tried out a pair of blades . 
  i was merely commenting of my experience with rollerblading , as a rollerblader . 
  yes , i 've seen barely dead too , i 'm well aware of the smear campaign that blading faced . 
  that does n't mean i do n't think your presumptive when you suggest that skateboarding has n't gone through cycles and changes equivalent to the changes in recent years in rollerblading . 
  i also wanted to point out that from my perspective , coming back to action sports after almost a decade away , i see how skateboarding has advanced in that time and compare it to rollerblading and it 's a shame . 
  and yes i know why ... 
  i know the industry has been sabotaged and i know the market is smaller than it used to be even when i skated the first time around . 
  i was merely pointing out my perspective on it . 
  that it 's obvious skateboarding has been well funded enough to really push the boundaries while rollerblading has managed to innovate a bit ( the styles now are different to what i used to watch on vhs as a kid ) , it 's not had the same degree of diversification or boundary pushing . 
  try reading next time before you start telling people they `` do n't know a thing about rollerblading '' . 
  seems to me that it 's you who does n't know a thing about reading what someone is actually saying . 
  you know what mate . 
  i 'll also add , as a rollerblader , that it was n't just skateboarding that led to the decline of rollerblading from where it was in the late 90s , even if there was a lot of hate from that community . 
  it was also a lot to do with the public . 
  rollerblading had it 's peak popularity before skateboarding had it 's resurgence , in the late 90s , by the mid 2000s it was already old hat to the public at large , and it had the taint of the previous decade on it at time when people were looking forward to the new millennium . 
  meanwhile skateboarding had a resurgence in the early 00s with the release of the tony hawk games , suddenly every 12 year old on the street had a skateboard while before they probably would 've bladed . 
  skateboarding got luckier with the peak time of its popularity as it was a time when people were looking for new defining ideas at the start of a decade / century . 
  furthermore it has a lot to do with business and corporate interests . 
  when skateboarding had its resurgence in the early 00s it wowed everyone because it was one of the first time a computer game had really gone out and changed public attitude and caused an industry to boom like this . 
  corporate interests jumped on it in a huge way , which where all the finance for skating came from in those days . 
  had it not been for that game the market could 've looked complete different . 
  tony hawk was one of the best selling games of the 2000s . 
  tonnes of investors had jumped on the skateboarding industry when they saw the writing on the wall . 
  the removal of rollerblading from the x-games in 2005 was n't simply because of dumb skateboarder jokes `` hurr durr fruit boots '' or whatever . 
  it was also because at the time skateboarding had peaked and looked like it might begin shrinking as an industry . 
  tonnes of corporate heads were looking for ways to keep the boom going , and the industry was infested by phoney corporate types who only cares about the money , one way to desperately try to flog the cash cow was to push skateboarding even harder , and one way to achieve this was to ensure they did n't have to share the stage with rollerbladers any more . 
  by saving money by removing the sport they were free to direct more tournament time and money to skateboarding , which is what all the financial interests wanted at the time . 
  even this did n't work out how it was planned , as the skateboarding industry declined in the late 00s and has since , although due to the huge investment of the time has managed to keep its head above water more effectively than rollerblading . 
  what the industry was pushing for in those days was never really realised in the way they 'd hoped , as they were hoping action sports were going to break mainstream in the same way as ice hockey or skiing has , with prime time tv coverage etc. 
  which never really materialised . 
  in many ways blading was the first victim of the over expansion of the industry and sky 's the limit corporate thinking that overstretched action sports as a whole from where it naturally would 've been had it been left to the enthusiasts . 
  it 's not simply as gay jokes even if someone people reductively suggest it is . 
  it was also a lot to do with how action sports were changed from a hobby full of enthusiasts to an industry worth millions of dollars . 
  blocked in germany too, 
  this is the best and most awkward scene [ ever ] ( https://youtu.be/q5gxj7fhtds?t=2051 ) . 
  pure genius . 
  i do n't know what you 're talking about there tbh . 
  wall street is a franchise only in the sense that it sells its brand to investment companies looking to use their model . 
  the people who work for them are n't business owners they 're employees . 
  furthermore i ca n't think of any other countries where wall street has closed operations ( although i do n't know for sure ) . 
  wall street existed for 21 years in germany and had 23 schools . 
  it also offered full employment for all teachers which was a rarity in germany . 
  it was n't really a prestige school , there were certainly better alternatives , but it was n't the worst either . 
  you might be better searching the subreddit to find threads where this has been asked before , or failing that starting a new one . 
  i do n't know about in other countries , but in germany wall street was considered an ok place to work amongst much of the teaching community . 
  they certainly paid better than berlitz anyway . 
  pretty much all of their teachers were either celta/tesol qualified or at least had a few years experience in another country ( it 's extremely hard to teach unqualified and without experience in germany ) . 
  berlitz however has a reputation for taking anyone and barely paying anything . 
  most teachers are freelance here which means unless you have a lot of work coming your way then you 're not better off than a full time employee on a lower salary . 
  tefl is generally not a well paid profession here and in much of europe simply because generally there is an abundance of native speakers within the eu . 
  i 'd be careful . 
  i know nothing about that programme , but a friend of mine recently went to madrid to on the promise of a job and found out after the training that they only took a % of the teachers they 'd trained and ended up broke and having to be flown home . 
  sounds like bad luck to me . 
  * the * football . 
  was n't it that humans evolved to prioritise slow twitch muscle fibre so they could hunt over long distances . 
  most animals have more fast twitch fibres which allows them to jump very high and hit very hard which would be useful in say , swinging between branches in trees . 
  i 'll add that in greece it was even more complicated than this . 
  there was certainly a taboo regarding penetrative sex as a man , and the continuation of male-male relationships into adulthood . 
  if a man allowed himself to be penetrated , or at least admitted it , he was unmanly and derided . 
  if two men carried their relationship on into the adulthood of the beloved then they were considered weird and unmanly . 
  you can see this dynamic in some plato 's dialogues . 
  the greek pederasty had a number of rules , it was always meant to between a fully grown man and a teenage boy who was around the age of getting his first beard . 
  the sex was meant to be non-penetrative with the older man receiving pleasure and the younger giving . 
  as you noted that it was a lot of do with networking , an exchange of sexual favours for an induction into the adult male world and teaching about the political inner workings of the society . 
  what 's interesting is that loads of cultures both ancient and modern , and in greek and roman culture , we see the same prejudice occurring which is that being receptive partner as a man is somehow a lot worse than being the dominant partner . 
  this is definitely something that exists today in various parts of south america , central asia and the middle east . 
  i wonder if this is a factor in why pakistan has such a demand for gay porn , many men simply not seeing it as `` gay '' or `` immoral '' if they 're identifying with the dominant role . 
  i do n't think it 's a simple as `` boy fucking is allowed therefore i will do it , man love is n't allowed therefore i wo n't '' . 
  i think it has a lot to do with societies where women are treated as possession and derided in their value as people .
