  scotland would set taxes and allot the budget in a way that was in its interest without concern for the uk . 
  banks would open there to take advantage of whatever particular economic situation the new government created . 
  new public sector jobs would open there to deal with the newly created responsibilities of governance . 
  corporate lobbyists wanting to secure their status in independent scotland under the new regime would flood in . 
  these things are inevitable even if scotland takes an over all loss . 
  wow you are really missing how this works . 
  imagine you 're from hamburg , now imagine your grandmother was from aachen , whose mother was dutch , her grandmother was spanish-dutch from the period when the countries were unified , her father was a spaniard with moorish blood , go back another six generations and one of these spaniard 's ancestors was entirely north african . 
  twelve generations back is your nearest black ancestor . 
  accounting for roughly 1/2048 of your dna . 
  you seem to be missing how many ancestors your have once you go back a number of generations . 
  it does n't even take any of your ancestors to actually have an interracial relationship , just a slow trail of people breeding with other people who live progressively closer to the african continent . 
  i mean if you go back 20 generations you have 524288 ancestors , are you sure some of them were n't black ? 
  o7 brings a tear to this patriots eye o7, 
  yeah it 's pretty much complete fake . 
  the call the camera crew will make regarding whether someone has been tracked will be as arbitrary as the narrative they 're trying to build around them . 
  all the cctv footage is either fake or at least borrowed from the camera 's owner . 
  it 's not like they have access to any of resources that the government has . 
  what 's even more ridiculous is that they do stuff like pretend to bug people 's houses ( despite the fact they 'd legally need to get permission from the residents to leave recording devices in the homes ) , which would n't even be legal if the government did it . 
  i mean they seem to be caught up in this as if it were james bond or something . 
  virtually all the spouses seem to give permission to search the flats and snoop through phones and computers , some of them even give them up . 
  what 's more is they all seem to make contact to their loved ones in ways that just happen to be traceable , it 's all rather convenient . 
  at this point i do n't know why i 'm even watching it . 
  i was hoping for something a bit more believable . 
  obviously there are many shared ancestors , but does n't really change anything , some of those ancestors were from different parts of the world . 
  even if actually 80 % are shared , it 's still enough to mean within 20 generations you probably have an african ancestor . 
  you 're still not getting how quickly this spreads . 
  i 'm sure at least some spanish-dutch did go to rural england and to poland , it only takes a few dozen to move to those parts of the world and within generations there are hundreds of people in those countries who share that black relative . 
  you just seem to be doing everything to dismiss this obvious fact . 
   fewest contestants . 
  a myth spread by idiots ... 
  nobody says either of those . 
  it 's libree and temprature . 
  this is because unnecessary vowels are dropped in english , just as they are in french . 
  this is especially true before suffixes like - ly and - ry . 
  it 's only colonials who insist on pronouncing every letter like children when they 're learning how to read ... 
  err . . that person is n't british ... a british person would n't say liberry , it 's always libree if it 's shortened . 
  the way the british shorten words is n't some product of not wanting to pronounce the word fully , it 's actually how english evolved to be spoken after the norman invasion . 
  maintenant in french is two syllables ( mant-non ) , similarly an english word would be reduced too , interest ( in-trest ) , temporary ( tem-puh-ree ) and so on . 
  you do n't seem to get this still !, 
  it does n't require an african to go to poland or england to breed . 
  all it requires is an african to breed with a tunisian , a tunisian to breed with sicilian , the sicilian to breed with an italian , an italian to breed with an austrian , an austrian to breed with a north german , a north german to breed with a pole and voila there 's your ancestor . 
  and of course it only takes this person to have a few children and within 10 generations half of poland has got some small amount of african blood . 
  i 'm perfectly comfortable with that argument . 
  for example all the blacks in north africa have some middle eastern heritage , who will in turn have some european blood . 
  it could go nigerian  libyan  tunisian  egyptian  jordanian  turkish  greek  hungarian  polish , thus meaning someone in africa does have polish ancestry . 
  the only people who would have to go back really far to find an ancestor of a difference race would be really cut off tribes that have n't breed with civilised people for thousands of years . 
  literally everyone else would find that if they go back many generations they 'll find that some shoot that goes off abroad and ends up somewhere with a completely different ethnicity . 
  wander , what , want , wand and so on . 
  there is a reason they make this mistake . 
  well the original word was french and pronounced neesh ( or however old french would have pronounced it ) . 
  however the early middle english speaking peasants could n't handle neesh so it became nitch . 
  nitch was therefore the original english pronunciation , until people realised they could appear more fancy by using the upper class francophone version . 
  you are just mishearing what is actually happening . 
  british english flows more than american english . 
  british speakers tend to avoid gaps in sounds between words . 
  a word like `` idea '' will only sound like `` idear '' ( to you at least ) , when it 's becoming before a vowel . 
  this is because a slight - r is used to keep speech flowing . 
  instead of `` idea ( pause ) of '' , it 's `` idea rof '' . 
  similarly in words that end in - r , that - r will be pronounced before a vowel `` dear anny '' will sound like `` dear ranny '' . 
  this is all part of how speech runs together . 
  british speakers link everything `` at all '' will sound like `` at tall '' , `` you all '' will sound like `` you wall '' and so on . 
  the word is coup\u00e9 in english , from the past participle , it 's coo-pay . 
  yeah but that 's a bit of generalisation . 
  plenty of british accent do all those things . 
  many pronounce - r , and do n't use broad - a. 
  reducing vowels in words is more an upper class francophone aristocracy thing vs lower class peasantry thing . 
  us retains the use of guess but uk retains the use of reckon , and a host of other words . 
  the subjunctive is still in use in the uk , it 's merely not as widespread as in american english . 
  meanwhile the uk retains forms like `` he was to go to america '' forming a normative statement about the future with the infinitive , while many americans would use `` he was going to go to america '', 
  no british people do make that distinction that source is just inaccurate . 
  british people prefer to use should when form that kind of subjunctive statement . 
  `` they insisted that he should leave '' instead of `` they insisted that he leave '' . 
  `` they insisted that he left '' would only be said if they were telling you that he 'd already left the location . 
  no , upper class would pronounce it secret ` ry, 
   you guys pronounce ` hot ' as if it had an ` a ' in it . 
  why ? 
  so basically it 's the broad - a. 
  the sound in words like calm and father if you 're american , the sounds in arse and bart if you 're english ( not from the west country or blackburn ) , and the sound in `` past '' and `` grass '' if you 're from the south east/posh . 
  this is positioned in the mouth in the same place as the british way of saying a word like hot . 
  the difference is that the `` pot '' sound is rounded , while the `` ah '' sound is not . 
  americans do n't round this sound any more , making the `` pot '' vowel sound like `` ah '' or british `` part '' vowel . 
  lol they accused you of `` taking the piss out of '' their haircut, 
  webster 's influence ends as soon as you leave the us . 
  oed all the way . 
  the british rp accent is also know for being clear ... 
  that 's not how any of this works . 
  in bre ass is a type of donkey . 
  a lot of things people think are upper class , like using overly fancy terminology and pronouncing everything as it 's written on the page are actually considered lower class . 
  also unnecessarily frenchifying things is a terrible faux pas in traditional upper class society . 
  there 's a reason why on downton they have the actors say `` valet '' with a - t rather than `` val-lay '' . 
  john betjeman 's poem `` how to get on in society '' shows this rather well . 
   phone for the fish knives , norman, 
  as cook is a little unnerved ;, 
  you kiddies have crumpled the serviettes, 
  and i must have things daintily served . 
   are the requisites all in the toilet ? 
  the frills round the cutlets can wait, 
  till the girl has replenished the cruets, 
  and switched on the logs in the grate . 
   it 's ever so close in the lounge dear ,,
