  the only people slightly inconvenienced by the thing would be government who 'd have to actually get off their arses to change the law and adjust taxes accordingly . 
  it 's an opt out quasi legal procedure that is inefficient and antiquated as hell . 
  it 's illegal to watch bbc live content without the licence , however , the bbc have to make civil actions if they want to force them to pay . 
  they are n't a government organisation with any actual authority though , so the people they send out checking have no actual power to check whether someone watches tv . 
  virtually every human being in the uk owns a device capable of watching live broadcast bbc content these days , and since many of these are laptops , tablets , and phone even the notion of checking becomes an invasion of privacy . 
  if you do n't pay and do n't inform them that you 're not doing so they come out and accuse you of trying to avoid paying it , if you do opt out and say you do n't meet the legal criteria then they 're liable to come out and check if you 're lying because they do n't believe you . 
  there is no real way for the bbc to enforce the licence fee , it 's a system that only manages to survive because enough people like the bbc enough to pay for it . 
  rather than the whole stupid malarkey , we should simply draft legislation that guarantees the bbc whatever the current avg . 
  licence fee revenue is for the last few years and decide how it should track inflation , whether and how it should adjust relative to purchasing power and so on . 
  all that 's protecting the licence fee as it stands is legislation . 
  legislation that parliament could undo tomorrow if they really wanted to . 
  the only real significance of this change is that theoretically it means that people who do n't watch live broadcast tv might have to pay for it , ( and after september only those people who do n't watch live tv or on demand ) . 
  the idea , though , that there 's legions of stoic old grannies out there who only read books is getting pretty laughable in this day and age . 
  virtually every single person the uk makes use of the bbc in some fashion , whether that be listening to the radio , browsing their news websites , watching iplayer tablet or whatever . 
  i mean why would n't you ? 
  even if it 's just to know the weather forecast . 
  the only people who might not benefit from the bbc are literally only those ideologically opposed to the bbc who go out their way to avoid it , and those people are cranks . 
  it 's about time the uk did something right for a change and bravely accepted the change in the times rather than holding onto a quaint antiquated system that does n't make sense just because that 's `` the way it 's always been done '' . 
  sorry i forgot what the thread was about :3 i see what you mean . 
  obviously the law is only referring to legal viewing not piracy , so if there are legal ways to watch bbc programmes on demand other than iplayer they would apply to them too . 
  i know you 're already meant to have a tv licence if you watch bbc live broad on legal third party sites . 
  yeah fuck off you plastic paddy cuntflap . 
  you can tell a plastic paddy by the way he 's very angry about things that allegedly were done to his ancestors by other people 's ancestors as if those things happened yesterday and he were actually there . 
  oh , and by the way the mississippi runs through new orleans so i 'm sure they had to travel down it at some point or the other . 
  yeah , i know , they send me letters all the time . 
  it 's a better system in a way but it 's still a stupid thing to have a separate revenue collection system . 
  i personally think paying through tax is far more painless and efficient . 
  that 's because there were already people living there . 
  if you 're a religious nut looking for a promised land it helps if there are n't that many locals around questioning what the hell you 're doing . 
  it 's also worth noting that many europeans did flee east into places like russia beyond the urals and kazakstan because their religious practices were n't tolerated . 
  yeah fuck off you cunt . 
  you 're not worth anybody 's creativity . 
  enjoy your `` culture '' you plastic paddy yank stereotype and i 'll stay here in europe thanks . 
  shut up , i 'm british , i 'll dare to do what i want thanks . 
  the suggestion that us history is `` full of triumph '' and that europe 's is full of `` anguishes '' is fucking stupid narrative and you should know that . 
  sounds shitty . 
  i just stream everything , on demand sites are generally shoddy . 
  yeah and it 's crazies like you who make it difficult for the rest of us . 
  no , it 's just that i have better things to do with my time than getting into a pissing match with a fucking moron . 
  the thing about pissing matches is that nobody wins , but there 's a good chance you 'll get piss on you . 
  i 'm actually capable of writing one liners and telling you you 're a cunt while doing something else . 
  do you actually expect me to expend my energy on a cunt like you ? 
  yeah fuck off you nationalist moron . 
  not really . 
  nothing i 've said is untrue , but butthurt patriots ca n't stand anyone raining on their parade . 
  no name calling on my behalf . 
  just some dumb patriot failing to conceal his slighted ego by responding with endless drivel . 
  it 's not an insult when it 's a fact . 
  plenty did . 
  many sects of christianity , while being tolerated , still left to practise their religion in an imagined promise land . 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't read . 
  so naturally freeing ourselves from the organisation that forces the government to keep various workers right is the answer . 
  it 's a pseudo tax designed to put distance between the government and bbc to placate those that would accuse of a nationalised media agency of being a propaganda station . 
  ultimately , it makes no difference , as the bbc rely on the government to enact legislation that entitles them to demand people pay the licence . 
  legally you must pay it if you watch live tv ( and soon on demand too ) , this is written into law by government . 
  in the uk people are n't asked if they want to buy the licence fee , they are assumed to be legally required to pay it , and if they do n't then they are treated with suspicion and checked up on . 
  if this does n't sound like a tax to you i have no bloody idea what you think a tax is . 
  last time i checked netflix were n't sending inspectors round to people 's houses because they do n't subscribe to netflix . 
  if you do n't believe that it 's a tax , then you 've missed the point of what is actually happening , and have fallen for a false attempt to distance the bbc from government funding . 
  ultimately there are only two worthwhile ways of doing this , fully nationalised or fully privatised . 
  the bbc should be paid for with tax or it should be paid per view service that costs the same as the licence fee per year to view . 
  anything else is a pretence . 
  i still think a commercial aeroplane is safer , sorry . 
  lol , explain to me how fucking your camera is massively dangerous again ? 
  mean you like virtually all english speaking peoples out of north america and a large amount of people in the ne of the us ? 
  not just english speakers either , tonnes of european languages disregard - r if it 's not followed by a vowel . 
  what is this `` joke '' ? 
  some kind of food ? 
  my pair of feinbergs still run just fine . 
  the soul plate is paper think though and the bolts have worn so they ca n't be turned . 
  the boot , lining and shock absorbers are just fine though . 
  if i had some extra money i 'd refurbish them completely with new plates , frames , wheels , bearings etc. 
  schadenfreude = enjoyment at another 's expense, 
  not everything has to be translated 1 word to 1 word . 
  i 'm sorry , you 're retarded . 
  i just checked your comment , and the tests conclusively prove your retarded nature . 
  do n't worry , my ex-girlfriend was tarded , now she 's a pilot . 
  he 's obviously developed a taste for the stink of fromage , cheap wine , and baguettes . 
  than *, 
  this looks like a couple of drunk guys having a punch up , not a boxing match . 
  i 'll raise you diggit with recess followed by sm : tv with pok\u00e9mon, 
  the joke was bad . 
  what a load of crap . 
  meh , playing the same song gets boring . 
  if radiohead can go almost a decade without performing `` creep '' then this guy can have a moan . 
  what annoys me is when people keep expecting ordinary bands to play their hits over and over but will rush to defend superstars when they do n't . 
  imo it 's either ok not to or they should play , you ca n't hold people to different standards just because they 're `` legends '' . 
  so many people think you 're a dick it must really hurt your feelings . 
  what is this non-kjb heresy ? 
  what 's wrong with the king james bibles , on the whole the crazier the sect the newer the bible translation ime . 
  baptists must be an exception . 
  instead of going on what you mother said , i suggest you check out some readings of old english . 
  i 've studied both middle and early modern english , i also speak german pretty well , and it means fuck all to me . 
  you might make out one word in 20 . 
  it does n't matter how many modern languages you speak though , you wo n't be able to understand it . 
  you 're not a `` special case '' . 
  if you want to study the lexicon , grammar and phonology of the time and learn the language that 's great , but people who claim to understand old english without doing that are just horribly full of shit . 
  wbc are baptists , which i already covered . 
  also i just meant it as a general trend not an absolute rule . 
  it 's not a moot point at all .
