  france , on the other hand , has more to gain from damaging the uk , the giving it the immigration measure combined with major economic set backs would be the ultimate way of having the uk hoist itself by its own petard , and in their minds hopefully staunch the growth of populism in its own back garden . 
  britain chickening out scares other governments and the business world into see leaving the eu as too damaging to be doable , whereas the uk being struck with recession and dissatisfied with the result would clearly show the french voter why eurosceptic populism is a bad idea . 
  i disagree , for the most part i think it would be a powerful way to discourage any other governments with an element of euroscepticism from allowing referendums or even treating it like a viable option , because it would clearly say that leaving the eu is logistically and economically non-viable . 
  however , it would not stop populism , as they would just blame the `` elites '' more and carry on their revolutionary rhetoric . 
  i think this is clearly why france seems to be more pro-brexit than some other countries , because they are scared of le pen . 
  france would rather see the uk damaged and in economic trouble , as it would send a strong message to the eurosceptic voters in their country , whereas germany might be less concerned about that . 
  if the uk did n't invoke article 50 there 's very little that the eu could do to change anything . 
  it also would n't be wise to piss off the uk public by trying to change anything . 
  long term , we 'd probably see less tolerance for britain in the eu , sure , but you 're seriously underestimating how beneficial a status quo result would be for everyone , including the eu . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  that 's the position that it 's most logical for the eu to take if they want to discourage the uk from leaving , but it 's not what they actually want . 
  they 're just playing hardball , precisely because it makes the uk following through on its promise viable . 
  politics is a lot more complicated than 52 % of the public voted this way in a non-binding referendum and therefore matter are unambiguous and clear . 
  in fact a 2 % difference is high ambiguous , it 's the kind of majority that could easily swing the other way a week or so later . 
  status quo would be a good deal for everyone , because it would it would immediately return certainty to the market , all fears of a recession would be averted , and there would be no costs involved in changing anything . 
  the eu has the most interest in the status quo result , because it will discourage countries from considering leaving viable . 
  places like france and poland have least to gain from a status quo result , because it wo n't stop the spread of populism in those countries and just give their eurosceptic voices more allegations to hurl . 
  by status quo result , i mean a result where the uk either ignores the result of the referendum and pledges to remain , or a 2nd referendum with indication that a remain outcome is likely . 
  europe certainly is n't happy about the currency devaluation and market uncertainty the uk is currently causing , but the fallout is mostly limited to the uk , with companies leaving , but ultimately heading eu bound . 
  forcing the uk into a significant recession , which may be the eu 's only option if the uk invokes article 50 , will certainly have considerable knock on effects on the eurozone economies , which is ultimately something i think all the eu member states and eu would rather avoid , they do not want their own economies in danger of recession either . 
  by saying `` we want an immediate article 50 with no assurances before its invoked , and no official indication of what our post article 50 invocation position will be '' , the eu is doing its best to make it unappealing as possible for the uk to actually pull the trigger . 
  i dislike dawkins because of glib he is on most philosophical issues and his failure to engage with really hard cognitive and philosophical problems in science . 
  his attitude me is very much to focus on what we do know and not really engage with any serious opponents , he 's made a career out of dissing religious thinkers to please his followers , but has n't really done anything to be convincing to people who do n't already agree with them , and he 's never provided much of a positive picture of what he really thinks . 
  i think there are many many much more intelligent atheist or agnostic , scientifically and philosophically literate thinkers out there that are leagues ahead of dawkins when it comes to providing an interesting account of what the world is really like . 
  one example of his idiocy is when one of his opponents actually does something smart ( although i will admit he 's mostly up against morons ) , and researches something that is hard to explain and is taken seriously by the vast majority of the non-religious academic community , he tends to just do a silly face and make out like these people are just making problem where there are none . 
  he really fails to engage academically with his opponents . 
  the few times he debates someone who is n't a moron , for example , a highly respected doctor of theology , someone who is also an academic , all he does is dissolve the debate to a childish level of posturing and manoeuvring , and it 's really quite intellectually insulting . 
  all in all i do n't like his attitude and dismissive combined with his negativity , always saying what 's wrong but rarely contribution to what 's right . 
  he 's almost anti-intellectual in his exclamations about science being all we need and refusal to even play devil 's advocate . 
  better thinkers realise that scientific knowledge is built upon the sands of our philosophical understanding , and you ca n't just do away with latter by means of the former . 
  that kind of serious debate does n't go viral though . 
  i 'm much rather the scientific community were represented by someone really worthwhile like david chalmers , than the mediocre populist that is dawkins . 
  ultimately , the smart people are all busy contributing to our beliefs , whereas dawkins just makes a career going around knocking other people 's beliefs without forming a coherent vision of his own . 
  what they 're talking about is the efta , the efta has access to the common market , trading with france , germany , and the wider eu would remain the same in this case . 
  the problem is that the eu calls the shots regarding the efta , they accept freedom of movement , contribute financially to the eu , and are bound by a reasonable quantity of eu legislation , in return they get exemptions from various parts of the eu , for example fishing and agriculture . 
  regardless of what happens we 'd lose our financial passport to export financial services to the eu , which is the real factor in all of this and the biggest threat to the prosperity of the uk . 
  those guys have nicer temperaments for sure , but i 'm really not fond of this breed of scientific populism in general . 
  i do n't think it really does a good job at what it is supposed to be doing , which is essentially enlightening people to discourage them from being radical or ignorant . 
  it 's all a bit too shallow with too much slagging each other off . 
  which claims would they be ? 
   not only are you showing complete ignorance of dawkins stance due to your own lack of research , but you 've also misconstrued so much that you have to be lying or an idiot . 
  i 've read much of dawkins work , and be clear i 'm not talking about his work in evolutionary biology but his other work , and it 's a load of populist trite , you would never find crap like the god delusion on a respectable university reading list . 
   dawkins speaks and debates to promote scientific literacy and there 's only a handful of real scientists who do that . 
  it 's important . 
  imho he does a bad job in that regard , he preaches to the choir for the support it gets him , he does n't really engage with anyone who needs their mind changing . 
   maybe you should go over dawkins body of work . 
  maybe look at his peer reviewed published works and citations made from those works and see how much he done in his field . 
  i doubt you will because you 're making tons of baseless assertions and parading yourself over someone who is likely a genius because you think he 's mean sometimes . 
  i know his work , any old idiot can start writing about religion , stick in references and call it intellectual . 
  in reality it 's not serious academic work . 
  he should stick to evolutionary biology and not very popular but mediocre broader thinking . 
  why are you rushing to defend him anyway ? 
  i 'm not saying i 'm smarter , i 'm just reflecting how he regarded in many academic circles , which is basically as a decent evolutionary biologist but otherwise a populist celebrity thinker . 
  are you saying that most academics are liars or idiots ? 
  there are plenty of good examples of his failure to actually argue against things he does n't want to , and taking a condescending tone , just watch some of his debates that are n't with strongly religious people . 
  also i 'd like to know what subject that reading list is for , regardless , his work on religion is widely considered to be dross that just summaries and oversimplifies things for public consumption . 
  your opinion seems like shit to me my friend , and you seem to already be evangelicalised by him judging from your tone , so go ahead and believe what you want . 
  i 'm not actually quite that young , but i voted because it has a strong impact on me . 
  if it had been a few years ago , because of mt intention of going abroad i probably would have voted , but a few years before that , when the outcome would n't foreseeably affect me ? 
  i think there 's a fair chance of me being too lazy to register for it . 
  my brother , for example , did n't really see himself having a stake in it ( although i fear now it 's clear that where he works wo n't be untouched by it ) , because of this he did n't bother to vote . 
  enjoy your lost generation . 
  to be fair it takes guts to admit when you 're wrong . 
  how many leave voters do you reckon believed that in the case of a leave win they 'd wake up the next day and everything would be exactly the same but with controls on immigration ? 
  how few realised that a leave result would mean the total upheaval of the major uk political parties and the complete replanning of the economy ? 
  i watch the bbc news everyday , although i do n't live in the uk , not a fucking clue who tim farron was until i googled it . 
  ironically i 've voted for the lib dems many times before up until 2010 . 
  true , those resources do n't exist , surely however the tents could just given away . 
  i would n't mind packing up and washing a tent if it were free !, 
  what you have to understand is that the uk as a nation has these houses instead of flats . 
  if other countries were as keen on owning their own house as the british then you 'd have comparable houses ( albeit with a unique national architecture ) , but the majority of other countries that are compare with the uk in culture , climate , and history all build flats in urban areas . 
  bear in mind that every country has its own building style , and countries that are more similar culturally have more similar building styles . 
  that said there is always diversity between areas within a country . 
  germany has a typical house building style too , often having highly slopped roofs and wooden framework , brickwork covered and painted in white or light pastel colours . 
  however , in germany , compared to the uk you often have to drive relatively further out of the cities to see these houses in large number , because even high income germans with families are much more comfortable with flat if they 're living in a town or city . 
  high income brits however will only live in flats when the degree of urbanisation is much higher , london being the key example . 
  the british relationship with their cities is strange as well . 
  in cities like birmingham and manchester many people tend to move out of the city as they go up the social ladder . 
  affluent young couples may live in an inner city flat close to the action while working in the city until they can afford to get a mortgage on a house 10 miles out of the city centre , only to pay more money and spend more time commuting back to the inner city for work . 
  the only true exception to this mentality i 've seen , in england at least , is london , where obviously centrality correlates very strongly with desirability and property values . 
  while it 's a boast in london to tell people you live in a flat near hyde park for example , if you 're affluent and living in another city people would think you mad if you chose to raise a family in an inner city flat , even a spacious one , rather than in the suburbs . 
  in other countries i 've lived in it seems like you get a more london mentality even in cities with under 1 million population total . 
  conurbations are smaller as a consequence of that . 
  people actually like their inner cities and engage with them more readily . 
  so ultimately , the answer , which is somewhat unsatisfying , is that the uk has many red brick semi-detached because of a combination of history and culture . 
  i think you might be exaggerating the similarity of the houses in style though . 
  where i grew up everyone in the are a lived in mock tudor style semi detached houses . 
  a few miles away in the city there was a large number of art deco style houses , if you went further out you saw lots of modern houses , some small new build with brick brickwork , others mismatched grandiose `` mcmansions '' custom built by footballers and wealthy provincial social climbers . 
  red brick is merely common because there was a large expansion of the cities in the 1800s , and that style was something people liked to it imitated later on . 
  hmm i know it was a massive fuck you to the political class , but i do n't think people were expecting a mess of this proportion . 
  labour , perhaps , since so many labour voters have become disenfranchised with the party . 
  however , i think many expected the tories to pick up the anti-eu mentality and run with it , a change of leadership , yes , but not the comedy of errors we 're seeing unfold currently . 
  said like a truly economically illiterate idiot . 
  this mentality that leaving the eu will only cost us a small percentage of our wealth is just ridiculous , if the economy shrinks just a few percent it has massive ramifications . 
  the global economic crisis only cost a `` a few percent '' of our wealth and ramifications were horrific , it might only be a few percent on the economic metrics but in real life it 's people living without work and low income families being unable to feed their kids properly . 
  this is what was perfectly evident to all the experts before the referendum : / all the politicians know this . 
  this is why everything is a complete shitshow . 
  we put focus on the economy because that 's what actually matters . 
  sovereignty is a non-issue . 
  the uk has always been and always will be sovereign .
