  the alien survivors of the crashes were rounded up through brute force and imprisoned in purpose build underground prisons . 
  communication with the aliens was almost impossible in regards to meaningful topics , their language using a mixture of high pitched squeals , clicks and pheromones to express themselves . 
  some basic communication did occur though , but nothing close to explaining their true origin and purpose other than they were fleeing something and came from a far corner of the galaxy . 
  some of the aliens took their own lives once it became apparent to them that their was no escape , others were killed when the governments came to fear a rescue mission might come after them . 
  they were then promptly dissected and vaporised to leave no trace of their being here . 
  attention was turned to the vessels and reverse engineering technology . 
  the largest and more intact vessel was the nuremberg one , putting the post ww1 germany government at a large advantage . 
  needless to say that this information fell into the hands of the rising fascist party and the rest they say is history . 
  hitler 's policy of german expansion was actually partially in response to the paranoid fear that russia , britain and america would gang up to take their alien tech by force . 
  britain being the more eager to declare war since they lacked any alien tech and knew america would be reluctant to share . 
  the whole of ww2 was spurred on by the existence of this technology . 
  the holocaust was response to hitler 's fears that news of the contact had spread to the jewish community by way of the scientific community and that information was being leaked to hostile nations this way , the jews were also putting together clues from ancient semetic and assyrian texts to figure out what might 've happened . 
  the holocaust , originally a plan to merely contain the jews much like the internment of the japanese , later descended into genocide . 
  throughout the war various technological breakthroughs were made in rocket science ( reverse engineered from a back up system the vessels used for atmospheric travel ) , computing ( reverse engineered from things as simple as door controls ) and an understanding of the potential of nuclear energy ( once it was understood that the power cells in the craft ran on nuclear energy ) . 
  afterwards at yalta the german vessel was divided up , russia taking a large share whilst the british and americans agreed to share materials . 
  the cold war was of course the race to reverse engineer alien technology , and led to the massive leaps forward in technology we 've seen in the last 70 years . 
  there are still many things we 've yet to fathom about the alien crafts , but of course much of the progress that 's been made has been kept under lock and key being considered too dangerous for public consumption . 
  a process of slowly releasing the technology has been developed with the help of both the academic community and entertainment industry . 
  firstly ideas will be introduced into hollywood , funding will be given to the right kind of stories and it will be ensured that certain types of technologies are present in the plot , of course they wo n't be true to life , that would be too obvious , but they 'll be resemblant of the technologies that will be made public 20 years later . 
  to do this they find academics making progress in the right fields and leak them documents under the provision they are given a sub-dermal implant that will poison them if they ever try and expose the conspiracy . 
  this is why we see alien technology resembling that in fiction , and why such fiction often makes eerily accurate predictions about technologies that will be commonplace in 30 years time . 
  it 's a beautifully crafted system since it ensures that if someone claims they 've seen a ufo that they must have read a few too many science fiction novels , and ufos like this can be transported in public and people will assume its a film prop or the like . 
  ultimately we can see that the alien contact flipped life upside down , so i 'd like to take a minute just sit right there and tell you how i became the prince of a town called bel-air . 
  45 cent for 500ml . 
  ca n't argue . 
  what 's worse is that there 's carling for the uk , which only be a 20p cheaper at most and tastes like actual piss . 
  yeah it 's ridiculous . 
  one or two solid possible cases of child abusers in the establishment and suddenly the whole government fucks kids . 
  just look into it , this has come up hundreds of times on reddit it 's virtually a clich\u00e9 . 
  the whole myth of american english 's similarity to early modern english is built on one facet of general american which is rhoticity , a laughable analysis . 
  moreover the link you 've posted and what you 've said is that some american dialects retain older features . 
  well virtually every accent retains some older features , so you 're correct that it is in some ways closer but so is aave , irish and the queen 's english , each retain features that the others have lost . 
  you 're certainly wrong to think such a thing makes the previous poster 's joke `` amusing , and ironic '' though . 
  i 'm not ranting . 
  there are n't many sources saying which dialect is more like old english , there are few stupid trash articles trying to claim american english to be more authentic but they 're junk that 's laughed at by linguists . 
  look in / r/badlinguistics if you do n't believe me . 
  both modern american and british are a long way from those old dialects . 
  if you want to hear what early modern english sounded like check out shakespeare 's original pronunciation or some dying british rural accent or the accent spoken on tangier island in the us . 
  not true entirely true , the chronic abuse of laxatives disagrees the uptake of nutrients in the colon and can lead to weight lose . 
  you 're right to think the immediate weight lost is only water , but chronic abuse can lead to anorexia . 
  you should probably see someone about that . 
  seems like it could affect your life . 
  i 've always wondered this too . 
  mexican food does n't normally affect me particularly , even if i load it with peppers . 
  it 's just meat , cheese , maize flour , salad and spices . 
  i 'm pretty much eating those everyday except with a bit less spice . 
  now a giantic bowl of spicy curry , with numerous pints of beer on top , that 'll do the job . 
  canada you are becoming a bad son !, 
  i ca n't help but read this as king 's egg . 
  itt : oh my gahd , why caannt they speak ing-lish . 
  i caann only speak murrrrricaann . 
  peeple who speak diffurrrrent cahnfuse me . 
  good jahb !, 
  this was super accurate i actually started to feel his imaginary pain . 
  for those who do n't get it , if you do typical uppers ( coke , speed , mdma ) it feels like the parties never going to end because of all the dopamine flooding your system , however eventually the drugs run out and it can leave you in a shitty state . 
  coke is fucking moreish as fuck and you can easily blow through whatever you planned to do and suddenly convince yourself you want to buy more at 4am because of the strong urge to redose . 
  also the stimulant effect lasts longer than the actual buzz , so you can find yourself wide awake , desperately wishing for another line , but unable to do anything but think about coke , your brain can also go a bit ocd . 
  speed is similar but not as bad i 've found because the effect is n't so instant or short lived ( that 's regular speed not meth ) , unless of course you stay awake for days then it 's pretty fucking awful . 
  one can kinda like speed for this reason but i do n't think its massively fun to do by itself . 
  mdma comedown is very different . 
  urge to redose is n't as strong since the effects tend to last a few hours . 
  but it can put you in a weird headspace where it 's hard to accept you 're going back to ordinary . 
  the headfuck is different from coke because it 's more of trip and it 's hard to even comprehend the rollercoaster ending . 
  i actually think the worst part of an mdma comedown is two days later when it 's out your system but your body is still readjusting it 's stores of serotonin . 
  that just leaves you feeling shitty , impatient and anti-social . 
  the thing that really strikes me though is that the worst thing is when the last person goes to sleep if you 're still awake . 
  it 's when that tide of realisation that it 's all over hits and if you were n't on a comedown already then you know one is starting . 
  whilst you were ok being in denial regarding the fact the fun 's over when you 've still got a mate to chat shit to , when that 's over suddenly you realise you 've spent loads of money and there 's nothing left . 
  it 's an intense time of loneliness and negative thought patterns . 
  you 're going to have to pay for the hedonism . 
  i 'm jealous of those people who are the first to call it a night in this type of situation and can happily just throw in the towel and go to sleep . 
  i know what it 's like to be the last one awake sitting alone in the morning half light chaining cigarettes and necking a beer i do n't even want hoping it 'll take the edge off and i 'll crash soon too . 
  dear person from hr reading this thread . 
  you are fucking pond scum . 
  honestly everything i hear about disney 's employment practices is disturbing as fuck . 
  even the small children get treated with more dignity and trust . 
  it 's the weirdest fucked up culture work culture going . 
  why you spread such hateful lies !, 
  damn it 's like everyday this myth gets propagated around . 
  seems americans are super defensive of the way they speak . 
  scotland is in the eu ... 
  you are actually better off having a fried egg , a couple of rashers of bacon and a couple sausages for breakfast than this shit . 
  breakfast almost seems like a conspiracy to fatten people up . 
  parents giving their kids 150g of sugary cereal and pint of sweetened fruit juice for their breakfast and think they 're doing the right thing . 
  imo a breakfast rich in protein and just a touch of carbohydrate will work much better than sugar loading . 
  so it 's not the whole eu, 
  he 's saying it right : /, 
  voice acting feels a little off . 
  neutral british accents like the first one do n't really fit , they need to be high rp or regional , and also american ? 
  i mean they bitch so much about europeans calling it handegg in the american football threads , but i 've never seen a highly upvoted post saying `` omg i do n't understand this '' in an nfl thread . 
  this explains why murica can not into glorious european culture . 
  like you could tell the fucking difference if it was n't for all the flegs ... 
  this should only confuse you further . 
  the whole thread is dumb because bbc owns the rights to top gear and hammond and may still have contract . 
  for top gear to move is possible . 
  it would have to be called something else with a sufficiently different structure . 
  i 'm sorry but if you eat a healthy diet you ca n't be that fat , and therefore losing the weight wo n't affect your skin at all . 
  you 're either making excuses for being mildly overweight on false grounds , or you 're really fat and have deluded yourself that it 's `` healthy '' . 
  you are retarded . 
  you 're calling him fattie yet you 're calling a guy who managed to stop being fat disgusting .
