  the layers of dream mechanic ? 
  just a load of cods wallop they thought would make a good plot device . 
  the whole thing felt so laboured and predictable , characters one-dimensional and unbelievable . 
  it stank of a film trying to make action movie fans think they were seeing something `` deep '' . 
  this film is to really good thought provoking cinema , what some the `` deep '' stoned rambling of `` that stoner guy '' is to jean-paul satre . 
  all the modern batman films bore the socks off me . 
  i watched this for the first time last night and i found it pretty average , certainly not what i call a good film , not the worst either though . 
  must see this . 
  i 've tried to watch this twice and get bored in the first 30 minutes and turn it off ;(, 
  i swear nobody i know ever thought this was good . 
  i 'm not having that , peter sellers is a freaking genius . 
  come on the first one was original and interesting for its time . 
  the others obviously should n't exist . 
  fair enough if that 's your opinion , but i really enjoyed all the dialogue from start to finish . 
  the tasty burger scene ? 
  the travolta and uma therman affair climaxing in the od and the stoner guy ? 
  i just loved the whole damn thing , not at all boring for me and i think many people agree . 
  so that 's what they were doing in perks of being a wallflower , seems stupid to me , never heard of anyone doing this is europe . 
  go see the legit musical ? 
  i find it a decent film by itself personally . 
  the last time i got high a few months ago i thought it would be a good idea to watch this ... nope . 
  get out !, 
  a large percentage your posts are complaining about a continent you do n't live in , i think it 's obvious who 's the insecure one . 
  semi-serious , not a good film imo :p, 
  it 's the practice of making the language sound more beautiful and a good way to create shibboleths to keep foreign spies out of our ranks . 
  then again americans keep trying to put letters back into the language like saying temp-or-ary instead of temp-uh-ree , and other such madness , pronounce new like nu ? 
  where 's your hidden - y 's ? 
  and who the hell thought of pronouncing dew with a - d ? 
  absolute madness . 
  this man is a le reddit hero . 
  whilst all the `` normals '' were getting rewarded for their good spelling and grammar , and learning le pointless facts about people and life , he was secretly able to do calculus at an eighth grade level . 
  the `` normals '' were too stupid to understand this miraculous power and taught him that le math is a waste of time , when really it was because they were made of inferior brain stuff that does not understand how the only useful skills in life are le math and le physics , since all the rest is made up to give teachers and college professeurs le jobs . 
  now he is a nucular physicist making over $ 100 per hour , just like his hero le albert einstein . 
  behold , he is a son afucking thor :o, 
  well do n't tell me that :p i 'm not going to telford, 
  no , fratboy implies you are a spoiled rich kid who can afford to go to university . 
  a chav is a poor working class youth , typically but not necessarily white , who thinks he 's a gangsta ( although his real crimes are mostly likely selling weed to school kids and nicking stuff from high street jobs ) , does n't have a job or education and wants to settle all this problems with aggression and fighting . 
  usually seen on the street corners of the uk with a can of cheap extra strength larger or cider and a spliff of low quality weed that 's probably been cut with sand . 
  a spanking with the american flag and having a cage of wild bald eagles let lose upon you i imagine . 
  other countries do a better job of spreading out business and finance . 
  london has become all about the brand . 
  birmingham is like the ugly sister nobody likes to acknowledge about and manchester is too far from london . 
  in germany you can have your company hq in berlin , frankfurt or munich and each carry the same respect . 
  i 'll have you know it 's pronounced nuk-u-lar, 
  yeah , those medieval hunters with swords and bows were so dumb when they killed all the animals that might eat their children , why were n't they thinking of the environment ? 
  how selfish !, 
  laid down to rest in a bed covered in dorito crumbs , indeed . 
  i do n't understand this sentiment , fine city so long as you do n't wander into the ghettos that surround it . 
  watched this , was not disappointed . 
  who 's the nanny state now ?? 
  ( sorry decent americans i just say this for the benefit of the hardcore right wing cunts who whinge about us despite not living in , and probably never visiting , europe ), 
  the name of the film has been chosen deliberately because there is no true translation of `` weekend '' in french , asides the rather clunky `` le fin de la semaine '' , so le week-end is something that has entered the french vocabulary as an `` anglicism '' , something to which the french generally are adverse . 
  this being the case it 's a title that captures the identity of the film , a romantic comedy about a british couple in paris , not really a neckbeard thing if you ask me . 
  this is hardly a neckbeard thing , so what if a guy wants to make a pc cabinet with chair , it 's not like he 's wearing a fedora with neckbeard and expecting girls he 's comforted to sleep with him , seriously fuck you . 
  considering the guy above us has 21 up and 4 down i would imagine the actual pointless score would be 17 . 
  seriously read the fucking rules before you post arsehole . 
  well that 's backwards logic . 
  germany is certainly competing with the uk , and is equally relevant on a global scale . 
  the only sense german cities are n't competing with new york etc. 
  is in their size , so german 's sum competition is spread out over a multiplicity of cities rather than having all their eggs in one basket , which is exactly what we are discussing ? 
  most of those things are in your imagination , that 's the most contrived narrative you 've assumed to try and make this a neckbeard thing going . 
  stains could easily have been caused by damp or anything really . 
  i did n't realise mousepad fashion was such a big deal ? 
  this is a forum for neckbeard things , not a make fun of remotely nerdy shit forum . 
  you might read the rules but you obviously do n't understand them , arsehole . 
  i think it 's got a lot to do with perception and how it can become a self-fulfilling prophecy , obviously the size of the country factors in too but really in only really in how the people relate to the cities in their areas . 
  the problem we have in england is that cities other than london are considered `` provincial '' which has become synonymous with inferior . 
  provincialism is only acceptable if you 're leaving london for the countryside proper , nobody wants to be in a provincial city . 
  london is where `` things happen '' , anyone who 's anyone has already left their hometown , cast off their provincial roots and moved to london because that 's where the money is . 
  thus london just reinforces its cultural capital by sucking in talent and money . 
  manchester gets a somewhat easier ride because it attempts the same within `` northern '' culture , but birmingham , leeds and liverpool are just left with an increasingly reinforced culturally impoverished vibe despite whatever is done locally to try and combat this . 
  it 's actually worse now than it was in the past in my opinion since people relate less to locality and wish more to be seen as top of the food chain . 
  like you mentioned in your post , other countries have a better system , a sort of division of cultural labour that spread things more evenly for example, 
  political - washington dc , berlin, 
  financial - new york , frankfurt, 
  artistic - los angeles , munich, 
  whilst in the uk the answer to where to find everything is london . 
  people then say , well london contributes the most so it deserves the most investment , which just fuels the cycle , of course london contributes the most because everything is there . 
  provincial cities have really been in the crapper since the collapse of industry in the uk and it 's a shame because historically so much of our culture was generated outside of the capital . 
  it 's really become absurd , the commuter belt to london now stretches to about 10 miles short of birmingham . 
  i do n't see where the need for this is at all ? 
  the medical community acknowledges that fad dieting and binge/starvation cycles are unhealthy practices . 
  the way to attaining a healthy weight and size is healthy consumption of your rda and exercise , not starving yourself or following fad diets . 
  if you are overweight then you should be restricting your diet to the recommended range of consumption and upping your daily energy expenditure . 
  if you acknowledge that being overweight is unhealthy , and it is n't just a conspiracy to discriminate against people who carry more fat on their bodies , then why do you need to belong to haes rather than any other conventional health organisation ? 
  health is obviously not simply limited to weight and size ; drinking , smoking , other narcotics , nutrition , hygiene , and daily activity are all factors and the medical community is well aware of this , they also do a lot to raise public awareness . 
  nobody is under the illusion that health is limited to size and weight , or at least they should n't be in a developed country with decent medical awareness . 
  sure overweight people will benefit from other healthy practices , but i do n't think this was ever contested ? 
  you can always be healthier and still overweight through other activities , but optimally you should be engaging in all these activities as well as losing weight . 
  the way you pitch this makes it seem like you are simply in accordance with everything that is already reasonably well known in the public domain , which makes me think there is no need for haes ? 
  it would make more sense just to have a movement for `` better health awareness '' , for everyone . 
  more worryingly though , the fact that haes does exist makes me suspect that this is n't the case , the very name `` health at * every * size '' seems misleading insofar as it suggests that people who are overweight need n't worry about their weight provided they engage in other healthy activities , which is frankly false , optimally they should do all these things and try to attain a medically recommended healthy weight . 
  normalising being overweight or trying to move focus away from attaining a healthy weight is medically unsound and actually harmful to people . 
  the question of whether overweight people are victims of discrimination seems like a totally separate issue . 
  obviously nobody should be the victim of discrimination . 
  but if your concept of discrimination extends to being told by professionals that they would be better off within a recommended weight range then i think the vast majority of people will disagree . 
  it seems that haes is either a somewhat misleadingly named group that merely wants to reinforce what the medical community has been saying for quite a long time now and bring sound health practices to perhaps misguided people , or it 's encouraging a dangerous complacency in the overweight about the dangers of being so . 
  in short ( s ) , do n't skip leg day . 
   if you are fat already , sustainable weight loss is something that most people are unable to achieve . 
  healthy behaviors , however , are something that anyone can work toward .
