  `` cos '' `` cus '' `` cuz '' etc. 
  are all text speech and you wo n't find them anything that is trying to be official or proper . 
  of course , i have seen them used , but never in any official capacity and they 're certainly not considered valid alternative spellings . 
  devalued currency = mass rush to invest in bargain basement uk services all of which have a limited exposure to brexit . 
  meanwhile , our currency value is down , of which the principle benefit should be increased export , and our exports are down as well . 
  the government have given up on targets to reduce borrowing to stop the deficit from growing any larger as a percentage of gdp and our central bank has slashed interest rates to an all time historical low . 
  it hardly looks good on the economic forecast does it , if this were a boat , the uk would be riding the increased winds straight into a big patch of ominous looking grey clouds . 
  who on earth buys a new outfit every time they go out ( rich people and they do n't need care about what they spend ) , and who on earth feels bad for 2 days straight after a session ? 
  get some stamina son !, 
  sounds rough , have an upvote . 
  we britons laugh at germany 's attempts at queuing and you may we well be romlanders in our eyes . 
  prussia is forever a british satellite , in return you may send us your mercenaries , all hail house hanover !, 
  i always get a burst of energy around midnight . 
  honestly i really struggle getting to sleep before 2 even on an ordinary work schedule . 
  i 've just learned to live with 5-5 1/2 hours sleep on a regular basis . 
  2.30 - 7.30 is really doable , humans do n't actually need 8 hours . 
  welcome ( back ) to the british empire . 
  we 'll be bringing back some very old school policies like caning in schools . 
  nah , it 's the uk , we can handle being flipped off by our weathermen , he should just count himself lucky that it 's not christian middle america . 
  are you pissed off because it 's true ? 
  literally the only place in the english speaking world that they 'd give enough to a fuck to fire someone over an accidental obscenity is middle america . 
  the ears of the american christian community are the most precious of any people i 'm aware of . 
  actually the british are known for being pretty self deprecating , unlike so many clearly thin skinned americans who take any negative commentary as a personal insult . 
  just a few points on your translation . 
   i 've learnt that from my mother and during school . 
  should read : `` i 'd learnt that from my mother and during school '' . 
  it does n't matter if he still knows those languages at the time of writing ; it still needs to agree with the past tense narrative not the present time . 
  otherwise it 's like he 's jumping out of the narrative and suddenly talking about what is true in the present moment . 
  what is relevant here is that `` i 've learnt these languages from my mother and at school '' is something was true at the time of the narrative ( it 's a statement he could have made honestly at the time ) , and as a consequence this becomes pluperfect when you describe that period of time as a narrative at a later date . 
  we want to know about his language ability at the narrative time period and not now at the time of writing it . 
   but better be the guy working the oven , then be the one burning . 
  should have `` than '' for comparative rather than `` then '' . 
  than is like `` als '' , then is like `` denn '' and `` dann '' . 
  also the comma is unnecessary ; subordinate clauses rarely need commas in english . 
  they often signify a 2nd independent clause when a combined with a coordinating conjunction , and more importantly signify when a subordinate clause precedes the independent clause it depends on . 
   if there 'd be a god , maybe he could explain how this all came to be . '', 
  should read `` if there were a god '' . 
  no would in the if clause in english unless it 's a request disguising itself as a conditional . 
  confusingly `` w\u00fcrde sein '' often translates into `` were '' in english ( in conditionals ) , and `` w\u00e4re '' often translated into `` would be '' in english , as in `` das w\u00e4re toll '' . 
   hardly looking like humans , were laying on straw bags, 
  should read : `` were lying on straw bags '' . 
  `` laying '' ( lay , laid , laid ) , is the same as `` legen '' . 
  `` lying '' ( lie , laid , lain ) is the english equivalent of `` liegen '' . 
  in some dialects `` lay '' has started to replace `` lie '' ( not the dishonest version obviously ) , but it 's dialectical . 
  same applies to the 2nd instance of `` laying '' . 
   i saw how filled her bag was, 
  i think `` full '' is probably more likely here . 
  `` filled '' is only used when you 're trying to retain a sense of the verb and the action it represents e.g freshly filled ice cream cones . 
   until evening , many reporters had arrived, 
  this should read : `` by the evening '' . 
  by/until are both used translated with the german `` bis '' , but they have distinct meanings in english . 
  `` until '' is used when something continues to happen up to a certain point and then finishes `` he runs until 9pm '' . 
  `` by '' is used when something is true or must be true at a certain point ( often with the sense of at the latest ) . 
  e.g `` you must do this by tomorrow '' or `` by 8pm everyone had arrived '' . 
   those were immediatly, 
  should read `` they were immediately '' . 
  `` those '' is n't normally used for human subject unless you 're defining a specific set e.g `` we need men . 
  those who enlist will be given a schilling a day '' . 
  as you 've already established who the remaining men are , there 's no need to use it . 
   we had to leave , since we are a combat unit assigned to the front . 
  should read : `` since we were a '' , again tense agreement . 
  english does n't care whether you still are a combat unit when you write this , or whether you 'd ceased to be one , the tenses must agree ( also we 'd used pluperfect if it happened to be that something had stopped being the case unlike you lazy germans : e.g he said he had been doctor = er sagte , dass er fr\u00fcher einen arzt war ) . 
  not angry at all . 
  however , if you think pointing out incontrovertible facts is `` taking a shot '' then you need to sort yourself out . 
  i think you 're projecting your insecurities mate . 
  you might be afraid everyone vehemently hates you all day long , and become infuriated when you hear anything that remotely puts the us into a negative light , but that does n't make it so . 
  honestly , compared to germany i think the uk is pretty good . 
  . gov.uk might be a highly problematic constantly out of date hunk of crap but you can get a surprising amount done online without having to go to three offices and getting the proper stamp , or having to print it out and post it in because nothing but a real signature with a real life pen will do . 
  i hear zoree almost more often than entschuldigung these days . 
  as a language , french is generally more similar to portuguese though . 
  how the language works more is typical of a romantic languages . 
  french does n't really have that many hidden vowels but it has many silent vowels . 
  sounds tend to go missing rather than appear out of nowhere . 
  you are used the way romantic languages forms tenses , use the subjunctive , etc. 
   i mean everysingle germanic language is straightfoward if you ignore some examples like dutch , danish and icelandic, 
  this a really stupid thing to say , first off about no living language is `` straight forward '' , each one involves complex nuance . 
  even people who 've learnt english , which many consider the easiest europe language , for decades tend to fuck up when pushed out of their comfort zone . 
  secondly , because germanic language is a large but finite category . 
  the official germanic languages in europe are : english , german , dutch , danish , norwegian , swedish , icelandic ( and various versions thereof ) . 
  you 've just labelled 3 of them as hard . 
  if you think danish is hard then you 'll think swedish and norwegian hard as well because they 're similar . 
  if you think dutch is hard then you 'll be in for a shock with german , as it 's generally considered tougher than dutch due to the case system and genders , and in other regards the languages are very similar . 
  so the only germanic language with a `` straightforward '' reputation is english . 
  and even that is overestimated . 
  a lot of people seem to think that english is `` so easy '' compared to their native but somehow seem incapable of speaking english correctly when they have to talk for any extended period of time , although it does have some nice features that ease non-native communication such as the absence of both case and gender . 
  ironically the general consensus is that germanic languages are harder than romance languages on the whole ( excluding english ) , however , it 's important to note that this depends entire on which languages you speak already . 
  for english speakers , the government , with decades of research and experience training civil servants in foreign languages , found that most romance got a rating of 5 , meaning they were in the easiest category when it came to teaching english speakers how to speak them , whereas german got a rating of 4 , meaning that considerably more hours were required to achieve fluency than the level 5 languages ( obviously the higher levels were taken up mostly by non-european languages , cantonese was level 1 i believe ) . 
  i believe that technically the requirement is that you have a foreign language up to 18 . 
  speak english at the required level , and speak german at the required level . 
  that means that if you are british for example , you can go if you achieve dhs at the level they required , study a modern language at a-level , and that 's it . 
  basically , it 's not that you must have 3 languages , it 's merely that you must have a language that is n't you native , and have the required english and german standards . 
  when you study english at school you are n't doing it for the grammar , your doing it to ultimately improve less obvious skills like rhetorical ability , critical thinking , understanding of history , and your ability to write your native language . 
  these skills do n't require an understanding of grammar particularly . 
  the way one comes to understand one 's language through studying a foreign language is structurally , but natives do this automatically without a concrete awareness of how and why . 
  being able to write a decent essay or convincing business report by the age you leave for university or the workplace is far more important for the majority of students than being able to explain why you 've invoked the passive voice in that sentence or the pluperfect in another , given that you are functionally capable using those language features instinctively . 
  the education system aims to turn out functional useful human beings and not human beings that are capable of dazzling the board room with their useless knowledge of the rules of the language 's construction . 
  studying english literature does ultimate improve your capacity to express yourself , which is what it 's for , not to turn you into an amateur linguist . 
   learning french or german ( you know the two languages that english derived from ), 
  no , english is not derived from modern french and german any more than french is derived from spanish and italian . 
  that 's a vastly simplified and widely misunderstood idea .
