  can you though ? 
  i do n't know how it works in the us but i 'm pretty sure you 'd have to prove he knew minors were there or had invited them directly in the knowledge they were underage . 
  if you throw a party it 's perfectly reasonable to assume that the host wo n't know all the people there personally since friends will bring friends along . 
  you generally ca n't hold people accountable for what other people do on their property . 
   have you not ever heard of parents being charged when their kids throw a party at their house and drinking goes on ? 
  in my country , no , i 've never heard of anything of the sort . 
  generally , even when someone od 's on heroin in the full knowledge of the host that person does n't face charges in my experience . 
  parents are different because they are legally responsible for their children . 
  if their child throws a party then it 's a different matter . 
  afaik these were n't his children , but underage teenagers who unknowingly came onto his property . 
  if you own a property and some kids unknowingly come onto the property and od on drugs , it would be hard claim to make in court that you had a responsibility to stop them . 
   they seem to do what they want . 
  that 's kinda terrifying when you think about it . 
  small towns are notoriously shit places to get in trouble with the law though , you 're way better going through a busy legal system that sees 10 cases like this a month than a small town where moral panic prevails at the slightest thing . 
  respects paid o7, 
  mainly because it misspelt `` whoosh '', 
  well , it would be much easier to visit ireland from the uk than from the us . 
  what 's more sas imo is the way so many americans on / r/iwantout seem to assume that americans are welcome just to hop on a plane to europe to live and work . 
  as if europe were some third world country that is just dying to hand out visas to americans who 'll spend their fancy us dollars here . 
  it 's in solihull but it 's still a fucking awful place . 
  also what 's funny is that margaret thatcher was n't remotely upper class , she was from a lower middle background that had done well and moved up to upper middle status quite recently . 
  even the way she spoke was way more deliah smith and less david cameron ( and yes i know some people would n't call cameron upper class either , given that he 's not technically an aristocrat , but when you ca n't call someone whose family 's had money since the 19th century , whose wife has a baronet for a mother , who attended eton , and who was a member of the bullingdon club upper class then the term has lost all meaning ) . 
  also i love how they call thatcher `` irish-america 's most hated woman '' , as if it were that that mattered , rather than `` ireland 's most hated woman '', 
  except chelsea is nice : /, 
  i guess this is the country where you can get sued for pretty much anything . 
  fun fact , in the uk the generic term for slushie is `` slush puppy '' , that 's when you know your marketing team did a good job . 
  that 's the difference between `` math '' and maths . 
  the british swapped to using the illogical american system years ago because it was like fighting an impossible tide of stupidity given that most people do n't use numbers like that very often but do like to talk about `` billionaires '' which sounds better than `` milliardaire '' . 
  in most sane countries billion = 10 ^ 12, 
  when did the beastie boys say `` unfortunately , this video is not available in your country because it could contain music , for which we could not agree on conditions of use with gema , '' ? 
  where did i say competition is impossible , moron ? 
  i merely said the free market was an illusion . 
  companies do n't succeed because the market is free , they succeed despite the market being anything but free . 
  google is the exception not the rule . 
  if you 're a medium sized business producing a better and cheaper product than i am , and i 'm a billion dollar multinational , i can approach your material suppliers and offer money for exclusivity deals , i can pay the press to make up rumours about you and slur your products within the boundaries of what 's legal , i can influence retailers not to deal with you and again write exclusivity clauses , i can poach your talent by offering them absurd sums of money to work for me , i can even borrow money to operate at a loss temporarily to undercut you , i can spend absurd sums on marketing to make my brand seem superior , i can barrage you with patent trolls knowing full well they 'll fail just to incur legal costs for you , and failing all that i can simply buy you out . 
  none of this requires that the government regulate in my favour , merely that i 'm the big fish and you 're small fry . 
  ironically to get the kind of competition that people ascribe to the free market we have to have regulators constantly working to prevent monopolies . 
  this idea that the better product wins out in a `` free market '' is a laughable myth that just wo n't die . 
  mainly because it suits the owners of big business to have shit eaters believe that stuff so nothing will threaten their grasp on the market . 
  the natural state of the free market is monopoly . 
  all the beliefs to the contrary were established back when adam smith was still alive and the most complicated capitalism they had to deal with was grain markets . 
  even going back to the search engine topic bing is now a far better product that google , it 's searches are better optimised and more likely to give you a fair representation of what 's out there . 
  yet nobody is using bing because google has an incredible strangle hold on the market , to the point that `` to google '' is now a verb that 's synonymous `` to search '' on the internet . 
  if something does one day replace google , it will because they made utterly exceptional decisions while google dropped the ball completely , not because they merely brought a better product to market . 
  well when i was a kid , calling a slushie would 've been like asking for a can of `` soda '' and would 've been met with mockery and disdain . 
  maybe it 's changed since the 90s i do n't know , there probably are more brands about these days . 
  but `` slushie '' is still not a word i 've heard out of a british mouth . 
  i live in germany , along with a hundred thousand or so other britons , just the kind of place that xenophobic racist two world wars and one world cup types love to live and work in . 
  in fact , i moved out here to get away from the little englander , britain is still a mighty empire , polish people took our jobs , why would you learn another language when everyone speaks english , types . 
  please do n't tar us all with the same brush . 
  seriously what a fucking idiot . 
  where i live in apparently ground zero for all this trouble and walking through the city centre you wo n't think anything had happened . 
  yeah fuck you too buddy . 
  you ca n't be bothered to reply because you ca n't . 
  that seems utterly absurd to me . 
  why am i responsible for other people ? 
  furthermore , if i 'm having a party , how can i be expected to regulate how people get home . 
  i 've had parties where people have come and gone without me even realising they were there , does the canadian government expect people to stand at the threshold of their property and carefully regulate what acquaintances are doing . 
  does n't even sound like a law that could be enforced . 
  music is the nutcracker suite if anyone is curious . 
  i sometimes think litigators live in a strange parallel universe where everyone is an anally retentive rule obsessed weirdo and expects everyone else to me too . 
  i mean seriously , i can see why if someone knowingly lets underage kids drink on their property they 'd be liable for the fallout , but i do n't see how it 's reasonable to expect everyone to monitor their adult friends driving habits . 
  ironically , the generation that most judges belong to is one of the worst going when it comes to drink driving . 
  turn my swagger on , gettin money i 'm rich nigga . 
  omfg i almost died . 
  funniest shit i 've seen in a while . 
  edit : translation if it was n't self-explanatory - nick nack paddy wack , i am now so dope , so go away , stupid shit , now give me the coke . 
  baby i 'm there , chill at the bmw handler , you drive volkswagen , i buy myself the bmw penner . 
  yes i am the shit , bitches . 
  turn my swagger on , gettin money i 'm rich nigga . 
  yeah but that 's not really reality . 
  i do n't formally invite people to my flat the majority of the time . 
  perhaps a few of us go from a bar back to mine for a couple of drinks before going somewhere else . 
  or maybe at the end of the night we chill here for an hour and drink a few beers . 
  i did n't formally invite them , i might not even know all of them because of friends of friends and such . 
  i do n't really see why i should have to offer them somewhere to sleep , there really is n't much space anyway . 
  i might offer my friend the sofa if they really ca n't get home but why should i let someone i 'm only acquainted with stay , they could murder everyone in their sleep for all i know , am i also liable for what nutters do inside my house ? 
  if someone bails while i 'm in a different room i ca n't go chasing them down the street to make sure they are n't going to try to drive , i do n't even know if they have a car . 
  hell , if they want to leave , i ca n't physically prevent them without assaulting them . 
  why am i responsible for anyone just because they 're on my property ? 
  i can understand how if i put deadly spikes all over my flat and someone got impaled i 'd be at fault , but if someone locks themselves in my bathroom without any indication something is up and then injects themselves with a deadly cocktail of drugs it 's totally unreasonable to expect me to know that . 
  just as it 's entirely unreasonable for me to know what people are going to do after they 've left my flat . 
  i thought canada had a better legal system than the us , more grounded in common sense like most european systems , but apparently not : /, 
  i imagine that ukip would see a surge in support if those lot came back , the irony tragically being entirely lost on them . 
  i have met the british communities in spain and on the whole the tend to be a bunch of cunts ( although we should n't generalise ) . 
  it 's important to remember though that there are plenty of uk nationals taking advantage of the eu who are n't `` the countries gone to the dogs '' types seeking low costs of living and cheap booze ( although the cheap booze in germany is a bonus ) . 
  many are perfectly good people seeking job opportunities , an alternative to the british lifestyle , who integrate with and contribute to the cultures they live in . 
  one of the main reasons i left was simply because i did n't want to move to london for work , as virtually everyone of my peers from school and university seem to have done . 
  soda is american , not english . 
  it would be like an american asking where the loo is . 
   you should never have invited them over if you can not provide someone a safe place to sleep if they are too messed up to get themselves home . 
  seriously , why not ? 
  why should i expect adults not be able to get themselves home if i invite them over ? 
  have the loonies taken over the asylum ? 
  if anything that 's an infringement of my right to actually have people congregate in my private property . 
  laughable . 
  i only have space for 1 or 2 people tops . 
  i should be able to have 3 people over without liability for them . 
  i 'll also add that i live in the middle of a big city with loads of public transport , although really that should n't matter since they should be expected to know where they are going to be and the ways of getting home before they arrive , however , if someone says `` i 'm taking the tram '' and they get run over by one on the way to the stop am i still responsible ? 
   if you are worried about someone murdering everyone in their sleep or otherwise why were they invited at all ?
