  many people are anti-eu on the basis that they think brussels is taking away their national sovereignty . 
  people who are anti-eu for these reasons are inclined to dislike eu immigration simply because it 's an effect of britain being part of the eu , not a reason that has anything to do with the eu migrants themselves whatsoever . 
  i remember telling my friend who lived in london that soon the tube would be like this a few years ago . 
  he did n't believe me ... 
  edit . 
  seriously , let 's do some simple maths . 
  64,000,000 people in the uk , 85,000 are in prison , that means 0.0013 % are in prison . 
  550,000 poles in the uk , 989 are in prison , that means 0.0017 % are in prison . 
  are you really claiming that that difference is so significant that it means poles are rampant criminals ? 
  if you account for the average economic situation of a polish immigrant , and only compared it to britons of a similar economic situation , you 'd probably find that the rate of criminality amongst polish immigrants is the same as british born people or perhaps even less . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's just one article of complete bullshit , i mean it 's from the daily mail so what do you expect . 
  it does not remotely attempt to account for the relative sizes of each foreign resident population but just tells you the raw data about foreigners in british prisons . 
  polish people , being one of the largest groups of foreign nationals living in the uk , are most represented in the prison population , big surprise . 
  also it only looks at actual foreign nationals , people without british passports , who are currently imprisoned in the uk . 
  it does not include people who were born outside the uk but have acquired citizenship after arriving . 
  surprising , the poles , given that they currently have an indefinite right to reside in the uk without acquiring citizenship , are far more likely to be categorised as foreign than immigrants from outside the eu , since non-eu immigrants are much more likely to become british citizens out of sheer necessity . 
  nobody i know associates poles with crime , if anything they 're associated with budget plumbing , agricultural labour and polski sheps . 
  the polish community in the uk is barely noticeable outside of a few cities like peterborough , even the worst poles are no worse than the british criminal classes . 
  seriously , the anti-eu lot are so fucking dumb you could tell them anything and they 'd believe it , their argument is entirely based on emotive rhetoric and nothing to do with the facts . 
  how are they any different from the regular glaswegian council estates apart from the fact they speak a different language ? 
  most council estates could also be described as ghettos . 
  it 's only completely different because you 're not one them . 
  if you were polish and living in a primarily white british council estate i bet you 'd feel just as intimidated and be equally shocked by what the people there do . 
  go the doctor , explain what is wrong and it 's free . 
  the only problem might be if the doctor does n't agree you have a problem . 
  i already addressed the crime rate point . 
  0.0017 poles are in prison compared to 0.0013 britons . 
  if you accounted for economic disparity it would be even more insignificant . 
  you have to understand that what you experienced is not representative of most eu migrants . 
  just because a few behave badly is it fair to blame eu migrants as a whole ? 
  ok fine , but i struggle to see their logic here . 
  within a capitalist society competition is a good thing . 
  unemployment is not but that 's a separate matter , something that corresponds with the state of the economy far more than it does with the presence of a few million extra people . 
  the presence of eu workers means businesses will get better skills at lower prices making things more competitive . 
  this will drive now the cost of goods and services for consumers . 
  this in turn could lead to job creation because it would boost the economy . 
  the opposite to this is protectionism . 
  do n't allow foreigners to come in and drive down the value of unskilled and moderately skilled labour . 
  reduce competition so businesses have no choice but to pay the wages that british born labour demands . 
  the only problem with this is that it hurts the competitiveness of uk on a global scale , but we could say forget about that , looking after our own is more important that having a higher gdp or more purchasing power . 
  what makes no sense though is that many of these british working class folk who feel like they are being undervalued and missing out of job opportunities then vote for ukip , a relatively right wing party . 
  the policies a right wing party like ukip would introduce would be anything but protectionist . 
  mostly likely they would scrap the minimum wage , cut benefits heavily , decimate the nhs . 
  if the british working classes are worried about their job opportunities and pay then they should be voting for a party that is left wing and protectionist , a party that will put national interests first but also support higher pay for the working classes . 
  although this is when things start to get dangerous ... a party that claims to be both `` nationalist '' and `` socialist '' , they do n't have a good reputation . 
  another thing i noticed is that you during how most british and canadians would say it , which is more like dyuring or juring , however your accent leans more towards american . 
  things like that will stick out to native speakers even though it 's a completely legitimate way to say the word ( in fact the original way of saying it ) . 
  if you mix and match different pronunciations from different regions it will stick out to native speakers like a sore thumb . 
  it 's quite hard to write how you actually say `` multiplayer '' there using english orthography . 
  you essentially use the schwa sound which does n't have a letter that corresponds with it . 
  it 's like like the - e from the word often , a reduced vowel . 
  your friend probably just did the best which what she had available , 
   poles still have a higher crime rate than most migrants regardless of whether they are european or not . 
  care to show a source for that ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that there are many nationalities that have higher imprisonment rate than 0.0017 % . 
  for example , somalis ( 468 / 103,000 ) have an imprisonment rate of 0.0041 , nigerians ( 468 / 180,000 ) 0.0026 ,, 
  what 's worse is that the daily mail article only cites the number of `` foreign people '' in british jails , while populations statistics i 'm going on are `` foreign born people '' , meaning some of those will have british nationality . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is a greater percentage of somalia born people who have acquired british nationality ( since they ca n't use the eu ) than there are poles with actual british nationality ( because they do n't need to become british to live here indefinitely ) . 
  thus skewing the figures even more against poles . 
  also , i want to add that i 'm not crying about british people not `` hating '' non-eu migrants enough . 
  i look at it solely from an economic / social perspective . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that much of anger felt towards non-eu migrants is being directed at eu migrants because they 're an easier target . 
  it 's a simple fact that eu migrants contribute more economically and integrate better than those from the third world . 
  i perfectly understand the struggle of builder john smith ( who is joe bloggs ? 
  he sounds like he orders his coffee `` to go '' and drives on the wrong side of the road ) . 
  what i do n't understand is the way people react . 
  if british working class people want better pay they should be insisting that the government does more for them . 
  provides them better educational opportunities ( so they do n't end up competing with unskilled polish labour ) . 
  they should be asking the government to invest more in the industries that keep them employed . 
  instead they 're voting for parties that wo n't actually help them at all . 
  even if ukip somehow got into power ( with no mps they might struggle ) , what would it fix ? 
  they 'd stop the immigration but they 'd hardly be able to deport all the existing eu immigrants . 
  they 'd have to give them all residency visas and conditions for continuing living here . 
  most of the unemployment has been everything to do with the global economic crisis and nothing to do with eu migration . 
  do you really think that if we stopped it all now it would actually fix anything . 
  if you ask me migration is just a scapegoat for the working classes to blame to stop them insisting on government policies that actually might improve their situation . 
  ivan along the ivanue ,, 
  ivan never thought ivan 'd meet a cyka like you ,, 
  meet a cyka like you ,, 
  with auburn hair and tawny eyes ;, 
  the kind of eyes that hypnotize me through ,, 
  hypnotize me through . 
  and ivan , ivan so far away ,, 
  i just van , ivan all night and day ,, 
  i could n't get away . 
  that 's some harry potter logic right there . 
  hey hedwig , can you send this letter to my godfather who 's hiding out in a foreign country ? 
  what 's that ? 
  of course i have no idea where he is !, 
  do people actually use lube to crack one out ? 
  that 's something i 've never really understood from films and tv . 
  surely it just makes it more difficult and feel like your hand is rubbing against your dick rather than actually pulling you off . 
  edit : controversial ? 
  people obviously feel strongly about this issue !, 
  [ k m8 ] ( https://i.warosu.org/data/fa/img/0061/57/1368633940185.jpg ), 
  i 'm incredibly annoyed by your comment , ruins the thread for me . 
  faked voices ? 
  that 's not what i said . 
  what it actually is that the anti-immigration lot do n't want to seem racist , and its easier to be against eu migration without seeming racist than against non-eu immigration . 
  not all anti-immigration people are racist , but all racists are anti-immigration , and being anti-eu immigration is an outlet for anti-immigrant sentiment that wo n't tar them with the same brush as the racists .
