  anyone who claims not to see why globalism is desired by someone probably does n't understand anything about economics , and a wider level , how the social system that provides for you food , shelter , technology , entertainment and so forth in exchange for your labour actually functions . 
  increased globalism makes the economy more efficient , if it were n't for globalism , if every country were a closed economic system , there is very little chance that something like an smart phone being sold for 500ish usd would even be possible . 
  the more people within a single closed economic system , the greater the diversification of labour , which in turn benefits individuals by making it more productive . 
  industries that were once niche employer need more and more people . 
  the us is a good example of how successful a large economy can be . 
  if you have an industry that requires 0.01 % of the population to serve the other 99.99 % , in a closed economy of 100 million you 'll have 10,000 people collectively working on serving that need , but in a closed economy of 10 million you 'll have just 1000 . 
  obviously more innovation and improvement is liable to come from 10,000 people working on something than from just a 1000 . 
  so one solution would be to breed more people , but this takes a while and has to occur at a rate that society can provide for . 
  a much quicker and easier way to do this is to merge with other economic systems , this is much easier than breeding more people , since all those new people in the new system are already provided for as they bring their economy with them . 
  of course there never has been such thing as a closed economic system . 
  nations have always traded , have always shared ideas and technology . 
  however , since most countries have to prioritise their own people barriers were put in place to stop the economies ever becoming too integrated . 
  to ensure that , say , canadians buy canadian potatoes , and canadian potato farmers do n't go bankrupt being unable to compete with cheap american potatoes . 
  the obvious barrier is economic , trade tariffs on imports that make it harder for them to compete with internal producers . 
  however , there 's less obvious barriers that are legislative and regulatory . 
  if canadian farmers are subject to stricter regulatory requirements than american farmers then this could raise their costs meaning that they are unable to compete with the american farmers . 
  canada is then in a position where they ca n't remove trade barriers on american potatoes unless they are willing to relax their own regulation , which they might not want to do . 
  this is how things like the eu came about . 
  the inevitable consequence of free trade between nations is that need for a centralised pooled authority whereby the people in charge of regulation in each country can pool their power and enter a decision making process that will apply universally across a free trade area . 
  it 's virtually impossible to have free trade without regulatory equivalency . 
  the simple truth is that if we want to optimise the world economy , which is really to say that if we want to the world to run as efficiently as it possibly can , then we need to remove barriers between economies the world over . 
  we can only do this is if equivalency between economic areas under different authorities is achieved , and equivalency can only be achieved if we pool authority and all play by the same rules . 
  it goes deeper though . 
  for example , tax havens around the world are a drain on economic efficiency , the economy functions best when money is kept moving in the system , profits go directly back into the system as investment so people can get credit and funding in order to innovate new ways to meet the needs of the economy . 
  globalisation makes it harder and less appealing for countries to become tax havens , selfishly benefiting at the expense of other more productive economies . 
  loopholes in the system that stop it from working properly can be removed . 
  it even goes a long way towards solving various social issues . 
  for example the environment . 
  countries are reluctant to submit to environmental regulation unless their economic competitors do so as well . 
  if everyone is subject to the same regulation then the playing field remains even . 
  even stuff like poverty and overpopulation in the third world become easier to address . 
  a big problem with africa for example is that corruption means lot of money does n't reach those who need , the corrupt governments are a law unto themselves and do not successfully ensure money is used correctly . 
  another problem is that when the west only slowly improves conditions in africa with aid , and this slow improvement is matched by population growth . 
  globalisation gives us more power to manage third world economies and lift them out of poverty , making them slowly more economically productive which in turn benefits us by giving us access to greater labour pools and growing our economy . 
  removing economic barriers is a far more effective way to improve conditions somewhere than with aid . 
  just look how asia has been transformed in the last 20 or so years to see how globalisation does succeed in improving material conditions . 
  ultimately , there are a lot of good reasons to be a globalist , and all the arguments against globalism are typically arguments against how globalism is being achieved , e.g unfairly , at the expense of others , than globalism itself . 
  globalism makes sense , pooling authority allows us to mutually benefit , to build an economic system that is many times more efficient than what we have currently , and hopefully move towards an end goal of a post-scarcity society where the needs of all individuals are met and population growth is under control . 
  the end goal of globalism is simply an efficient global economy which maximises the wealth of each and every person within it . 
  your comment belongs on / r/cringe, 
   cause he ai n't got nobody to talk to , so he goes on the net to argue . 
  is n't that exactly what you did with this comment ? 
   tbh i doubt the 2 comments above yours happened like they say it happened . 
  a guard jokingly mentioning about visiting big ben and they laughed ... ok , i can see that . 
  a guard yelling , and him laughing back in his face in defiance ... yeah , no . 
   a bunch ( gang ? ), 
  of 15 burqa wearing mothers and their collective broods . 
  nope . 
  a few , yeah , but 15 plus their offspring , nah . 
   the grillings i can believe, 
  i think you 're projecting hard . 
  creepy as fuck . 
  gets a bit boring in the middle but picks up again and gets to new heights of weird in the 2nd half . 
  by calling uk business fat and lazy he of course means functioning and profitable , which discourages them from wanting to jeopardise that by radically changing our geopolitical situations with no good reason to believe that it 'll be better afterwards . 
  yeah , i figured about as much , but ultimately it comes down to context , since many verbs can be intransitive but not meant in a passive voice , compare `` the man is building in the courtyard '' to `` the wicker man is building in the courtyard '' . 
  is the man building or being built ? 
  how do we introduce the actor to the passive `` the house is building by the men '' ? 
  i do n't know if english ever had a more germanic passive form . 
  along the lines of `` the house becomes built '' to differentiate it from the more stative `` the house is built '' . 
  haha yeah , i am in shock that i 've been assuming they 're doormice my whole life . 
  this song is akbar none !, 
  relevant username, 
  the romans were to the ancient britons as the british empire was to the populace of india during the peak of its own empire . 
  the romans had the technology ( weapons and armour ) and the rigorous discipline of professional soldiers , the ancient britons had the numbers but were a rag tag bunch of loosely affiliated tribes cobbled together from farmers , merchants , and craftsmen . 
  the world is currently in revolt against globalism simply because it 's afraid of change and most people do n't understand the modern world we live in . 
  brexit , trump , the rise of the alt-right , it 's all anti-globalism , not to mention the conspiracy fringe . 
   i deserve a great life, 
  sadly a delusion that is gripping the western world right now . 
  the media is convincing us that is `` all about me '' and that every deserves the best . 
  i 'm sorry but back in real world nobody * deserves * anything , and the only reason the western world got so far is because people were acutely aware of this . 
  alyson hannigan still pretty adorable after all these years . 
  i think it works differently on different people , seen people nail the same coke , one person thinks its the best feeling ever the other just sits anxiously fidgeting feeling like they 've overdone the coffee . 
  vast majority do n't get addicted . 
  even heroin use only has addiction rates of something like 19 % amongst users who 've used multiple times . 
  the rule is do n't buy in bulk from anyone you do n't trust . 
  not anyone who is black . 
  i agree with none of that , nothing i said here entails the simplistic logic you 've just espoused . 
  smoking , liberals arts degrees , those are n't the problem . 
  the problem is generally well off people who think they 're owed a living on account of their birthright . 
  for example , anti-globalist trump supporters who think they are entitled to the same prosperity their parents were simply because they were born in the united states . 
  smoking is stupid and will kill you , but in reality it 's only raising your chance of dying before old age by a few percent . 
  furthermore doing a liberal arts degree wo n't give you the same prospects as a stem graduate , but it 's still something and you 're still capable of doing a job . 
  the problem is with the people who really feel entitled to everything despite doing nothing . 
  yeah ... no . 
  the most entitled are the uneducated and middle class types . 
  this is n't about laying into people because they do less than ideal degrees employment wise . 
  someone has a degree is still going further than most . 
  that 's the irony here . 
  many anti-immigration types voted leave in order to express anger at immigration policies , but in reality it 's not eu immigration they upset about but rather that from mena countries . 
  mercia will rise again !, 
  i do n't really agree . 
  i think it 's a spectrum . 
  of course there is a cultural difference between north and south , but you 'll find that in absolutely every country you go to . 
  however in the uk it 's not like some places where you cross a line and suddenly the culture changes , whereas this does happen in other countries because they once were two kingdoms and were unified at some point in the last few centuries . 
  england has n't been separate kingdoms for a very long time . 
  as someone who grew up in the midlands , and i mean middle midlands too , not oxford or nottingham , places that have an obvious preference towards one side or the other , i think england still feels more like one country . 
  where i lived you could literally go 15 minutes south and it was all pahss and and grahss and chippies that were also poor quality chinese restaurants , whereas 15 minutes north it was all northern sounding accents and do you want gravy on that ? 
  ( or at least curry sauce ) . 
  the fact that i could be in either london or sheffield , and both would feel like my country but both feel slightly foreign , is evidence for me that the uk is one contiguous country and culture . 
  as other people have pointed out there 's a strong town / city divide , people who 've lived for long times in the cities having a very different attitude from those who 've lived mostly in villages or smaller towns .
