  free does not mean tipping required as you suggested . 
  you should be careful giving your cats tuna . 
  [ they can actually get addicted to it ] ( http://www.thevetpractice.com.au/is-your-cat-a-tuna-junkie/ ), 
  i 'm sorry but pearl harbour was a one off and it was not within the contiguous states , also one fire balloon is fucking nothing . 
  the rest of what you mentioned was internal terrorism which is entirely different matter , there 's no external foe to blame just a crazy person . 
  it 's not remotely comparable , the us was pre-9 / 11 used to being untouchable . 
  sure pearl harbour was horrific for the people who were there , i happen to know someone who was a radio controller in hawaii during the attack , but it does n't quite equate to being consistently attacked in your home cities . 
  to us it was really not a big change . 
  nobody knew how to react , most people continued on as if nothing had happened . 
  not remotely comparable . 
  not within the contiguous states , only happened one time and you dropped two nukes on them as compensation . 
  well in my school at the uk they were n't remotely bothered by our seeing it . 
  it was just whatever , you know . 
  lol you 're the one who needs a psych . 
  when you 're young you do n't have much of a understanding of the scale of events around or the political significance , nor was there any sense of a threat in the uk , this felt no different from the oklahoma bombing , life continued pretty much as normal that day so there was no signs making us feel afraid in our environment . 
  also when you 're a kid in the uk and you see stuff like bank robberies with shoot outs in the us you get the impression that life over there is much like a hollywood film , even if that 's not the reality , however only the craziest shit in the us makes our media , so that 's what you 're exposed to , another gunman or crazy person . 
  honestly , you sound like a fucking twat in your responses . 
  i 'm not counting internal terrorism since that ca n't provoke the same reaction in people , i was n't suggesting that the us had n't had domestic terrorism , merely that they were n't used to threats from oveseas affecting them at home , the only time in living memory pre 9/11 was pearl harbour and that was a one off and not really that close to home for most americans . 
  i went to the us pre-9 / 11 , the us was generally considered to be well liked overseas , there was a totally different mentality . 
  also my dad is quite old and grew up with the legacy of the blitz , as far as i 'm concerned he was completely correctly , the us did react very strongly to 9/11 ( war in iraq , massive overhaul of security measures ) and also america 's sense of utmost security from external threats was destroyed . 
  thank for a thoughtful response , but i think pearl harbour was really just the tipping point for the us in ww2 , churchill has been pushing hard for the us to get involved , the us was already supplying the commonwealth and russia with materials . 
  nor do i think the us actually entering the war was much of a change in the outcome , by the time the us entered the axis has already overstretched and put themselves into a bad strategical position . 
  if anything the us boots on the ground in the european theatre really just sped the opening of the western front and helped the allies in the race for berlin . 
  the economic support was a much bigger factor and that was already happening . 
  america had some bad internal terrorism , i was n't saying that america was so totally peaceful before 9/11 , but 9/11 felt to many americans just like how it feels when a foreign nation attacks a country . 
  rather than a feeling of `` god what is wrong with people '' that you feel when a nutter or group of nutters do something abhorrent there was an immediately call for retaliation against a foe , a sentiment that had n't been felt in the us for a long time . 
  i 'm not even saying what my dad said was completely right , but he was just expressing his views through the lens of his generation . 
  he is quite old and had grown up in the post war era when german was still a dirty word , then the cold war with the iron curtain less than a 1000 miles away from home , then the troubles in ireland at their worst . 
  the constant sense of an external foe within spitting distance was something that defined that generation of europeans . 
  america however was comparatively untouchable being a continent away . 
  i used to spend summers in the us as a kid pre-9 / 11 , in the clinton era , and that atmosphere was definitely nowhere near as vigilant as today . 
  hispanic has such a strong cultural identity in the us they 've pretty much convinced themselves that they 're genetically a separate race . 
  in reality most mexicans are mostly just southern europeans with some small amount of native american influence and potentially african american ancestry too depending on which part of south america they 're from . 
  i feel like if i were southern european i 'd be anxious going to us because i 'd probably suffer greater discrimination for not being `` northern european '' . 
  lol stop projecting . 
  i 'm not hateful in the slightest , you 're the one calling out names , you just ca n't seem to bend your small mind around how things are perceived from other countries , right or wrongly . 
  to be fair i was n't just talking about mexico but the whole hispanic identity , there are countries where african heritage is more common . 
  still , hispanic is a mixed heritage genetically , not an `` race '' in the traditional sense . 
  it would be funny if the kids thought it was a great idea and decided to help each other out to ensure the grade was high . 
  yeah , i do n't think that 's accurate at all . 
  there are multiple forms of communism , one which involves nationalised state ownership of all the means of production . 
  if you do n't have a job , rather than unemployment benefit you are assigned a job by the state . 
  what you describe sounds more like anarcho-communism to me , which was influential immediately after the revolution but got replaced more and more by state communism as time progressed . 
   then, 
  yes some , but in my experience most people do n't feel that way i 'd say and animosity tends to be centred around those places where there has been historical tension within living memory . 
  the real point is though that conflicts were cultural / ideological / national / religious , it 's not an conflict of ethnicity . 
  it 's not like if you were american and in ireland you get any shit for having a very english surname , there are plenty of irish people with english surnames and plenty of english people with irish surnames . 
  this idea that irishness or englishness is in the blood so to speak is very american . 
  nobody is going to hate you because of where your ancestors came from . 
  if you 've ever been a catholic you are `` naturally dead '' or some such bollocks , quite funny . 
  -10 - 0 really fucking cold wear gloves , hat , scarf, 
  0 - 10 pretty nippy , 3 layers advisable, 
  10 - 20 mild but not hot , bring a jumper, 
  20 - 30 fucking hot , t-shirt and shorts are possible, 
  30 - 40 fuck off i 'm staying inside where it 's cooler, 
  but of course figuring shit out like this way too complicated . 
  obivously americans change their dress within a 1 degree celsius range of temperature , and we unsophisticated euros have n't yet mastered that degree of sensitivity . 
  looked to me like a hangover dump after some indian food . 
  or as it should be called ... corn . 
  damn those americans appropriating our good european english words !, 
  maize ! = corn, 
  fucking donny soldier, 
  yes , which in most of glorious europa is wheat . 
  7 people think well of this, 
  edit : do n't know why people downvote , what nessie said is n't really a fair translation . 
  well i 'm an auslander and i fucking love the stuff , especially with schweinshaxe und kn\u00f6del, 
  are you serious ? 
  italian pizza is a delicious , thin and crispy , relatively light , unpretentious but culinary sophisticated meal enjoyed with a glass of wine . 
  american pizza is artery clogging , cheese loaded , greasy , heart attack material for which you need a litre of coke to rinse away the taste of fat . 
  i 'm not saying i 've never indulged in and enjoyed american style pizza but it 's hardly the same meal , and if i had to choose one or the other i 'd take the italian type . 
  i 'd [ choose this ] ( http://www.trusted-gourmet.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/05/rus3.jpg ) over [ this ] ( http://www.chicagogluttons.com/wp-content/uploads/2011/10/full_pie.jpg ) any day . 
  quickly we must tell nato about this genocide . 
  i guess that 's what those fema camps were for . 
  [ something like this ] ( http://oberallgaeu-kleinwalsertal.bayern-online.de/uploads/pics/special_bayerisch_haxe_rainer_01.jpg ) just makes me want to join a separatist movement and scream my head off about freistaat bayern . 
  then i 'll dress up like a morris dancer , play the tuba and complain about the bloody prussians . 
  sure , some people have been taking this wrongly , but given the tone of the previous video it does n't surprise me , they did present it kind of like they were claiming the whole concept . 
  however , i did read the description in the earlier and video and that tried to make it clear that 's not what they were doing , which of course is true because it ** would ** technically be impossible to claim ownership of the whole genre from a legal standpoint . 
  however , there are still some very worrying things here . 
  they are claiming the name `` react '' by itself , now this could just mean that nobody can make a brand just called `` react '' by itself , but it could also mean that they could claim brand/channel that has react in the name . 
  which one is it ? 
  if i made , `` adolescents react '' would that be sufficiently different ? 
  i saw their reaction to ellen 's segment on her show , that was not called react , was not an identical format , it just showed kids reacting and speaking to ellen . 
  the fine bros basically went public saying they 'd ripped them off . 
  this is evidence that suggest they do believe they own the whole format , so makes it seem like they 're lying . 
  there are plenty of legal precedents of cases where people have made a non-identical product , had success , and then been sued anyway since financially it made sense for that company to do so . 
  for example , x-factor sued american idol despite the different name and alteration of format because when idol had success it was worth them attempting a case to claim in court that idol was sufficiently similar to x-factor to infringe their intellectual property . 
  now if they do it , why the hell would be trust the fine bros not to do this if someone else has success with a reaction style format . 
  they 're claiming it 's just about the franchise , but we 've seen how these matters play out before and when lawyers see a chance at some money then the friendliness goes out the window . 
  a number of youtubers have had stuff taken down already by people acting on behalf of the fine bros , so we know they are already geared up and willing to get content removed . 
  given the precarious shitty system of youtube copyright strikes now then this is obviously a scary situation , since almost none of these matters ever see court and youtube just basically deals out rough justice on the basis of who is the more established partner . 
  really bad time to be doing this shit given the current atmosphere in the youtube community . 
   one picture of shitty ugly chain pizza, 
  aka 99.9 % of all american pizza . 
  let me guess , you 're an american who once had a layover in italy , bought some pizza in an airport bar or in a dirty street corner in milan and decided italian pizza was inferior . 
  evidently , most people disagree with you . 
  those are some tiny beers . 
  since pigeons do n't have anuses i 'm pretty sure that was overkill . 
  well yes and no . 
  he is irish-american , he should be eligible for an irish passport . 
  still , claiming to be irish on a sub full of irish people when you do n't live there is kinda a dick move .
