  the global political community would look favourably on any such plans , and china and the west would play a big role in that . 
  lol that 's a university silly !, 
  seems like a whole lot of cunts to me . 
  he did n't need to be so aggressive or kick her car so he 's a cunt . 
  she 's a cunt for pulling out while on her phone . 
  the cop is a cunt for not giving that big guy a talking to for being confrontational with the cyclist . 
  oh and whoever is in charge of parking is a cunt for letting people park on the bike lane . 
  house of cunts . 
  i get the feeling that the uk is a lot more about letting a bunch of intelligent people loose on a field of study , letting the ones not suited to it get bored or drop out and go get jobs ( hopefully ) with improved employment prospects , all the while retaining the best you can hold on to . 
  german universities still want to be these guardians of knowledge that want to weed out anyone who is n't pulling their weight . 
  certainly , if just came town to how enjoyable the experience is i think uk wins for me hands down . 
  ultimately talent speaks for itself in my opinion , and thus a guardian of knowledge is n't needed , and can in some cases cause inflated egos and intellectual snobbery . 
  more practical subjects are obviously a different case i 'll add . 
  but in germany i still think there is the gate keeping attitude in subjects that do n't lend themselves to that kind of mentality . 
  i 've always thought americans swore less than most english speakers , and in many languages they do n't even have the same concept of `` swear words '' . 
  i 've known all the weird flatmates and even been one myself one time . 
  got into a cycle of depression in my first term and thankfully caught it and dropped out early enough to be able to come back later when i 'd sorted myself out . 
  first few weeks i went totally crazy socialising and just drank and got high at every opportunity , then spent a couple of months locked in my room missing lectures playing games because i was disillusioned with how my life was . 
  i simply could n't adapt to this new social environment where people were so often vastly different from myself and had totally different experiences and attitudes . 
  it 's remarkably common and i 've seen some shit at universities . 
  people pissing into bottles instead of leaving their rooms . 
  people who were literally ghosts who only moved around late at night and we 're incredibly careful to avoid all contact with their flatmates . 
  people who actually had psychosis and ended up getting hospitalised . 
  it 's actually pretty amazing how many people it happens to . 
  they live alone for the first time in their lives and suddenly they 're overwhelmed by the reality that there is absolutely nothing keeping them on the straight and narrow , and that really no rules apply . 
  people also significantly underestimate the degree to which they were reliant on their previous social environment for their self-esteem which is a big deal . 
  there really are problems with mental health at universities , it 's really a big problem . 
  any decent sized universities are prepared to have a couple of dead teenagers on their hands every years and it 's shocking . 
  lol literary theory is basically just fascinating nonsense . 
  do n't worry we see the microcosm of the british view point of the american people too , crass , dim witted , and full of shit . 
  in my day there was little by way of orientation , also here it 's not like the us where it seems they really make an effort to get you into the university from a social perspective . 
  nope , we just turned up , were assigned a relatively private dorm and then left to our own devices . 
  that said , i do n't know what could 've been done for me . 
  there were services but most of these services are aimed at catching the worst case scenarios : suicides , self harm , severe mental health issues . 
  i think if it had been worse for me then those things could 've easily applied to me , but really i was just suffering the depression that comes from a large unexpected life change , i was just lucky enough to notice the change because previous i 'd actually been quite a happy and active person . 
  honestly i do n't know what could 've helped me . 
  the reality is that i was just a massively naive kid who did n't know how to deal with leaving his friends and family for a new place . 
  i had this imagined awesome student life that i was certain that i was going to have based on what my life had been like up to that point . 
  but the reality is that when there 's no peer group around you to give you a sense of belonging , and there 's nobody rewarding you for doing the `` right '' thing e.g completing assessments on time etc. 
  life can suddenly seem completely meaningless to people who do n't remember life without those things . 
  mine was a straight forward case of naive 18 year old goes off to university expecting it to be none stop fun times and connect with people in an even more meaningful way than in his hometown , and finds out there world can be a cold and indifferent place . 
  all this was over a decade ago and in a way the world still seems hard and indifferent compared to childhood , i just learned to cope . 
  having a couple of years working an ordinary job certainly helped with coping , when i went back to university was grateful for the opportunity to challenge myself academically and not drag myself to the same dull office for 9 hours every day . 
  honestly , everyone should have to work for a year after school , it will teach you about real life and make you relish further study a great deal more . 
  i think it 's a common cycle . 
  everyone is very excited in the first few weeks and they go off trying to live this dream life , whether that 's non-stop house parties , hitting up dance halls , or having sophisticated dinner parties . 
  everyone thinks it 's going to be as they expected . 
  then reality sinks in , they realise they 're falling behind on their studies , they do n't have a sense of belonging like they used to at school . 
  the depression does n't hit until weeks/months into the first year and by then no effort is being made to advertise help / raise awareness . 
  tackling this shit in week one orientation is stupid , at this time everyone is utterly confident that their uni life is going to be amazing . 
  at the end of the first semester is probably the ideal time to check whether people are falling apart . 
  yeah , university fucked up my sleeping and eating too . 
  the only thing that can get me back on a schedule is work . 
  the problem with being a famous country , and that goes equally for other historically significant countries like france , the us , and germany , is that everyone takes an opinion on what it 's like there without ever having been there . 
  surprised nobody what mentioned this , but the two most obvious to me is 1 ) girl appears uninterested in a guy or even hates him but he wins her around with persistence and cutesy behaviour 2 ) guy and girl fall out , she says she wants nothing more to do with him , he wins her over by doing something creepy like standing outside her window late at night or catching her at the airport . 
  there 's a saying in rugby : `` football [ i.e soccer ] is a gentleman 's sport played by hooligans , while rugby is a hooligan 's sport played by gentlemen . '' . 
  the pointing being that football is non-violent but tolerates a lot of wankerish behaviour , whereas rugby is a violent sport but with a stronger code of behaviour . 
  it 's also true that historically rugby is played by the upper/middle classes , whereas football has strong working class connections . 
  rugby players try to hold themselves to higher standards of sportsmanship and respectability , while footballers spit , taunt each other , and showboat their victories . 
  they 've cracked down on it more these days but the legacy still continues . 
  rugby has zero tolerance for this stuff , and they 'll take you off the pitch and put you in the `` sin bin '' if you do anything like that . 
  just watched the new version on netflix , really did n't do the original justice . 
  instead of a referendum asking leave/remain we should have a referendum on whatever plan bitch face and the twats come up with . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  ireland voted against a treaty once , and then voted again once it had been amended . 
  we voted to try out a policy , leaving the eu , and we should have another vote on what that would actually entail once we know wtf that means . 
  yeah , precisely why she would n't want to doom it to another decline . 
  yeah it was n't terrible but just did n't have the originality or flair of the original . 
  [ there can only be one !, 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/9f/44/47/9f4447f7e29520dae807421a54aefb3f.jpg ), 
  it 's clear what may 's real policy is : drag the uk out of the eu and single market kicking and screaming despite not having a mandate , even if it means supporting christian fundamentalists and destroying the good friday agreement . 
  you 'd think that vile horrible cow would 've got the message by now , so we can only assume she does n't care . 
  looks more like grove street when the ballaz are invading than warfare frankly . 
  because it 's our history and our continuity . 
  honestly it does n't matter who is the sovereign , just that we have one . 
  britain does n't despise its history as backwards or evil like many other countries do . 
  also , why do catholics put up with the pope ? 
  the other thing to remember is that the queen has a religious role as the titular head of the church of england as well as government . 
  we do n't want to be a republic , then we 'd be no different from american or germany , we are proud of our legacy . 
  we 're not the only ones . 
  netherlands and sweden too . 
  we are the originals , countries with an unbroken line ( ish ) line going back to our foundations . 
  you ca n't overestimate the importance of that in the psychology of a nation state . 
  shit is expensive in australia , especially drugs , ciggies and alcohol . 
  $ 3 might be a bit of an exaggeration but it 's definitely like $ 20 + a packet . 
  because they want your money ? 
  bbc especially makes a lot of money from the us market . 
  wow major spoilers there . 
  obviously not everyone agrees but i think most of the uk does n't have a problem with her . 
  apart from cromwell yes , i do n't mean bloodline i mean historical line of succession . 
  if money is n't created out of nowhere at some point how the fuck do you think money came to exist in the first place . 
  this is a typical idiots explanation of the system that makes look like the evil banksters the power to create money out of nowhere . 
  it 's bullshit and people need to stop believing this shit and sit down with an economics textbook and understand the theory behind it . 
  no ... let 's fucking not . 
  shallow ** and ** pedantic ? 
  there 's clearly a big difference between a succession of monarchs and multiple regime changes . 
  it 's an institutional legacy . 
  reeeeee, 
  what else would we be doing with a hundred years old gold carriage and a palace ? 
  no doubt it would be sitting in a museum somewhere and the palace would be costing the tax payers more money with the national trust .
