  however this type of logic is counter-intuitive , if the danger is higher then people will be less inclined to do something is the intuitive logic , however i think this is bullshit . 
  there will always be an element of society willing to break laws for person gain . 
  the other thing people do is assume that all criminals are irrational in their criminal acts , often on the basis that breaking the law is itself inherently irrational , therefore their behaviour will always be irrational . 
  but this is again bullshit the product of moral brainwashing , treating right and wrong as black and white . 
  a criminal is not inherently irrational , at least no more than say a gambler is irrational . 
  in reality it 's someone who is more prone to risk and it able to rationalise the morality of their actions . 
  again it 's a mistake to think criminals are inherently immoral , it 's merely that in their reckoning they can justify their actions , regardless of whether we believe those justifications to be valid . 
  so ultimately most criminals are rational people that take measured risks on the basis of an unconventional personal moral outlook , and people who do this will always exist no matter what society does . 
  now this is n't to say their rationality is perfect , like gamblers they will take risks that seem insane to other people , however that does n't mean they do n't attempt to minimise risk . 
  someone might be an insane gambling addict who loses all their money through taking risks for personal gain , but even the most addicted degenerate gambler wo n't unnecessarily decrease his odds without there being any tangible gain from it . 
  criminals ultimately will take these risks , but in the vast majority of cases they 're not going to make decisions that will unnecessarily increase risk . 
  which is why de-escalation works . 
  however to counter this people will usually point at serial killers and psychopaths , who murder without any sense or reason to it . 
  they 'll say that these people disprove the idea that criminals minimise risk . 
  however this is not a good argument simply because such a small percentage of criminals are actually these types of people . 
  most crime is committed for financial gain , most criminals are not psychopaths or serial killers , but people out for a quick buck . 
  in these cases violence is merely a means to an end , rather than an end in itself . 
  plenty of other developed countries have crime , but the situation in america has escalated the problem of crime , the fear it 's induced has led to a vicious cycle , a self fulfilling prophecy , if the police behave as if their lives were constantly in danger then their lives increasingly become endangered , if people act as if there could be a killer on any given corner , the number of killers will increase . 
  it will take people to realise this and to collectively work towards a return to normality in order for the problem to diminish rather than worsen . 
  all the guys with gold in this thread , you solve the mystery and get a measly 49 upvotes , this is a travesty !, 
  this just made me think of bioshock infinite, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  battered as in beaten up , is the same as battered as in fried in delicious batter . 
  it 's not a grammatical mistake . 
  honestly there is a sensible middle ground . 
  firstly you ca n't be made to need a lawyer , taken to court or made to pay court fees for merely asserting your rights . 
  yes , the police can make your life a lot harder if you piss them off . 
  simultaneously many convictions are made because the party was overly cooperative with the police and thought they could get off by being forthcoming . 
  you have to look at it from their perspective , remember that that first and foremost the police are out to get people to trial , they are not your friend . 
  secondly remember that most police ( excluding the crooked ones ) obey the the law , they would be hypocrites not to . 
  however thirdly remember that police will be given the benefit of the doubt in legal situations more frequently than the average joe , so while they have to obey the law when things are a matter of interpretation they win automatically . 
  yes you have rights , but you have to consider when you need those rights . 
  if you 're 100 % certain that you 're doing nothing illegal , you 're just walking to the shop to buy a drink and some police are in your business then by all means be as cooperative as possible . 
  only idiots think they need to assert their rights in this situation . 
  if they ask you what you 're doing tell them the truth , you 're going to buy a drink , do n't tell them it 's none of their business , it will only make your life more complicated . 
  however if you 've done anything remotely illegal do n't go giving the police help arresting you . 
  the moment you get the vibe that they suspect you of doing something , even if it 's a minor thing , do n't assist them doing their job . 
  never think you can talk your way out of a minor transgression , whether that be as petty as public urination , smoking a single joint or whatever . 
  sure there are some good officers who will let things slide if you convince them you 're not a bad type , however some officers just see this as a different form of being corrupt . 
  some officers will act real friendly simply to acquire some evidence to arrest you . 
  this is the time to assert your rights , if they find the end of a joint in your back pocket , keep quiet , say nothing , and obviously prior to this do n't consent to any searches . 
  if they think you took a piss behind a dustbin , tell them you have no idea what they 're talking about , do n't say `` i 'm really sorry officer i wo n't do it again '' . 
  thing is that you never know what kind of cop you 're dealing with , one who 'll let it slide or one who 'll do anything to take you in . 
  however the one thing that is always true is to be respectful . 
  even when asserting your rights do so timidly and rationally . 
  nobody should be going off `` muh rights '' or acting indigenous when the police want to know something . 
  that simply never helps and will only make the officer more keen to arrest and charge you . 
  even if the cop starts getting all aggressive and pissy with you , stay calm and collected , be super polite and do n't allow it to get to you . 
  ultimately knowing your rights is not the same thing as mouthing off about your rights . 
  do n't tell the police what your rights are , they already know , however they 'll occasionally do things that will make offering up information that you do n't need to by right seem attractive , and this is when you should refrain . 
  acting on your rights is not shouting them out loud in an officers face , it 's the act of declining to answer questions without a lawyer present and so forth . 
  this is sound advice that i 've had from my lawyer that everyone should know . 
  you have know when to cooperate and when to politely decline if you want to maximise your chances of staying out of trouble . 
  if you 've done something criminal record worthy it 's nonetheless worth sitting through that period until they allow the lawyer in though . 
  that 's not what it means and you 're ignorant fot suggesting it does . 
  it 's no robotwars, 
  so would you if you 'd spent years stuck in a gigantic mining vessel 3 million years in the future with just a neurotic hologram , a cleaning android and a highly evolved cat for company . 
  that 's not really what it means at all . 
  it means audacious . 
  if a kid tells an adult he wo n't eat peas they might reply `` do n't be cheeky '' , it means the same as `` i do n't want none of your lip '' . 
  to be cheeky is to take a liberty , to be irreverent . 
  if a footballer puts it through a defender 's legs for example , that 's cheeky . 
  it 's a dangerous manoeuvre , it should n't work against a professional , but if you take the risk at the right time it can pay off . 
  it 's cheeky because it 's irreverent , it 's saying i do n't care that you play in the premier i 'll school you like a amateur . 
  as in `` did you see suarez 's cheeky nutmeg last night , it was classic '' . 
  cheeky nandos is just one of those stupid things , because there 's nothing really cheeky about it . 
  it 's said because the idea that by having a nandos meal instead of just a pasty from greg 's or some other cheaper meal is somehow naughty or taking a liberty , is quite funny , made even funnier by the fact that nandos is pretty cheap itself , as far as restaurants go it 's about as classy as pizza hut . 
  it came from people saying stuff like `` we had a cheeky pint at lunch time since the boss had already gone home '' or `` we had a cheeky spliff at the bus stop before going to the gig '' , it then became funnier to apply to more inappropriate things . 
  do n't listen to that american guy , [ it means this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gifs/comments/3bq92g/now_thats_just_cheeky/csooten ), 
  sadly this is how it is in america . 
  he 's not asking this question to be shitty , he literally confused by the fact that so many americans believe better working conditions would collapse the economy while europe has them and is n't collapsing . 
  i do n't that would work simply because of how much goes into building a robot like this . 
  the dullest few hours of your life . 
  i do n't want to be that guy , massive props to this guy for doing this , but i have to say that learning the basics in a language is by far not the easiest part of learning a language , especially if you possess an understanding of how language works . 
  all you need do is pick up 1000 words and the grammar and syntax . 
  you 'll then be able to have basic conversations with speakers of that language . 
  some people see this as magic , but it 's mostly because they do n't understand how language functions , however if you learn just one language and study the function of grammar and syntax and so forth , picking up another one is simply a matter of learning some pretty simple stuff and memorising it . 
  i would n't call this guy a true polygot , i 'd call him a language aficionado . 
  there are many people like him who know how to speak a bit of a lots of languages , it 's certainly a skill , but it 's not something insanely remarkable . 
  he obviously enjoys it to go as far as learning 18 , but i 've met plenty of people who can speak english , their mother tongue , ein bisschen deutsch , un peu de francais , un poco de espanol , un po ' di italiano and so on . 
  i think a true polygot is someone who can truly master a language in a short time , and honestly i do n't think many people have that skill . 
  it takes years to truly become close to fluent in a language . 
  i often teach students who 've studied english for 20 years , who communicate incredibly well and understand virtually everything said to them but still make frequent mistakes . 
  take this sentence `` rarely have i seen a true polyglot '' . 
  to a native speaker it sound entirely normal , but how are you meant to internalise the fact that for some reason subject and verb are inverted if it takes the primary position in the sentence . 
  take i sentence like `` that i am '' , where for some reason the usual `` svo '' syntax is replaced with `` osv '' for shits and giggles . 
  it can take years for this shit to become second nature . 
  what would your advice be for someone who has n't skated for 12 years and was just getting back into it and wanted to improve ? 
  to be fair just being able to handle ramps again has been like crack cocaine for me !, 
  honestly he 's a hero , he needs to be producing stuff more frequently . 
  i love how he can call such genius music such simple names . 
  utter lack of pretension . 
  what do you call a racist stereotype ? 
   priapus is marked by his oversized , permanent erection , which gave rise to the medical term priapism . 
  great way to start a new world . 
  snow dog * something you just made up to feel indignation about on reddit . 
  clever girl !, 
  where are the australian mods !, 
  muh natural rights !, 
  nobody invited you .
