  english also as a v2 word order that is vso but typically only used in prepositional phrases and with auxiliaries / modals + another verb e.g `` in the garden sat the cat '' and `` never have i seen such behaviour '' . 
  i was just parodying what americans say . 
  [ we should take a moment to remember how good this song actually is ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hshynvembb4 ), 
  not in german though, 
  to be fair you fucked up the english slightly . 
  for the thought you were expressing , `` just a reminder that we were once enslaved '' or `` just a reminder that we once were enslaved . '', 
  would 've been much more suitable . 
  in these cases it means something similar to `` at one time '' . 
  moving an adverbial like once to the end like that tends of emphasise it , and in this case suggests a more literal meaning , something closer to `` one time and only one time '' . 
  as an example `` i went to the toilet once during the film '' sounds perfectly fine whereas `` i once went to the toilet '' sounds downright hilarious , as if it were remarkable that at some point in your life you had been to the toilet . 
  likewise `` i only took heroin once '' means you only took it one time ever , where `` i once only took heroin '' means that at some point in the past all you took was heroin and nothing else ( perhaps you now smoke crack too ) . 
  yeah seems logical . 
  `` translated from the german '' does n't mean translated from any old german , it means something more specific . 
  does n't really seem superfluous at all . 
  damn poor rollerblading . 
   though , by rule , the very concept of articles is pretty superfluous, 
  the uk does n't generally recognise the term `` latino '' from a racial perspective . 
  outside the americas it 's not a concept that holds much credibility , you wo n't hear it used on the news or official documents . 
  that said , the uk census forms have no options for native americans , inuit peoples , or sami finns , it does , however , have an `` other '' section where you can write what you want . 
  the official options racially are simply white/black/asian , but at every step there are empty sections for you to fill so nobody feels forced into putting something they do n't identify as . 
  hang on one second . 
   actually most of the form do not have the option to fill out what you mean by ` other ' . 
  source please ? 
  the census in the uk looks [ like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6d/2011_uk_census_ethnic_group_question.png ), 
   just because europe as a whole tends to ignore another continent it fucked over it does n't make my existence and rate any less relevant or true . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  government forms are written to be as politically correct as possible , if something is n't there it 's not because they `` do n't care '' , that 's a childish false narrative that fails to acknowledge the efforts of people in government to avoid causing offence . 
   i never know what to put on these forms . 
  where i 'm from i am white in terms of skin tone but not in england . 
  plus white does n't reflect my culture or background at all . 
  i 'm not mixed race . 
  i 'm not black . 
  i 'm not white . 
  and then people wonder why so many immigrants few unwelcome or disenfranchised . 
  as far as britain is concerned you are either white , black , asian or mixed . 
  these are the only `` races '' that exist , linguistic conventions based purely on physical appearance . 
  frankly i 'm with them on this . 
  latino is not a racial definition . 
  it 's something that arose in the americas purely as reaction to distinguish white and mixed south americans from the descendent of white northern europeans . 
  not something europe should take on if it can avoid it . 
   we do n't even know how many latinos live in the uk at the moment estimates vary wildly because there 's very little way to judge that . 
  actually it 's really easy . 
  firstly we can look at people to filled in `` latino '' on the census form . 
  obviously there were n't many of these or there would be pressure to add it to the form . 
  furthermore we can look at all the people to defined as white or mixed south americans . 
  i do n't buy it all . 
  latino is not a racial categorisation . 
  it 's actually a harmful distinction to make . 
  there is a good reason why the racial options in the uk as so limited , and that 's because the concept of race based on ethnicity is not scientifically supported . 
  race is a linguistic convention purely based on the colour of your skin / appearance , and is a limited definition that reflects little in real life . 
  that 's why a racial definition based on appearance ( white/black/asian / mixed ) + ethnicity makes far more sense . 
  you are not being oppressed by europeans because they fail to recognise pseudo-scientific distinctions , if anything it 's done deliberately to stop discrimination and further pigeon holing of people . 
  you sound as if you were actively trying to be offended by comparing the british system to what is clearly an inferior us-centric model of categorisation . 
  you should be glad that uk is n't like the us where differences are made a huge deal of and everyone is listing off their heritage as if it were a genetic map to where they belong in society . 
  frankly i think more immigrants would be more disenfranchised being told `` you 're a persian '' , `` your a latino '' , `` you 're an eastern european '' rather than being defined as `` arab british iranian '' , `` white british colombian '' or `` white polish '' . 
  latino is not a recognised ethnic definition in much of europe , not because people do n't care or want to dismiss it , but because highly racial aware people from a mixture of backgrounds have concluded that including it would be less politically correct than leaving it off . 
  do n't get me wrong you are still free to self-define as latino , but as a cultural and ethnic group , that last thing we want to be doing is creating more `` races '' . 
  same when you say you do n't identify as `` white '' ... white here does n't correlated to an `` identity '' , white should n't be seen as anything else but an unfortunate linguistic naming convention that preferably would n't exist but unfortunately can not be avoided . 
  only because other countries have better sea access and/or poor . 
  edit : why downvote , it 's true . 
  every other developed economy has better sea access than inland america , they either have a coast or like switzerland have a coastline relatively near to them in another country with which they have a favourable relationship . 
  otherwise landlocked countries are notoriously poorer than those near the seas . 
  in other big countries like australia you have something like 95 % of the population within a few hours drive of the coast . 
  countries that do rely on freight as heavily as the us , such as russia , china , and india do n't have anything like the same level of infrastructure or money to spend on it . 
  i think your argument is a weak one . 
  all those job applications have an option not to define as anything listed , they are not intended to fully comprehensive lists of all possible ethnicities , and they are mostly used to ensure that the company can show that they do have a multicultural non-discriminatory hiring policy , and that includes people who do not identify as black/white/asian / mixed race . 
   speaking broadly south america is a continent that is completely ignored politically and historically , particularly in europe . 
  source please ? 
  it 's not more ignored than any other continent thousands of miles away from europe . 
  furthermore i hardly think it 's ignored compared to say central africa , where most political events do n't even make the newspapers here . 
   ask the average joe on the street anything about south america and they 'll likely say ` uh , the amazon ? ', 
  despite the fact that european history ( including the uk 's ) is very closely tied to south america . 
  so you 're basing your entire argument on your personal subjective impression of what a non-representative selections of europeans you 've come into contact with knows about a continent , and have therefore concluded that that entire continent , ignores that south america historically and politically ? 
  even the government ? 
  yes , that 's insane . 
   from colonisation to uk involvement in teaching torture techniques . 
  irrelevant to the matter at hand . 
  is you argument a logical one or just a knee-jerk reaction to historical grievances that tries to play off colonial guilt ? 
   which is the issue . 
  i am none of those things . 
  i am not white , i do n't consider myself mixed race ( who is n't mixed race at this point ) . 
  yet you 've already said that back home you 'd be considered white . 
  guess what ? 
  white when they say it back home means exactly the same as what white means in the uk . 
  it means your skin as a hue that is light enough for you to consider it better described as white than anything else . 
  you only have problem with white because you 're using the american and borderline racist definition of term , in some sense of the `` white race '' which can only include ethnically pure northern europeans . 
  this is precisely why latino is n't on the form , because we want to do away with these pseudo-scientific definitions of race . 
   do think that 's partially caused exactly by trying to define what people are or not without having their input , i suspect even with the latin community you 'd have a mixture of answers . 
  this article , though discussing the u.s. sums it up pretty well . 
  like i said before most of the time i have no idea what to fill in that form . 
  we do not subscribe or recognise the validity of these conceptions of ethnic grouping , this is europe , not america . 
  stop trying to make europe ( which in many parts is clearly more racially progressive than the americas ) like the us . 
   no not really . 
  there is pressure , here 's the report from queen mary 's mentioned on the article . 
  there 's organisations that campaign especifically to have our ethinicity recognised . 
  part of not being recognised is becoming invisible . 
  yes really . 
  my point was that there obviously is n't enough support for it to be included right now , otherwise it would already be included . 
  my point was not that there are no people who wo n't be upset by the linguistic racial definition in use in europe and argue for adopting a foreign method , whatever system you go with there will be people preferring something else . 
   which is n't accurate and does n't reflect how a large segment of that community feels .
