  english was brought to the uk who spoke their own saxon dialect that differed significantly not only from the other `` german '' dialects of the time , but also from modern german . 
  they are branches of the same tree rather than one being a derivation of another . 
  knowledge of either wo n't particularly help you with your ability to use english ; there are plenty of great monolingual writers . 
   it a silly idea that the subjects do n't interact in anyway and its only purpose is that it helps justify anglophones ' general xenophobia . 
  i wo n't deny that there 's a streak of xenophobia and exceptionalism in british culture , but you wo n't find it in the school system . 
  french has been a mandatory subject in the uk for pretty much forever , there has also historically been a great support for modern languages in the school system . 
  most kids are encouraged to take 2 languages to 16 . 
  it 's certainly not for lack of trying that the 2nd of language abilities of british students pale in comparison with their continental equivalents . 
  the british education system has pushed the importance of language learning incredibly hard , even in the face of overwhelming odds , as english has basically become ubiquitous in europe . 
  it 's merely a product of the cultural complacency that arises when your language is unofficially the world 's lingua franca . 
  a huge difference is that in the uk kids stop caring about languages they 've been learning the moment they finish the final exam , whereas in other countries these are seen as more useful life skills , as for speakers of languages other than english , communicating in english is n't as comfortable and never will be . 
  there 's also the somewhat unique focus on depth of learning rather than breadth of learning that has historically been britain 's educational style , so that fact that most kids only take 3 subjects to 18 also plays a role . 
  seriously , do n't take a load of tripe . 
  educators have to make these calls , it 's ultimately futile to force everyone to take a foreign language to 18 when very few have the motivation to turn that learning into real skills . 
  you seem to have some weird ideas about `` the english '' , which is stupid . 
  in the us they do n't even have to take a mandatory foreign language in some places at least . 
  most places you 'll get a choice of french spanish and german , you and take either one or two ( and in some places french is mandatory so if you only want to take one then it has to be french ) . 
  german is by far the least popular of them all . 
  you only have to say `` 3 genders '' and `` case declension '' to a bunch of 11 year old to convince them to swear off a language for life . 
  french and spanish are seen as much `` cooler '' and `` sexy '' . 
  thanks , i 'll check it out . 
  how good a lawyer someone is really depends what you need them for . 
  this guy looks like he 's great at getting people off dui and other minor crimes when there 's been some oversight by the police or improper procedure . 
  i doubt you 'd want him for your murder trial or a complicated copyright issue . 
  no i base that on the fact that 's the market he 's targeting so that 's probably what he 's used to doing . 
  if someone advertises themselves as a no case too small criminal lawyer then he 's probably good at dealing with minor criminal cases . 
  if someone advertises themselves as a intellectual property lawyer then intellectual property is probably what they 're best at . 
  of course , he could still be dreadful , but it 's not an unreasonable assumption that a lawyer will be best at doing what they 're doing what they 're most acquainted with . 
  to be fair , `` du fehlst mir '' is a little confusing for english speakers , as subject and object trade roles . 
  i miss you = ich fehle dich , which is n't the same meaning . 
  op might want to think of it as `` are lacking '' . 
  du fehlst mir = you are lacking to me . 
  [ great scene ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2yhl_0p2ej4 ), 
  to be born an englishman is to have won the lottery of life . 
  also free healthcare , more welfare , and cheaper education . 
  news out of europe is mostly : farmers protested new government fertiliser standards . 
  news out of the us is mostly : omg some guy blew up/shot up/ate an entire etc. 
  also us foreign policy is important to the rest of the world , as if any western nation is going to start a war it 's usually you guys . 
  actually , everyone understands that barring maybe children , but conservatives like to point it out like non-conservatives think money grows on trees in a childish attempt to discredit them . 
  the uk pays for its healthcare in taxes , and doing so means that medications cost on average about 1/6 of what they cost the us . 
  this is usually when a republican stands up and says the the us pays for vastly more towards medical r&d , at which point someone points out that americans are n't paying through the nose for healthcare to do the world a favour when they invent drugs and that r&d for the eu , a roughly equivalently sized economic ( eu 18 trillion vs us 17 trillion ) does an equivalent amount of r&d without the absurd healthcare costs being passed to individuals . 
  a which point the conservative claims bullshit and starts telling everyone that us pharmaceuticals are vastly superior to european ones and can not be convinced otherwise despite knowing nothing about the pharmaceutical industry and banging on about how we 'd never have all this medicine if it were capitalism blah blah . 
  alternatively they say you ca n't compare a country to a region because what matters is being under a single government ( for some reason ) , and not how many people or how much money you have . 
  and we end up at an impass\u00e9 where facts cease to matter . 
  look , now we do n't even have to have the discussion , it 's all been laid out for us . 
  yes , 1812 , the war that was a tremendous success for the british in which they took and razed the american capital ? 
  the war in which the american did n't even start fighting back in until the war was actually already over ? 
  i 'm suppose the vietnam war was also a victory ? 
  as yes because it was the british that took the americas from you ... actually no it was most those people who nowadays call themselves american ... like yourself . 
  if you have one european ancestor you 're literally more to blame for that than the british are . 
  let 's not forgot that one reason for the revolution was that the colonists wanted to take land that had been designated by the crown as a native american nations . 
   the economy is doing well, 
  i lol 'd . 
  uk economy is about is feel the pain badly . 
  naive brexiteers who do n't understand economics not realising how it works sadly . 
  foreign investors are rubbing their hands with glee buying up underpriced uk assets right now due to the weakened pound , but unless exports pick up , which is unlikely , you can be sure the next few years are going to be rough . 
  bollocks . 
  the uk being a surveillance state is something only non-britons believe . 
  something like 95 % + of the cameras they talk about in the statistics are privately owned . 
  if you have a problem with someone putting surveillance on their private property for their person use in case of an insurance claim then you 're not very good capitalist are you , because that is one of the personal liberties we allow property owners to invoke when they own a property here . 
  if the uk is a surveillance state , it 's one in exactly the same way as the us , remember that the nsa and gchq were in bed together in a big way . 
   subjugation to a monarch, 
  tongue in cheek indeed . 
   and the inability to defend yourself . 
  actually self defence is a well established concept in british law , something that the us inherited from britain ( fyi american law is basically just british law but with a few hundred years of differing judgements and legislation , the core legal principles mostly remain unchanged ) . 
  british law says self-defence my be proportion to the danger , which means you ca n't shoot someone who 's attacking you with a baseball bat , but you can hit them with a rock . 
  anyway with x4 our murder rate america does n't seem to be doing a good job of defending its people even with its gun laws . 
  i 'd rather a mugger flashed a knife at me relatively safe in the knowledge that i 'm going to hand over my phone and wallet without resistance than have some trigger happy drug addict with a gun and an itchy trigger finger robbing me in a state of absolute panic scared in case i 'm going to pull out my gun and enact my 2nd amendment rights , it makes for a much more civilised type of crime . 
  committing crime in the us seems like too high a stakes game with greater collateral damage . 
  ah yes , you `` saved '' us . 
  stop learning history from hollywood . 
  separable verbs have no `` breaking point '' they are together in the infinitive and in subordinate clauses . 
  you can have as much as you want between the `` hole '' and the `` ab '' when `` abholen '' is the first verb . 
  ah yes , because churchill going off to america to raise support is begging . 
  you 're a complete muppet my friend . 
  it 's not the correction but the patronising look they give you before repeating the sentence back to you correctly . 
  teachers generally need to eat , they also teach the language all day long and the last thing most want to do when they get home is teach for free . 
  you need to ask for a tandem partner and say what your native language is . 
  then you agree to help each other with each respect language equally . 
  sure mate . 
  i 'm no expert . 
  but i 'm pretty sure it 's written anywhere the uk begged the us for help . 
  in fact by the time the americans entered the war there was already a stalemate situation . 
  it 's a well known fact that before the americans had even entered the war the british had taken back control of air space around britain and were suffering only sustainable bombing damage from the luffwaffe raids and inflicting a fair share of damage with the raf . 
  it 's also well known that by this point in the war hitler 's ambitions had gone from a swift beating of britain followed by an invasion to an attempt to starve britain out by controlling seas route and preventing britain receiving resources from her colonies . 
  which he was trying to achieve with u-boot warfare and sea mine blockades . 
  it 's also well known that around this time russia and hitler 's truce had failed and hitler was engaging in a disastrous policy of fighting a war on two fronts . 
  most of the anglo-german combat was fought in the colonial theatre in places such as north africa where both sides were vying for control of oil resources . 
  it 's common for stupid people to believe what you said is common knowledge , but it 's no actually common knowledge if you consult a history book . 
  so you 're saying you saved our arses by lending us money at interest ? 
  fyi the loan you linked to was signed after the war was over . 
  i must remember to buy my bank manager a bunch of flowers next time i see him for being such a kindhearted guy . 
  the uk was n't being desperate it was being realistic , it had fought a hard war and needed to rebuild , knowing when to give something up for something else is part of statesmanship . 
  it 's utterly pathetic to try to characterise the uk 's actions as `` desperate '' or `` begging '' and can only be due to some kind of hidden agenda . 
   the anglo-american loan agreement was a post world war ii loan made to the united kingdom by the united states on 15 july 1946 , and paid off in 2006 . 
  yes the war was over in 1945, 
  the atlantic charter was an agreement to concede power , that was quite rightly made to help bring the war to a close . 
  britain had more to lose from a long drawn out conflict and a russian controlled mainland europe than it did conceding its territories to a right to self determination given that the empire had been on the decline since ww1 . 
  how am i being rude ? 
  trust me , if you start speaking to germans you 'll find them even more direct !,
