  i 'm sorry , i ca n't hear you over my free healthcare and more sophisticated culture . 
  it 's population not area ... 
  yeah , the types who were chavs dress much more smartly these days , although you can usually identify them by their low quality `` trying too hard '' haircuts , and loud obnoxious choice of clothes . 
  british english is not `` european english '', 
  bit like the british and america 's independence, 
  cultural victory !, 
  you seem to be missing the fact that there is a spiritual connotation to the masonic philosophy . 
  it 's not a religious group , but their philosophy relies on the tenets that there exists a grand architect of the universe that allows man to discern wisdom from the natural world . 
  if you are totally atheist in the strong sense , not agnostic even , then you ca n't join because you must reject the first tenet of masonic ideology . 
  plenty of people who are n't religious , but believe in some abstract deist force that is the first and/or substantive cause of the universe are members . 
  there was no milk nor cookies , just booze , a mince pie and a carrot as it should be . 
  have you heard how the colonials speak lately ? 
  far more atrocious , a pidgin abomination . 
  you are rampantly full of shit , scoffing down some bullshit narrative about hatred for the aristocracy . 
  i mean what the fuck has liking royalty got to do with liking the military , as far as i 'm aware no royalty has started any wars for quite a while . 
  i mean these are literally two totally separate issue , one results in aggressive foreign policy and the other results in a few people getting to live in a palace and open buildings all year . 
  most importantly the queen does n't have any power , the crown owns all that feudal land and wealth . 
  she ca n't profit off it at all , only the state can . 
  all she is is someone who through no choice of her own has to undertake a reasonably demanding job in the public eye in return for a secure and reasonably luxurious lifestyle . 
  it 's not a meritocracy and it 's not meant to be . 
  she 's a useful diplomat and pulls in more money in international interest than she costs to keep . 
  i ca n't imagine why anyone would think it 's so good to be a royal , sure it beats being homeless but would you want a be public property in return for a cushy but restrictive life . 
  even the shitness of being a royal aside how is it worse than someone receiving a trust fund from a company their great-grandad founded , personally i 'd take a trust fund over a crown any day . 
  you are the archetype of petulant and whiny . 
  well done on your military brilliance and influence , funny how you 've lost virtually all the wars you 've entered in the last 50 years . 
  the other funny thing is not many people are challenging the land belonging to the commonwealth , yet people are less comfortable with american 's amateur level imperialism . 
  yes , because the modern royal family are the same people that were in charge of the worse moments of the empire . 
  it 's clearly supporting exactly the same people who did those things . 
  it 's like how when i invest in a german company i am literally a nazi because i 'm financially supporting the people who invaded poland and persecuted the jews . 
  yeah because that totally happened . 
  yes , none of which include what you say . 
  you should see a doctor . 
  do you remember when queen elizabeth killed her six wives ? 
  or when obama freed the slaves ? 
  also , you know what 's terrible , the germans , they have a chancellor merkel , when adolf hitler was a german chancellor , the germans should n't have a chancellor because it represents the genocide of jews and the invasion of poland . 
  you seem mad bro . 
  there 's nothing here to address . 
  some atrocities were committed in the name of the crown no doubt . 
  but there 's nothing about what the crown represents . 
  it 's just a tradition . 
  parliament authorised worse , but that 's not a reason to chuck out parliament . 
  there 's no requirement to respect them , people in england often talk ill of them , but you 're nothing but a childish idiot if some institution is associated with some bad deeds ( which you are clearly exaggerating like a professional victim ) , that 's no reason to completely change everything . 
  grow the fuck up seriously ... 
   one of looking up to people who are descended from warmongers who raped and enslaved to earn their descendants a privileged spot . 
  so noble . 
  yes , because naturally all british people look to the royals ... and we should also arrest hitler 's great nieces and nephews for being descended from a war monger also ? 
  oh and of course the previous royals were terrible and did nothing but bad things and of course they were directly responsible for war and all bad things in the world . 
   a family that inherited it 's wealth from ancestors, 
  because the family personally owns all the commonwealth , it is their property and they are free to do as they please ... an institution like the crown is n't more comparable to a corporation . 
   sooo , does that mean that the us military should never be criticized ? 
  because they 're also associated with some horribly dark deeds , but according to you , we can just sweep it all under the rug because it 's just an institution associated with bad deeds . 
  never hold anyone accountable for anything . 
  pathetic . 
  naturally , like any sane individual , i blame modern day soldiers for any atrocities in vietnam , and the vietnam vets i blame for the american civil war and i blame those guys for the war of independence . 
   you love to go on endlessly about the horrors committed by the us government and what americans did in the past , but when you do it and the focus is on america , it 's fine . 
  but when someone else points out the dirty history of your esteemed figures , suddenly it 's all exaggerations and professional victimhood . 
  you would n't dare say this if it were some native american lamenting about the american colonial genocide against their race , but you will to defend the royals . 
  never speak of america 's crimes against humanity ever again , otherwise you are a hypocrite . 
  no because nobody is complaining about things people did hundreds of years ago . 
  only recent history . 
   you can never stop me . 
  what are you a super villain ? 
  well at least i do n't write like a caffeinated tween ... 
  naturally canada is more important since bigger, 
  there can only be one !, 
  baths get you perfectly clean , having a shower before is completely unnecessary , people are just pussies . 
  so was there ever an update ? 
  u wot m8 ? 
  remember guys , he hates the `` german mentality '' , you have to understand that teeny wheeny yuropoor countries are not big or populous enough to have such diversity as the us of a. 
  it 's perfectly fine to generalise about those minuscule homogeneous cultures with their pathetic 80 million inhabitants , but the same is not true of america . 
  why you ask ? 
  america has more types of pizza naturally !, 
  oh shit , the british aristocracy did n't supply the irish with free food when their crops failed and their land owners sold their grain to the rest of europe because they had more money , all at a time when english peasants regularly starved to death and nobody gave a shit . 
  awh maeye gaad eyeum glad we dun hav aaaksents in the you ess uv aaaye !, 
  seriously read a history book . 
  that is pure bollocks . 
  the land owners were irish even if for some people being born in ireland is n't irish enough , just because they were loyal to the crown does n't stop them being irish . 
  no aid was blocked . 
  the only shitty thing the british did was discourage the soup kitchen movement . 
  seriously , what really happened ? 
  there was a potato crop plague in ireland that increased the price of food . 
  the poor rural irish peasants , having no money , starved . 
  the food that was grown in ireland did n't belong to ireland , it belonged to the land owners who unsurprisingly sold it to the highest bidder . 
  yet we hear the myth of how the english starved the irish population as some kind of act of genocide . 
  no it was n't genocide , it was free market economics . 
  shame we did n't have bono to do a live aid for ireland and this whole thing could 've been avoided . 
  yes they saw themselves as british , because ireland was at the time part of britain . 
  just as most scots see themselves as part of britain , it does n't make them any less scottish . 
  you are just doing a no true scotsman argument as is so common in parts of ireland with their talk of `` west brits '' and such . 
  seriously fuck off . 
  the famine was free market capitalism at its finest , not an english plot like some morons believe . 
  fyi there were famines in england too , and people in less affluent counties starved because the landowners made more money selling to london , does this mean that the landowners of those counties were actually secretly londoners contriving to kill the people in those counties ? 
  cool story bro . 
  go play the victim more please it brings me pleasure ... 
  cool nobody cares about your deluded unrecognised marxist pseudo-scholars . 
  i can find far more prestigious academic sources that say otherwise , but of course it 's probably a imperialist conspiracy right ? 
  if your ancestors had had a pot to piss in then they would 've bought the food and survived , sadly they did n't make the grade of free market capitalism . 
  yes because i said that . 
  you got your independence legally , nobody is denying that . 
  but at the time ireland was part of britain , that is undeniable , and the people who sold their grain abroad for maximum profit were irish people born and bred in ireland .
