  has anyone noticed that he 's citing civil law ? 
  you 're not going to prison for libel . 
  the irony of an american claiming that other countries are not free from frivolous law suits . 
  ah yes , those famous irish highlands , i hear the skiing is lovely at this time of year . 
  especially when the us has so many more people per capita ... 
  / r/thathappened i 'm sure the pub went deadly silent the moment he uttered the words black and tan . 
  also a lot of people thought the creepy smile guy fucking his wife while fantasising about the teenage girl was the same guy who was at the head of the table when she was fantasising about her parents being killed , thus he must want to fuck his own daughter . 
  probably why he conducts a youth orchestra then . 
  you 're clearly a better grammarian than i. 
  perhaps you are he , the one one 's prophecy foretold . 
  cue round of applause and 100 irish dollars . 
  happens in germany everywhere . 
  sometimes they are actually legit , they 're just making a profit off you by buying a family ticket then charging you like 10 euros when it actually only costs them 20 and they can do it like five times and turn 20 euros into 50 , sometimes they 're actually just selling you a dead ticket . 
  not if you listen carefully . 
  irish people sound irish , most pikey 's i 've encountered in the uk sound like nothing i 've ever heard before , really weird blend of english and irish accents but somehow less comprehensible than either . 
  god that youtube video . 
  that might be up some people 's street but for me that was the more annoying tirade of lame jokes and forced zaniness ever . 
  why ? 
  are n't they just a fan of the white meat ? 
  to be fair , that poem is about phonology and not grammar , which is equally arbitrary but that poem does n't demonstrate it . 
  i worked with the owners son once because i was friends with him , we we 're basically everyone 's bitch and the owner encouraged the whole site to give us shit . 
  we actually passed the trial by fire just fine after multiple time we were given jobs that usually would have taken four guys between the two of us . 
  still , i only lasted 3 months in the job since i was n't going to keep carrying bricks when cushy office work ( albeit lower paid ) was available . 
  ah yes , unions are always the cause of unnecessary firings ... / s, 
  weird that . 
  i read german well but my speaking is well below the level i read at . 
  she must have learned entirely from people rather than books . 
  depends if you try to start the car with it in or not . 
  when i was working in a kitchen all the chefs were coke heads . 
  they all worked double shifts virtually every day . 
  by the law in the uk you are limited in how long a shift can be , but this can be extended if you have a 3 hour break so for most of them it was open for breakfast , work until the afternoon lull , go home and rest for 3 hours and then work through the evening until about 11 pm . 
  they took coke and drank every day after work . 
  one of the duties we were given was `` go to buy us some weed from someone you know i do n't care who '' ( while still getting paid of course ) . 
  since we were like 17 with tonnes of weed connections and they were all in their early 30s and did n't know where to get shit like that . 
  the other job was `` go to the pub and buy 2 rounds of drinks and wait for us to finish because it 's last orders in 10 minutes '' . 
  sometimes we waited up to an hour for them to get there only to get given shit because the drinks were getting flat . 
  to be fair they were all a bit cunty but what else do you expect from a bunch of fat balding coke heads approaching middle age who do nothing but work and moan about paying child support . 
  annoyingly most of the time when it was n't too busy and they could get away before the 11 pm last orders in the pub they 'd just drop everything and leave me and my mate to clean the whole damn kitchen . 
  thankfully we 'd get our revenge on them for this by stealing the desserts , going for about 4 smoke breaks and taking our time so that we 'd get another hour or so 's pay out of it . 
  it 's amazing how much of the uk economy is fuelled by drug abuse , i honestly think there 's a large number of people who are only driven to work their arse off every day just to fund their coke habits , and the irony of a coke habit like that is that you can use the drug to stay energised enough to work without being too intoxicated by taking little bumps throughout the day and it wo n't give you a hangover the next morning ruining your efficiency , in fact it can actually neutralise the mild hangover you would 've had provided you do n't over do the booze side of things . 
  most have some level of english , that does n't mean that all speak amazing english . 
  if you want to communicate like an adult with everyone then you have to learn german in germany . 
  young people tend to have a decent level of fluency , students especially since a high level of english is a requirement of virtually any course , being better than middle aged people who vary from completely fluent to pretty basic with a fair few at the basic end of the scale , old people often only know a few basic words and are n't keen to practice . 
  films are still dubbed into german here , and i would say that 50 % at least would struggle with the level of english contained in most films which naturally will include accents and regionalism , very few characters portrayed in films will speak like newsreaders . 
  all in all germany is quite a good country when it comes to english , you can definitely get by with limited german , especially as they are used to foreigners coming from non-english speaking countries and speaking somewhat broken german for the first few years . 
  some people get by with no german at all but they 're making life difficult for themselves . 
  it 's definitely better than places like france and italy , but not as good as places like the netherlands , denmark , sweden and such because these countries have such small populations that nobody except permanent immigrants are expected to learn the language . 
  however there are 80 million people in germany , and 100 million + german speakers when you include austria , switzerland , and that little part of belgium . 
  this means that a german can get by quite well without knowledge or good knowledge of english , doing business purely within the german speaking world . 
  while a dutch person will struggle to do anything more than a menial job if he 's not at least semi-fluent in english and preferably more languages , as almost nobody outside of the netherlands and the flemish part of belgium is going to learn dutch . 
  what can i say we 're a nation who loves to get high . 
  then again , we 're also a nation of hypocrites so we do n't have a sensible drugs policy . 
  the ness of being zany !, 
  remember that last time foreign power ( s ) tried to occupy areas of , and fiscally dominate a major european power ? 
  oh yeh , that was a big factor of what ww2 was about in the first place ... 
  i already know what that video will be without clicking it . 
  virtually all old names changes depending on language . 
  william willem , wilhelm and so on . 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  nuclear energy does not contribute to climate change directly like fossil fuels do . 
  that is why it 's clean . 
  radioactive waste is an entirely different dilemma ... however we are not suffering from from potential world destroying climate change due to storing radioactive waste . 
  why do n't you go away and work on your english comprehension . 
   germans really do shit themselves at the concept of nuclear energy , ironically a far cleaner source of energy than the coal the country sells in large quantities . 
  i did n't at any point even use the phrase `` clean nuclear energy '' . 
  nor does what i wrote entail that the german public fear nuclear energy because it is clean ... 
  everyone loves to hate business students , they take themselves so seriously , dressing to impress , rushing in an out of lectures like they desperately needed to be somewhere else , flashing their macbooks and ipads pretending to be working while drinking coffee to show how good they are at time management . 
  funny how you never see doctors going to lectures wearing scrubs or white coats unless they actually need to be , even law students will occasionally wear joggers ... 
  dear god , you think chernobyl is in germany . 
  god help you son . 
  if only ecstasy was just mdma and speed . 
  ai n't nothing wrong with that , plenty people will take those two together on purpose ( although by speed i do n't mean meth ) . 
  most of what is sold as molly is at best mephedrone ( mcat , meow meow , whatever you call it ) and at worst some fucked up research chem that will fuck you up in the most fucked up of ways . 
  you just said germany had to deal with the tragic after effects of the nuclear disaster ( well actually you wrote `` with the after effects tragic nuclear disaster '' but i take it that 's what you 'd have written if you were n't yet to master elementary english ) . 
  please tell me how germany had to deal with tragic after effects ? 
  were babies being born deformed because of the radiation from chernobyl in germany ? 
  on no ... that was ukraine . 
  germany is about 700 miles away from chernobyl at its nearest point , and over 1000 miles at its farthest . 
  that 's like saying shanghai had to deal with the tragic after effects of the bomb at hiroshima . 
  i think you 're the one who needs to familiarise himself with a map ... 
  ah yes . 
  good argument ... 
  except for the fact that germany suffered no more from the nuclear disaster at chernobyl than anywhere else in europe . 
  in fact they suffered far less than many countries situated geographically closer to ukraine . 
  virtually all of which still utilise nuclear power and do n't have a public mindset that 's vehemently against it . 
  furthermore i 'd like you to explain how a fractional increase in the number of down syndrome children born over two years constitutes tragic after effects ? 
  there were children in ukraine being born without skin , and you describe an increase from 1.35 - 1.59 per 1000 to 2.11 as a tragic after effect . 
  perhaps its the loss of some livestock that were going to be slaughtered and eaten anyway that 's so tragic ? 
  you sir are a fucking idiot . 
  you are suffering from a serious case of dunning-kruger effect i 'm afraid . 
  firstly , you misquote me , saying that i 've claimed that germans fear `` clean nuclear energy '' . 
  when i said that germans fear nuclear energy and that it 's clean , both of which are perfectly true statements . 
  then you claim that germany had to deal with the tragic after effects of chernobyl , when 1 ) the impact on germany from chernobyl was minor and no more significant than most of western europe and a hell of a lot less significant than many other european nations 2 ) the impact on germany hardly constitutes tragic ( a few hundred more people with down syndrome over the course of two years out of hundreds of thousands of births and some livestock that had to be destroyed rather than eaten ) . 
  so essentially you 've just spat out a completely false statement . 
  not only is it false , but it completely fails to address the point i originally raised , which was that german anxiety around nuclear is artificially high since its demonised to detract attention away from their fossil fuel industries . 
  please look for the part where i 've said that nuclear energy is just bloody brilliant , absolutely safe , entirely without risk and should be used by everyone without fear ? 
  where did i say that ? 
  in fact where is the part of my argument that even assumes that i am pro-nuclear energy ? 
  being more against one thing than the other thing does not entail you are pro the other thing , it simply states that your priority is being against the former rather than the latter . 
  being more against murder than car theft does not mean that you are pro car theft .
