   irish-american here, 
  stopped reading ... 
  not so often cars though , because what is an ordinary person do with a stolen car ? 
  you ca n't hide it away like a typical klepto . 
  the only reason i could see is to joyride it , i do n't know many successful joyriders . 
  written *, 
  * rudimentary english, 
  you do n't see many american cars in the uk . 
  even the fords are made in germany . 
  the only ones are the classic collectibles bought by american car enthusiasts . 
  even amongst car enthusiasts , most will buy british or european . 
  occasionally you 'll see a muscle car and it sticks out like a sore thumb because they 're so big and in your face . 
  no he 's english , learn your accents . 
  i correct you . 
  such euphoria : o, 
  no there is n't , that is a north east london twang , not an aussie twang, 
  yes we all know you 're autistic, 
  so you ruined a perfectly good title with your dated juvenile wannabe cool south park reference ? 
  good jarb !, 
  you 're just so random !, 
  fact is the majority of people downvoting you know the reference , we just think you 're lame for using it . 
  no there is n't , you 're wrong . 
   or maybe the australians sound like he does because he 's from a certain part of england where people sound australian, 
  i think you mean `` the australians sound like he does because he 's from a certain part of england that people from australia sound like ... '', 
  he wo n't get out of prison until he 's ready to go into an old people 's home . 
  honestly he would n't be safe in the general population . 
  nobody thought you were serious , we just thought the joke was bad and inappropriate . 
  america always feels super weird to me . 
  the way the society is so centred on commerce . 
  many cities feel like big open wastelands of shops and malls . 
  you have to drive everywhere . 
  if you 're hanging out with wealthy americans it feels very rarefied , a big division between rich americans and the average man on the street . 
  people in the shops creep me out with their eagerness to help . 
  it just feels demeaning the lengths people are expected to go for money . 
  america just has a different attitude to capitalism , they seem fine with it , whilst in europe it 's more of a necessary evil , do your job but you do n't have to like it . 
  even the culture seems to revolve so much around popular culture , television and film . 
  americans seem to be able to talk forever comparing which restaurants they 've eaten at , which shops they 've frequented and which tv and film entertainment they 've consumed . 
  it does feel like american culture consists principally of these things , they are the binding glue of the people living in the country rather than some ideal of national character . 
  like being in a multi-million dollar mega church there 's something unnerving about the us , especially the west , in the way it represents shameless commercialism and modernity . 
  to be fair in germany you need a bloody prescription for everything . 
  when you think about it the whole american national identity stems from comparing itself to europe . 
  you 've got to remember that for much of us history america was a backwater compared to europe . 
  it 's only in the last a bit over one hundred years that the us has been comparable in terms of development and industry . 
  it 's just american to be defensive against europeans and to espouse american virtues over european ones . 
  indeed it could be argued that america would n't be the economic power that it is if it were n't for the drive to compete with europe . 
  it 's maize god damn it . 
  that the food is bad . 
  a myth spread by american gis living in war time britain that was under strict rationing . 
  i mean how many british chefs are there , lots !, 
  i thought the us was too diverse for that ? 
  no everyone . 
  what a fucking idiot . 
  i 'm sorry but it 's beer not heroin . 
  you basically just threw away 5 million because of some dated puritanical attitude towards alcohol . 
  subsidises * amongst * sounds like shit british yankophiles say ... 
  there 's a difference between alcohol abuse , moderate use , and teetotal . 
  why would you want to protect kids from alcohol advertising . 
  eating too much beef can be bad for you but you wo n't protect kids from beef advertising . 
  weird how taboo alcohol is in the us . 
  correlation is a big factor . 
  those negatively affected by cannabis are far outweighed by the people who are n't . 
  if it were legal that would n't mean it would be promoted and thought harmless , but like alcohol the harms would be much better understood . 
  that is one fucked up way of thinking . 
  firstly there 's no reason to think long term use would increase at all . 
  studies show legalisation tends to decrease use . 
  secondly your experience has no scientific grounds . 
  cannabis does not cause poor mental health . 
  arguably the mentally ill would be worse affected if they were drinking rather than smoking weed . 
  finally money would be made from tax that could easily pay for treatment of users twice over . 
  your opinion just has no grounds whatsoever i 'm afraid . 
  it 's your argument that does n't make sense . 
  saying things like `` it 's pretty obvious there is a link to cannabis and mental health '' is ridiculous , it 's not , as you seem to believe , putting `` two and two together '' . 
  if it were obvious there would n't be so much research into its behaviour with the body , both positive and negative , going on currently . 
  there is a some relationship between cannabis usage and people with a predisposed disposition to mental illness , that 's about all we know . 
  however we find this relationship with virtually all psychoactive drugs . 
  alcohol has been shown have all these same relationships . 
  furthermore when all the information is compared cannabis is shown be a very low harm substance overall in terms of the number of people negatively affected , much lower than alcohol and other illegal drugs . 
  you say two wrongs do n't make a right , obviously not , but you should start from the assumption that substance abuse is not something we can make disappear . 
  it makes sense to make low harm substances available so hopefully those who are drawn to substances abuse will mostly turn lower harm substances , there is also a relationship between mental health and substance abuse generally fyi . 
  furthermore you 're the one who is naive , and also pretty dogmatic imo . 
  there is no reason to assume cannabis legalisation would strain the mental health services . 
  there 's not even reason to believe that cannabis usage would increase , like i said usage seems to actually decrease in countries that implement legalisation . 
  it could also be that legalisation effectively saved the mental health services money by decreasing costs spent on treating those afflicted with mental health issues related to alternative substances ( e.g. 
  spice and other legal highs ) . 
  finally even if mental health services did receive increased strain due to cannabis legalisation , a tax on a regulated cannabis industry would raise revenue in the hundreds of millions which the government could use to respond to that strain . 
  there would also be a massive amount of government spending saved that is currently spent on keeping cannabis illegal , in the police , justice system , and prison system for example . 
  you act like every other cannabis user would suffer long term mental health issues which is absurd , if anything is certain it 's that the money made from the industry would no doubt outweigh the cost in taxes on the medical side . 
  remember that people are already using cannabis , so that when looking at the `` cost '' of legalisation you can only look at the change in usage patterns . 
  the facts are : there 's no reason to think there 'll be a change , if patterns do change then we do n't know how - could be better , could be worse , if there is a change for the worse we do n't know it 's magnitude so it might be insignificant , and even if it 's not insignificant it can almost certainly be paid for with the revenues received from legalisation . 
  there are literally no good reasons to not legalise cannabis because regardless of whether you love it and want it legal everywhere or want to see it 's usage eradicated , legalisation is still the best chance you have to achieve your goals . 
  what 's so naive about your little `` stove '' analogy is that it assumes our hand ( or at least the vast majority of our hand ) is n't already in the fire . 
  in the uk they 're called nothing whatsoever , because i 've never even seen a raccoon . 
  alcoholism combined with the desire to fight when drunk . 
  your language ? 
  what 's funny is that many british people would be hard pushed not to find at least one irish grandparent or great grandparent , certainly around industrial cities like birmingham , manchester and liverpool , yet people do n't claim to be irish-british . 
  nope does n't work like that , the clue is in the name : english !, 
  so much salt !, 
  you just mad jels because you 're an irrelevant empire . 
  the sun never sets on our relevancy !, 
  body shaming = prejudice + low bmi , fat people ca n't body shame !,
