  and the vision that was planted in my brain , still remains, 
  i could never touch type in the prescribed * fashion , i ca n't use my little fingers for anything but shift clicking , and my left hand naturally hovers over wad and wo n't go anywhere else thanks to gaming :( still can type at 80 wpm without looking at the keyboard so it 's hardly a problem . 
  switch off ? 
  who says this ? 
  switch over surely . 
  this happens , i used to be able to play wow for 6 hours and love every second . 
  then for a long time it was just a habit i was pouring time into to avoid doing anything else . 
  then i was like fuck wow i 'll just play dayz and work through single player games on steam . 
  now i ca n't even be arsed to play games most of the time , most of them are too much effort . 
  i quit games for months too lazy to play . 
  now after a few months abstinence i 'm able to play some games casually like gta but i do n't know if i 'll ever regain that ability to concentrate like before ;(, 
  meant prescribed obviously ( and here was i thinking someone had provided an interesting and erudite response to something i 'd said :( ), 
  as my recent purchase of metro last light and all the hitman games will attest . 
  damn sales . 
  to suggest some negatives , from what young swedish friends of mine who want to do things have told me , bureaucracy and relatively high taxes on small businesses . 
  i know one guy from a small mining town who has a decent paying job for life working in mining , but he hates it and wants to move to a city and do something more interesting . 
  however he 's not qualified to do a lot of things since his only qualification is relevant to his work , and because of a restrictive qualification system it 's hard to change what he 's doing , even to jobs that would really only require a good line in blag and a creative cv in other countries . 
  he could go back to school and it would n't be expensive but he 's already in his late 20 's and would have walk away from a secure well paying job . 
  he 's considering moving to germany or the uk and his parents ca n't understand why he 'd walk away from the security he has . 
  i also know a girl who runs her own online shop . 
  the laws in sweden really hinder a tiny business like this , loads of rules on export and import from outside the eu ( most of the products come from china ) , she 's had trouble with the import authorities generally being unaware of chinese bulk prices and detaining stuff , mistaking yuan for krona sometimes , also she has to pay tax at a ridiculously low turnover threshold ( something like 2000 euros ) whereas in many countries it would be 5 times that . 
  this said i 'm sure that the price of these drawbacks is worth it for the free education , good social care etc , but sometimes certain gains mean losses elsewhere . 
  so is vast swathes of america though ? 
  well as a brit i would say i think most people in the uk think amanda knox is definitely guilty to some degree , even if she was not the main perpetrator . 
  generally the mixed blood is considered valid evidence here and not the product of simple contamination . 
  to quote [ the independent ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/comment/its-not-right-to-say-there-is-no-evidence-in-the-case-against-amanda-knox-theres-plenty-9099649.html ), 
   second -- the mixed stain . 
  although not visible to the naked eye , the chemical luminol which flashes blue on contact with blood revealed a spot in the room of the flatmate whose window had been smashed and room rifled . 
  swabbing the spot produced a mixture of amanda and meredith 's dna . 
  this is a clear proof that the murderer entered that bedroom after the murder , as someone must have brought meredith 's blood into the room , contradicting the defence theory that rudy guede broke into the house and then committed the murder . 
  the usual defence explanation for mixed dna stains in the bathroom and corridor , namely that the house would have been coated in amanda 's dna given that she lived there , does not necessarily apply to a flatmate 's bedroom . 
  it is much harder to leave traces of dna than is commonly conceived , and hardly any of amanda 's dna was found in her own room - where she surely spent a lot more time than in her flatmate 's . 
  there was a [ documentary on british tv ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jozv0xarmva ) produced by the bbc recently providing support for the belief that amanda know is not as innocent as many members of the us public seem to assume . 
  it 's worth a watch in my opinion . 
  i think most brits are extremely disappointed with both the italian handling of the investigation and also the us media and public 's reaction to the incident . 
  it feels like italy did a typically slack job with handling the case , but also the way the us seems to rush to defend its own in such a self-righteous and patriotic fashion , dismissing the italian investigation too strongly . 
  it feels like nationalistic pride got in the way of a fair and considered public reaction . 
  none of this means amanda knox was guilty , however it 's disappointing to see way people reacted . 
  italy is still a relatively wealthy developed nation and it would be nice to see some more respect and faith given to non-anglophonic nations by the average us citizen . 
  people calling italy `` the mexico '' of europe in this thread is really indicative of the type of anti-european sentiment displayed by some in the us . 
  the documentary linked above alone should how the level of detail that the italian authorities put into the case , computer reconstruction etc. 
  as a brit i can only say that i find the us justice system equally terrifying as the italian one . 
  the uk clown car system ? 
  the legal system upon which the us system was based ? 
  really now i do n't think you know what you 're talking about . 
  enjoy taking your plea bargain or having the maximum sentence enforced . 
  please take a look at [ this ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/spl/hi/uk/06/prisons/html/nn2page1.stm ), 
  oh look , a peek at your post history shows it 's full of almost nothing but europe and democrat bashing . 
  i think it 's clear who 's the one with a deep seated insecurity . 
  nice , was expecting tree fiddy ... 
  descendants * lol, 
  aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhh !!, 
  forgive me if i 'm not so readily believing a youtuber who spells prosecution `` prosuction '', 
  is it me or are a lot of southerners just willfully poor linguists ? 
  same when i watched der untergang, 
  weird , weed is more expensive in the big bad usa than in merry old england ? 
  how does that make sense . 
  i can safely say this video had no impact on my apathetic attitude towards her, 
  relevant username, 
  i think the answer really depends on how much running you intend to do . 
  if you 're just going to do 2-3km 1-3 times a week you do n't really need good ones , just some well padded trainers . 
  if you want to do really long distances it 's worth paying for some proper running shoes . 
  simplest reason - not enough new social interactions . 
  have only a few friends i see , usually doing the same old things , almost never meeting new people . 
  also the last girl i finished with a few months ago was actually insane , used me as her support guy , tried to make me think we had more than we did but would go out and sleep with guys behind my back and then lie about it . 
  not with decent guys either , sleeping with real scumbags , some of them would sleep with her then steal her phone or stuff from her flat . 
  broke up when i got angry with her about the danger she was putting herself in and the pain it was causing me . 
  still scares me knowing she 's out there getting involved with such low lives but moved past it now . 
  still has put me on the defensive when it comes to new relationships , not that i 've really got the opportunity anyway . 
  how did you come up with the accent for tyrion ? 
  i must say it 's one of the more unique accents on the programme . 
  is there any special direction about how you should speak ? 
  tyrion always says last and past , rather than larst and parst , but you call sansa - sarnsa , whilst the northerners call her sansa . 
  any reason for this ? 
  are you given special direction regarding how people in different area 's of westeros speak ? 
  dangerously promiscuous disturbed bipolar user, 
  i want moar !, 
  i do n't know why people are down voting you . 
  the west midlands can be quite a rough area at times , but not necessarily the worst . 
  it really depends whereabouts you 'll be staying . 
  a large portion of the west midlands is birmingham so i 'm guessing you 'll be staying there . 
  the thing is you have no reason go to those bad areas since they 're primarily residential areas outside of town . 
  during the day almost everywhere is safe enough . 
  unless you 're staying in a rough area then the only reason i can see someone needing to go out at night is going to the shops to travelling on public transport . 
  i recommend checking out moseley village for an evening , usually is a good night out . 
  i think your problem is more psychological than anything . 
  there 's always been drunks out on evening around closing time . 
  it no more dangerous than it 's ever been , it 's merely that nowadays people are forced to confront these realities through media . 
  home breaking is certainly less profitable and common than it was in the thatcher era and early 90s . 
  do n't let the perceived danger influence your day to day life . 
  why do you skip when my baby kisses meee ? 
  if the uk left the eu it would be nothing more than the appeasement of a bunch of xenophobic unthinking past worshiping pricks . 
  there are times this makes sense imo . 
  like in interpersonal relationships . 
  but due to the generality of the statement it just comes across as `` fuck the poor '', 
  go be persecuted elsewhere, 
  because when you strip away the finery and perceived quaintness of british culture there is a deeply repressed violent beast waiting to be let out ? 
  for every effete posh brit there 's a few hundred aggressive larger louts who 'll punch your face in for giving them a cross word . 
  it 's just the nature of the feudal system . 
  it 's a bit of a race to the bottom , i do n't think most of these lads really would rape or want to fight anyone , but there 's definitely a real pressure in the uk for young middle classes kids to project themselves in a way that would be typically thought as below their social class .
