  by normal americans i mean majority that do n't go around saying `` america is the greatest country in the world '' or `` we saved europes ass in ww2 '' , as is so often quoted all over reddit . 
  the ones that are happy to be realistic about their country and do n't spout shit about america versus the rest of the world constantly . 
  if you ca n't see this then you may be blinded by nationalism yourself . 
  look at the threads on there right now , one is some guy asking when australia celebrates july 4th , another is about an american politician who is claiming the uk has areas you ca n't go to unless you 're muslim and the police wo n't go to , another is claiming that european governments commit worse acts than what happened in guantanamo bay with no evidence whatsoever , another is claiming that retired baseball/tennis players would be able to beat top international cricket teams with 6 months practice ( cricket is the 2nd biggest sport in the world after football ( association ) ) , another is saying that britain is americas bitch and claiming to have saved europe from the nazis . 
  do you agree with any of these positions ? 
  if not then you 're in the clear , you 're not a braindead nationalistic american which the target of the subreddit . 
  i post on there because it 's funny and it 's not to have somewhere to let off steam about the pro-american circlejerking that 's prevalent on reddit with the majority of users being american . 
  also if any country makes a good action then people will copy it , the implication of the original post that whatever america does people will copy , trust me nobody is copying america because it 's a america . 
  maybe a few posters fall into hatred , but only a few . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't agree with you that it 's anything like as distasteful as mocking an ethnic group . 
  the truth is that the type of ignorance highlighted is very common on reddit , is it any surprise that people are angered and infuriated by it , some falling into hatred . 
  i wo n't deny i think america is a sick society where ignorance , anti-intellectualism and far right politics are given way too much credence , i ca n't help but think this . 
  i really do n't think many are hating america 's people as a whole , no more than we hate germany 's people for ww2 generations ago , nobody is generalising to that extent , but they see americans saying ignorant things on reddit more frequently than other nationalities , and this is there place to vent . 
  of course they do n't . 
  if the us military has something good people will copy it , if it 's bad they wo n't . 
  nobody wants to copy the us military just because they 're the us military . 
  actually a historically not a very successful military . 
  the ussr was not generally included in most people 's definition of europe , although part of its territory is included in europe geographically , most of it is n't . 
  there absolutely is pro-american circlejerking on reddit , just being liberal does mean people are `` anti-american '' , just go on the fox news thread about the paris mayor wanting to sue fox news and see how half the comments are `` lol how is a foreign country going to sue an american company '' and `` butthurt frogs ca n't handle freedom of speech '' and so forth . 
  open your eyes , just because you have the occasional anti-right wing america bashing thread does n't mean there are n't plenty of pro-america circlejerks too . 
  one can be both a democrat and a nationalist . 
  actually not more successful than any other english speaking country . 
  additionally the very point of this entire shitty thread was that america could change its camouflage and everyone would follow like lemmings regardless of the quality of the camouflage . 
  you are a moron . 
  what 's the point . 
  nobody considers russia within europe as a nation . 
  only partially geographically . 
  their government is in noway included in the european nations . 
  it has been that way since the foundation of the ussr . 
  it 's utterly retarded to do so , but you 've obviously decided in you sanctimonious neckbearded fashioned that i 'm wrong . 
  so why argue . 
  turkey is not included within the european nations either . 
  i mean for fuck 's sake this is truly basic shit . 
  there are a number of ways a foreign country can take a foreign company to court in their own country or america . 
  again basic . 
  slander and libel and not covered in freedom of speech , again this is basic . 
  finally the pro america circlejerk is not few and far between , it 's all over reddit which is totally skewed towards an american liberal outlook , which virtually passes as right wing in other parts of the world . 
  nothing else to say . 
  oh fuck off and grow a set . 
  nobody is making them work in that environment . 
  there 's not beating each other to death , it 's mostly threats and slaps . 
  what you 're asking is like saying we need to make the military a nice friendly unthreatening place , that 's not how it works, 
  excellent work . 
  a serious depiction of the horrors of war . 
  not at all glorifying war but at the same time giving an aesthetic sense of what it must be like out there . 
  well done, 
  i reckon the incidents of real violence are pretty rare . 
  if you want to be the best at anything you have to take it seriously . 
  nor is it as mentally demanding as the military . 
  i think people are overreacting to this , you 'll also find olympic gymnasts , world class musicians all have a culture of not coddling each other and pushing to be the best . 
  no need for caps brah . 
  i 'm sorry but if you ca n't tell the difference between geography and politics then you should go back to school . 
  russia is partially in europe the continent yes , partially , and geographically , but when people talk about the european nations they are not talking about russia for christ 's sake , like i said , it 's basic stuff . 
  russia is the second world , it has always been considered politically distinct from what we call europe . 
  but well done you 've learnt something new today . 
  everyone know [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe#mediaviewer/file:europe_asia_transcontinental.png ) the part in green is what we mean when we talk about europe in a political sense . 
  the american hipster outlook might have a hard on for some aspects of european socialism , but in other ways they 're still wildly nationalist and libertarian as well . 
  there are plenty of pro-america circlejerks , as well as a fair few right wing americans on this site , open your eyes to it and you 'll see it everywhere . 
  anyway this is going nowhere . 
  no because russia is a transcontinental country , it 's not just in europe , slovakia is entirely in europe . 
  if we want to exclude the eastern bloc we say western europe . 
  what you are saying is about as retarded as including russia in all statements about asia . 
  when people say the asian economies are doing well it does not mean russia , same when people say the european economy is doing well . 
  get it together , you ca n't just pick and use what rules to follow ( geographic , political ) etc. 
  to suit you agenda , which is exactly what you 're doing . 
  sounds cockney to my ears . 
  did n't realise dick van dyke was so good at killing space aliens . 
  it 's not in americas interests for that to happen . 
  they 've been a major barrier to the formation of an eu military since forever . 
  i 'm sorry but your nation is buying political hard power with your tax money . 
  if you were more supportive of eu remilitarisation and cut back spending then naturally europe would fund more military resources . 
  the us politicians ( not the taxpayer ) does not want that to happen . 
  the us also overspends in regards the political climate . 
  even when their is no major opponents ( russia is not a serious threat no matter what fox news says ) , then military spending should n't be as high as it is in the us . 
  even if the us slashed military funding it 's unlikely the eu would spend as much as before , but the us wants to be the superpower , it 's your choice , not ours . 
  no he has a standard upper class voice . 
  would sound the same if he were straight . 
  the spoken word *, 
  people like easy answers . 
  thus we have this new wave of mediocre celebrity minds playing the public relations to science game . 
  dawkins does n't even address theology or anything . 
  he just shove a bunch of anecdotal stuff like cargo cults at us , says he 's an atheist ( as if that were so very controversial in most the developed world ) , get a round of a applause from a legion of edgey , stem grad worshipping , fedora tippers , and then picks up the heavy cheque for public appearances . 
  or you know , people who 've dedicated their lives to the academic study of consciousness . 
  perhaps it would be better to ask david chalmers or someone rather than some celebrity public faces ? 
  it 's not like philosophers can use the scientific method . 
  nor is it like most philosophers are at odds with science . 
  in fact studies in the philosophy of mind are very close to scientific investigations into consciousness . 
  when scientists in this field come to an impasse they often look to philosophy for new ways of envisioning problems that could lead to fertile modes of research . 
  for example the philosophical concept of supervenience led to whole different approaches to the problem of consciousness in a very real sense . 
  how long til someone posts `` omg i will never understand cricket ! 1 '' or `` you need to be raised drinking tea to get this ! 11 '' . 
  here is a pre-emptive [ explanation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hebol09acww ), 
  see that is wrong for me . 
  it should be quest-tyun . 
  the sound is noticeably different from the - ch in church if quite similar . 
  some goes for words like tune , which should be pronounced tyune , rather than toon or choon . 
  also words words like dew and endure . 
  endure = end-dyure , not en-door or en-dure or en-dyoor . 
  i do n't really hate people for their pronunciation , i realise how silly that is , but still there is a tiny part of me that is niggled by the way people pronounce stuff that i ca n't control . 
  what if they 're writing a different form of english than you are ? 
  i still feel upset when i see words like `` traveling '' and `` harbor '',
