  when i call my energy provider all the phone calls are logged and recorded anyway . 
   even more weird . 
  how is it weird ? 
  it 's been like this forever . 
  living in both the uk and germany i 've never needed to write a damn letter , as a small business owner i 've never need to write a letter . 
  as a free lance worker i 've never needed to write a letter . 
  where the hell are you based anyway ? 
  my business is in the uk . 
  but i live in germany working as a free lancer . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're just living in a dream . 
  if you sign up for insurance / phone contract , you arrange a direct debit , the need for a contract is barely necessary since if you fail to pay it you 'll get black marked by your bank , the company , and they 'll cancel the service . 
  wave your credit rating goodbye . 
  if they need a contract they 'll mail you a contract with a return envelope or fax number + code like ard zdf do . 
  i 'm afraid i 've got accounts with stadtparkasse , o2 germany , dealt with my rentenversicherung , krankenversicherung . 
  never needed to write my own damn letter , barely needed to even use the post here . 
  i 'm afraid you sound like a typical german , living in the past in all matters legal and financial , if you want to do it that way fine , but see how well the courts treat you when you try and go up against deutsche bank or telefonica over a lack of a piece of paper . 
  welcome to the 21st century . 
  pretty sure it is . 
  ergh you 're just being awkward . 
  this isnt about signatures it 's about writing letters . 
  getting a piece of paper and sending it back . 
  is n't the same . 
  if i cancel my rental he 'll send me the letter or i can pop into the agency and get it from them there and i 'll sign . 
  if you fail to make a direct debit it does affect your bank so they do care . 
  no cheques but no damn credit , service orientated banking , quaint notions about signatures and so forth abound . 
  what you 're failing to realise is most people spend their whole lives dealing with gigantic companies that they trust have no incentive to jusy rip them off . 
  taxes and corporations is a matter of filling in forms and sending them back via fax or post . 
  that 's not the same as writing a letter . 
  if i want information ill email , if we need a signature itll be a form . 
  nobody needs to compose their own shit anymore , that 's just you , the rest of us trust email for our corrcorrespondence and just mail forms back and forth when we have to , many germans included . 
  actually if you look at the stats british is the 2nd most populous ethnicity in the us . 
  german leading by only 2 % , and the stats have been dropping over years . 
  notice i did n't claim britain was the biggest nationality either , merely that it 's underrepresented , despite suspicions that is probably is the largest . 
  furthermore 8/10 surnames in america are of british origin ( england , wales , scotland , northern ireland ) , so no most of them are n't of german origin . 
  as recently as 1980 26 % of the us identified as english , never mind british . 
  studies that do n't use self-identification , but rather ancestral records , estimate that realistically 23.3 % of the population is of british origin . 
  which is probably the largest group , followed closely by german . 
  yes , you are correct in thinking their were large numbers of germans the early days , but their were even more british . 
  in 1790 62 % were british on the census , and only 7 % german . 
   why would n't you just write a letter ? 
  actually why would your landlord send you a letter so that it is easier for you to cancel ? 
  i would laugh in their face if one of my tenants would even ask me that . 
  now that 's fucked up . 
  seriously that 's messed up attitude . 
  i 've never had a landlord in my life that would refuse such a normal civil request . 
  what to do you intend ? 
  to prolong their agreement somehow ? 
  i 'd laugh in the face of a landlord that was so pathetic and never do business with them again or recommend them to anyone . 
   no , the bank does not care at all . 
  in any way . 
  they will charge the fee for failed direct debits , to the one that wanted the money , and that 's it . 
  a part from the fact failed direct debit will affect your internal credit rating with your bank . 
  so the evidently do care . 
   not sure what that is supposed to mean . 
  the banks here are massively conservative . 
  open account in other countries and get 500 euros interest free credit for 6 months , open an account in germany and pay 10 euros for the privilege and 5 euros for the card . 
   buying stuff on credit is usually a bad idea anyway . 
  if you 're german and literally equate debt with shame , in the rest of the world the only bad credit is the credit you ca n't afford . 
  for the responsible credit is nothing more than a very useful option to have . 
   i 'll grant you that . 
  but sometimes the finanzamt has questions and requires you to ... answer them . 
  they are a bunch of pricks but they do have email , website faqs , even ones in english . 
  i lost my steuernummer and i did n't even have to send an email , it was an automated online form , even if it was pretty basic . 
  it seems digitalised government institutions is one that that , god forbid , the british government does more efficiently than the german , and it 's not like i get to say that everyday . 
   you literally live in some weird wonderland that seems just like you want it . 
  how do i ? 
  why would i lie , i have literally never composed my own letter in my life for any official reason , it 's never been necessary . 
  i have my landlord on his mobile , my bank is a brisk stroll down the road . 
   wherever that may be . 
  that hi-tech corner of germany we call bavaria ? 
  yeah that 's why you give us millions in taxes to come see our `` outmoded '' institutions that preserve our history and earn hundreds of millions in tourist pounds every year . 
  of course you can all idolise the founding fathers instead and their love of tax breaks . 
  did you know once upon a time sheriffs would put black people in prison for looking at white women the wrong way . 
  therefore every sheriff in america is a racist proponent of an outmoded system that perpetuates racism . 
  so glad i live in a country where we do n't spend taxpayer 's money on people who belong to an inherently racist institution by virtue of the world `` sheriff '' . 
  when will americans learn that this is not ok . 
  no , although i do n't have the precise conversion . 
  board at an eton boarding house was mere pennies , not even sure education cost anything in those days but if it did it was again pennies . 
  it was ran like a real charity but until around the mid - 20th century . 
  i 'm not making this up , go look at the [ wikipedia article on british ancestry ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_american ) . 
  there 's been a 10 % drop in people claiming british ancestry since the 1980s ( 26 % claimed english ancestry in 1980 , putting combined british : english , welsh , scottish , ulster-irish well above 30 % ) , i doubt there 's been a mass wave of german or other nationality immigration in the last 30 years . 
  the information you are quoting is from the census and it was based on what americans claim they identify as , which is very different to what the actual nationalities of their ancestors are . 
  in fact that 's exactly the point i 'm making , less and less people in the us are identifying as british americans . 
  any study that goes off what people claim to be is undoubtedly false when it comes to true heritage . 
  20 million english-americans have flat out disappeared between 1980-2000 , did you guys have some kind of genocide ? 
  of course not , it 's to do with more identifying as solely american and the drop in prestige in being of british protestant stock and the removal of taboos in regard to considering yourself being of german or of irish catholic stock , when the truth is most likely somewhere in the middle . 
   are you effing mad ? 
  that 's not a normal request . 
  why would i be required in any way to help you with anything ? 
  wow that 's a fucked up world you must live in there buddy . 
  not to mention the fact your tenant is paying your hundreds of euros to live there . 
  you must have been raised by assholes if you ca n't spare two minutes to assist people you have a business relationship with . 
   i do n't intend anything , but i 'm certainly not doing their work for them . 
  wow this is just so german customer service in a nutshell , some guy pays you for a flat for months maybe years and you wo n't be remotely helpful . 
  no wonder you 're so legally anal about contracts and stuff , you 're assuming everyone is like you and looking to get one over on you at every corner . 
  you know i 've never needed to invoke a contract ever , that 's probably because i have a healthy working relationship with people i work with so do n't need to go getting pedantic . 
  hell my current landlord fixed shit for me he was n't even contractually obliged to like curtains because he 's a cool guy and i 'll drink a beer with him if he has to come round . 
   never had that happen or heard about that from anyone . 
  as if that were important anyway , but maybe . 
  only if you want an overdraft facility i guess .
