  two factors at play , women are forcibly kept virgins until their wedding day , there 's less opportunity for young men to sexually express themselves until they 're married , which might lead them to want to fuck something else that is n't their their own hand and pretend it 's a woman . 
  this might lead them to choose boys because they 're more similar to women in various physical respects . 
  since they are n't what we 'd typically call homosexuals i.e people who are sexually attracted to men but to women , boys simply might be the most female like thing they can get their hands on . 
  additionally in societies that see women as lesser , fucking a man/boy might be seen as preferable for being seen as more noble , purer , less dirty , whatever attributes the society imposes on women . 
  especially if the alternative is a female prostitute in a society where unmarried women who have sex are considered lower than dirt . 
  one of my old classics teacher 's favourite topics . 
  still , wall street has existed since 1972 and is in 28 countries . 
  some of those countries it 's been in for decades , i hardly think their business model is simply to sell franchises and bail . 
  they are owned by pearson plc , a big publicly listed multinational corporation , i 'm pretty sure the decision to pull out of germany was a matter of maximising returns for stock holders , something they 're legally obliged to do . 
  i do realise that the school was controversial in many regards and some people did n't think much of it , but i think the way your describe it is disingenuous frankly . 
  if you have got socialised healthcare, 
   you 're busy slowly taking over the world and putting robots on far away planets . 
  [ i ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gk20o8k.png ) [ lol 'd ] ( http://www.esa.int/our_activities/space_science/ ), 
  america , boldly eating quantities that no man has eaten before . 
  it 's cute how jealous you are of our superior european civilisation . 
  people often ask me what it means to be a european . 
  i tell 'em it 's triumph . 
  triumph when we negotiate peace treaties with our enemies . 
  triumph when when we look at the world map and realise it was almost entirely civilised by our ancestors . 
  triumph when we give the largest percentage of our gdp to help 3rd world nations . 
  triumph when we send our troops into war zones as nato observers to prevent war crimes . 
  triumph when we use flying robots to assist in ski rescue operations , and other robots to land on the very face of comets . 
  triumph when we build colonies in barbaric lands and triumph when we assist them in attaining independence out of respect for their right to self determination . 
  but it 's not just the the big things , see ? 
  it 's the way i can sit on a public bench outside the town hall while drinking an open container of alcohol with friends and share a toast to freedom , watching as refugees enter our continent of dignity , their eyes filled with hope for the future . 
  it 's the way a cabbie in new york gasps when i tell him the minimum wage in my country . 
  it 's seeing the borders between nations marked by nothing but a small sign as i blast down the european autobahns and motorways at 130km/h . 
  it 's the way a qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois waiter nods approvingly when i order quality wine , in good french knowing full well he respects my cultural sophistication . 
  the way a texan jealously baulks when i tell him about my 6 weeks paid holiday a year , or the scowl on the tellers face that meets my smirk when i exchange my national currency in an la bank for oh so many us dollars . 
  the way small mobs of afro-american kinderg\u00e4rtners follow me from a distance to see what a free man looks like , or how heads timidly rise and women gather when my crisp clear british vowels make me an instant celebrity and object of desire in a mid western college town . 
  every bit of it , triumph . 
  that 's what it means to be a european . 
  lol you make me laugh xvampireweekend7 , what is this your 7th american nationalist troll account ? 
  how many accounts have you been through now ? 
  ay they 're a bunch of whiners . 
  oh well , thank you for your service o7 patriot !, 
  us folks over at sas would n't have half the gems we do if you did n't put in the hours . 
  i imagine they would 've been different ages , one being the lover and the other being the beloved . 
  also hellenic myth is somewhat a different kettle of fish than the actual athenian practices , coming from an era that pre-dates the height of athenian society . 
  well , ultimately for that i 'm going on the blue posts and developers have said . 
  i get the feeling that the mindset at blizzard is so anti legacy that the only way we 'd get it would be if the market were to completely force them to do it from a financial standpoint . 
  daybreak games is not blizzard and eq is not wow after all . 
  yeah you are quite right , i was kinda touching on that with the precedent point . 
  if they close it down it sends the message that private servers are n't ok , and that other server developers should n't try to do what nost did . 
  of course this is also true for the playerbase , we 're all going to be abit leery of starting a new char from scratch when this can happen . 
  i think we all have to hope that where blizzard fucked up was in their analysis of the community backlash . 
  we 've got to hope the backlash will hurt blizz more than they anticipated . 
  to be fair , blizzard is not just incorporated in the us , they have companies in virtually every country where they ( legitimately ) operate . 
  despite blizzard being principally a us company , it 's not really much harder for them to enforce their ip in other countries . 
  this is not like a situation where a small us company has to try enforce their ip abroad , it 's simply a matter of blizzard 's french division proving that they have rights to that ip in france . 
  in my experience renting in germany , wanting a schufa and a copy of your job contract showing earnings is relatively common . 
  it 's complete bullshit imho , and invasive regarding your personal life . 
  i 've even heard of people wanting to see three months play slips ( i think because 3 months is the minimum they need to cancel a job contract , so they want proof that you 're over that hump and still have the job ) , and refusing to rent to people unless their income is x3 the salary due to some old fashioned german golden rule of never renting somewhere that costs more than 1/3 of your income . 
  obviously this differs from place to place though . 
  legally an unfurnished flat in germany must have a bathroom , which means toilet , sink , shower , and that bathroom must be connected to the mains . 
  you will also get a boiler . 
  other than that you 're on your own . 
  when i was looking for flats here i made the mistake of seeing some places and they were just totally inappropriate . 
  no carpets , dangling wires where the light fittings were meant to go , all the walls painted white , not even curtain rails on which to hang your curtains . 
  totally inappropriate for anyone who is n't planning to stay there for 5 years + frankly . 
  they were like building sites . 
  when is someone going to tell him that santa claus is n't anything more than a tacky americanism tacked onto the holiday by companies in most countries . 
  i 'm pretty sure the christkind still brings most german children their presents . 
  nice one !, 
  we 'll always have the plaguelands brother !, 
  yep !, 
  i 'm no international copyright lawyer , but i do believe there are countries where it would be considerably harder for blizzard to shut down a private server . 
  it 's all to do with how each country interprets their copyright law , and there are countries that take a more lenient approach to non-profit uses of ip that is n't yours . 
  there probably is n't anywhere that 's completely safe and would offer a decent server , but i think there are places , like finland , where it might take a huge amount of money on blizzard and 1 + year of litigation for a legal dispute like this to be settled . 
  blizzard might not be willing to put themselves through such a huge amount of legal costs and battles just to close another server , especially given how much negative press it would give them . 
  this is really stupid . 
  this is how insurance works . 
  what do you expect them to test every driver and come up with a personal liability quote based off the evidence ? 
  if you do n't like the metric by which they define your liability then talk to your local politician to have them change the law . 
  hell , you could have a system which means everyone pays exactly the same cost regardless of their demographic like many public health insurance funds around the world , but i bet when an uneven system benefited you then you 'd be bitching about that too . 
  why do they have no clue about copyright law either : / i keep hearing about how safe the server will be if it 's put somewhere that 's not on best diplomatic relations with the us , think again . 
  none of this has anything to do with us really . 
  to me as an english person who speaks german . 
  dutch sounds like someone with a thick hilly billy accent speaking german sometimes . 
  weird , my german accent is often described as swedish : / probably because i hit the front vowels too hard as they do n't exist in english . 
  classless , obsessed with cars , terrible public transport so people prefer to drive , money orientated , everyone avoids in inner city and wants to live in the suburbs , neighbourhoods segregated by ethnicity ... you could be onto something . 
  it must be hard for americans actually have to try to pronounce all the vowels instead of just half of them . 
  sheep is best animal . 
  the way american - r is pronounced is n't `` rolled '' . 
  i do n't know what you think rolled means in this context , but it 's not what you think . 
  rolled is when the tongue hits the roof of the mouth to make that noise , american - r is fucky but it does n't do that . 
  ah yes , like the famous fable of hans im gl\u00fcck ? 
  oh shit , we germans really do make terrible spies , i 'll show myself to the military prison . 
  i think you 've misunderstood . 
  a front vowel just a term for a vowel like \u00fc and \u00f6 because these vowels become front and rounded . 
  u and o are back and rounded sounds that move from back to front of the mouth when an umlaut is present . 
  the brand of christian morality the church of england , on the whole , endorses i would say just happens to sit more comfortably with social democracy than the right wing tory party 's leaning toward free market economics and notions of individual social responsibility . 
  essentially they are pro a more collectivist unified society that puts more money into looking after the poor and downtrodden and against telling people to look out for number one . 
  i think they , like many european christians , see capitalist thinking as in opposition with christian morality , in that they perceive it as promoting greed and self-interest . 
  like most forms of moderate european protestantism , they definitely have fall towards a more selective `` love thy neighbour as thyself '' biblical interpretation than the literal interpretations that predominate in some us churches . 
  it can make it as uncomfortable as you want . 
  all the protestant nations that have it are amongst the most liberal , with little importance being placed on religion by the majority and huge number of atheists . 
  ultimately it works . 
  whereas a country that places freedom of worship of a pedestal does kinda tacitly oblige itself to respect more extreme beliefs and have their views , and the needs those views necessitate , respected by the society at large . 
  titbit * do n't let the prudes win .
