  i said relatively regularly . 
  what do you define as relatively regularly , hearing about one every few years seems relatively regular to me . 
  i 'm not trying to make so frequent at all ( although again define `` so frequent '' ) , in fact , i did n't even give a metric of frequency . 
  i can literally think of a few that happened in recent years off the top of my head , that seems relatively regular enough to me . 
  planes also crash relatively regularly , but that does n't mean i 'm pushing some anti plane agenda . 
  reddit is sooo fucking quick to decide someone has an agenda to push , it 's fucking pathetic . 
  it 's like you guys think in binary and ca n't even comprehend that nuance is a thing . 
  my only point was that even the really professional rides are fallible and fuck up sometimes , so riding the crappy carnival rides is definitely even riskier . 
  instead of people taking that point on face value i 've been inundated by children calling me an idiot and claiming stupid things like there have only ever been 3 accident in recorded history . 
  unthinking accepting tradition is dangerous , that 's why you use the test , is this harming anyone ? 
  when you assess your traditions , that 's the question to ask , to approach it pragmatically . 
  the queen has no power , therefore she is n't causing any issues . 
  what seems equally dangerous to me is attacking things only ideological grounds . 
  this belonged to the `` old order of things '' and the old order of things was bad , therefore it must be consigned to the history books , even if it has no inherently bad qualities in itself . 
  that seems dangerously like the kinda logic that led to thousands of grand historical palaces and churches in russia being demolished to build bland identical factories instead . 
  attacking the symbols of the past is a revolutionary tactic , to try and make people forget that the old way of things even existed so your new way does n't get compared to it . 
  i do n't want that , and even though i want to live in a social democracy , i do n't want us to relinquish our history either , these things stand as important reminders of the continuity of our nation . 
  what 's worse , is that they do n't even have the banter with the french we have , the kind that only comes from thousands of years of swearing at each across a small body of water . 
  the french mocking thing is mostly jokes anyway as although we were historical enemies we have n't been against each other for hundreds of years . 
  i think the french-english relationship is very love hate . 
  americans just make it dumb hate . 
  germany has a trade surplus , trade surpluses are bad for the global economy . 
  germany needs to invest in itself and stop building up static wealth as security . 
  this is a bad long term plan , it 's wiser to invest those assets in things that will last a long time and be useful , stimulating greater economic growth in the future . 
  additionally , the planed gas pipe with russia will cut many eastern european countries out of the supply chain , meaning these countries suffer to germany 's benefit . 
  germany is a rich country , eastern europe is poor as fuck . 
  the european unity means sharing the wealth , it 's bad faith to try to cut the industry of eu countries which desperate need development and economic stimulus . 
  vichy france , and it 's not like they had a say in things . 
  germany builds quality products but that 's really nothing to do with this . 
  trade surplus ! = quality . 
   they even put some money aside for future . 
  it 's bad economics to think nations should `` put aside for the future '' . 
  it 's important that germany invest that money in itself so its economy grows and its people see higher quality of life rather than shores up risk preparing for the apocalypse , which come the apocalypse probably would n't matter anyway . 
  no problem with wanting cheaper gas , but when you taking money directly from the nations that you 're in a union with to the benefit of russia then you have ask whether this is really the most efficient way to improve the situation . 
   i 'll never understand why germany must to do something to compensate other countries lack of competence, 
  that 's a very stupid and arrogant position . 
  it 's not a matter of competency it 's ' a question of policy . 
  if germany really were so competent it would boldly grow its economy rather than timidly suck up money that becomes static . 
  it 's the 21st century , we have climate change and globalisation to contend with , fiscal conversativism is not helping tackle these problems . 
  old rich germans sitting on massive low risk low return investments is n't helping anyone , poorer germans included . 
  nobody wants to limit germany 's economic success , this is the mantra of morons , they want germany to have even more success by investing and growing . 
  fyi if you believe in europe you should invest in europe . 
  you should also act like a trading bloc and tackle economic inefficiencies outside of the bloc before those within it . 
  german fiscal conservatism is poison to the european project , and you 're foolish if conflate germany 's interests with those of the eu . 
   yeah , germany in a really bad position of climate change and globalisation . 
  probably that 's why they 're the main force to reduce price of solar panels , and that 's why they 're one of the largest exporters . 
  do n't be naive . 
  the world is likely to suffer a number of massive ecological crisis in the relatively near future . 
  recycling bottles and using solar panels is great , but these are minor domestic issues . 
  thinking globally is much more important , we need electric cars 10 years ago , we need to get off fossil fuels even more than we have ( germany burns insane amount of coal to support its own domestic labour market ) . 
   why is it so important to improve quality of life in the present ? 
  well if you pay tax in germany , and if you 're a young person in germany , you are probably owed greater investment , but instead it 's being hoarded by an ageing population who fear there will be nobody to wipe their arses and dote on them in their twilight years . 
  what 's important is investing in the future , this means transferring that trade surplus into growth . 
  most people are n't dumb trumpers who think people should stop buying german goods and shrink their exports to rebalance the issue . 
  what people want is that germany spends it 's own money on itself drawing imports short term and producing more exports long term . 
  germany is doing that economic equivalent of hiding money under the bed , and that 's bad economics , or at very least , the economics of fear rather than the economics of global progress . 
  they 're quite a british thing . 
  because the uk is very densely populated with lots of cars and lots of motorways ( highways to you ) , there are limited junctions to prevent too much traffic . 
  every once in a while you get a service station , which is n't an exit , but a place to stop and get petrol / food . 
  because these places have guaranteed business and foot traffic you get little shopping centres ( malls to you ) cropping up around them . 
  they tend to be a rip off as you do n't have an alternative shop nearby , and their toilets tend to be similar to what you get at airports ( the kind they 're almost constantly cleaning ) , in heavy use because of all the weary travellers stopping to shit and piss . 
  the toilets are usually at the back too so you have to walk past all the shops to get there , as they know for most people that the primary reason to stopping . 
  the uk does n't have that many toll roads , but there 's a major one near birmingham that was designed to skip one of the worst traffic areas in the country . 
  it does n't have anything like the traffic that they get on non-toll roads because of the cost . 
  there is a service station on this road , and op was relishing the cleanliness of this service station 's toilets due to the lower rate of traffic . 
  [ they look like this ] ( https://metrouk2.files.wordpress.com/2016/04/emrpt5.jpg?w=620&amp;h=441&amp;crop=1 ), 
  yeah , years and years ago they were just for petrol and pissing , but because the contracts for putting services there are so lucrative they 've become massive money makers . 
  the difference that the us is so diffuse you can put stations on junctions without destroying the traffic flow in most places , there also are n't such limited sites dedicated for refuelling . 
  ooo `` plaza '' , get a load of the fancy men over here . 
  is it me , or does she sound strangely german ? 
  normally i ca n't understand the dutch because of the pronunciation but she was very clear . 
  can we into english nau ? 
  the angles were more danish than german afaik . 
  the `` social contract '' in the real world is that if you 're in public people can take photos . 
  i would n't walk up to someone and just take a photo in their face , but if they were sitting at a stage at a public event i would n't think twice . 
  europe only drives on the right because it was too weak to resist napoleon . 
  no , i do n't buy your black and white argument one bit . 
  yeah , shoving a camera in someone 's face is rude , but taking a photo from afar when someone is on display to the public is fine . 
  i personally think this photo was just unfortunate timing so he only looks pissed off . 
  also the sign says no `` posed photos '' , probably because they know full well they ca n't forbid people from taking photos in public , but they can charge people if they want to stand with the celebrity and take a proper shot . 
  you 're applying a different standard to celebs than you would ordinary people , and immediately rushing to defend the millionaire celebrity on nothing more than a hunch , attacking someone who did nothing more than take a photo at a convention . 
  this is the worst kinda of vicarious sycophantic concern going . 
   i go to cons all the time and shit like that is a major faux pas . 
  cons are full of overly sensitive nerds who worship their idols somewhat unhealthily . 
  they 're not a good benchmark for the social contract that exists between normal people . 
   you 're also totally missing the fact that we 're talking about a specific situation , where op admitted to not wanting to wait in line or pay for a photo and chose to cut in front and snap a pic and walk away . 
  it 's not only rude to the subject of the photo , but also the fans who are doing things the right way . 
  if op ca n't afford a posed photo then he 's free to take a photo in public , that 's his legal right , nothing to do with conventions that celebrity 's marketing agencies try to impose upon events in an attempt to strong arm revenue out of an idolising fanbase that will actually work to socially enforce those imposed norms . 
   a person 's social status does n't negate basic politeness . 
  basic politeness requires that you do n't impose yourself on someone to take a photo . 
  but as i said , if you 're in a public place you ca n't stop someone taking a photo . 
  if i were at a conference , and standing in front of a group , i would n't have the right to insist people did n't take photos . 
  if someone stuck a camera in my face and snapped me i 'd be annoyed , but if someone walked past the booth and took a photo while i was working in the public area working then i could n't say shit . 
  this was nice but it 's actually bullshit . 
  the problem with these trades is that they make tonnes of money when they 're in demand but the barrier to being able to this kind of work is n't really that high . 
  these things go in cycles . 
  once pay gets high enough it attracts more people to these industries and they make more money . 
  another thing that sucks about being a tradesman is that your livelihood depends on the wider economy to a great degree . 
  say you 're a young self employed electrician doing odd jobs in people 's homes , that great . 
  but the moment there is an economic downturn all those experienced electricians with 20 years experience are going to lose their jobs working corporate building sites and come for your work .
