  pettigo is all the land that is within its boundaries , not where the heart of the town is . 
  you 're getting downvoted because you 're prioritising subjective notions like the `` heart of the town '' and the `` culture '' over the map . 
  the map is correct , not your opinion . 
  the map is objective , and given how contentious the matter is politically i think being objective is very important . 
  it 's just the meaning of the term . 
  i 'm against changing the meaning of words to fit politics , if the word is no longer useful or is become offensive then do n't use it . 
  americans actually believe this !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz7twovqgbq ), 
  except they are n't facts . 
  where are your sources ? 
  you have n't even defined europe , are you including russia and turkey ? 
  all of russia or just the part that lies with in the traditional geography of europe ? 
  the eu or the eec ? 
  america has higher rate of people unable to find employment who want it than much of europe , america 's gdp is nowhere near 50 % higher and gdp does n't translate into real wealth for the average person , `` meaning one american can accomplish as much as 1.5 europeans . '', 
  does n't follow from gdp remotely , it 's nonsense . 
  furthermore i 've never seen a global study on which country ( ies ) people would migrate to if they had a choice , and i know that america does n't take anything remotely like most european countries per capita , and i 'm pretty sure if we count europe as a whole it has higher outside immigration making more popular . 
  your facts are nonsense pal and any reasonable person could see that . 
  except you 've provided no backup for that statement , so your words are nothing but weasel . 
  furthermore the eu has to support countries that were under the soviet union and also provides more in social support for america . 
  so it 's not remotely comparable and your facts are shit . 
  it 's easy to employ everyone when you only have a token minimum wage . 
  if we only look at western europe they 've got the us beaten in virtually everything bar gdp, 
  that 's a fancy way of spelling cv, 
   when you praise them for calling up to a 3x `` all sizes '' that 's gon na make larger fats feel like shit, 
  yes , hopefully they will feel like shit so hard that it motivates them into starving themselves until they can fit into 3x clothing . 
  thin privilege is being an imaginary magical woodland creature ... 
  it 's nothing to do with the idea of the white man 's burden , since that was about civilising uncivilised non-caucasion people . 
  i wo n't deny that modern day multiculturalism is n't radically different from these concepts . 
  however i maintain there is a fair comparison to be drawn . 
  as much as modern day multiculturalism dislikes it , any multiculture imposes some notion of shared values and identity on it 's inhabitants , otherwise it has no meaning . 
  also as you said , no shared culture such as the notion of britishness that existed in the past is monolithic , it is defined by the authoritative cultures of which it consists . 
  nonetheless my point was that the concept of being british in history was identical to modern day multiculturalism . 
  it was merely that there is a valid comparison to be drawn since both old fashioned multi-national identities and modern national multicultural identities sought to unify distinct cultures . 
  anti-european circlejerk . 
  you actually have no fucking clue what you 're talking about , just another typical american seeing europe through the lens of reactionary media reports . 
  ukip are considered extremists here but most of them have similar politics to the republican party . 
  yes , many republicans would be considered extreme right wing racist extremists here . 
  you 're just another american who tries to drag europe down by reflecting our own left wing hypercritical media back at us . 
  you act like the civil rights movement was so long ago . 
  he 's raising the average by spelling them properly you mean ? 
  maybe you should n't expect that believe that and then expect it to be validated . 
  seems to be putting the cart before the horse to me . 
  feeling are not a useful tool for assessing things . 
  this is n't that rare , in the uk there are trainspotters , that 's where the name for the film trainspotting is from . 
  it was a more popular before the advent of modern entertainment though , it 's become a very uncool thing to do nowadays , although a hardcore group of obsessives still do it . 
  there 's also planespotters too . 
  someone has failed to grasp the concept of humour . 
  red nose day did a lot better than usual to be honest . 
  normally it 's just cringey stuff like david beckham appearing with a too old looking only fools and horses cast ... 
  i 'm xl size in men 's and i 'm not even obese !, 
  i 'm just stocky and bit probably 20 pounds over my ideal weight healthwise , which i put down to weight lifting a lot and then just stopping . 
  the irony is that she 's [ ridiculously posh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kybaleigo9s&amp;t=82s ) . 
  has the aristocratic surname rose eleanor arbuthnot-leslie , was born in a castle , and [ is a descendent of king charles ii . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rose_leslie#early_life ), 
  do n't get it : / ? 
  people are always saying this and it 's stupid . 
  obviously it 's the country in which the people are the primary audience that is where videos get blocked . 
  normally because the same clip is available on the 4od website or the official channel 4 channel and they want the revenue . 
  in other countries either the company that owns the licence does n't care as much about the programme since it 's not as important to them and therefore does n't pursue copyright removals as aggressively , or it is n't licensed in that country , in which case it makes sense for channel 4 to allow it to be viewed since it will increase the overseas exposure and make the selling of the rights to an overseas network more likely . 
  apart from 2 oscar winning films ? 
  [ this syncs better ] ( https://gifsound.com/?gifv=zooifcx&amp;v=uhq-v4hjvqe&amp;s=03 ), 
  i really do n't hbo would be letting their stars get involved if there were any doubt about authenticity . 
  yeah i realise that . 
  it 's just kinda funny to call 2 oscar winning films `` hardly anything there '' , it would be more accurate to say she 's only had bit parts so far . 
  the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  i just think this is exactly how patriotism works . 
  they indoctrinate you at a young age about how your country is this great special place , then later you realise this is n't entirely true but the seed is sown . 
  then when your country does something good it 's all warm and fuzzies because it 's reaffirming some deeply seated feeling that your country is great , and when it does something bad it 's a downer because it 's contradicting that feeling . 
  the reality is that america is n't a great country with great opportunities . 
  in reality it 's an ok place with ok opportunities , no different from many other countries . 
  when it does good things you should think `` we 've done good '' and when it does bad you should think `` we 've done bad '' , it 's that simple . 
  your whole perspective is skewed . 
  you might think what 's the harm is this positive feeling about your nation . 
  well the harm is great , because it fucks up the political landscape as people 's skewed outlooks tend to prevent political objectivity . 
  you may well exaggerate the good and diminish the bad in pursuit of validation of your feeling that america is actually good , which will only lead to america being worse off in the long term . 
  personally , i do n't see why you ca n't see why what you wrote is kind of fucked up . 
  you did n't write `` i 'm happy to see immigrants reach us citezinship because it makes me think the us is a great country with great opportunities '' ... 
  you wrote `` it validates my feeling '' ... so you have a pre-existing belief and you 're looking for affirmation for it , and are happy when you find it . 
  this is the opposite of being objective , it 's kind of fucked up . 
  you also said `` still '' , as if you 're certain that the us used to be a great country with great opportunities , which makes it seem you buy into some kind of unrealistic golden age narrative too . 
  you like so many americans seem blissfully unaware of how patriotism is influencing your outlook . 
  even many of america 's greatest critics seem to believe that the us would be great only if republicans/democrats/war / taxes were n't a think . 
  you are raised to expect greatness when it 's unrealistic , and lose sight the realistic goal of just doing well . 
  [ she 's superhot as an insane villain attempting to wipe out the human race in this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zijdyp9oulw&amp;t=30 ), 
  they do n't even need to be gorgeous . 
  why would there be a hint of scottish ? 
  there are plenty of people in northern england more well spoken than most of the home counties , should they have a hint of northern ? 
  do the people on downton abbey have a hint of yorkshire ? 
  people do n't put on accents . 
  sometimes actors choose to speak some way . 
  like some british actors do their interviews in their american accent because american minds might be too blown if they suddenly sound foreign . 
  however some people in the uk , particularly the upper/upper middle classes , choose to speak in a way so that nobody can known where they were born , raised and schooled . 
  a bit like how some people born in boston might sound like they are generically from the mid west rather than have a local accent . 
  i think rose leslie is more of an example of the latter than the former . 
  i , personally , am desperate to hear what / u/decepticle _ ronnie thinks , your opinion not so much . 
   more like the arrival of jimmy fallon and his starbuck demographic . 
  go away ... ( boo hoo reddit was once leet nerds and now it 's filthy casuals ... ), 
  i 'm not a troll nor am i incredibly stupid . 
  if i said `` i 'm happy when people who smoke live to a ripe old age because it validates my feeling that smoking is actually good for you '' that would be dumb . 
  you said something in a dumb way .
