  that 's not the only meaningful metric if you engage your brain , since passengers , pedestrians , number of journeys are all factors . 
  us is on par with lithuania and just beating jamaica overall . 
  even with it done per 100000 km driven you 're still more dangerous than most european nations . 
  well done , half the soviet block is beating you . 
  so much for you policing deterrent theory . 
  dafuq was that, 
  k m8, 
  when you say american i 'm pretty sure you mean allied . 
  that 's a bit rich . 
  it 's war , strategic loses are made . 
  the british had to let the germans bomb their own people and attack their own convoys to ensure they did n't figure out they 'd broken the enigma codes . 
  it 's not like they 'd have given up singapore if they had n't had to , and yes squaddies like to party and get drunk when they 're not risking their lives , comes with the territory . 
  of what exactly ? 
  bonus points if you manage work in `` touch the fence for a free life '' and `` raptors will not attack unless you shoot them '', 
  edit : it 's from the snes game if you 're wondering, 
  i am a bit suspicious when they go off reported ethnicity . 
  i 'd wager a lot of americans with predominantly british heritage do n't identify as such , since british is seen somewhat as the default ethnicity i reckon people are more likely to remember their irish / german / scandinavian grandparent and identify with that heritage . 
  it seems so strange that according to reports there 's barely any brits in the us yet british surnames are so common ( 8 out 10 are british ) . this is further demonstrated by the inexplicable drop in british americans in every census . 
  british ancestry just is n't cool or interesting enough for most , whilst in the past it was associated with being the right kind of white . 
  i do n't know if this was based on self-identification though . 
  i suppose there are ways of knowing that do n't go on what people identify with . 
  actually in some countries ( uk ) it is a recommended speed and you should only be doing less than it if there are some adverse conditions making it unsafe to do so . 
  people do get pulled over for going too slow here since it can be very dangerous , especially on carriageways and motorways . 
  to be fair i was n't suggesting that there are no americans of predominantly german ancestry , there are some areas that were settled by a vast majority of german settlers , as well as french , dutch , swedish , norwegian and so on . 
  i merely meant that the british contingent is probably significantly underestimated whilst what are perceived as more desirable ancestries like irish are overestimated . 
  for example i 'm not american but british but i know i have a bunch of irish ancestors from my family tree , both my grandmothers were raised roman catholic and carried irish surnames , but i would n't really claim irish ancestry since i know far more of my ancestors were english ( as well as scottish and welsh ) , if i was american though i could easily call myself an irish american just to have a sense of belonging to a certain group of people that are perceived as having desirable qualities ( st patrick 's day , rogue like charms , underdogs ) than a group that is n't ( the original us enemy , stiff upper lip , fallen empire ) . 
  yes but if you do 30 in a 60 you will . 
  also hgvs are excluded from the outside lane for a reason . 
  / r/britishsuccess ? 
  now you have wine and crumpets, 
  where 's here ? 
  it 's not even that , per billion km the death rate 's about on par with new zealand and france and well above the uk and nordic countries . 
  that would be why , because lds temples are n't accessible to the public so wo n't be registered as places in which you can marry . 
  if you marry within the church of england , catholic church , methodist , church of scotland ( presbyterian ) then you can be married in the church . 
  however different rules apply for divorcees and now same sex marriage too . 
  those denominations covers most of the uk christianity btw . 
  for example if you are a divorcee typically priests will give you a service as a blessing but might not marry you , furthermore if you 're a same sex couple you might find a priest willing to do a service ( i believe it 's at the discretion of the vicar/priest ) but the church they belong to might prevent them from officially marrying you . 
  they 'll still do all the vows , but you 'll have to go to the registrars ' office before to sign the legally binding documents . 
  mosques , synagogues , hindu temple can all do marriages too . 
  she sure fooled them . 
  you 're living the past . 
  when do i need an actual signature for anything ? 
  if i enter a contract it 's on the phone or email . 
  if i was a lawyer of some sort then maybe i 'd need to , but i 'm not so i do n't . 
  i might send a check in the post with a note if i really had to , the only letters i 've ever needed to write were to a penpal i had when i was 9 and some jokey stuff with ex-girlfriends . 
  hurr hurr , cos they 're the same right , fuck off you piece of shit . 
  yes , i 've bought tonnes of insurance over the phone , no signature has ever been needed . 
  if i open a bank account then i 've done it at the bank and sign paper work there , i mean who opens a bank account over the phone or with mail anyway , you need to show id after all . 
  termination of contracts like phone contracts etc. 
  has never required a signature , they might send me an email or letter confirming the termination but it 's hardly like they need my signature to confirm that , if anything i need their signature which would be silly considering they 're a massive company . 
  i 've signed contracts on rental agreement at estate agents , never needed to send them a letter ( they have email ) . 
  i 've entered into contracts for web development using using secure signed pdfs and faxes before . 
  i 'm afraid you 're far exaggerating the importance of sending letters in the modern age . 
  perhaps you might get a letter sent to you that you must sign and stick in the prepaid envelope to return to sender . 
  even then most corporate contracts that consumers enter into with big companies do n't require that . 
  but the idea that you 'd need to write a letter to anyone these days is pretty absurd . 
  like i said the only letters i 've ever written ( typed or by hand ) are to a couple of ex-girlfriends and my penpal aged 9 . 
  in my whole life it 's never been necessary for me to actually formulate my thoughts on paper and send it with a stamp . 
   how would the insurance company sue you if they can not prove what you bought ? 
  and to which terms , you know , the tens of pages of insurance terms , you agreed to ? 
  modern corporations have pretty much made this unnecessary . 
  you consent on the phone , they send you a letter with the terms , if you do n't cancel within the given time frame you are assumed to consent . 
  i do n't know the details but big companies do this all the time . 
  i did with my last phone contract and car insurance . 
  ultimately it 's not my problem it 's their problem , they would n't do it if it would n't stick in court . 
   see , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  online banks are a thing . 
  yes but at some point you 're going to have to show a human being some form of identification so they know you 're actually a resident of the country you 're opening an account in . 
  photocopies of ids are too easily forged . 
  otherwise people on holiday or abroad could just open accounts in random countries . 
  there are strict laws on this in every country to prevent fraud . 
   how will you proof that you actually terminated ? 
  like i said they send me a letter saying the account was terminated on x date . 
  i 'm not saying i do n't receive letters , i 've just never needed to send one i wrote myself . 
   can not sign a contract over email . 
  you can over fax and when used secure signed documents they 're virtually as good as a fax . 
   so you do need signatures . 
  more often than not , not ones that have to be sent in the mail . 
   i 'm gon na count that as a letter . 
  how is it a letter ? 
  furthermore i have n't composed the fax myself , they 've sent my a contract over fax , i sign and send it back , like i said i 've never needed to write a letter . 
   merica is absolutely positively weird . 
  seriously . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not even from america , i live in europe . 
   yeah , well , in that case they would absolutely no proof of consent . 
  i part from the back they have legal recourse to claim the money regardless . 
  you have a hopelessly naive notion of the purity of contract law . 
  most of this stuff is tied to your credit rating anyway , so if you contested in court you 'd be fucked in another way . 
  this type of stuff almost never reaches court , and when it does they have proof of consent in other forms . 
   exactly , that would be the point in which you would have to send that letter we are talking about . 
  in my case the postal clerk checks the id . 
  i have never in my life heard of anyone doing that . 
  we can safely say that most people do n't do that , so most people do n't need to write letters for this reason . 
  maybe if you lived in the outback or somewhere . 
   so what if they ... just do n't send you one ? 
  how would you then proof you terminated ? 
  that 's a real thing companies do , you know ? 
  you call them up and ask them where the fuck my letter is ? 
  the only companies that might fuck you off this way are small fry low lives , and the majority of people do n't need to deal with these types of businesses in this way , and if they must they do it in person .
