  it 's a double standard of american cultural assertion . 
  i already did [ a write up ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/nostalrius/comments/4dxf5f/an_analysis_of_blizzards_actions/ ) of what i think blizzard 's mindset is , and i tried to be as fair as possible . 
  it 's all to do with the kind of positive mentality these development programmes have . 
  it 's always about `` improving '' and never about going back . 
  it 's also about the perceived quality of experience and keeping up standards , releasing a legacy server without a complete revamp in blizzard 's mind would be sacrilegious like they were releasing an inferior product . 
  it 's very easy for tech guys to get hung up on quality of life `` features '' , many of which are legitimately better , however they myopically miss the fact that gamers do n't care about your beautifully intuitive ui or how you 've made doing x , y , or z infinitely more efficient or convenient . 
  we literally only care about the game , a rough hewn badly made good game will be far more appealing than a beautifully made polished bad game . 
  this is obviously what actiblizz has lost sight of , the game vision . 
  the old blizzard had vision , the kind of vision that is so far in the gaming industry these days . 
  which is why we see so many games that are literally taking a concept and trying to do it better rather than innovating something special . 
  like i said i just played wod on a trial for first time , and i 'm perfectly willing to admit there are some amazing features and things they 've added that must have taken monumental effort to achieve . 
  the npc scripting is just amazing , the voice acting , the cut scenes , the lore , it 's fantastic , the seemless way the quests run together , the fantastic level design , it 's breathtaking , the sheer scale of the world and the events happening around you . 
  we could 've only dreamt of it in 2005 when i first played the game . 
  but , and this is the big but , the game is bad . 
  it 's like the game is begging you at every corner to keep playing , it 's all so easy . 
  i 'm running to quest objectives on my massive dragon straight up ignoring the mobs in the area because i can simply grab my objective and bail . 
  at one point i cornered myself run and i had literally 8 mobs on me , did i die ? 
  no , i blew a few cooldowns and killed them all . 
  while before i felt chills at the thought of killing some low level grunt boss in the game 's lore who meant nothing , now i 'm literally saving thrall 's ass , and khadgar is giving me hi-fives as i massacre thousands of orcs with a few button presses . 
  for this i 'm getting a gallion xp and 10000 gold . 
  i go into a town i 've never visited before at a zone i 'm not even a high enough level to be questing in ? 
  the npcs are saying `` good day commander kingofeggsandwiches ! '', 
  `` what an honour ! '', 
  do n't want to even quest ? 
  oh do n't worry , pay us an extra 20 euros and we 'll boost your character straight to level 100 , fuck just buy the expansion and we 'll give you a free level 100 . 
  all that content ? 
  fuck it !, 
  you 're the boss . 
  want to skip this grind ? 
  ok , just pay us real money or even in game money , which we 'll sell you by the way . 
  i just spent 6 months levelling on a server where a drop quest might take you 20 minutes because the population was so high sometimes it was hard to find the mob . 
  the kind of server where on a kill quest you 'd rock up and immediately get invited to a group because everyone was waiting on the same spawns . 
  running around zones without even a 60 % mount until level 49 because 100g was hard to come by . 
  modern day wow is not the game i want to play . 
  an alpha that 's coming out in what ? 
  4 months ? 
  well now , being aware of your irrationality , you should be aware how deeply nationalism and the unjustified believe in the superiority in of the `` national way '' is rife in american culture , and western culture generally , at a level you simply would n't be conscious of if you were n't to take a critical eye to it . 
  what 's even more shocking is that objective studies have shown that in developed countries without high levels of corruption the civil law system actually produces better material justice , that is so say , more uniform sentencing in cases where the facts are similar , and fewer cases where the sentenced party is shown to be innocent after the trial , than common law systems . 
  in countries with trial by jury we are subconsciously influenced to believe that there 's something special about being contemned by 12 ordinary folks rather than a professional . 
  we are taught that our rights are inalienable and sacred , that the we should count ourselves lucky to live in a country where these rights are given to us . 
  we are taught to perceive anywhere that does n't have these rights as inferior or barbaric . 
  we even have little expressions like `` twelve good men and true '' which sit in our cultural memory and confirm our beliefs . 
  the irony is that in other countries they have other rights , ones we do n't have , many of them just as good or better than the rights we enjoy . 
  many of the rights we enjoy are not as good or noble as our society suggests they are , and there are plenty of countries that function perfectly well without those rights because they have other rights . 
  for example , if you told many americans that you do n't have the right to trial by jury in germany they 'd be appalled , they 'd scoff with disbelief that a supposedly advanced western nation can exist without that right . 
  how could they call that justice they 'd ask . 
  how could they allow themselves to be ruled over by judges with such power . 
  do n't they know people are corruptible they 'd ask , and so forth . 
  however , if you asked them what they thought of plea bargaining in the us court system , they 'd either not know what it was or they 'd be indifferent . 
  meanwhile in germany , if you told many germans how the plea bargaining system worked in america they 'd be appalled , they 'd scoff with disbelief that a supposedly advanced western nation can exist while this practice is permitted . 
  how can they call that justice they 'd ask . 
  do n't they know that someone is either guilty or not guilty and that everyone deserves a full trial . 
  how can justice be seen if you offer someone a lesser sentence on the condition that they plead guilty . 
  surely you 're just encouraging innocent men who lack evidence to plead guilty , surely you 're punishing people who for choosing to fight for the truth rather than lie and take an easier path . 
  in fact , in german law there is not such thing as `` pleading guilty '' , all you can do is confess what you did , and the judge then decides if that makes you guilty or not . 
  same if you told people in some countries about double jeopardy . 
  half the countries would applaud it saying it 's a part of any fair and just legal system . 
  other countries would gasp in horror at the possibility that there be incontrovertible evidence of someone 's guilt come to light the day after the trial and for that person to get off scot free simply because of a technicality . 
  when you stand back and look at it objectively it 's all bullshit . 
  your supposed rights mean very little . 
  what 's far more likely to determine the fairness of the outcome is the cultural ethos and wealth of the society in which you go to court . 
  you can have as many supposed procedural rights as you want , if you 're in a country with a fucked up mentality you 're fucked , and if you 're in a country with a good mentality then you 'll probably be fine even if you 're afforded very few of the `` sacred '' rights you were told were special back home . 
  glad that 's fake , it makes the burst of laughter i let out afterwards far more appropriate . 
  lol to, 
  someone is obviously not ready [ to rumble ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_sjmiqrh54 ) ... psych !, 
  what the hell is your point ? 
  american high school goes to 14-18 . 
  scottish high school goes 11-16 . 
  these are not the same . 
  calling 17 and 18 year olds `` high schoolers '' in scotland would be wrong . 
  between 16-18 british young adults can be working apprentices , they can be training for a craft in a technical college , or they can be sixth formers . 
   this also tends to make it difficult if not impossible to negotiate conditions outside the terms set by the law . 
  as an example , an employee and his employer may both wish to reduce his vacation time in return for more pay , but may find themselves blocked if the code sets out a minimum vacation time . 
  i 'm not sure that 's a good example . 
  mandatory paid holiday time falls under statutory law in almost all common law countries . 
  statutes will make clear whether a certain legal obligation can be avoided with a contract . 
  i know here in the uk you could have your employees sign as many contracts agreeing to less holiday time in return for more money as you want , if you did n't give them the holidays you 'd still be breaking the law . 
  the only exceptions are those written into the work and families act . 
  i 'm not quite sure what you mean by `` impossible to negotiate conditions outside the terms set by the law '' . 
  as i said usually the law is pretty clear on whether something can be avoided with a contract . 
  do you merely mean that because in codified law even more things are explicitly defined that it reduces the number of possibilities that can be defined with a contract ? 
  which also means contracts are shorter since they can do nothing other than rely on these definitions . 
  that 's what i thought you meant but then the holiday comment threw me off . 
  except they are in england not scotland . 
  also we do n't know old they are . 
  some of them seem to be wearing school ties , but others do n't . 
  obviously i know they 're english , if they were american i would n't be pointing out that they 're not high school students . 
  it 's only in scotland that high school is a common term . 
  school between the ages is 11-16 secondary school in the rest of the uk . 
  these are either secondary school students and/or young adults in further education/sixth form . 
  there 's no high schoolers to be seen because high school is not the proper common term in england . 
  because ultimately you are way more concerned with those things , with plenty of puritanical extremists making up your national demographic . 
  the current british government might have some weird bee in its bonnet about teenagers and internet porn , but the uk has tits on tv , tits in newspapers , sex scenes on national television that could only shown on cable in the us , mandatory sex education for all children from age 11 onwards . 
  just because the tories are fighting some weird war on what they perceive as `` sexual deviance '' , banning fisting porn and piss porn from being filmed in the uk for example , most people do n't give two fucks about this issue and nobody can understand why the current government is doing this . 
  socially it 's a very small issue in the uk whereas you lose your shit at a nip slip at the super bowl . 
  sorry that 's just how it is . 
  lol you americans crack me up . 
  no worries . 
  just to be clear though . 
  even in places like france and germany , you do n't have plaintiffs in criminal cases , does n't matter if it 's criminal law or civil law , the plaintiff is only for non-criminal matters .
