  afaik they ate 3 times a day , and even stuff like lunch would probably be 3 courses . 
  bear in mind that many of these courses , for example the starters , would be very small portions relative to what we 're used to today ( especially if you 're from the us haha ), 
  of the people who did eat like this , many of them were fat or obese , in fact being fat was a sign of wealth for a long time in european history . 
  it 's only since the advent of abundant food in western culture that being fat has been seen as this bad thing rather than just a way to show off that you could eat a lot . 
  people back then had terrible health too , and did n't understand the relationship between overindulgence and heath . 
  gout for example was rife amongst the european aristocracy because they spent their lives drinking and eating extremely rich foods . 
  however , it 's also worth bearing in mind that their diet did n't have the same degree of defined and processed sugars . 
  sweet things were generally very expensive , so the majority of their diet would have been protein , carbs , and fibre . 
  so yes they were often fat if they ate like this . 
  they did do more exercise than modern western people on the whole , but they were still fat . 
  still , they did n't reach the insane level of obesity that some westerners manage these days very often , because their lives demanded greater mobility and activity . 
  yeah well i imagine that a number of those people have sold their london homes for millions and are moving out to the country to retire and live off the equity they got out of their homes . 
  this is probably a factor , along with commuters , in why it 's not only the london area but the whole se that 's seeing a housing market bubble . 
  many retiring londoners selling their disproportionately expensive homes and pushing the price of a 3 bed in buckinghamshire through the roof . 
  all the obnoxiously posh people i know `` simply could n't bear to be more than an hour from london '' , lest they be confronted with the realities of rural poverty . 
  or be labelled a northerner . 
  i do n't see that happening . 
  sure there are bubbles around areas of economic activity , but the simple fact is that where there 's no jobs there will be no demand for houses , and therefore prices will not rise . 
  places like solihull near birmingham , and the whitefield near manchester will probably see some increase , but there is simply no reason why the rest of the country would share in the se housing boom . 
  if anything the demand in the se is in part a product of reduced demand outside of it . 
  london has never been more dominant in the uk economy than it is right now . 
  more and more people are choosing london for chance at real career prospects . 
  of my graduating year at university i 'd guess that 80 % of them are now working in london , all of them paying through the nose for a single bedroom or bedsit . 
  well that 's hardly a problem if they do . 
  however , this sounds suspiciously like trickle down economics to me . 
  low paying jobs definitely do go to poorer regions when they can be moved , places like south wales and tyne and wear have a huge number of call centres for example . 
  that does n't the resolve the problem though because it 's just the low paid jobs which means the amount people can afford for housing does n't increase , and house prices do not rise . 
  the fact that london is `` the place '' for high paid jobs becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy , to the point where companies would be embarrassed to have their hq anywhere other than there . 
  people believe that london is the place to get a career , so people with marketable skills move to london , then companies that need skilled workers have to base themselves in london , because that 's where all the jobseekers with skills are located . 
  the house pricing boom is if anything evidence that an extremely high cost of living will not deter people who think that the rewards are great enough . 
  instead of saying , screw this , i 'll move to a different city , people just commute further and further , and put up with less and less living space and worse conditions . 
  so that 's like what ? 
  25 euros at today 's exchange rate ? 
  seems pretty cheap to me lol !, 
  i 've never thought flying was that expensive to be honest . 
  it 's way cheaper than trains or boats , and only coaches ( greyhounds ) are cheaper , but require you stay on a coach for bloody hours to get anywhere . 
  yeah , even if they required her to move area , being both young and female she 'd be high on the list for housing . 
  nobody will give you a job without a fixed address . 
  also after living on the street it becomes very obvious to people that you have n't had a typical life just by your manner , speech , dress , demeanour and so forth . 
  you ca n't expect homeless people to go straight into jobs . 
  however , she definitely is eligible for both government assistance and possible help from charities . 
  she 'd still be defined as a `` young adult '' , and she 's female , which means she 's got options . 
  i do believe there 's something else going on here . 
  either drug addiction , mental illness , or just being adapted to the homeless lifestyle and now being unwilling to make the sacrifices to join the rest of society . 
  i do n't think people are being uncompassionate they 're simply pointing out the reality that there is a lot of resources out there to help people like this . 
  her claim that there is simply nobody willing to help is untrue . 
  it could be drugs , mental illness , a lifestyle adaptation thing ( some people simply find homeless life easier to deal with than going through all the processes needed to get back to mainstream society and will keep returning no matter how much help they get ) . 
  does that mean we do n't feel sorry for her or hope that she gets help ? 
  absolutely not ( at least not the majority of posters here ) . 
  most normal people are hoping that she 's got her life back on track after either finding the right help or doing it herself . 
  it 's merely that she 's convinced herself of something that is n't true . 
  as a young adult and a female she could get hostelled by the government and put on the priority waiting list for council housing . 
  there 's obviously a reason she 's not doing that . 
  if that thing is the clap , well done . 
  i would n't say that 's quite true . 
  there 's certainly a handful of accent in most counties though . 
  for example in warwickshire you get people who sound dead brummy , people who sound rather nasally ( which was part of the traditional warwickshire working class accent ) , places like coventry and nuneaton where you get a whole bunch of east midlands influence , tonnes of people who speak rp or something that is very close to it with some slight regional influence ( someone like richard hammond or clarkson for example would be a good example of this ) . 
  when you get down near the border with oxfordshire you get people who say words like `` bath '' and `` grass '' with the same vowel as a northerner but elongate the sound ridiculously so rather than `` bath '' or `` bahth '' you get `` baaath '' , and this starts to merge with rhoticism as you go to places like evesham where it starts to go all farmer . 
  it 's actually impossible to categorise all this , because everyone has slight variations , and picking out the aggregate for any one place is incredibly difficult . 
  edit : that said , he missed out some major uk accents like brummie and geordie , which are some of the most well known . 
  fun fact : the school in linz hitler attended was also attended by eminent ( and part jewish ) philosopher ludwig wittgenstein . 
  they were only a few years apart in age . 
  it 's not too bad . 
  i could n't understand it all ( german is my 2nd language ) but i got a lot of it . 
  he does almost sound slurred to me at times . 
  i think hitler tried to speak a more classical conservative form of german , which is why you get all the rolled - r 's . 
  the hamburg accent seemed easiest to understand , i 'm guessing that 's closer to hochdeutsch ? 
  and you live in the uk ? 
  because i 've seen on youtube that in the us occasionally people give people down on their luck breaks by offering them a job , what with the bootstraps american spirit and that malarkey , but such an opportunity would be even rarer in the uk , that 's simply not that attitude of the people here . 
  if you 're homeless you need to let the system sort that out for you , and when you 're housed and hygienic they 'll consider you for a job . 
  furthermore , regardless of where you live , you 're the exception not the rule . 
  not everyone has the ability or willpower to do what you did , and it 's unrealistic to expect that of everyone . 
  an attacking player can not receive the ball unless there is at least one opposition player in front of him , is probably the simplest way to explain it . 
  it means that if you 're a striker and you want to receive a pass then you need to have at least one opposing defender between you and the goal . 
  it 's to stop `` goal hanging '' , a common schoolboy football tactic , which is where one striker hangs out near the opposition goal hoping to receive a long ball from the other end of the pitch while all the opposition players ( apart from the goalie ) , are busy trying to score at the other end . 
  this basically turns the game into a succession of people kicking the ball up near the opposition goal in the hope that the goal hanger can beat the goalie . 
  the off-side rule stops this from happening , and makes the game are more strategic and worth playing, 
  well you are no matter how much you want to look at it . 
  some people have mental health issues , some people have drug addictions , some lack the basic skills like literacy and numeracy that almost all jobs require . 
  american sjw seems totally upside down compared to moderate forms in other countries . 
  instead of focussing on treating everyone the same it 's all about acknowledging differences as something completely insurmountable . 
  therefore the only course of action to give up on notions of compromise , integration and finding common ground with different types of people , and just mindlessly give everyone a wide birth intellectually lest you tread on their toes with your opinion . 
  in this system someone claims belief or opinion is linked to their race , sexuality etc. 
  then it becomes sacred and can not be challenged by anyone outside their demographic , because this type of thinking insists that in not being a member of said demographic , you are inherently and eternally incapable of using empathy and reason to understand their point of view . 
  in doing this destroys any kind of multicultural discourse whatsoever , and tacitly says to each different demographic ( quite racistly ) you people are too unlike to ever be the same . 
  sounds like they got to you . 
  i do n't buy any of it , and neither do the majority of people . 
  what a childish response . 
  i was n't equating the majority with being right in the slightest , i merely pointed out that most people do n't share you belief . 
  the majority can be and has been both right or wrong , the popularity of view is irrelevant to its validity . 
  it 's this kind of poor thinking that defines this kind of new wave of american sjw . 
  i 'm afraid it did n't prove anything . 
  the fact remains though that for hundreds of years discourse has depended on the notion that there are objectively good or bad arguments , arguments that are taken up by people when they are understood , and arguments at are n't . 
  a good argument does n't require that the majority agree with it , merely that when they understand it they endorse it . 
  arguments that hinge on some notion of irreducible `` lived in experienced '' are premised on the idea that they can not truly be understood by the `` other '' and that the `` other '' should just roll over and accept your authority on those matters . 
  this a huge step backwards for social and academic discourse frankly . 
  not only that , but the radical new wave of intersectionalists have turned the far left into a standing joke . 
  instead of a movement of solidarity , it becomes the oppression olympics , a power struggle with minority statuses being used like trump cards when it comes to the defining of policy . 
  it 's the opposite of what the left was meant to represent , a product of a neoliberal generation who ca n't see past their own egoistical world view . 
  instead of fighting for something useful like greater economic equality , they fight social conventions that might hurt the feelings of some minority or the other ( and they do this within the context neoliberal society hands them on a plate ) .
