  this is why you need an international mindset , because if you had one you would n't believe these toxic false narratives people are using to try to influence your behaviour . 
   i can tell you the markets are put off when everyone is down talking the uk and saying brexit will be shit . 
  this is n't a game of fucking football . 
  supporting your team with blind faith will not change the reality that brexit is going to be shit . 
  it 's going to be shit because the factual reality of it is that it will be shit . 
  even if it eventually paid off the transition is going to be hugely expensive , and require all the efforts of the civil service for many years to come . 
  it 's definitely a thing in the uk to perceive germany as being a super tolerant and liberal place . 
  the reality is vastly different , and while you might frequently find that attitude in the berlin and in the cities in nrw , i agree most of the country is conservative as hell . 
  fiscally left wing and conservative is still conservative after all . 
  even in the tolerant areas i find germans often very unforgiving and morally `` hochm\u00fctig '' at times , with a worrying lack of awareness that systems designed to raise moral standards can actually have the opposite effect and actually be quite cruel . 
  there 's still somewhat of a lack of understanding for non-conformism when it takes an anti-authoritarian position imo . 
  au pairs tend to be more of a london middle class thing , as it 's london where the insane rental prices are and where young europeans desperately want to live because of the cool factor ( and opportunity to improve their english ) . 
  few things here . 
  `` ai n't '' is n't american slang , it harks back to 1709 and was actually used by the british aristocracy , but solely as a contraction of `` am not '' and nothing else . 
  at this point it was a perfectly good word with not negative association . 
  it only became considered improper because it was used in various dialects more widely ; not merely to mean `` am not '' , but was being used to replace all contractions of `` to be '' and not . 
  another thing he neglects to mention ( possibly due to bias an ame teacher ) is that `` ai n't got '' is forming the perfect tense with ai n't , in the same way that british english uses `` i have n't got '' more frequently than `` i do n't have '' ( both phrases meaning the same thing ) . 
  `` i have n't got '' has been denigrated by various influential american writers over time ( mark twain springs to mind ) , and thus never caught on in the us . 
  it 's the `` ai n't got '' , already being slang , avoided this proscription . 
  in many dialects `` ai n't '' can be used to form the present perfect when combined with a past participle form e.g `` i ai n't done it '' . 
  thus its meaning encompasses not only all the contracted forms of negations with the verb to be e.g i am not , he is not etc. 
  but also i have n't and he/she/it has n't etc. 
  when used to form the perfect . 
  ok let 's fix this . 
   bmw have drawn their first conclusions from brexit and apparently do not want to produce the electric version of the mini in britain . 
  in respect thereof , two possible locations in germany are being considered . 
   the car manufacturer is apparently considering the production of its british small car brand in germany . 
  the project is no longer set for the main plant in oxford . 
  the dax konzern are thinking of moving production to leipzig or regensburg , claims the `` handelsblatt '' with reference to the company 's inner circles . 
   additionally , the dutch contractor nedcar are also in the running , which already produces the mini-convertible and their off-road vehicles . 
  their spokesman declined to comment on the claims . 
   in the latter half of this year bmw will have to decide where the upcoming electric mini is to be built , claims the newspaper . 
  theresa may announced a so-called `` hard brexit '' - and thus the exit of britain not merely from the eu - but rather from the entire single market . 
  possible tariffs and other trade restrictions would raise the costs of production for exporters on the island . 
   in britain bmw are heavily involved with their sister companies rolls-royce and mini . 
  at present bmw build about 211,000 minis per years at their factory in oxford . 
  8 out of 10 vehicles built by the company in britain are exported abroad . 
   the ( still ) united kingdom is the 3rd largest export market for the munichians after china and the usa . 
  up to this point bmw have been selling more than 10 % of their cars there . 
  bmw therefore have something to lose . 
  as rolls-royce boss , torsten m\u00fcller-\u00d6tv\u00f6s , and bmw head of sales , ian robertson , already warned prior to the brexit vote , a withdrawal would increase production costs `` and could thereby have an impact on the number of employees '' . 
   rolls-royce operate a factory in goodwind . 
  in total 24,000 people work for bmw and their british sister companies on the island . 
  bmw have invested a total of 2.2 billion euros in their production plants in oxford , hams hall , swindon , and goodwood . 
   independent experts like stefan bratzel from the institute for economics bergische gladbach expect the gradual migration of car production away from great britain . 
  amongst car manufacturers bratzel sees bmw as being the most affected : as in 2015 more than half of the 200,000 minis produced on the island were exported to the eu . 
  this is also the case for a large proportion of the engines and components produced in great britain . 
  free trade is therefore of great importance for bmw , emphasised head of sales ian robertson . 
  the german source says the same thing . 
  military spending does actually benefit the country in the sense that hard power projection gets us a bigger say in many geopolitical issues . 
  the uk is one of the few european nations that actually fulfils its nato defined military spending requirement , and the uk military is crucial to the defence of the ex-soviet bloc from russia and any potential `` revolutions '' that they might want to stir up as in ukraine . 
  is there any reason why we could n't cut spending by 10 billion and give that money to the nhs / schools . 
  not much of one to be honest , but military spending is a bit of a sacred cow frankly . 
  a lot of people are pro-british armed forces , which means political backlash for any party that touches it , and it employees a lot of people , not just military personnel but also contractors , engineering firms etc. 
  whenever there 's a cut to military spending the right wing tends to get all up in arms claiming the nation 's international standing is being undermined . 
  it 's a political hot potato and nobody wants to go there . 
  i 'm quite ambivalent on the issue , as personally i do n't think having a military ~ ~ is n't ~ ~ is * a problem , it 's the gung ho politicians who control foreign policy that are more concerning . 
  lulz, 
  it 's not free, 
  it takes a lot of time , hours sitting with jumped up little stalins who feel as if it 's their job to make you jump through hoops to acquire citizenship , and plenty ridiculous byzantine paperwork that will make you want to give up and go live in desert instead . 
  some countries wo n't allow you to take another citizenship without giving up your old one . 
  it 's one thing to expect someone to take up citizenship at expense to themselves , but another thing to expect them to renounce all ties to their nation of origin . 
  they might feel secure in the country due to having misplaced faith in the british government and justice system that they 're never going to get kicked out when they 're law abiding citizens who contribute to the system and have such strong ties here . 
  in the case of eu citizens they mistakenly believed there was no way britain would ever be crazy enough to leave the eu and therefore their rights were protected by international law . 
  there are huge number of racist exceptionalists who seem to think people need to have to suffer to get a british passport , or that people should be clamouring to become nationalised just because they reside here . 
  i have to ask them , what did they do to earn british citizenship ? 
  i have a simple solution , make immigration law apply to everyone , if the white british patriots ca n't earn 35k a year or whatever it is let 's strip them of their rights to reside , it 's only meritocratic . 
  these notions of blood and soil need to die , the world is headed one way and britain is currently doing anything it can to go back in time . 
  that 's really all that this whole shift in politics is about is n't . 
  some people do n't like seeing non-white faces or hearing anything but local accents . 
  that 's basically the core of the alt-right despite their protestations . 
  honestly the fact there is n't a system is a beautiful reflection of the british character and you should be glad . 
  one thing about britain that i 've never seen anywhere else is the ability to get by more or less unproblematically without having a rule for every trivial thing . 
  ideally yes , the ultimate goal of humanity should be for their to be one nation called the earth . 
  we are all humans and ideally we would all have equal access to our planet . 
  yeah , i assume he ran because the gun was illegal . 
  he might have just been trying to throw it away , but if someone goes for a gun you obviously have to assume they 're going to use it . 
  hate to be harsh but that grad student sounded dumb as rocks . 
  i really would expect more from someone who had graduated in the subject . 
  perhaps a better way to get at the issue though is to think of it as discrete vs continuous . 
  within a binary system you can endlessly create additional precision/accuracy by adding more numbers , but you can never get to the truth because we tend to see the physical world as being continuous . 
  that 's not to say that there are n't scientific theories that see the world as breaking down into quantities of binary states ( albeit usually complicated by these states only existing upon observation ) . 
  at its core is the xeno paradox . 
  i would n't rush to undermine her intuition that the binary nature of computing could be relevant to the problem of consciousness . 
  honestly this is the point where neuroscience meets the philosophy of mind and in a greater sense a whole host of metaphysical problems that we struggle to answer about the nature of reality . 
  the question is really whether a sufficiently accurate simulation of a human brain would possess consciousness in the same sense as the physical brain that was copied . 
  it 's an interesting philosophical problem . 
  personally i tend to think it would . 
  however , this does n't mean that it 's necessarily possible that we 'd be able to decode thoughts and understand them as the physical level . 
  the problem is supervenience . 
  logically : if a has property x and b is physically identical to a then b has property x. 
  but not if a has property x then b has property x if and only if b is physically identical to a. 
  simply put , if something is physically identical to something else , then it has all the same properties , but that does n't mean that those properties can not be manifest only if something is physically identical to that thing . 
  i tend to see mental states as like those properties . 
  if you took a mental state like the feeling you had at 2.45:00 pm on your last birthday , it 's probably possible to recreate that mental state in some way that does n't require the thing possessing that mental state to be physically identical to your brain on your last birthday . 
  if this is true then we can assume that computer simulation could have same mental state , and it 's likely that it does assuming no other problems . 
  if it is n't true then the simulation might be consciousness but possess a non-identical mental state . 
  so here it gets complicated and we 'd need to really get into metaphysics to discuss what it means to be conscious before giving an answer . 
  this ultimately means we might never be able to decode mental states in the same way that receiving a certain string of data that represents a television transmission might be impossible to decode unless your have some idea about that that string of data represents . 
  much as how while we can take a concept like vehicle , and study and measure an immense set of data about known vehicles , it 's seem inherently impossible that we could ever give a mathematical description of what it is to be a vehicle .
