  the only difference is when a percentage of animals are harmed from darts nobody cares , but accidentally kill one human and you 're suddenly a bad guy . 
  the point is that using tranquilliser darts on humans wo n't just get you death , coma , and brain damage . 
  their use on humans would only be as deadly as their use on animals . 
  perhaps less deadly since how much better acquainted with human physiology and its reaction to drugs . 
  as for the time to take effect , there 's just not physical way for a drug to act instantly when delivered by dart , even if it 's very fast acting . 
  this is pretty much why they 're useless against humans , because in the time it takes to take effect that person might have shot someone or called for help . 
  why would it be . 
  a/c is n't really that necessary in homes until you get to about italy . 
  yep , you 'll realise you had an accident and then die shortly after instead . 
  your accent makes me sick . 
  goes very well with mdma . 
  i strongly disagree . 
  opiates are pure sedate euphoria . 
  euphoria does n't require that you be rushing about or have you mind going at a thousand miles a minute . 
  i would say a drug like amphetamine is the opposite of sedate , through and through stimulant , but it 's not particularly euphoric . 
  mildly at best , you do get that warm satisfied feeling when you take a fair bit of it , and it makes you feel ready to go even if you 're sleep deprived . 
  hardly that euphoric though , the main benefits are the energy and enthusiasm it gives regardless of how your body would feel otherwise . 
  coke is a bit more euphoric than standard amphetamine because of the numbing pain killing effect , particularly when combined with high doses of alcohol . 
  a small amount taken in isolation is n't particularly euphoric though , and most people will just get restless from that . 
  methamphetamine i 'm not qualified to talk about . 
  i would say that hallucinogenics are n't always euphoric either , something like cough syrup ( not codeine , the other stuff ) , ketamine , mushrooms , they 're not really euphoric at all . 
  you can have great experiences on them that do n't seem euphoric at all , they 're more transcendent than euphoric . 
  i think lsd is more of a euphoric experience though compared to other trips . 
  the real euphoric drugs imo are mdma and opiates . 
  it 's that exact same feeling of just being in love with the world . 
  for example , you 're sitting on a balcony at a friend 's party looking over a nice view of a river and a cityscape . 
  on straight uppers ( coke and amphetamine ) when you look at the view , it looks exactly the same as if you were sober , but you feel very strongly about what a great view it is and how great things are going for you to be here tonight looking at it , you wonder why you did n't appreciate the view more when you were last here , you ca n't wait to tell your friends about your thoughts and feelings on the view . 
  on hallucinogenics you look at the view and you it but simultaneously see something completely different , there are strange geometrical artefacts , looking at it feels a bit like a escher painting , the geometry feels wrong , all the surrounding information in your visual field is going crazy , making the night sky look like an impressionists interpretation , there are patterns on everything that seem to tessellate and shift in a way you ca n't really put your finger on , your reaction to this could be anything from incredibly moving spiritual experience to sheer terror , or something in between , depending on how your trip is going . 
  however , with mdma and opiates , drugs that trigger that real euphoria , you get that perfect feeling ( what lou reed was finding about ) . 
  you look at the view , it looks more or less like it does normally but it 's enhanced , the colours seem richer somehow , everything seem brighter , shimmering with some kind of invisible neon light , the composition is perfect , it 's as if the whole scene were crafted by an artist . 
  you literally feel like you could say looking at this view feeling this way forever . 
  the whole world seems lit up somehow , infinitely full of perfect things to experience . 
  you personally just feel amazing , you love the world and the world loves you . 
  you look in a mirror and you just ca n't look away , you see the face you are familiar with but in an aspect so different that it 's like seeing your face for the first time , you ca n't believe that 's you . 
  in fact your look around and everyone seems more perfect , the faces seem to radiate , they look nicer , more beautiful , more expressive . 
  you can feel a warmth in the pit of your stomach that radiates through you , even your stomach is happy and relaxed , you would gladly stay feeling this way forever . 
  ultimately the way that opiates and mdma get you to this state of euphoria are very different , one being more sedative and the other being more of a stimulant , but they both achieve the same thing in many ways . 
  it 's easy to see why people often get addicted to heroin starting through recreational opiate use , because it really is that good of an experience that the temptations would be to use it regularly . 
  the big difference between mdma and opiates like oxys is that mdma gives diminishing returns almost regardless of dosage . 
  if you take mdma over a course of a few nights , by night 3 you 're going to have to take a lot to achieve even what 1 pill did on the first night , by nights 4 and 5 you 're going to eating grams of mdma or handfuls of pills just for a mild buzz . 
  it 's inherently unsustainable . 
  opiates do n't have this mechanism . 
  sure tolerance does increase and higher dosages are needed once it does , however this tolerance increase is less steep and more linear , the diminishing returns are n't as bad . 
  this makes it easy to go many many days in a row recreationally abusing opiates , each time feeling as you got your money 's worth , and this is how addiction set it . 
  contrary to popular belief , one hit and you 're hooked for life is a complete lot of crap , you need sustained usage to become addicted , it 's just that opiates , like many other drugs , lend themselves to regular usage ( just like cigarettes , alcohol , and weed i 'll add ) , however , only opiates have the severe physical addiction element and withdrawal that ruin lives . 
  point is , many opiates are insanely euphoric , they 're just not associated with it because sedative effect means that their users are n't running around telling everyone who beautiful the world is , they 're just happy to sit back and passively appreciate it . 
  technique works perfectly to enhance the experience . 
  you 're missing out . 
  no , you definitely get more doing that . 
  on private property outside work or on public land ? 
  because in the former you 're free to litter with as many cigarette butts as you want assuming that whoever owns the land is cool with it . 
  if the owner is n't then it 's still a private matter between the property owns and the person littering . 
  even if it is on public land and there is a law against it , nobody is going to be willing to come out and catch your colleague in the act . 
  it 's just too trivial an infraction to anyone to bother . 
  no offence , but what you 're saying sounds like a bit of a passive aggressive move . 
  why do n't you talk to your colleague about it directly , or failing that simply ask your boss to politely ask them to stop doing it . 
  seriously though , read and study more , that 's what it comes down to . 
  i know a guy with an ma in biology that took him something stupid like 6 years to complete , doing two years of that without residency , working and studying at home in the hope of passing the next years exams . 
  it 's really dumb , ultimately it just came down to the fact that he could n't balance study and uni life . 
  if you pick a hard subject then you have to be prepared to have different study/life balance from a sociology student . 
  that 's just the way it is . 
  now you just have to learn to hate foreigners ( dark skin is ok but foreign accents are not ) , assume the uk is the best in every regard ( while simultaneously moaning about it ) , and deep down secretly hate everyone who is n't exactly like yourself , especially when it comes to class and region . 
  then you 'll be truly british , and be able to delude yourself into believing a little island in nw europe is much important and popular than it actually is . 
  do n't forget to reminiscence about the old days before `` political correctness went mad ! '', 
  and '' ` ealth and safety '' . 
  took over . 
  in fact , just inject the daily mail directly into your bloodstream and you 'll have englishness down to a tee . 
   i am genuinely concerned about some of the things i hear about europe thesedays, 
  nothing has changed , stop reading rupert murdoch 's drivel . 
   the third is the free movement which is what a lot of people have problems with . 
  the third is the freedom of movement which what a lot of uneducated angry small minded people have problems with . 
  it 's my opinion that you must either be uneducated , angry , or small minded to agree with the statement `` eu immigration is harming the uk '' . 
  i 'm sorry you do n't like it . 
  do you think people who hold the opinion `` the world is flat '' are n't stupid or insane . 
  do you respect opinions regardless of how well they match with reality ? 
  i live in a different country from my parents , so leaving the house might be hard . 
  i think that is a lie . 
  immigration does not lower wages for the vast majority of people . 
  places like sunderland voted leave because they were swayed by a false narrative . 
  places like sunderland were better and richer for their immigration , but people were convinced by a false narrative of nationalism and protectionism . 
  all i can say as an immigrant in a eu country is fuck you may , i will seek to undermine you at every turn . 
  if this government wants i hard brexit i will do everything i can to impede its progress . 
  the last scene in the gif has that , it takes a while to get there but it 's totally worth it . 
  i 'm sorry , i came home drunk and was angry reading this . 
  that i am . 
  i was going to say ... is this the guy who voices every pilot in every rts game ever ? 
  is there some law that says games must be voiced by him ? 
  or is there a law that only people that talk like him can be pilots ? 
  it 's a quote from the film aliens , it also appears in the starcraft games . 
  america - over 200 year long story of trying to prove to your parents you 've made it on your own . 
  not really something they `` did '' per se , but i assumed that all parents were at least 40 . 
  mid 30s when she had me , dad was over a decade older . 
  it just did n't occur to me that the majority of kids in my school had parents in their 20s , some of them had grandparents in their 40s . 
  honestly i think the age of your parents really does impact personality in a big way . 
  my parents were ok for the most part , and quite relaxed , they pushed us to get good grades but it was n't the intense guidance that some people 's parents insisted upon . 
  not did they freak out about danger and bubble wrap us , trusted us to not be too stupid . 
  thinking back , their age , and the fact my dad had another family when he was younger , probably was a big part of their parenting style . 
  quite old school i guess , since they came from the days when kids played freely in the street and went off on bike rides or whatever . 
  parenting was n't a big deal to them for the most part , and i 'm glad of that . 
  as the opposite , the really involved parent who micromanages your life choices and keeps you in sight at all times is pretty shitty .
