  what the fuck are you talking , the pound is currently at $ 1.31 , lower than its ever been in recent history , including during the period immediately after brexit . 
  the trend is entirely downwards, 
   and the ftse is in a better place than it was before brexit ( last time i checked ) - so the economic collapse is really yet to happen as it was threatened ? 
  the ftse is up due to the new economic policy the bank of england is having to implement as a result of the growing storm . 
  today mark carney gave the banks permission to start spending their emergency money to keep the flow of capital coming , which ultimately means they start spending the safety buffer we put in place after the 2008 disaster , that 's how bad things are , a recession is imminent , it 's just a matter of how bad and when ? 
   ww3 has n't broken out on the continent, 
  nobody said that would happen . 
   angela merkel and various other eu leaders have said that talks will be amicable , and merkel is pushing for junker to go , america has admitted that we are n't at the back of the queue and our special relationship will still stand , and india , s korea , canada , mexico and australia are already lining up to strike up trade deals . 
  nz even offered us their best negotiators ? 
  merkel and hollande are currently wetting themselves over our financial sector and how they 're going to divvy up those english jobs and tax revenues between themselves . 
  the us is waiting to hit us with a full fat ttip while we 're at our weakest . 
  everyone is gathering around to try and get a piece of the uk without a trade deal that suits them . 
  new zealand is just being nice to its former colonial master . 
   the worst thing about all of this is the political fallout , but as a long standing advocate of theresa may and somebody who ca n't abide corbyn , so far touch wood this has all worked out pretty well . 
  ah , yes , theresa may , with her record of spending millions of tax payers money on scientific research into drugs research and then dismissing it when it does n't give her the answers she wants . 
  with her snoopers charter and belief that online privacy and encryption should be done away with . 
  oh yes , with her rallies against the ( british invented ) european charter on human rights . 
  serious question because i 've never met someone who likes may before , but are you dracula , satan or the reanimated corpse of hitler ? 
  i kid , but it 's coming patently clear to me that the majority of the leave side do n't actually know what the economy is , and refuse to acknowledge that it benefits them , which is a big reason why we 're in this mess imo . 
  arguing on the economy to an economically illiterate segment of the population is foolish . 
  if we taught economics at gcse like we teach science or maths we might have had a chance . 
  typical leave voter :, 
  says, 
   `` made my mind up years ago that the eu was not the correct path in my view . 
  i did my own research before the date was even confirmed and sure many people were stuck in there way regardless they knew there vote before listening to whoever . '', 
  but does n't tell us what any of these valid reasons for leaving they researched actually were . 
  ( hint : it 's because they do n't exist ) . 
  but there are no valid reasons for brexit , nothing that can be supported by data of any kind , this is literally why the entire establishment is against it . 
  the only reasons to vote leave were because you 're racist , misinformed or because you want to make a protest against the political class , all of which are stupid ways to vote . 
  i 'm afraid as someone who has kept up with all the real information , and not the politicians lies , it 's hard not to read racist into it . 
  for example :, 
  lie - the uk is losing its sovereignty to the eu, 
  reality - no it 's not , and any constitutional expert could tell you so , therefore if you continue to believe that you might have ulterior motives, 
  lie - eu migrants are pushing down wages, 
  reality - all the data suggests that 's not happening , and even in specific badly hit areas like agricultural labour wage are only 2 % lower than we would have predicted from the rate of wage increase before the freedom of movement . 
  therefore anyone who thinks this has an ulterior motive . 
  lie : eu migrants are stressing our nhs , schools and other government services, 
  reality : eu migrants make a net contribution to our economy , this means that the nhs , schools , and government services should have more budget per capita to provide services with due to their presence , if they do n't it 's because the tax the government collects from eu migrants is n't reaching those services due to austerity implemented by the tory government . 
  anyone who still believes it 's the eu migrants fault must have an ulterior motive . 
  lie : leaving the eu will make us richer by saving us eu economic contributions, 
  reality : the uk had a great deal with the eu with out rebate + all the money coming back into the country and been given to the poorest areas ( good luck ever getting a uk government to invest money back into wales and cornwall ) . 
  the economic benefits of being the eu gained us far more than # 350,000,000 a week . 
  anyone who believes we 're better off must either be economically illiterate or have an ulterior motive . 
  see , quite imply , it 's hard not to think racism is a factor when all the fact were stacked in favour of remain . 
  i know that most leave voters are n't the `` get them out ! '', 
  type racists ( although a few like this exist ) , but it 's hard to not think of the majority of the leave crowd being biased by subconscious racism , xenophobia , or nationalism , when the facts are weighted so heavily against them and yet they persist with their beliefs . 
  yeah , sorry , but the brexiteers are spreading around this nonsense about how the economy is all rosy , however , the position of the bank of england is clear : `` recession is coming '' , it 's just a matter of when and how bad . 
   i 'll probably be dead within 7 years or so anyway so it 's not that big of a deal for me . 
  so you can enjoy the economic downturn but not see the fruits of recovery ? 
  those glorious benefits like getting the economy back to where it was pre-brexit , something we can all look forward to in 5-10 years time . 
  i suppose when there 's a bear outside your tent and someone says `` hey , there 's a bear outside our tent '' , that 's `` scaremongering '' too right . 
  people like mark carney , head of the bank of england , are just `` scaremongers '' right ? 
  the delusion of the leave side is funny . 
  i 'm going to laugh in a few weeks when petrol and food prices rise . 
  but when all the facts are against `` leave '' , it 's really hard not to assume that people who continue to support it either have ulterior motives , such as racism , or simply are n't able to comprehend those facts , in which case they may well be stupid . 
  just saying . 
  nice response . 
  breaking news : the pound just dropped even lower , threatening to enter the $ 1.20-29 range . 
  maybe he should work for a better newspaper . 
  what about the leavers :, 
  leaver : i want to leave because the uk is losing sovereignty, 
  remainer : no it 's not , here are the facts and evidence from constitutional experts, 
  leaver : but eu migrants are pushing down wages, 
  remainer : no they 're not , here 's the evidence that wages have n't decreased since freedom of movement , even hard hit sectors like agricultural labour are only down 2 % on what we 'd expect without freedom of movement . 
  leaver : but eu migrants are stressing our nhs and schools, 
  remainer : no they 're not , here 's the evidence showing their net contributions, 
  leaver : but we 'll have more money for the nhs if we do n't pay eu contributions, 
  remainer : no we wo n't , here 's the evidence showing how the eu economically benefits us by far more than 350 million a week . 
  leaver : err ... you 're just a an elite who does n't understand the plight of the british working classes . 
  remainer : no , i 'm not , i 'm probably poorer than you, 
  leaver : screw you !, 
  i 'm going to keep believing what i believe regardless , i 'm sick of facts and experts . 
  i know in my heart that britain will be stronger alone, 
  remainer : yes , that 's your subconscious racism and bigotry trying to justify your untenable position to you . 
  leaver : omg all remain elites do is patronise the working class by calling them racist and uneducated . 
  i know what 's right for my country !, 
  i do n't need facts to tell me that . 
  remainer : yes ... racists . 
  i do wonder if rupert murdoch is holding the uk government ransom right now , basically saying , `` you 've seen what i can do , if you give me what i want i can make this whole leave the eu idea go away '' . 
  the leavers are the ultimate snowflakes , they think their nation is special and guaranteed to walk away from this not smelling of shit . 
  i mean the boomers are the ultimate snowflakes growing up with jobs , education and housing on a plate , all the while convincing themselves they deserved it but the youth of today do not . 
  i will laugh when leavers are complaining they 're having to use food banks and are being laid off . 
  they were unprepared because nobody believed the uk was stupid enough to vote leave . 
  yes what , i ca n't feed myself on some vague belief that things 10-20 years down the line with be better than they would be if we stayed . 
  old folk are doing one last thing to try and keep the past alive before they die with a smug sense of self-satisfaction . 
  so i guess you did n't watch mark carney 's reports on the economy then . 
  it 's the murdoch run media who are being overly optimistic i 'm afraid . 
  no , we 're predicted a moderate recession right now , but nobody knows when or how bad it will be . 
  so far :, 
  - tories have broken their pledge to balance the deficit by 2020, 
  - interest rates liable to be cut, 
  - quantitative easing to be used to stabilise banks, 
  - banks given go ahead to spend emergency buffer money to free up capital, 
  - price of petrol and food to rise due to weak pound, 
  anyone was a basic understanding of economics can tell you this will negatively impact the economy and a recession will begin . 
  this in turn will lead to job loses , and pay rise freezes , lower rates of investment and so on . 
  this is survivable , but if it comes with the flight of manufacturing from the uk , and the lose of financial passporting for the banking sector , then it 's going to sting like hell . 
  there are actually no positives to being out of the eu . 
  this is a recession we 're thrusting upon ourselves for no other reason that dumb angry voters . 
  the smart segment of society is currently doing everything they can to ensure we do n't actually leave .
