  the legal system is harsh as fuck e.g a judge having the power to set very high bail fees over relatively minor crap , whereas in other countries `` bail '' is n't even permitted or is heavily regulated as to only affect more serious crimes . 
  plenty of people get chucked into jail for long stretches without their guilt being ascertained simply because they 're too poor to pay an arbitrary fee . 
  another example might be how criminal records in the us do not `` expire '' unless they are officially removed by a court and anyone convicted of a felony ( and the difference between a felony and misdemeanour being ridiculous at times ) , can have their life ruined for good . 
  like typical ideologues you choose to focus on the `` principles '' of freedom enshrined in your holy constitution rather than actually thinking about what real personal freedom you have . 
  a country like germany might have some of the strictest hate crime laws in the world but it when it comes to being able to go about your business in public without interference it 's far out performing the us . 
  in the us there 's a whole industry in harassing the public in the form of police busywork trying to get people for minor traffic violations and drug possession charges . 
  then you can consider the right to privacy , which is virtually non-existent in the us whereas many other countries enshrine such rights in law . 
  the fact is you only think america is `` great '' because you 've been told that by your culture in subtle ways every day since you started watching television or joined education . 
  america is n't the only country with personal freedom or civil rights , in fact , america lacks many things other developed nations take for granted in regard to freedom , which is ironic as freedom seems to be the idea americans hold most sacred . 
  america is no greater than any where else frankly , and comes in pretty average in most metrics when compared to developed countries . 
  the only things america strikes the rest of the world at great at are 1 ) avoiding having its economy and infrastructure destroyed twice in one century 2 ) having a large population ( by far the largest of any developed nation ) 3 ) enacting business favourable legislation and getting its population to support it . 
  the only thing as far as i can see that americans should be grateful for are the economic opportunities for higher earners , and that 's assuming that you are in fact a higher earner . 
  having the right to shout nazi slogans in public ? 
  not so much . 
  i 'd rather risk being arrested for that in europe than risk having to go through the byzantine process that is the american judicial system . 
  when it comes to freedom much of europe would be preferable . 
  the blasphemy thing was just a political charade to draw attention to the out dated and absurd blasphemy laws that are still in effect in ireland . 
  nobody really wanted to convict stephen fry , but you know some americans will use this as an argument that europe ( it 's one place you know ) is authoritarian . 
  just because most people do n't support a law does n't mean it 's not controversial to remove them . 
  there are religious nuts everywhere after all . 
  fry was being used to get publicity for the issue . 
  more like you 've been singing the national anthem wrong and painting the union jack wrong since 1776 . 
  you 'd think after vietnam , iraq , and afghanistan you guys would understand the importance of homeside advantage . 
  then you realise the british were projecting power half a world away in the age of sail . 
  the only treason i see here is one committed by that treacherous george washington . 
  [ should 've let the french have you smh ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_and_indian_war ), 
  edit : over reactive ? 
  any more over reactive than claiming europe lacks freedom because it has laws against publicly promoting antisemitism , racial hatred , nazism etc ? 
  as if the freedom to do this were somehow important ? 
  none of it 's untrue . 
  the downvotes just demonstrate how brain washed they keep you folks . 
  completely unaware of how you are perceived from the outside . 
  please tell which of these are untrue ? 
  1 ) the us scores poorly for press freedom compared to many developed countries . 
  2 ) civil forfeiture is a legitimate thing under us law and does n't require proof of a crime . 
  3 ) there are numerous cases of people spending months in jail before going to court in the us just to be found not guilty and be let free . 
  all because they could n't make bail . 
  4 ) us judges have pretty much free reign when it comes to arraignment and bail fees . 
  which of these are untrue ? 
  seriously , americans are one of the few nations that have such a huge number of people who are offended by the notion that their nation is n't the best ( russians tend to do this too ) . 
  i mean i can understand being pissed off when someone just irrationally shits all over your country and claims it 's the just the worst , that 's not true , but to be offended just by challenging your assumption of being number one , that 's some serious brainwashing right there . 
  you might see yourself as a bastion of freedom but the objective reality disagrees and as such only americans have this image of themselves as enjoying more freedom than in other nations . 
  it 's enjoyable how you claim i 'm lying , when everything i say can be researched and demonstrated empirically . 
  i can sense the cognitive dissonance causing your to reject what i 'm saying from a thousand miles away buddy . 
  ultimately `` greatness '' is subjective . 
  but i personally ca n't see anything great about the us . 
  seems pretty middle of the row when compared to other developed nations . 
  yeah what 's better . 
  living with the risk of going to anti-semetic humour or living with the risk of being four times more likely to be murdered ? 
  risk being jailed or genocide jokes or living with a police force that has no accountability . 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't handle reality buddy . 
  nothing of what i said was untrue . 
  when you wake up to the fact you 're living in a country closer politically to russia than to the rest of the west you 'll figure it out . 
  i wish you could experience what living a legitimately nice country was , i really do , but you 've been programmed not to see and now you 're blind to it . 
  because our country is economically illiterate and they 've been playing us like a fiddle . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  1984 because some guy goes to court over a video with `` gas the jews '' in it ? 
  most likely to get a slap on the risk punishment if convicted at all . 
  what planet do you live on . 
  itt : americans with high principles while their police shoot innocent people and do n't even lose their jobs . 
  maybe the fact they 'd just used their free speech to successfully stage a revolution from the largest empire in history was a factor . 
  does n't make them correct . 
  looks like south america . 
  i 'm going to say as standards go there this is hardly that heinous . 
  i like how all police are `` the cops '' . 
  the deepest problem with the law is that is can not discern someone 's intentions , rather it can only look at the facts . 
  it has to define the rule of law linguistically , meaning any instance that is suspected to meet the criteria of an instance of a certain type must be investigated regardless of intention of the person accused of a crime . 
  for example , if murder is defined as unlawful killing , any instance of unlawful killing must be investigated , even if that person killed someone firing a machine gun into a group of school kids ; it 's necessary that the law is applied to the situation . 
  this does n't meant that the law must convict the person . 
  it just means there should be a trial . 
  categorically , what is guy did in this video could meet those criteria and thus it is being investigated . 
  do i think that it 's right that he has to be investigated ? 
  no , i do n't , i think the law obviously needs some fine tuning if these videos were enough to have him taken to court . 
  do i think he should be punished ? 
  no , i do n't . 
  i do n't think what he did here constitutes `` hate speech '' , and while it might be offensive to some it 's not an incitement to violence . 
  whether he gets punished or not will be a good test to see if the really works or not to be honest . 
  i 'm no fan of that law , and if he is punished then i think it 's a failure of that . 
  bear in mind this has n't even gone to trial yet . 
  do i feel sorry for the guy because of the hindrance to his career ? 
  obviously yes , as i do n't think should 've been investigated at all . 
  but at the same time i do n't think he understands his situation or he 's lying about . 
  even if what he says is true he currently has a job , he just wants a new job because it does n't pay well enough and the looming court date is hindering his ability to get a new job . 
  he 's being a bit melodramatic , it 's not that he ca n't get a job but rather that he ca n't change his job , which sucks but is n't the end of the world given it 's only for a few months . 
  i do n't think it 's true though because employers can only ask if you have any convictions . 
  what they do n't ask is whether you 're currently on trial . 
  he describes this `` pending conviction '' . 
  this is not the case . 
  either he has misunderstood the law or he his being intentionally dishonest . 
  i 'm pretty sure he has no legal requirement to disclose to employers that he has been charged with a crime . 
  you are innocent until proven guilty . 
  i 'm not sure what a `` pending conviction '' would be , but i guess it might be describing situations where your guilt is already ascertained but you have n't yet been convicted or sentenced , for example , if you 've already plead guilty to a minor crime ( no time in jail ) but the case has n't yet been concluded . 
  ultimately , my suspicion is that , if convicted , he 'll get a very minor punishment , and there 's a good chance he wo n't be convicted at all . 
  what i object to is foolish americans claiming that his case in an example of why they should count themselves lucky to live in the us , as if the situation with respect to personal liberties or anti-authoritarianism were any better there . 
  there are thousands of things that go in the us every day that constitute abhorrent infractions of rights and borderline fascist treatment of the populace . 
  it 's only because freedom of speech is enshrined in the constitution , that has a nigh on religious significance in american culture , that most americans choose to focus on this one particular issue rather than others . 
  the notion that someone could be charged for saying something highly offence like `` gas the jews '' is only shocking to them because of a somewhat irrational glorification of the past , while american police officers are able to shoot deaf people for not responding to their commands and do n't even suffer ramifications for it . 
  trying to take the moral how ground because of this . 
  to feed their self-serving narrative that europe is somehow totalitarian ( it 's not , in fact it 's in many ways freer than the us ) , just to convince themselves where they live is better is pure bs . 
  i mean listen to the rhetoric , hed `` romanticised living in other countries '' and americans should be grateful for how good they 've got it .
