  but there is a marked difference in the american attitude , as far as many americans see it they do not need the rest of the world and need have nothing to do with it . 
  fyi i like plenty of americans and have many family members have there , but there is no denying that they take longer to adapt to our culture when they come here , and suffer from culture shock in a way that europeans and most commonwealth residents do n't . 
  [ watch this if you want to know the social perception of americans in general ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cb2ncqfppsy&amp;t=86s ), 
  that 's no true , you inherited our system of common law , many other laws were copied virtually word for word . 
  you have protestantism and the values that come with it . 
  your political system shares many commonalities even if it 's not entirely the same . 
  the wasp demographic in america has been the most influential for large periods of time . 
  britain was definitely the biggest cultural influence on america . 
  it 's not just a matter of being more different either . 
  the same culture shock is not felt so readily in reverse . 
  americans on average simply do n't look outwards to other nations , and it sets them apart from the rest of the anglosphere . 
  the clich\u00e9 is that americans travel the world and do n't integrate with the culture , staying in their `` we are american and therefore different '' mentality and take america wherever they go . 
  i can tell you as a fact this is not a fantasy but based on the behaviour of a percentage of americans who are can do nothing other than feel they are the centre of the world and that anything else is just quaint foreign bizarreness . 
  truth is you exaggerate your differences , and fail to realise that 200 years is not a long time and this day and age a different continent is not very far away . 
  put it this way , we have many visitors from all over the world in the uk , every city and major town has a decent sized immigrant and foreign resident population . 
  some of them come from less developed parts of the world and some of them know nothing of uk and greater world culture . 
  however many are the opposite and actually compensate and know stuff that puts many born here to shame . 
  this is probably because they want a chance to improve their lives and know education is a good way to do this . 
  then again we have lots of visitors from the eu and commonwealth . 
  we also have plenty of americans that make the uk their home . 
  now the people who come from undeveloped countries get a free pass because of their situation . 
  but out of the developed nations it seems like americans on average know the least comparatively about not only our own culture but also other foreign cultures such as other european countries and developed nations farther afield . 
  what they do seem to know a lot about in their own culture , in that they know loads about american history and little of anyone else 's . 
  so comparatively they seem the most inward looking nation . 
  nor do they have the excuses of being from an undeveloped country or even not speaking english . 
  americans seem the least curious about how things are done elsewhere . 
  consequently people are not drawn to american charms like they are to the irish or australian , which makes it harder to accept them . 
  they are the odd ones out since they have to constantly refer back to american things . 
  but you should also know many americans fit in very well here , but i would say there are more cases of americans finding it hard to adapt than any other nationality coming from the developed world , people are more distrustful of them because they are the most unacquainted with our way of thinking . 
  seriously ? 
  first thing i do is figure out somewhere i can hold the money i have temporarily whilst i proceed with sorting it out . 
  find a number of secure investments i can put the money in . 
  find some financial investors i can trust wo n't do anything untoward with my money to oversee this . 
  then i 'd set up a trust fund for a large chuck of the money , making sure my family is secure and receives a large chunk of money every year from the interest but is not be able to get at it , so i know they 'll be secure for life and there will be less chance of disputes over how much hard cash i should give out and who gets what leading to resentment . 
  then i 'd give a large chunk of the money to charities that i think are worthwhile . 
  the rest of the money i 'd see invested over a large number of safe bets to return a comfortable rate of interest so the money is n't wasted in some bank account . 
  i might retain 20 million as my personal cash and maybe 50 million to work on my personal investments that would be more about doing things i find interesting than getting a return on my investment . 
  then i 'd buy a few houses around the world . 
  maybe a house in san francisco or new york . 
  a flat in london . 
  a house in rural england . 
  a flat in germany . 
  buy my family houses . 
  buy a couple of nice cars . 
  then i 'd just idle away my time patronising projects and investing money where it 's needed and live to a ripe old age without worrying too much about anything . 
  to be fair i think there are a lot of people in the uk who would have liked to have gone to live in ireland before and could n't because of the political situation up until about 15 years ago . 
  also lots of irish community in the uk already and lots of them decide to live here for a bit . 
  all that was only agreed in 1998 in the good friday agreement , just over 15 years ago . 
  people would 've be much less prepared to go in the 80s and early 90s . 
  you realise as recently as 1996 200 people were killed in manchester by the ira ? 
  the end of an umbrella is called a ferrule just so you know . 
  i was going to say this is the perfect place for a serial killer, 
  but the sheep are going to contaminate each other with their bacteria anyway so who cares ? 
  you could simply rinse off the tool after each use with a hose . 
  human mouth bacteria could be foreign to sheep especially if introduced to a wound which is more of a concern . 
   being the best in the world at something is very american, 
  really ? 
  implying europeans do n't equally want to win the masters ? 
  or us tennis players want to win more at wimbledon ? 
  pretty sure everyone wants to be best at the world , it 's not an `` american '' thing . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/magazine-20756247 ), 
  at least i 've got free healthcare for that . 
  i suppose that 's true unless you count wars and sports other nations give a shit about . 
  also this is the nation that has to invent new sports just so it can call itself world champion . 
  boxing , tennis , golf , football ? 
  nope, 
  that 's your fault for being american though . 
  seriously every other english speaking nation can understand each other just fine . 
  americans just are n't equipped with the skills to understand accent because america wo n't even watch foreign tv unless it 's remade for us . 
  individually your fine , as a nation you 're a bunch of entitled wankers, 
  the only ones who will call a shit sandwich `` the greatest nation on earth '', 
  the only nation on earth that campaigns for the rights of millionaires to keep fucking them in the ass . 
  this is an abomination, 
  always refer to upboats as upboats . 
  always call female redditors `` m'lady '' , if someone gives you gold you must always write `` thanks for the gold kind sir !, 
  '' , when wanting to secretly identify redditors the code is `` the narwhal bacons at midnight '' , this will always endear people to you and not at all put you at the same level as a v mask wearing losers . 
  for added karma always start posts with `` as an american/black man/vagina owner '' . 
  works a charm ... 
  its relative age as a country is hardly remarkable , same for its castle per square mile ratio . 
  freedom to get high ? 
  after spending a few months in germany practising german and then going to holland it was a seriously weird . 
  before i started learning german sounded similar to dutch . 
  now dutch sounds to me like someone speaking german with a heavy hill billy style southern american drawl to the point of incomprehensibility , often with a few english words thrown in for good measure . 
  woah there , i was joking about it being your fault , and it is true that americans tend to struggle with foreign accents more than other countries , although i 'm sure you 're better at understanding aav or hill billy or whatever . 
  people who think baths are gross . 
  people who whine about the absence of mixer taps in some places in the uk . 
  these people are the worst , just be glad you have functional plumbing . 
  in this moment i am euphoric in the knowledge that there is no god . 
  actually that 's the closest approximate sound i would think because there are english dialects that use - f and - v to replace to two different - th sound . 
  so thing = fing , south = souf , brother = bruvver . 
  neither exist in french nor in the majority of languages, 
  but not german oo, 
  do n't be thick . 
  you should know the us ca n't name cities without plagarising . 
  fyi the american birmingham is less than a 5th the size of the original . 
  til the 6.75 billion ppl outside the us are n't real, 
  do n't be a moron . 
  the french - cr is a totally different sound to the english - cr . 
  it just happens they are represented with the same letters because of loan words . 
  kwasson is a far better approximation than saying crass on .
