  they are tools of social engineering rather than institutions aimed at producing knowledge . 
  i 'm sorry but if you want to learn communication skills and other cultures university is the most inefficient way imaginable . 
  you pick up soft skills like that in the workplace , you do n't learn them from a professor . 
  yet america would probably have more progress in the field of mathematics if they focussed only mathematics . 
  your enjoyment of diversity does not come very high on the list when it comes to discoveries that could influence the future of the entire human race . 
  look at the irish , german , or french systems of secondary education then , as they focus more breadth at that level ( school being the time it makes sense to focus breadth of knowledge over depth ) . 
  so do n't make people go straight to uni at 18 . 
  work for a few years to decide what you want in life . 
  do n't force people to pay tonnes of money doing subject for their general benefit rather than teaching them their chosen path . 
  hell , most of what you learn in first year at uni does n't need to be taught by a professor ( and often is n't ) . 
  give people the opportunity to gain this knowledge cheaply before starting university . 
  yes and no . 
  i know people who 've tutored people for oxbridge ( former teacher and career adviser at eton college ) . 
  oxbridge care about your personality and how you stand out . 
  what they 're really looking for if whether they think you have the right mindset and capacity for independent thought . 
  extracurricular can help insofar as it can indicate to them that you 're this type of person . 
  however , if you think a list of extracurricular boxes you 've ticked is going to sway them then you 'd be wildly mistaken . 
  you can be your schools golden boy but it wo n't matter a damn if they think you 're a boring unconventionalist who 's been trained to give safe answers rather than demonstrate the capacity for individual thought . 
  the biggest mistake people make going into those interviews is thinking they want you to trot out safe answers as if it were a job interview for example . 
  they want to see that you 're an individual character who is going to be able to hack it with the kind of academic freedom you 'll have at oxbridge . 
  so do n't make it the norm to go to uni at 18 , make it 21 or 23 or whatever . 
  why bother spending lots of money having universities acting in loco parentis and playing a pastoral role . 
  seems like a great money spinner for the institutions but little else . 
  not at all . 
  i 'll [ refer you to this post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/6b9ap6/serious_people_who_check_university_applications/dhl4kow/?utm_content=permalink&amp;utm_medium=user&amp;utm_source=reddit&amp;utm_name=frontpage ), 
  point is that at oxbridge you 'd be better off doing one really remarkable extracurricular that distinguished you than a having a list as long as your arm where you 've hit all these boxes as is the strategy of many us university applicants ( e.g one sport , one artistic/musical , one community based etc. ), 
  they 're not looking for well-roundedness they 're looking for exceptional people . 
  the us education system is bewildering to me . 
  in most countries most educational institutions are just buildings you attend to learn things and go home . 
  american school seems almost like a cult ( more similar to the ethos you find in elite institutions abroad ) , however publicly funded . 
  excelling in school in the us seems to be a lot about social standing and influence more than purely objective academic assessment . 
  extracurriculars are how teachers , and by extension the government ( as teachers follow government policy ) , act as gatekeepers , deciding who is deserving of progressing to the next social level and who is n't . 
  people who `` play ball '' within the system succeed while the ability of those who do n't to acquire social capital is impeded . 
  this is true in all countries to some degree of course , but in the us is seems even more transparent and brutally effective methods are used and in my experience americans are deeply socialised with beliefs about what is and is n't acceptable at a young age in a way that other countries are n't . 
  and while i 'm perfectly willing to concede that academia can not exist in a vacuum , and that the interaction between employers , both public and private sector i 'll add , and universities can not but define the expectation of students and the role academia plays in society , i do n't see see it as good or healthy for academia to embrace this role as a machine for turning out workers . 
  high fees simply aggravates the problem and students start to demand to see roi from their studies , meaning the ideals of the pursuit of knowledge fall long by the wayside . 
  as universities ca n't help but be defined by these socio-cultural factors there is no need to actively do so , not if we want to retain the far more noble and ultimately long term beneficial strategy of academia 's primary role being to produce knowledge that will advance future generations . 
  actually both are true , both kind of academic exists . 
  but the point is that the relationship well roundedness and success is actually irrelevant to academia . 
  nor should be giving the school system or university system the power to determine the well roundedness of the individual , and whether someone will go on to have general success in life is not the universities business . 
  this is a beautiful fairness to the notion that should someone want to study mathematics all that should matter is their understanding of mathematics , and nothing else . 
  anything else is a perversion of the pursuit of knowledge for ulterior motives . 
  and yet i 'd feel vastly safer in low corruption western europe than in high corruption south america . 
  deportation time . 
  oh and both words are pronounced the same . 
  sound like you were trying to do research on a taught master 's . 
  arguable you are not at a level where you can do research of your own until you 've finished your taught master 's . 
  a research master 's is a slightly different beast and is more of a pathway to a phd . 
  even if your original theory was sound it 's a bit audacious to try to formulate something like that without being `` qualified '' for research . 
  in my experience the uk system puts more focus on getting a very precise and proven understanding of material than the us . 
  anecdotally , people who did semesters abroad in the us that i know found the courses they were able to take laughably easy and treated it like a party semester because they were getting multiple choice exams and things that would never fly on a uk bachelor 's course . 
  strange choice of quote . 
  that 's a naive reading . 
  i think it 's the opposite frankly . 
  britain has one of the longest traditions of classical education , traditionally occurring in private all male institutions . 
  the liberal arts was at the heart of education system . 
  the reality is that you get a classical education at a liberal arts college , you do n't study the trivium or quadrivum , you do n't focus history and philosophy . 
  nowadays i think it 's the us system that more aimed at producing competency in the economic sector , due to a process of intense socialisation meaning only people who can work effectively with others get to the that level . 
  which is what business wants . 
  meanwhile the british system is more academically pure in the sense that it rewards academic excellence only , and little else will reward you ( at least when it comes to your degree ) . 
  it 's america whose education system is based around the needs of the day , and sadly the british system is becoming more like it . 
  the application essay was to exclude jews ? 
  i would 've thought jews would excel at writing application essays . 
  i do n't think being well rounded in sports , music , or community service will improve you as a writer . 
  also , who decides what 's well rounded ? 
  are you going to get extracurricular credit because you 're an enthusiastic stamp collector or alternative history writer ? 
  you 'll get it for being on sports teams , playing musical instruments , and all the other bourgeois activities that secondary education holds up as desirable . 
  you could be an incredibly well rounded person who takes is involved their community , responsible well beyond their years , and is intellectually independent , and you 'll lose out to someone who has the right things `` on paper '' . 
  my guess is you 're going to say jealous or something . 
  because that 's the go to when someone wants to shut down a discourse that criticises what is perceived as achievement . 
  the reality is that i 've finished my education and now work in the education sector , i 'm entitled to my opinions about educational methodology even nobody agrees with them , but given how most of these posts are coming up as controversial then i 'm going to assume at least some people do . 
  why not either make exams harder , or have applicants be subject to further testing so they can distinguish themselves academically rather than basing that decision on a whether someone was able to impress the 50 year old football coach or charm the frumpy middle aged music teacher enough to get them on an extracurricular programme . 
  well i hear that in the us the finals ba stuff is just as hard as in the uk ba finals but the first two years in the us are bit of a joke in comparison . 
  given the breadth of knowledge students are studying before they specialise in the us that is n't surprising . 
  i know the poem i just wondered why you chose it . 
  oh i see , so they were n't doing it fairly it was just a pretext . 
  because to me an application essay seems a much fairer way to decide who can study what than choosing the guy who was on a sports team over the guy who was n't . 
   but they also require a decently well rounded approach because a computer programmer or scientist or lawyer or doctor with no sense of history or ethics has the potential to do more harm than good in the world . 
  and a historian or writer or teacher with no sense of math or law or technology is going to get left behind in a changing world . 
  which is all well and good , but i thought that was why we had schools for kids to study a wide range of materials before spending a huge sum of money on a career . 
  furthermore , i think the idea that a few intro to history or philosophy classes for someone who is going to be a computer scientist , lawyer , or doctor is hardly going to prevent them from murdering patients for their wills , fraudulently suing public institutions , or hacking to acquire data to sell on the black market , and it 's kinda patronising to think it will . 
  nor are a few classes on calculus or set theory going to significantly impact a historian or writers technological literacy . 
  this kind of moral instruction is the responsibility of both parents and teachers of much younger people . 
  it makes sense for moral instruction to occur in one 's formative years . 
   in agreement with your second point , my phd supervisor was a really talented scientist , but flunked his history gcse . 
  he actually did n't get into good undergraduate courses as a result , but none of this stopped him from being a very successful scientist . 
  it did n't stop him but it endangered it . 
  had things been a bit different then he might not have made it . 
  do you really want to risk that just because it 's expedient or good for business to put focus on well rounded applicants ? 
  or should we let any freak , weirdo , or problem child have a shot at the highest level of education provided they can meet a narrow range of criteria that are specifically to do with that pursuit . 
  i definitely think the latter results in more diversity of thought than focussing extracurricular . 
  to be fair though , the diversity aspect seems like bs anyway . 
  if extracurricular is the focus , then students of the kind who excel in extracurricular will go to university . 
  letting any freak , weird , or problem child who can show they are able to excel in the very narrow skill set required to study their chosen field seems to me like a way to ensure a more diverse school of thought . 
  people who excel in extracurricular at a school level seem to me to typically be conventional , at ease with authority , and personable types . 
  do we really want to ensure that most students are conventional , at ease with authority , and personable ? 
  except it 's not this fair playing field you 're suggesting because extracurricular is n't just this free and open space any activity can fill . 
  let 's look at two examples . 
  chad and eugene . 
  eugene is a borderline asperger 's case from a poor uneducated family with ocd tendencies and a tendency towards escapism .
