  yes you can . 
  most the people were happy . 
  it 's absolutely grammatically perfect . 
  it 's merely your dialect that deems it wrong . 
  well in the uk a gentleman 's shoes are never dirty , he has hiking boots/wellington boots/galoches for that type of country business and if you 're from a family in the uk for whom shoe removal is the norm then your blood is probably distinctly unblue , or at least that 's what it used to be . 
  with a national population on par with london sverige can not into relevance !, 
  wow such science , such logeic . 
  `` most the people '' 3,110,000 results `` most of the people '' 385,000,000 results . 
  it entirely depends where you were brought up . 
  `` most the time '' even more common 14,500,000 results . 
  what are n't you getting about this , it entirely depends on which dialect you were brought up with as standard . 
  what you 're saying is like me asking you why you say `` you 've gotten dressed '' instead of saying `` you 've got dressed '' . 
  it 's an entirely retarded discussion . 
  yes it 's odd different cultural rules about this one exist . 
  i think in more traditionally working class households in the uk it 's the norm since in those days people might only have one pair of shoes , on the other hand can you imagine the folk in downton abbey wandering around barefoot , naturally if their shoes were dirty they 'd simply have the footman bring them another pair before they crossed the threshold . 
  you hate an encyclopaedia ? 
  i think you just went full retard ... 
  i too as a child saw this shit and thought that 's how fighting working . 
  then i had some fights with people a lot heavier/taller than me and realised it 's not ... 
  dear fucking god . 
  you 've got dressed is standard everywhere bar america and canada . 
  `` gotten '' has been considered archaic for well over one hundred and fifty years elsewhere . 
  this is like talking to a fucking retard . 
  clearly you know nothing about linguistics and this is like talking to an ape . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'll have heard people saying `` most the time '' , some accents/dialects readily drop the `` of '' , google is not all knowing , yet google shows 14,500,000 results for that . 
  now please for the love of god pull your head out your arse, 
  seriously i ca n't tell if you 're trolling now . 
  i 'll troll you back shall i by saying . 
  `` herp derp , gotten is n't even a word , it 's not in the dictionary . 
  it means nothing . 
  the past participle of `` to get '' is `` got '' . '', 
  or i could just logic by saying '' since no past ( `` i gotted '' ) exists . '', 
  is the dumbest statement made in the history of language , are you retarded , have you ever heard of an irregular verb ? 
  i suppose `` i 've worked '' is also incorrect since no past participle form of `` worked '' exists . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're not even from england , consequently your english is broken qed . 
  speaking anything else but the queen 's english makes you sound like an uneducated nincompoop , whatever else you think about the matter , that is indisputable . 
  pretty soon you 'll be telling me that american english is anything more than a backwards barbarous pidgin spoken by a nomadic people without their own language . 
  after all , it 's archaic to use the possessive apostrophe now is n't it ? 
  at least she did n't call it a pound sign though . 
  reading your dun dahs i just assumed you meant [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pq-i3rgj8qc ) , was i right ? 
  er . . he 's not jewish, 
  [ doing god 's work son ] ( https://i.imgflip.com/dp2jb.jpg ), 
  not available in your country ... my country is germany ... 
  obligatory, 
  soho on a friday night, 
  answer : god gives freedom contingent on paytriot sacrifices , therefore god likes dead marines !, 
  blood for the blood god !, 
  that someone 's name ? 
  i 've actually had my car keyed for parking in `` someone 's space '' , it 's absolutely unbelievable how entitled some cunts are in the uk . 
  same cunts who are voting for ukip and banging on about british jobs for british workers , when really they 're just looking for something to blame for them being poor and unable to afford a house with a drive . 
  you do n't come here to fight motherfucka !, 
  you come here to deny the existence of aids !, 
  those things are demonstrably and absolutely nothing to do with immigration . 
  more people = more tax simple as , every immigrant ( on average ) pays more tax than is spent on them ( on average ) , not to mention the money they generate within the economy that is n't going to the government but is spent in businesses around the uk . 
  the problems you mention are nothing to do with immigrants but entirely to do with the use of tax money by governments and the global downturn . 
  reducing immigration will not do anything to help it , it 's like downsizing a company but doing nothing about the profit margins . 
  downsizing might buy some time but if the company continues to operate at a loss it 's not going to benefit anyone long term , not to mention the reduced number of employees will mean an overall smaller less important company with lower turnover . 
  i 'll tell you how i got from the clip to that , the uk harbours too many ill educated , entitled , want to be salt of the earth types who are dragging the nation downwards with their uselessness within the modern economy . 
  exactly like this buffoon who thinks that he owns the parking space in front of his house . 
  unless these people realise that its simply not good enough the uk will flounder whilst nations not hung up on ideas of what their supposed birthright entitles them to streak ahead . 
  passive aggressive , uptight , troglodyte loser the lot of them i 'm afraid . 
  god i hate these entitled pricks . 
  so why do n't weak puny men get the same preference ? 
  i was just waiting for her to start shouting `` alley property ! '', 
  i 'm afraid i do n't agree at all . 
  germany takes more immigration with less education than the uk and still doing far better than the uk is economically . 
  farms are irrelevant the uk has n't been about to support itself with it 's own produce since before ww2 . 
  eu immigration is a massively positive thing , they share our values and to integrate to british society , the number of business i 've seen grown by eu immigrants that serve the community at large rather than merely their own insular communities is so great , immigration before the eu was far more disastrous and harmful to british society . 
  ultimately the last thing we want to do is leave the eu over free movement , numerous businesses and communities would be damaged massively . 
  if you want someone to blame then blame the politicians , but the british ones not the eu ones . 
  nigel farage is a walking turd and no better than the eton cronies or wimpy milliband . 
  we should be demanding more from our politicians and supporting the eu as a far more competent leadership than the bloody idiots we have at home . 
  i 'm sorry your life is shit and you need to blame immigrants for your shitty life : , 
  man the responses on that thread are just nationalistic shit postings from both sides , british or no ... 
  i want to post the fact that china just exceeded the us as the world 's largest economy in gdp/ppp but i wo n't because that would be against the rules :(, 
  ok so why are you talking shit about london immigrants ? 
   why do n't you have a parking based barney in the vibrant and diverse neighbourhoods in london and see how you get on . 
   vibrant and diverse, 
  ** `` we enter drunk with fire '' **, 
  hear hear !, 
  let 's federalise this shit !, 
  * ( we 're keeping the queen and the commonwealth though but let 's face it they do n't do shit anyway ), 
  wow you must have an iq lower than frog spawn if you think they were condoning that shit , spoiler but fyi it does not end well for either the seducers or the tutor . 
  i mean seriously the programme is called `` black mirror '' , it 's meant to be a reflection of the nastier sides of society , are you so blinded by your sjw causes you ca n't even appreciate artistic critique , seriously go fuck yourself . 
  ok so let 's break this down since i just watched this . 
  story one : man meets woman who just happens to be insane , nothing to do with her being a woman . 
  the story serves as an anti-pick up artist message condemning those actions as reductionist and perverse . 
  story two : woman chooses to have surgery that allows for perfect household maintenance , oblivious to the suffering she 's inflicting upon the female copy of herself . 
  male lead plays the truly sadistic role of ensuring the copy 's compliance . 
  story three : woman blocks man out of guilt due to having a child from another father , to avoid the issue further he is blocked from interacting with her or the offspring . 
  man then goes on to brutally murder the mother 's father and child . 
  story four : man is convicted of murder through the confession of his duplicate . 
  a mixed gender group of police then decide to inflict millions of years of solitary confinement with an unavoidable playlist of christmas music in the background upon the copy of the perpetrator . 
  so we have two women who were `` bitches/insane '' , one who suffering from mental illness entered a suicide pack with an unknowing partner , the fault of a shallow superficial mentality toward seduction on behalf of the male character , and one to avoid the guilt of infidelity blocked her partner from interacting with her and seeing a child who was n't his . 
  yet on the other hand we have one man who shamelessly exposed the most intimate interactions of a client , tortured people ( albeit virtually ) , and bargained for his freedom by emotionally exploiting someone in virtual reality . 
  another man who stalked his ex-partner , and then murdered her father and a child . 
  seems to me that you are just using a ridiculous double standard insofar as because some women are shown in a negative light therefore the piece is sexist . 
  when in fact the programme 's format is there to show everyone in a bad light regardless of their gender , not to mention the fact that the actions of the male characters are ultimately shown to be far more heinous than the female ones . 
  seriously get a grip on life , everyone in this programme is insane/a horrible person/callously unsympathetic . 
  that is what this programme does , it aims to portray human nature at its worst in a somewhat fantastical way to drive home some moral point .
