   the woman in the flat below moved here from latvia at retirement age ( thus paid no tax ever ) gets free healthcare for her diabetes and sub lets her flat to a chain of men ( at least 10 different ones so far ) while being able to go on holiday to australia and new zealand . 
  so call the council , subletting is not legit . 
   oh and i voted brexit because this country is not the one i grew up in and mass immigration is to blame for that . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  not the country you grew up in ? 
  how has it changed ? 
  when i grew there were loads of nationalities around , and there are loads of nationalities around , only now there are more europeans alongside the rest of the nationalities like pakistani , indian etc. 
  not to mention the fact that the eu migrants seem to integrate quicker and more easily . 
  not calling you a thicko chav , but you 're hardly making convincing evidence when you say stuff like `` these people all told me this information ( because i try and help people out where ever i can ) ... so take that as you will . '' . 
  where 's your hard data backed by legitimate authorities ? 
  one massive election ? 
  you 're basically describing federalism . 
  in reality everyone in the eu is elected except for the ones that are selected by national governments , and those ones accountable to national governments , and each european nation has the power to stop anything those appointed ( rather than elected ) can do . 
  i suggest you actually read about how the eu works . 
  lol what a weird question . 
  pretty sure nz has bigger spiders . 
  uk , like most of n.w europe has fuck all by way of scary creepy crawlies . 
  in late summer you might see a spider that 's like 3 cm from leg to leg but even that 's pretty rare . 
  do n't ask me i only wrote it . 
  i speak boring modern rp and got providence on account of say mary , marry , and merry differently . 
  those are all dialect features mate and if you really are an esl teacher perhaps you should learn some linguistics . 
   calling it a dialect is lazy and is dishonest given that linguistically dialects have a specific definition . 
  no mate , that not how it works . 
  all dialect evolved through such processes and none of them had definitions until they were prolific . 
  you 're being intellectually dishonest by suggesting native speakers have an imperfect grasp of their own language . 
  all those features have historical roots just as aave or any other non-standard form of speaking do . 
  it 's a shame because i wanted to agree with your point but you 've undermined your argument about the wilful ignorance of many native britons by displaying a terrible ignorance of linguistics , which is made only more embarrassing by your claim to teach esl . 
  there 's a lot of cross over between chav and metrosexual these days too , so i would n't be surprised if they shaved it . 
  i 'd really quite funny when you see these `` gangsta '' aggressively heterosexual types wearing fake tan but it 's definitely a thing . 
  clearly you 're very offended by those men in arseless chaps . 
  just thinking about it must be getting your very worked up . 
  also those large phallic objects being waved in your face , it drives you crazy just think about it , right ? 
  not the person you responded to but i identify more as european because i just do n't feel an attachment to modern british culture , in many ways i see britain as being in a cultural crisis . 
  there just is n't much pride to be had in the modern british identity . 
  i grew up in a working class suburb of a midlands city and although those are my roots i ca n't identify with the culture . 
  the culture was unapologetically violent and aggressive . 
  the was huge pressure on males to be tough and defend their rights , the mentality was be aggressive or be trampled on . 
  one kid i knew had to move schools three times just because of a rumour that he was a grass or something . 
  every other twat thought they were a hard no nonsense bastard , when the reality was that there were huge problems with lack of education and marketable skills . 
  there was a lot of casual racism towards asians especially , a lot of people spitting insults about pakis and curry when in all white company . 
  people who did n't embrace this aggressive tough guy culture were ostracised or bullied , i like many others had to feign that mentality just to avoid being targeted . 
  lots of kids from families with little to no morals , asides perhaps a relentless in group preference i.e he 's my mate so you 're wrong regardless of if he 's done something morally unjustifiable . 
  these were the kind of people who kept rottweilers and walked around their estates with them thinking it made them bad arses . 
  there was no cultural pride or sense of national unity , just an insufferable victim complex which in their minds permitted anything . 
  i remember one of the moments that really made me want to leave the uk , and that was sitting a hairdressers and having this very nice but utterly thick hairdresser tell me that she 's defrauded an insurance company by claiming to have whiplash without a trace of shame in her voice , right after i 'd complained about people doing such things . 
  she said it was ok because she spent the money on her kids and that `` everyone was doing it '' . 
  i mean what kind of social contract is that ? 
  fuck you got mine seems to be the best way of summarising it . 
  it 's as if much of the uk gave up on society the moment immigrants started coming to the uk , as if a national social contract could only work on the premise that everyone was white british and the same . 
  i just ca n't believe how much our culture has stagnated due to our class system . 
  to me europe offers a new way of post-empire politics . 
  if you notice most european nations do n't have such a disparate culture . 
  they still have a sense of unity and community , they still have pride in their societies . 
  i was hoping some of that would rub off on britain . 
  i wish i could love british identity and connect the modern british culture with that of great thinkers , the industrial revolution , and the other accomplishments of the past . 
  i wish i could see britain as a country of intelligent and moral people ready to lead the world in many respects as we have in the past . 
  sadly all i see are people complaining about `` elites '' and bemoaning britain 's fall from grace as a world leader without ever taking a moment to look themselves in the mirror and ask exactly what they 're doing to make our society great . 
  edit : i 'll add that it 's not like i go abroad and think , oh these are my people , but do n't feel that back at home either . 
  in fact i feel ashamed of where i 'm from for its sheer ignorance . 
  as a european briton i now feel homeless and betrayed by the failures of my culture . 
  my head is n't buried in the sand mate . 
  it is you who is wilfully choosing to believe a false narrative . 
  there are no hordes of eu migrants . 
  go to any major city and their presence is barely noticeable . 
  the only place it 's even noticeable is in the east midlands because of the farming workers and these places had fuck all immigrants prior to the eu , so it stands out . 
  why are you so bothered by people speaking other languages ? 
  is it because do n't think you could ever understand them ? 
  maybe if you took some lessons in polish you 'd be less frightened by their speaking it . 
  i do n't exactly know what you 've got to fear from them , ca n't remember the last time i heard of romanian terrorist plot . 
   a lot of immingrants do n't know how to queue up , they litter more and loiter in groups ... these things barely happened years ago . 
  mate , most of the cunts throwing shit out of their car windows are white british . 
  white british are by far the worst people towards our society because they take it for granted so much . 
  have you been to a white working class community lately ? 
  tires on the lawns , unmown grass , expensive lease cars on every drive alongside badly maintained motorbikes and quadbikes . 
  amazing how they can afford all this shit when they 're all on benefits . 
  most primarily white estates are bordering on dystopian when it comes to lack of civic pride and sheer selfishness . 
  that 's what worries me . 
  despite doing fuck all to make this country something to be proud of they 're dead certain of how morally superior they are to the eu migrants , it 's delusional . 
  this abominable british culture of hate , ignorance and selfishness . 
  it 's completely outrageous that some people blame their own lack of national / civic pride on foreigners . 
  you really think that 's going to change if we limit the number of europeans here ? 
  the problem is n't some polish electricians who prefer to speak polish when walking down the street . 
  you 'll find poles and other europeans at mass every sunday , where are the britons ? 
  sleeping off the hangover from the 9 pints of stella they downed the night before , alongside the gram of coke they sniffed in the pub while trying to convince some fat lass with orange skin and leggings to go home with them, 
  seriously , take a long hard look in the mirror when you start slagging of the foreigners for not knowing how to queue . 
  the britain you grew up was rife with violence , poverty , and ignorance as british culture has been since about the 70s . 
  if anything the eu migrants were improving our culture by diluting our own poor quality people with hard working immigrants who were actually excited by the prospect of living in a country that offers what ours does . 
  no , all most british people do is bitch about how it 's not as good as some imaginary golden age when apparently benefits were plentiful and jobs paid 40 quid an hour . 
  i do agree that there 's a web of complex `` american '' social interaction that 's socialised into them a young age in american schools and through culture that as britons it 's very easy to be completely oblivious of . 
  always thought that was bollocks , nice to see a source to confirm it . 
  some of the strongest shit out there is hash and that has n't changed much in centuries in production terms . 
  i remember all the panic around `` super skunk '' in the early 00s and how it basically ruined labour 's class c initiative and got it reclassified to class b. 
  then you realise it was all media fabrication without any sound scientific evidence whatsoever . 
  really puts modern politics in a different light does n't it , when you think how readily people ate up that nonsense without being critical , makes you wonder what other modern political scandals are completely falsified bullshit . 
  all that really happened around that period is that the primary production of weed moved from being imported in bulk from the third world as hash and outdoor grown strains to being cultivated indoors in britain due to the ever cheaper costs of hydroponic growing technology . 
  this meant a lot of new indoor designers strains on the market , usually sold fresher and thus damper by the criminals producing it , which seemed different from what older generations were used to , and of course they rushed to denigrate it as more harmful . 
  of course , in the mind of your average tabloid reader `` new '' is synonymous with `` bad '' so they could n't wait to believe that the weed of their youth was a harmless bit of fun whereas the weed of today 's youth was evil mind bending satanic stuff that was turning teenagers into criminals and psychotics . 
  it 's about time people learnt a bit of nuance when it comes to the news , and also time people realised that some people are born with a predisposition to mental health problems that may lie dormant for many years but be aggravated by psychoactive substances , including alcohol , which is a substance with a well known relationship with schizophrenia and psychotic breaks . 
  you do n't hear mothers whinging on this morning about how alcohol fucked up their teenage son or daughter do you ? 
  because nobody wants to hear it as the vast majority consume alcohol .
