  other generations may have achieved great things in their left wing schools of thought , rights for workers etc. 
  while this generation 's greatest accomplishments will be having gender queer recognised as an official status and ensuring the rights of people to use which toilet they please . 
  this in itself is n't inherently bad , but it 's completely insignificant compared to the goals of previous generations , and meanwhile while the left were off fighting the patriarchy , neoliberal economics digs itself deeper and deeper in us culture with a complete lack of serious opposition . 
  as far as i 'm concerned all this sjw stuff is just the commodification of dissent , its collective action entirely focussed on personal freedom of individuals , rather than real meaningful collective actions towards collective goals . 
  by pushing all the focus onto personal freedoms dissent is pushed in the direction of only those things that are already compatible with the status quo . 
  this is why it 's so extreme in the us where personal liberty is held most sacred . 
  in the end , it 's a mentality of individuality and difference , rather than collectivism and solidarity , which is why it 's inherently regressive imo . 
  england already has bastard names . 
  just add fitz to the front of any name . 
  fitzroy ( bastard of the king , roi ) , fitzwilliams , fitzgerald , fitzsimmnons and so on . 
  in the 1600s it was common for bastards to assume these names . 
  ( although the meaning of fitz was originally norman and simply meant `` son of '' . 
  wow nsfw . 
  if anyone is wondering it 's asian dickpics, 
  invest in up and coming companies as and when they were floated on the public market . 
  gamble on every sports event i know the outcome of . 
  buy property in london with the money . 
  play original world of warcraft again ( fuck you blizz ! ) . 
  enjoy my late teens / early 20s instead of wasting them being introverted , cynical , and unhappy . 
  for some reason i did n't have a good time between 18-22 , and my best memories of that time were raiding wow , the rest of the time i spent working 9-5 and being closed off and angry at the world . 
  i guess i was disappointed with what young adult was life compared to what i naively expected while i was at school . 
  so i guess i 'd avoid all that . 
  funny , because spanish people are white . 
  the only reason to not consider south americans and people from southern north america white is because of their native and african heritage . 
  saying spanish people are n't white because of moorish influence is like saying italians are n't white because of north african influence , or russians are n't white because of mongolian influence . 
  knees *, 
  come the end times , when we 're all trapped in our houses for fear of roaming gangs of telekinetic thugs , that steam library is going to pay off . 
  buying new cars when they ca n't really afford new cars . 
  a lot of people think they simply must have a new car when they come into a bit of money . 
  in reality the amount you should be earning before you buy a new car is a lot higher than people believe , obviously it depends on the type of car , but that said you should also factor the longevity , value retention , and reliability of a car when doing this . 
  simply because you have , say , a # 14,000 budget for a car , does not mean you should look at new cars in the # 14,000 price range . 
  a car loses a huge amount of it 's value once you drive it out the dealership . 
  for the vast majority of people who do this buying a 2nd hand but low mileage car would be a much better option . 
  you also have to know that a sturdier and better made 2nd car with low mileage is probably a way better choice than a shitter car that 's new , so instead of buying that brand new kia it might be wise to invest in a better car with 10,000 miles on the clock , since it will still have a longer lifespan ( which make it the right choice regardless of whether you want to sell it ) . 
  in the uk i saw a lot of middle income families that would have brand spanking new two cars on the drive , and every few years or so they 'd sell them and just walk straight into the dealership and hand over the money for a similar brand new car . 
  the cars they had were always shit though , run arounds like renault clios , vauxhall ( opel ) corsas , or ford fiesta . 
  these are the worst kind of cars to buy new , because they 're not especially long lived , they do n't retain value well , and frankly if these are the only kind of cars you 're able to afford to buy new then you obviously ca n't afford to throw that money away . 
  so every few years they were literally chucking away 10 grand or more just to have the latest licence plates , when for the same amount of money they could 've bought a 2 year old bmw with 15k on the clock , which would retain much of its value ( assuming you drive an average number of miles a year ) or had it last for many more years , or simply have bought the same model of car with a few thousand on the clock and saved themselves thousands of pounds a year in budgeting . 
  another big reason people buy new is because they 're afraid of buying a used car . 
  they think they 'll get scammed and they 're too lazy to actually browse around and compare the cars . 
  people hear about people being sold `` lemons '' and instead of thinking the solution to be vigilance and research , they simply pay the new car tax every few years out of fear , which is dumb . 
  i hate to admit it but whenever i saw a lower middle class family in the uk who lived in a really small house but had a couple of brand spanking new but budget end model cars , i could n't help but think that that 's the reason you live in a small house , it 's because your financial priorities are all messed up . 
  i also noticed that the kind of people to do this were the kind of people who made other financial mistakes , for example :, 
  going into a big name furniture megastore and dropping a few thousands of a three piece suite or bed they saw in an advert , when they could have bought a something equivalent for half the price through an independent retailer or online . 
  doing the bulk of their shopping in high end supermarkets like waitrose or marks and spencer ( or even sainsbury 's tbh ) , and buying everything they can brand name . 
  seriously ? 
  is brand name bread worth it when you live in a box ? 
  the supermarket brand bread tastes exactly the same and is half the price . 
  going on overpriced package holidays rather than taking the initiative to research a holiday themselves , potentially saving them thousands ( i 'll note that not all package holidays are a rip off but you can often get the same experience cheaper if you shop around ) . 
  all these things have one thing in common , which is laziness and fear . 
  lazy , because they 're too lazy to actually research the facts and find out what the best cost/value choice is , so they just side with what they perceive and reputable , and fear because they 're afraid that if they do n't go with what seems like the most obvious and popular economic choice they 'll get scammed or ripped off . 
  sadly , many people are raised to make bad economic choices like this , it 's fine to choose these easy options if you 're rich enough to afford it , do n't get me wrong , when you have enough money then it 's not a problem to pay over the odds a bit for the peace of mind it brings to know with greater certainty that you 're going to get exactly what you want . 
  however , see it over and over that it 's often the people who can least afford it who make these poor economic choices . 
  they get roped into buying new cars on payment plans by cunning salesman , they drop what little money they do have in big brand name shops without even thinking about it when they could be saving so much money by being smart . 
  these kind of people are a salesman 's dream , because they are literally at your mercy , they know nothing about what they 're buying most the time , and often can be pressured into buying things they do n't need just to save face . 
  it 's almost as if they 're buying stuff from you simply because society tells them this is what normal people do , and if we want to be perceived as normal then we have to shop here too . 
  i did a stint working for a major uk electronic retailer once and trust me these people were the bulk of our business . 
  if you saw a single nerdy male he 'd probably just ask you for a specific product , and if you had it and the price was right he 'd buy it , and if you did n't for it was too expensive he 'd leave it , probably checking the price on his phone in the store to gauge the convenience of picking it up in store was worth the additional cost compared to online ( and trust me the majority of what we sold was cheaper online ) . 
  however , the low income family was just like a jackpot , whenever one of these walked in you 'd see sales people 's heads prick up and they 'd all move into position to offer them `` help '' if they stopped in the right department . 
  they 'd come in with incredibly vague needs like `` we want a computer for our house '' or `` we need a new television '' . 
  then it would be a game of bullshitting , trying to convince them they 'd need the best , you could often literally pressure them into buying shit by saying stuff as simple as `` most people are opting for 1080p '' ( and this was in the days when 1080p was uncommon ) , simply the fact that you claim `` most people '' think something would be enough for some . 
  you could also try stuff like `` i should n't be telling you this , but blu-ray is going to totally replace dvd in the next year or so , in fact our head office is telling us to push dvd sales so we can get rid of them all '' which would convince them you were on their side . 
  it just got fucking stupid , `` so you mostly use your computer for facebook and emails ? 
  you 'll definitely want a solid state hard drive , it 'll make everything run faster and mean you wo n't have to replace the computer for longer '' . 
  ultimately , if a low income family came in and said their budget was x , they 'd very often leave with something that costs x + # 200-ish more , often for a thing they could have bought at their original budget if they 'd shopped around a bit , simply because of how susceptible they were to the correct selling points and their complete ignorance of the actual thing they were buying . 
  if that person understands their future needs and the longevity of what they buy , not a bad idea at all actually . 
  it 's the idiots who then go and buy # 10 's more luxury items they do n't need to save # 5 who are the idiots . 
  edit : although say that , they 're not complete idiots , better to spend # 5 on # 10 's worth of luxury items than the full amount , provided you 're actually getting value ( enjoyment , usage , whatever ) , out for that extra # 5 . 
  if you understand credit then it 's not really a big deal . 
  at christmas i usually run up a bill , and pay it off within a month or two , i know what the interest costs , and i 'm willing to pay the interest on the bill . 
  as far as i see it i 'm paying the credit card company for the luxury of having the extra money now rather than later , as long as i pay it off swiftly during the dull post x-mas months the cost of that luxury is n't too bad at all . 
  it 's people who do n't understand credit that should n't have credit cards . 
  `` if you ca n't afford it , do n't buy it '' is a overly simplistic motto that assumes you are unable to understand credit and its costs and make a rational judgement to take on a debt . 
  `` never a lender or borrower be '' was a saying from back in the days when debtors would have their thumbs removed if they defaulted , and originates from a class of people who were financially illiterate . 
  a better example piece of advice would be to learn how debt functions and its cost , only then can you make a decision . 
  depends on the interest on the debt . 
  the interest on a government student loan is so low it 's not really worth paying off more than you need to . 
  it 's all about perceived value . 
  when you gamble you are paying for the thrill of gambling and nothing else . 
  it 's not an investment . 
  as long as you go into gambling knowing that 's you 're buying , and you believe the enjoyment of the thrill is worth the cost , then you 're not making an economic mistake . 
  that said , gambling addicts are people who are willing to pay way too much for that thrill than is reasonable . 
  sometimes a car works out more economical than public transportation i 'd add . 
  you 're just wrong here . 
  art can be a fantastic investment if you purchase wisely , often beating property in appreciation . 
  sometimes it 's better to rent than to mortgage and default though . 
  lots of people get rich through mortgages , however a lot of people get poor too . 
  think of all the people who bought houses in 2005-6 because it was so easy to get credit on a flexible interest loan and house prices had been going through the roof for years , interest rates were great . 
  people would openly mock people who rented back then . 
  then all those people ended up defaulting on their loans in 2007-8 because the bank jacked up the interest and then finding their homes were worth only a fraction of what they borrowed to buy them . 
  then many of them ended up evicted , the house gets sold for even less because the bank has taken control , and they ended up with a horrible credit rating , meaning that even when the market picked up they 'd struggle to get a mortgage ever again . 
  comes down to perceived value though . 
  if you really do get more out of a night out and are happy with cheaper shoes then it makes sense . 
  rightful deutsches clay !, 
  thing about arsenal is they always try to walk it in . 
   i speak english without even an accent . 
  that 's impossible . 
  i think you mean you speak it with your local native accent . 
  nobody speaks `` without an accent '' . 
  every time you choose one way of pronouncing a word over an alternative you choosing an accent with which to speak .
