  americans are pronouncing it correctly , it 's just that americans are pronouncing every word with a short - o in it incorrectly , so the sounds are the same . 
  for some reason unbeknownst to me , the typical way - a is pronounced in european language , came to be the way americans pronounce - o in words like pot . 
  damn , i 'm sad to hear that . 
  my problem was often that i 'd find a location and enough resources and then could potentially last forever . 
  this mechanic sounds like a bullshit method of stopping that though . 
   look bud , you 're just wrong about this . 
  lol , you 're so clearly wrong about this that your responses are becoming pathetic . 
   the government does n't have a plan to assign all of the atc in the country access to on-call pilots for every variety of commercial aircraft in service . 
  it simply does n't . 
  there is already a massive shortage of pilots in the industry , they certainly ca n't afford to pay for on-call support around the clock . 
  speaking of which ; why would the government be paying for that ? 
  it would be the responsibility of the airlines . 
  it literally makes no sense . 
  never said they did any of that , entirely something you 've invented . 
   i 'm astounded that you actually think a plane crash is a `` national security risk . '', 
  actually you started talking about a `` national security risk '' , the term i used was national emergency , if you do n't think that a large commercial craft going down in a populated area is a serious emergency that could put thousands of people at risk you 're a fool . 
   you have a 10 year atc veteran literally telling you that there is no plan for this extremely rare event , and you 're just obstinately refusing to listen . 
  no you have an atc veteran saying `` i do not know of any such plan '' , but no we 're not contesting whether atc have training for such an event , or if they aware of such a plan , we are contesting the issue of whether their is such a plan somewhere . 
   you 're also being rude as fuck to me , but i do n't actually care since you 're so blatantly wrong . 
  i 'm being rude because you are either being deliberately ignorant , or behaving like someone so stupid and stubborn that they deserve it . 
  not to mention your schoolyard method of arguing . 
   you look foolish , and it 's cracking me up seeing you cite a wikipedia article with two non-commercial occurences, 
  no you 're looking foolish with your complete ignorance of how world works . 
  i ca n't talk for anywhere else , but you do realise that for every single incident in the uk in modern times there is a full report made , dozen of hours work made by multiple people to investigate what happened and how it could have been done differently ? 
  both those incidences will we have investigated by someone and information gather about the circumstances . 
   and bringing up britain invading the us , and 9/11 . 
  wow , because you know 9/11 ? 
  an event that probably had the biggest impact on our aviation culture in the last 50 years , that could n't be relevant . 
  the comment about plan for what to do if britain invades the us was merely an example of the degree of planning governments undertake even for events that are so unlikely that they 're barely feasible . 
  but you know what really pisses me off about know it alls like you ? 
  your sheer ignorance of all the work that 's going on around you for your benefit . 
  as someone with family who 've all been in the military , and with friends in the civil service working for the ministry of defence and such , i know first hand how much work is put into keeping you safe . 
  plans for the most unlikely bullshit imaginable , viral outbreaks , rogue states , political revolutions . 
  not to mention all the effort put into developing safety procedures , not only for aircraft , but for every bloody other thing you could imagine . 
  the idea that there is no plan for every feasible scenario involving a 350 million dollar piece of equipment plus the lives of hundreds of people is laughable . 
  not to mention that this piece of equipment is capable of killing hundreds of others accidentally , or even being used as weapon against the state . 
  i mean do you really think if there ever is a case where both pilots die simultaneously and there are no other trained pilots on board they 're going to have to just make up what to do on the spot ? 
  do n't you find that utterly unthinkable ? 
  like something out of comedy sketch ? 
  do you there 's not a single person at atc or some other agency in the whole of your country with training to deal with emergency scenarios involving planes ? 
  do you think there 'll be no existing resources to call upon ? 
  plans that people have formulated prior to such an event even if the likelihood is slim ? 
  i have to ask you , is this the world you live in ? 
  because it 's certainly not the reality i 've experienced . 
  as someone who has worked in the insurance industry i find it laughable that you think even airlines do n't care about their assets enough to hire a few guys with engineering/pilot experience to sit an office all day planning for the improbable . 
  i also find it laughable that you think the government does n't have enough money to plan for events like this , with a defence spending + civil service budget most likely exceeding that of many small less developed countries . 
  pilot shortage ? 
  are you fucking joking ? 
  do you know how insignificant a pilot 's salary is to the risk we 're talking about here . 
  airlines will pay someone to plan for events like these just to knock a few million off their annual insurance bill . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're not living in the real world if you think there is `` no plan '' as you 've so often repeated . 
  if you really believe all you 've said you 're just a kid does n't really know how the real world works , one who has a snotty attitude of assuming that unless something has happened that no resources have been put towards it all and we live in a world where people are winging it with lives at stake . 
  i 've already acknowledged that atc staff do not train for such a scenario and would n't know of such a plan , i 've acknowledged that such an scenario is unlikely , but if you 're tell me that there 's no folder or document somewhere sitting in some official 's drawer labelled something like `` talk down scenarios in commercial passenger aircraft '' then you 're off your fucking rocker . 
  point is though that the us government could have made laws around sonic booms , and the companies would have worked around it and made it work somehow ( as af and ba successfully did do ) . 
  i mean is some farmers living in low pop areas hearing sonic booms such a big deal ? 
  it 's no different from those people who are unlucky and buy a house which then gets an airport built next to it . 
  the problem was the blanket ban on supersonic travel , it basically meant everyone but the national airlines of the companies involved with building it cancelled their orders and pulled out of the project . 
  this was the real killer which meant concorde was dead before it started , and it really was the lobbyists for the us aviation industry that made it happen . 
  it 's hardly a conspiracy theory , it 's a well documented fact that the us airlines and aviation manufacturers lobbied for the environmental protection law that prohibited concorde from flying across us soil , and it 's also known that they gave millions of dollars to grassroots organisation that were against it . 
  nobody wants to be boomed , but they could 've regulated it to minimise the noise pollution and restricted it to low population area . 
  do you not think it funny how the us government have no qualms building a new airport next to a ghetto and that 's just tough luck , but suddenly cared about the noise pollution that could 've affected some poor rural farming towns ? 
  the other environmental issue was pretty bogus , of course burning fuel hurts the ozone , but at the time the us government was allowing the pumping of virtually unrestricted quantities of pollutants into the air . 
  go to north wales and you 'll hear them all the time . 
  also the uk is basically one big densely populated area . 
  anyway the question is n't whether concorde caused noise disturbance and pollution , the question the us government , contrary to its usual behaviour , decide to put environmental issues above business interests ? 
  if you ask me than absolutely . 
  and the reason it did it was because those business interests were n't american and would 've have been competing with american business interests . 
  than *, 
  does n't matter what you say . 
  many linguists categorise true scots , not just scottish accents but scots as spoke hundreds of years ago , to be a separate language . 
  probably due to the limited degree of mutual intelligibility . 
  that said , if you spoke english you could probably pick up scots rather quickly with some explanation and practice , unlike if you tried to learn italian . 
  i was respectful to the guy that does atc to living , he does n't need you coming into a defend him over something irrelevant to anything he said . 
  but as i said so many times now just because he does n't know of a plan does n't mean there is no plan . 
  at this point this discussion is absolutely nothing to do with him , my point was never that atc had a plan , i which i 'd never even used the expression atc , my point is merely that someone has a plan , that if this happened they would be able to get in touch with someone with training for these sorts of things and a plan to go off . 
  i never meant it in the sense that ordinary atc staff are aware of any plan . 
  the question is does such a plan exist , not does this atc worker know of a plan , atc is nothing to do with this . 
  you 're incorrect , and i 've explained why . 
  there is obviously a plan , you are wrong . 
  what you 're saying is as silly as saying there 's no plan for negotiating with terrorists if they were to capture the president of the us . 
  has it ever happened ? 
  is it like to happen ? 
  but you can be damn sure there 's a plan . 
  quoting the atc guy not knowing of such a plan is like saying that because someone working security as a secret serviceman does n't no the plan if the president gets kidnapped therefore such a plan does n't exist . 
  now go away you obnoxious idiot , i ca n't be bothered to speaking to idiots who fundamentally misunderstand how the world functions and like spoilt children fail to comprehend the amount of effort that is put into securing their welfare . 
  lol this guy :, 
   the us is the result of western europeans first committing genocide on one people , then instituting cattle slavery on another people . 
  i know he means well but `` cattle slavery '' ... 
  i think he means `` chattle slavery '' . 
   by the exact same logic , just because you want to believe there is one does n't mean there is one . 
  i 'm more inclined to trust the guy who does it for a living . 
  the guy himself acknowledge that if there is a plan he does n't know of it . 
  unlike you , he does n't take his knowledge to be absolute . 
  if a policeman tells you they have no plan on what to do if the country is invaded , does that mean there is no plan ? 
  no , it means the police know of no plan . 
  if you ca n't understand the difference you 're a moron . 
   i 'm not , and you have n't . 
  you just keep repeating that you 're sure there 's a plan . 
  like your next sentence , `` there is obviously a plan , you are wrong . '', 
  yeah bud , using the word `` obviously '' sure does make you seem correct .
