  there are even university lectures all over youtube from world class institutions . 
  101 politics and 101 economics all there for free instantly . 
  seriously this guy is an entitled wanker . 
  school is there to give you the keys to the kingdom , not to sit you on the throne . 
  i 'm not saying changes could n't be made to the education system to improve it but for fuck 's sake , the important thing is that schools get kids into the place where they can begin learning by themselves and in an elected education environment and that 's most of the job done . 
  getting you reasonably linguistically , scientifically and numerically literate is way more important than how your local tax system functions or the precise laws of your country . 
  you 're clearly super butthurt . 
  marsellus wallace level butthurt : , 
  every looked at a population distribution map of wales ? 
  virtually everyone lives on the south coast with a bit of activity on the west coast near the south . 
  rest of wales has fuck all people . 
  [ this should give you some idea ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01494/uk_1494142i.gif ), 
  ha i knew were scottish when you said you were british and were in high school . 
  another useful fact they did n't teach me in school . 
  woe is me / s, 
  nope , it 's just one guy who 's retarded appealing to the opinions of edgy school kids/leavers . 
  well i laughed !, 
  very well known expression in the uk, 
  i 'm after means that everywhere , except ireland of course . 
  i do n't know what that is but it is n't german oo, 
  hate to break it to you but scrap , townie and on tour are all just regular british words meaning the same things . 
  rural england ? 
  but `` the bollocks '' is good because it 's shortened version of the dog 's, 
  bill = william = william shakespeare = the weather looks shit to the south ( wilmcote : where bill 's mother lives ) , probably going to rain soon . 
  `` the road to hell is paved with good intentions '' just sounds better in english frankly, 
  english = the cat is out the bag . 
  yours is more exciting though, 
  amazing how many people think their saying at unique to their area when in fact they 're pretty well known . 
  maybe sayings just are n't as popular as they used to be . 
  i hold you let him down gently and told him he was just a friend . 
  called a joke, 
  ah ok thats the kind of old fashioned english farmers use in the uk, 
  the pro american circlejerk really out did itself it seems . 
   the thing that 's racist is how people from england went and parked their behinds in places they had no business occupying , and then thought that other people 's lands belonged to them . 
  that is racist . 
  worst of all being those who parked their behinds in america , barely leaving the native culture around to even make food after killing them all . 
  but have a revolution before you start murdering and that makes things ok . 
  i rarely say this but what a fucking cunt . 
  i never suggested any of that , and lets not be so naive about this . 
  americans consume nowhere near the same amount . 
  american culture is by far the most globalized . 
  i 'm not saying i agree with it , it 's just reality . 
  hang on a minute ? 
  is n't the majority of american culture derived from european ? 
  was n't this a nation settled mostly by europeans ( and their slaves ) ? 
  an american ca n't even open his mouth to speak without consuming european culture . 
  such a great film , love his accent , he 's actually an aussie who spent a lot of time in europe . 
  edit : why would you downvote this ? 
  gr8 b8 m8 r8 8/8, 
  try looking in the mirror if you want to feel really nauseated , given how nauseous you are . 
  owned by a brazilian company . 
  brazilia brazilia brazilia, 
  i have no fucking clue but my suspicion is bloody terrible , she 's probably got a horrible life if what i know of her holds true . 
  if it was my first actual girlfriend that would n't be so bad since we 're still in touch , she 's not bad looking but we 're not very compatible since she 's not a very adventurous personality , does n't like travelling , does n't like exotic food , does n't want to leave her home town . 
  yes, 
   the company [ restaurant brands international ] is majority-owned by 3g capital -- the previous majority owner of burger king -- holding a 51 % stake . 
  [ 3g capital ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3g_capital ), 
   3g capital is a brazilian multi-billion dollar global investment firm, 
  i suggest reading the articles you link . 
  also restaurant brands international is a canadian company , which means tim hortons is n't american , actually burger king is now canadian . 
  go usa indeed ... 
  do n't forget the panama too . 
  why go to australia when you 've got all that wealth coming out of india and china . 
  they were the real lucrative places to trade since they they had a lot of stuff europeans wanted but did n't have and wanted a lot of european stuff themselves . 
  take them tobacco from the americas and leave with a ship full of silver they had no idea the value of back in europe . 
  failing that , opium . 
  i 'm sorry but what relevancy does this have to your retarded usa usa usa argument ? 
  tim hortons is n't owned by burger king , both it are owned by a company based and built up in canada . 
  that makes your precious burger king the property of canada . 
  ironic that you think other nations try and steal things , when the cartel of retarded , brainwashed , `` usa '' chanting americans like yourself are the biggest glory thieves going ; doing retarded things like putting einstein on a list of greatest americans , claiming to have invented the telephone , television , automobile and so on . 
  furthermore whilst it does n't make the company that nationality , your point was that tim hortons was owned by an american company which is totally false since it 's canadian , and that company is owned by a brazilian company . 
  so by the very logic you instigated , brazilians , and to a lesser extend canadians have the gloating rights . 
  ] ( http://cdn.actionrecon.com/wp-content/uploads/2010/10/kronenbourg1664.jpg ), 
   its also the number that actually matters . 
  if you have a nation of 5 folks , and 2 of them are immigrant , then whoopty fuck at your 40 % ( for instance ), 
  i wonder if they 'll change their tune when quoted with the eu 's gdp over their own . 
  oh i forgot the eu is n't a country ( except all the times when americans want to make generalisations about eu in a negative sense , then it 's just a homogeneous white vierte reich ), 
   this title doesnt stroke my ego therefore i am pissed, 
  nice rationalisation . 
  this post is a misleading metric designed to stroke american egos , therefore if you point that out you 're butthurt because it does n't stroke your own ego . 
   everywhere i turn on reddit , america gets verbally shat on for everything you can think of . 
  90 % of the time the us is praised or ignored . 
  then you see 10 % of posts shitting on america which you find so unusual you conclude reddit is anti-american . 
  fact is lots of americans ** assume ** their country is number one until it 's demonstrated otherwise . 
  so when they see a minority positing information suggesting otherwise it becomes `` anti-american '' due to the seeing the shock of anything other than the belief that their country is superior in all things . 
  cast off your brainwashing and start looking for pro-american bias instead of seeing it as default and only seeing the anti-american stuff , you 'll realise this whole site is full of nationalistic patriots . 
  furthermore , people in america criticising their own country with valid rationalisation is not `` anti-american '' , it 's political dissent and nothing else . 
  being against acts of your own government does not make you anti-your country , even if some brainwashed nationalists believe it to be the case . 
  just look at the posts for that thread which completely ignores per capita measurements , it has thousands of upvotes , everyone is saying how great the us is , posts pointing out the inaccuracy of the metric are downvoted to oblivion . 
  funny how whenever someone points out the eu 's greater gdp than the us 's per capita is suddenly really important . 
  apparently it 's because it justifies being insanely nationalistic provided that nationalism is supposed not to be based on ethnicity . 
  germans chanting their own countries name would be creepy since its assumed to be based on blood but when americans do it it 's not different to a sports team chanting for their team since their culture is more meritocratic . 
  apparently ... 
  haha he 's ok , he 's just suddenly realised that someone owned the tea thrown into the harbour at the boston tea party , it did n't just belong to some imaginary evil enemy called `` the british '' who they got one over on . 
  someone probably did end up losing money because of their act of rebellion against the homeland . 
  i disagree, 
  the statement you made previously, 
  well you did a shitty job, 
   piece of shit import, 
  so an american car would be better somehow ?
