  22.00 bed time to dream sweet dreams of freedom and the pursuit of happiness . 
  masturbation is prohibited since it is unchristian , and therefore unamerican . 
  you 're pathetic and fucked in the head . 
  you 're still not macaroni though . 
  cos gypsies !, 
  wow i got chills too . 
  probably my favourite game as a kid . 
  also for the first time i understood the german part too which was hugely awesome . 
  he says `` yes , what 's the matter ? 
  i have no time to stand around '' `` yes , i understand '', 
  hardly important but it was cool to experience that . 
  the 90s called , they want their word back . 
  has he glued pubes to his head cos he 's bald ? 
  wtf is with his scalp . 
  bajillion = 5 ? 
   it 's an undisputed fact that the luftwaffe did target civilian towns/cities during ww2, 
  that 's utter bollocks . 
  the luftwaffe acted very much like the allied forces , mostly targeting areas of strategic value but caring very little about whether they caused collateral civilian damage and often hitting areas that were sometimes miles away from those strategically valuable areas , entirely populated by civilians . 
  furthermore he was a genocidal psychopath , to call this a lie is offensive to millions of people are you should be disgusted with yourself . 
  maybe he was n't the irrational cartoon villain that he 's sometimes portrayed as , and hid his more sinister beliefs under a veil of humanity and rationality , but he also committed that largest genocide in history and instigated the largest manmade loss of life ever with his insane military expansion of germany . 
  that qualifies him as a psychopath frankly . 
  [ you sound like these guys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqddnbxxn20 ), 
  i was banned from / r/badlinguistics for suggesting that the whole thing is just a circlejerk where smug pseudo-intellectuals rub their nipples over how much smarter they must be for not agreeing with the reddit hive mind in believing that using words like `` literally '' when it 's not meant literally , and saying things like `` could care less '' , are bad . 
  did n't you know language use is defined by its speakers ? 
  and so on . 
  i do n't even disagree , i just think the process of language evolution requires that some changes are disapproved of , the changes that stick being the ones that win out against the initial resistance , with the ones that are sufficiently widely resisted dying out . 
  it 's stupid to mock people for disliking certain ways of using language , it 's just part of the natural process of language adaptation . 
  personally i think the whole notion that disapproving of any particular use of language is necessarily stupid and ignorant has a subversive political agenda of trying to undermine prejudices people have towards certain ways of speaking , what with the class and ethnic connotations they might have . 
  a goal which is fine in itself but would be better served by saying something like `` you should n't judge peoples ' worth and intelligence by the way they speak '' rather than suggesting that anyone who thinks a statement like `` i literally died when i saw her '' a bit silly must be a massively ignorant idiot deserving of derision . 
  i 'm not saying all widely disapproved of words die out . 
  i just reckon for every change in the language that did reach sufficient popularity to become standard despite disapproval , there were probably a bunch that did n't become standard and died out after a time . 
  think about all the words that came and went like saying `` that 's wicked '' or `` that 's radical '' . 
  ultimately i just think it 's equally silly to mock people for disapproving of certain words as it is to mock people for using new slang or ways of speaking . 
  just as people will naturally change language , people will naturally disapprove of changes they think are ugly or illogical , whatever stands the test of time is the winner . 
  mocking those people as if they were all victorian prescriptivist grammarians is just silly and ego inflating . 
  being a descriptivist should n't mean `` mindlessly accept all changes in language without holding an opinion '' , it should mean that you understand language is defined by use and not prescription . 
  sure this comes with an understanding that the world wo n't fall apart if the way `` literally '' is used changes , but it should n't mean you have to love the fact people are now using it that way and scorn anyone who disproves of that usage as an intolerant dinosaur . 
  because occasionally you get some funny legitimately bad linguistics . 
  it 's just that the community has decided `` bad linguistics '' meaning `` circlejerking about prescriptivism and mocking people who are annoyed by the word literally '' . 
  if they 'd called it / r/literal _ prescriptivism_circlejerk then maybe i 'd have known to stay away . 
  the irony is unbearable, 
  you 're going to ban grr martin ? 
  it 's a thing from got . 
  so in the stories they these things called weirwood trees that have freaky powers and stuff . 
  not saying `` reckon '' is just an american thing . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's exactly what / r/badlinguistics would n't say , and i 'm actually on their side here . 
  descriptivism implies every native speaker speaks english properly , and i agree , it 's just many at / r/badlinguistics take it one step further and think you 're not allowed to approve / disapprove of anything and make fun of people for doing so which i think dumb . 
  saying that one form of english is superior to another is inherently a prescriptivist position . 
  furthermore your idea that british english is non-rhotic is an oversimplification . 
  you seem to be just spouting an urban legend about how american is the original form of english which is a complete load of tosh from a historical viewpoint . 
  i can see why they said that but it 's an oversimplification . 
  without giving an spoilers it 's hard to explain how it works . 
  got is n't a traditional fantasy in the sense that it 's all magic and non-human races like lotr . 
  the `` magic '' in the story is very scarce and most the population of the world in the story do n't believe in it . 
  the notion is that magic used to exist hundreds of years ago in the ancient history of the people in the story , but , like the dragons , has n't been seen for hundreds of years . 
  now with the events in the story small magical elements are reawakening . 
  the weirwoods are meant to be holy trees in the northerners ' religion , and strange things happens when the characters are around them , they might fall asleep and have a vision for example . 
  got is very non-magical compared to most fantasy , focusing more on human relationships and conflict , but it is there in small quantities as this shady thing in the background nobody is sure of . 
  that is correct . 
  if you go to some small town and walk down the street with a big joint people will be annoyed . 
  the police might come and tell you off and make you put it out . 
  dutch smokers hate this type of inconsiderate smoker because it sets a bad example . 
  outside of the the touristy areas of amsterdam i 'd always go find a quiet spot where i would n't be bothering anyone just as i would in many countries where it 's illegal . 
  needs `` a rifle behind every blade of grass '' quote :d, 
  remember guys , the english are most evil hollywood bad guys going . 
  that 's why millions of americans of english descent go missing in between every us census . 
  it 's cool to be 3/89th scottish or irish ( what 's a wales ? 
  ) , but england is bad . 
  the uk only exists because the uk conquered the kind hearted mel gibson loving people of these nations and stole their land !, 
  i get the feeling that she wanted to say , `` you 've just got a problem with white people because of the history of slavery and colonisation '' , what she actually said was `` you have a problem because you guys used to be our slaves '' . 
  probably could n't have worded it in a more provocative manner . 
  kill it with fire :3, 
  weird , i was sitting in front of him at the theatre not too long ago , would n't think that haha . 
  do n't why anyone would care if he 's into that , like if a boss of a big company did that nobody would give a shit , and they 're probably far more influential than an actor . 
  i was waiting for the windows to smash :(, 
  in portsmouth ? 
  you must be smoking crack . 
  would n't it have been better to have made this post last friday ? 
  like 1812 , the alamo , nicaragua , the bay of pigs , vietnam , iraq . 
  it 's ok , just use the old fashioned american strategy of defining winning when you lose . 
  no you said you * tend * to win wars , when frankly i think you * tend * to lose them . 
  or at least waste a lot of time and resources for no real benefit . 
  well done on spending so much of your gdp on military i guess ? 
  check the channel all his work is equally impressive . 
  because of all the scary 3rd world nations that are dying to invade right ? 
  you come after better mr 10/10 ? 
  sure as hell did n't win them . 
  works quite well when you want to threaten a resource rich third world nation into selling you their stuff at a price your market dictates . 
  i blame the germans, 
  no shit sherlock ? 
  no i did n't , that 's why i pointed out the real motivations for your military spending ... in response to your facetiousness , are you a little bit special ? 
  now who 's being childish ? 
  what next are you going to call me `` sweetie '' or `` honey '' in your poor attempt at being patronising . 
  and now you 're that guy who explains jokes !, 
  but i just ca n't help being so serious . 
  truly i so earnestly believed you were saying the us 's high percentage of gdp spending was because the us peoples * love * having power over people and intimidating them . 
  whatever am i to do . 
  alas , alack , all is lost , woe is me !, 
  now we just need to be able to add an extra panel with a china ball planting a glorious commie flag next to the decrepit 50 year old us equipment . 
  to be fair they say all jokes have an element of truth in them .
