  the same effect could be achieved in a lab by simply cutting the mdma with mda , mda being one of the few mdma analogues that 's rated to be as enjoyable as mdma . 
  still shitposting for uncle sam i see / u/xvampireweekend7 . 
  do n't pretend to know anything about race relations in europe . 
  which part of the world is that ? 
  i 've only heard skag used to mean heroin , and that 's in both the uk and us . 
  no they do n't , also i live on the mainland lol . 
  in germany ? 
  not very many i imagine . 
  lay off the skag mate . 
  it 's the top answer [ on urban dictionary ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=skag ), 
  grrm is ultimately a storyteller , he 's very good a creating a narrative with personal relationships that people find compelling . 
  his world building is average at best ( so much stuff is tolkien influenced and his world is somewhat unimaginative at times , lots of it being copy and pasted out of old world history , you ca n't tell me that near essos is n't incredibly similar to the middle east , that the dothraki are n't the mongol hordes , or that qarth and other such places are n't influenced by the orient ) . 
  furthermore grrm 's prose is very clunky at times , and he 'll repeat stock phrases he 's invented like `` much and more '' and `` words are wind '' until the reader finds it almost comical . 
  it 's definitely unfair to contrast the two . 
  tolkien basically invented the genre . 
  martin just innovated within it . 
  tolkien was n't trying to write a story , he was trying to write an epic , and his narrative style is influenced by it . 
  if you want a fast paced narrative that grips you at every page then tolkien is n't the author for you , he never even attempted to create that . 
  they definitely were during the late 80s , that 's when mdma started to gain momentum in most of the world . 
  speed and acid were still a big part of the culture but the late 80s mdma was abundant for those `` in the know '' . 
  are you a moron ? 
  it 's the top entry with 1000 + upvotes . 
  it 's also on wikipedia, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/skag_ ( disambiguation ), 
  fair enough . 
  must be some of that irish slang, 
  i 'm not saying we 're some ethnic utopia , but you ca n't deny that white and black people live closer together , and have more similar cultures , that in the us . 
  britain is ultimately more truly multicultural than the us , your culture is a less defining factor in the uk than in the us . 
  does that mean there 's no racism ? 
  of course not , but it 's within the context of british culture . 
  i think it is . 
  the last few seasons i 've watched devoutly but before that i 'd basically lost interest apart from watching it occasionally when it came on . 
  i did watch it a lot when it was new but i was also a teenager who found the humour more fitting to my age . 
  personally i think the new south park style is far better and more interesting . 
  how are trump style people exaggerations ? 
  they 're clearly spot on representations . 
  you 're just too blind to see that trump fans are really like that . 
  daily mail reaching across the ocean for a good pervert story ... 
  in germany we have to use vpn to see half of youtube because of our overpowered copyright institution : gema . 
  i 'm sorry , we only speak english here , take your colonial patois elsewhere please . 
  if gridiron was football , it would n't be called gridiron would it . 
  there are loads of examples of trump supporters saying stupid , violent , and racist stuff . 
  i 've seen it on youtube . 
  trump supporters do loads of that kinda stupid shit . 
  it 's not 99.9 % at all . 
  you 're deluded . 
  depends on wedding . 
  in some cultures children always go to weddings , in many places getting pretty drunk at wedding is fine , even expected , as long as you do n't lose control . 
  if you 're from the kind of culture where `` dry weddings '' are thing , probably puritans or whatever , then the rules are different . 
  edit : wow people seem pissed . 
  try going to an irish or italian wedding , everyone brings their kids , everyone gets pretty drunk . 
  seems like reddit attends some stuffy weddings . 
  no , he lost it in austria , so er hat einen pneu verloren . 
  it 's the pakistani space programme !, 
  a guy i know does 24 on 24 off most the week . 
  they are allowed to sleep at the station though and he reckon they 're only working half the time . 
  mortar and pestle just sounds wrong to me , always heard pestle and mortar . 
  is mortar and pestle a thing ? 
  the only thing that does n't make sense is that `` cologne '' is a french word so why would the french sounding guy say it weird ? 
  it 's pretty hard to learn a constructed language , you 'd have to be insanely dedicated . 
  for example , no one on game of thrones speaks the actual languages they 're way too hard . 
  i agree with you tbh . 
  reddit must go to some pretty stuff weddings , try going to a wedding in ireland or italy with the no kids and no drunkenness attitude, 
  yeah most junkies are pretty nice , but leave some money on a table then walk out the room and it 'll be gone in seconds . 
  it 's really hard for a number of reasons . 
  those mainly being the lack of fluent speakers to copy or practise with , and the lack of motivation to learn it when you do n't need to . 
  esperanto has a large enough community of speakers , with even some people speaking it as their first language learnt when they were children . 
  even klingon has a relatively large community of speakers relative to most conlangs , and their motivation typically based on a fandom so generally learning klingon is consequence of that , rather than being based in learning the language for the sake of itself . 
  to put it in perspective , the creator of the dothraki and high valyrian languages on got , david peterson , does n't speak those languages fluently , and if he wants to say something he would need to write it out before hand to ensure he got the vocab and grammar right . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible to learn , but you 'd have to be insanely dedicated to achieve fluency in a conlang , it 's hard enough for the people who invented the language in the first place . 
  if i were rich i 'd do this to be honest . 
  couple of grand to piss off people i dislike it worth it if you 've got the money . 
  you definitely should n't tell your lawyer everything , even in countries where the lawyer has no duty to report someone who has admitted their guilt . 
  a good lawyer is never going to ask you `` did you do it ? 
  '' , because the knowledge of that fact could impact their ability to represent you . 
  it 's a careful balance , you should n't leave your lawyer without the pertinent facts that might be relevant to the case , that 's just asking to get destroyed in court , but you should talk about things in a very hypothetical way and not admit to committing any crimes . 
  focus on the known facts of the situation , what the police know , what people around you know , and the lawyer will lead you to frame those facts in the way that will benefit you the most . 
  for example , if you shot a guy who owed you money in the street , do n't say `` i murdered a guy because he owed me money , but what can we do to get me off the hook ? '' . 
  in reality the lawyer might hint `` well the best defence we could mount is if we claim that it was self defence '' , the lawyer might then ask you `` to your knowledge was there anyone at the scene who could provide a testimony that might contain a version of events that differ from how you remember it ? 
  '' , now if you say `` no '' and you know there was a witness , then you 're an idiot , because the the lawyer will then build your defence around the assumption that there 's no witness , later the police find the witness and the prosecution brings them to court and your whole defence is ruined and you lose the case . 
  so do n't lie about stuff like that , but at the same time do n't simply offer your lawyer the full version of events if you 're guilty , it wo n't help them to defend you . 
  a good lawyer will ask the right questions but not pry where they do n't need to , a good rule of thumb might be to answer those questions truthfully , but do n't provide any additional information unless it directly relates to what they 're asking you and might affect the response . 
  most likely , when the lawyer has all the pertinent information they 'll have a strong hunch about whether you actually did it and what went down , but at the same time it 'll help them not to have heard an admission of guilt . 
   and about to take my last ever law school final today, 
  why are you on reddit ? 
   by the 1830s , people in ireland were living mainly on potatoes , because they did n't control very much land and potatoes were the only plant that would produce enough food to feed them . 
  not strictly true . 
  ireland had lived principally on barley until the introduction of potatoes . 
  potatoes became popular in ireland because the land suited their growth , growing in areas that were n't suitable for barley , and it allowed them to grow something other than barley . 
  the potato famine would n't have been so bad if the rich , and often protestant , irish landowners had n't sold much of the barley crop for export in an attempt to make up their losses on the spoilt potato crop . 
  it 's also interesting to know that ireland was n't the only country affected by the blight , and that the whole of europe was impacted , particularly belgium , holland , and the german lowlands . 
  point being that ireland was able to sustain itself with barley before the introduction of potatoes , it was n't the only crop that could sustain them . 
  it 's not cattle , it 's deer , the area is most likely public land , although all farmland is open in the public in the uk anyway . 
  i would guess from the look of things this is in richmond park , a park in the middle of london where there 's a huge expanse of land given over to deer . 
  even if some of the deer were killed or injured by a car , i doubt the guy who owned the dog would be liable for anything , one because the deer is n't owned by any individual , they 're public property , and two because in areas where there 's wild deer and roads without fences that could prevent them crossing there 's always warnings for drivers to look out for deer who may well stampede across of their own accord . 
  this means any driver who ploughs into a deer is at fault , not whatever caused them to cross the road . 
  if you hit a deer in the uk you 'd better have fully comprehensive insurance , else you 'll be paying for repairs out of your own pocket . 
  however , not keeping your pet under control in a public park itself can be an offence , irrespective of whether the dog chases deer or not , so the owner could get in trouble for that . 
  damn , and it only went downhill from there . 
  i actually enjoyed cataclysm because whilst pve was getting nerfed to shit and nobody spoke to each other in pve , at least they had n't pruned all the talents to make the game retardedly simple and the pvp was still enjoyable : /,
