  if anything boston is more similar to british than most american accents . 
  that edge , so sharp, 
  yeah it 's pointless . 
  they were n't discovered for 5 hours , in those 5 hours they probably travelled hundreds of miles . 
  i 'd either head for canada or mexico . 
  so meta : o, 
  are you glad your parents are dead ? 
  because we are !, 
  sam 's no northerner . 
  lol , do n't spoiler bait , time will tell , only time will tell . 
  nobody has the perfect accent , if you 're from the east coast then you 've got a totally different set of mergers working for you . 
  wow i 've never seen that ancient pic before . 
  it 's so disgustingly arrogant for anyone to believe their accent is `` truer '' and `` more accurate '' , not to mention complete fucking bullshit . 
  literally shows you think you 're the centre of the known universe . 
  stannis is still my mannis !, 
  shireen was already dead !, 
  warning s4 spoilers : [ get hype ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olnflondjh4 ), 
  i 'm sorry but you 're not spouting knowledge , but you sound like every stereotypical middle class teenage stoner . 
  you are smug , you ooze a pathetic superiority complex . 
  one day when you 're a bit older you 'll look back at this and cringe . 
  there 's so much wrong with what you 're saying , let me break it down for you . 
   we 'd rather smoke something and not get a hangover . 
  - so right off the bat you have the audacity to speak for your whole nation and what they 'd prefer . 
  as well as making assumptions about britain . 
  have you ever even been to britain ? 
  have you lived there and gained an inner workings of its attitude to smoking weed ? 
  because quite a lot of people smoke weed in the uk , and the laws about it are quite lax . 
  america might have legalised in some states , however there are also places where you 'll see jail time if you get caught possessing weed enough time . 
  everything you 've said here is wrong and stupid . 
   i see that we have a bunch of alchies on here . 
  destroy your liver and become overweight . 
  i hope you all kill your drinking habits and see the true evil it is . 
  - right so everyone who downvoted you is an alchy right ? 
  rather than it being because your post was stupid . 
  then you call alcohol `` evil '' , another kneejerk and stupid position , no better than people that called weed evil 30 years ago and said it led to heroin . 
  did you know alcohol in moderation can actually have heath benefits ? 
  why do n't you attempt taking a position with a modicum of reason , rather than being some kind of ideological extremist ? 
   at least i 'm not vomiting and destroying my liver, 
  - yes because everyone who drinks drinks so much they are vomiting , this is totally normal , there is no way to drink without drinking to such excess that you vomit . 
  as for destroying your liver , in moderation alcohol does n't massively impact your liver , furthermore people who smoke weed ( and most smoke it ) are destroying their lungs and numerous other body parts , so unless you stick to edibles then you 're hardly in a position to lecture anyone . 
   it 's such a dull , disgusting drug, 
  - wow your shitty opinion nobody cares about . 
  it 's like calling pizza a disgusting bland greasy food , sure you can hold that opinion , but nobody is going to a give a fuck , do n't expect people to care . 
  moreover most people have tried weed , hell many people have both drunk and smoked a reasonable amount , as well as having taken other drugs , and they do n't all suddenly turn around and say , wow drugs are so much better than booze , i 'll never touch a drop again . 
  most people can acknowledge and neither drugs are `` dull '' nor `` disgusting '' , both are quite pleasant and fun . 
   it does n't add to your creativity and it does n't allow you to explore consciousness . 
  - wow this statement wins the douche prize , it would win medals in the douche olympics . 
  despite what adds to your creativity and lets your explore your consciousness being a totally subjective thing , and the fact the notion of exploring your consciousness is something many people believe is a crock of shit anyway , it fails to acknowledge how many drunk artists their have been in the thousands of years alcohol has been around , ernest hemingway , scott fitzgerald , tennessee williams have you heard of these people ? 
  any of these names ring a bell ? 
  clearly creativity is n't subjective and can be triggered by different things depending on the person , obviously all these people were creative despite their heavy alcohol use . 
   it 's legal because you do n't have critical thinking skills on it, 
  - now we 're in the realms on wackjob conspiracy theories , yes clearly it 's all a plot to keep people sedated because it increases critical thinking , it could n't possibly be the reason it 's legal is because it 's been part of western culture for thousands of years , while cannabis was never that significant in the west until the last century ? 
  no way maaan . 
   there is no introspection , no thought , just an emotionless person screaming like a baby because their body is numb, 
  - yes because nobody has ever become introspective over a few glasses of wine before , no great philosophers have ever had world changing thoughts while intoxicated late at night . 
  literally the only way to drink is the smash shot after shot until you ca n't think , there 's no other side to alcohol at all . 
  listen to me kiddo . 
  most stoners go through some stupid phase like what you 're in right now , thinking weed is some super intellectual aid and alcohol is some demon social suppressant , but it 's a stupid phase . 
  truth is most people have smoked weed at various stages in their lives . 
  everyone knows it 's considerably less harmful than alcohol , we do n't need educating . 
  you 're not the only one who knows its secrets , nobody but uptight old guys in suits legitimately believe weed is some super evil thing , but you 've got to stop acting like some preachy douchebag . 
  alcohol is not a `` dull , disgusting drug '' to most people , substances are actually very personal , some people might smoke weed and find it stimulating , others might find it depressing , trying to say it 's like this for everyone is retarded . 
  alcohol has its drawbacks but so does weed , it can make you depressed , moody , demotivated , psychologically dependant , the effects are different for everyone . 
  yes alcohol is more harmful when heavily abused , but the answer to that is not to abuse rather than spouting off about how terrible it is when many people like it over weed or in addition to it . 
  you 've got to , and i mean got to drop the preachy tone and smug arrogance , consider it the first step towards being a well rounded grown up and no longer a cunt , k ? 
  why am i offended , because you 're a fucking ignorant offensive cunt that 's why . 
  you mispronounce the holy living fuck out of it too , yet you have the audacity to say you are more accurate to the dictionary and truer like some neo-nazi talking about the purity of the german language . 
  you are an arrogant shit stain who is so lacking in self-awareness he thinks he speaks like a fucking dictionary . 
  at least british people have the self-awareness to realise they speak with an accent unlike many yank cunts . 
  why do n't you cry to yourrrr mahm , or bahtherrrrrrr your fahtherrrrrr ? 
  arsewipe, 
  us capital *, 
  yorker here ... 
  i just say york . 
  you mad ? 
  yorkshire . 
  it 's the texas of england ( insofar as people are super proud of being their and they act a bit like they were their own country ), 
  they were very popular around the rave scene in the 90s in the uk , maybe this guys edgy and trying to bring it back . 
  calm it kn\u00f6del muncher !, 
  divine right of kings motherfucker !, 
  reddit is a tool , nothing more , people who think reddit are a single community are the worst . 
  no idiot . 
  it 's because you are literally picking from a pool of a few thousand semi-passable athletes who are interested in playing it . 
  sometimes small countries do well in sports , but that 's because it 's their national sport and pride , so all their best suitable athletes want to play it . 
  there 's huge prestige , fame and money behind it . 
  people who play minority sports are or virtually are amateurs . 
  how many people on the uk basketball team would rather be playing rugby or football ? 
  virtually all of them . 
  are those inferior american gladiators or something ? 
  i only remember one called laser . 
  helps to know a few languages too . 
  maybe just russian , chinese , german and french would do . 
  i 'm not even a preis , i live in bavaria , although i 'm not even german . 
  bavaria is nice but hardly without its flaws too . 
  stop being a tit . 
  du bist tot , kind !, 
  why should n't they have tax off weed . 
  i 'd rather pay more for a decent bit of high quality weed that wo n't get me arrested than get a criminal record . 
  it 's like planet of the apes up in here , and for once this statement does n't have racist overtones lol, 
  he has a cool accent .
