  i think saying that government ownership and control will always lead to mismanagement is such an obviously false statement as to not be worth discussing . 
  it depends on the government , the society , the industry in question . 
  anyone who supports such a simplistic theory is doing it out of ideological grounds and is n't being realistic , although they might hide it under a veil hard-headed pseudo-common sense . 
  i 'm just saying there have been successful cases and any argument needs to be more complex . 
  nero fiddled while rome burnt . 
  i 'm afraid most people do it through relatives . 
  i do n't know how you 'd keep a uk address for banking purposes without having an actual address to use . 
  i was really confused until i realised the first 's stands for `` ist '' and not `` es '' . 
  all the brickies , electricians , roofers , tiler , plasterers etc back in my hometown seem to have bmws and mercedes . 
  almost all of them leases or even rentals . 
  i met a guy who would drive his work van during the week and rent a bentley at the weekends ... 
  imo this trend in rental and leasing is a product of a culture that values outward appearance of wealth over substance . 
  all these guys front like they 're rolling in it but the reality is that they 're all either contracted workers , or part of small businesses jointly owned by a few guys that got together . 
  they 're not contracting anyone themselves except maybe labourers . 
  ultimately they 're just cash rich from being self-employed and having been offered lots of hours , and that wealth is completely dependent on the housing market and the being in an area with an abundance of work . 
  that said , they know at their income they 're unlikely to be able to afford a car like that until they 're , if life does n't get in the way of course due to family commitments etc. 
  they 've made the choice to have now and pay later , rather than than save only getting what they want when they 're no longer in their prime . 
  / u/gregger90 you will know him from his work . 
  the kind the olympic swimmers wear , which are more like elasticated underwear designed to be worn by men while swimming , made out of the same material as a woman 's bikini . 
  americans never wear these ever , they find them hilarious for some reason . 
  well the fraudsters target such institutions because they think they 'll be more likely not to contend a claim . 
  uh-uh-uh uh , uh , uh-uh uh-uh-uh, 
  johnny 's in america, 
  no tricks at the wheel, 
  uh-uh-uh uh , uh , uh-uh uh-uh-uh, 
  nobody needs anyone, 
  they do n't even just pretend, 
  uh-uh-uh uh , uh , uh-uh uh-uh-uh, 
  johnny 's in america, 
  [ chorus ], 
  i 'm afraid of americans, 
  i 'm afraid of the world, 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't help it, 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't, 
  i 'm afraid of americans, 
  johnny 's in america, 
  uh-uh-uh uh , uh , uh-uh uh-uh-uh, 
  johnny wants a plane, 
  johnny wants to suck on a coke, 
  johnny wants a woman, 
  johnny wants to think of a joke, 
  uh-uh-uh uh , uh , uh-uh uh-uh-uh, 
  johnny 's in america, 
  uh-uh-uh uh , uh , uh-uh uh-uh-uh, 
  [ chorus ], 
  johnny 's in america, 
  johnny looks up at the stars, 
  johnny combs his hair, 
  and johnny wants pussy in cars, 
  johnny 's in america , uh-uh-uh uh , uh , uh-uh uh-uh-uh, 
  i 'm afraid of americans, 
  god is an american, 
  god is an american, 
  you guys live in a fucking dream world . 
  you guys in the us might have absolute freedom to say what you want ( except for saying you want to assassinate the president of course , which means your freedom of speech is n't truly absolute ) , but guess what , in most of europe you can pretty much say what the fuck want excluding a few very extreme hateful things ( e.g promoting genocide or violence on racial grounds ) . 
  while the principle of absolute freedom of expression might be contravened in many european countries , it 's not a principle that europeans venerate unlike people in the us . 
  it does not have a history there and there is n't any call for it because people are happy with the situation . 
  yours is a black and white slippery slope argument , that makes out like if you 're banned from saying a couple of things it 's only a matter of time that all dissent is banned . 
  however , the reality is in europe that you 're free to dissent as much as you want . 
  you can stand on the corner and hand out anti-government literature calling for the abolishment of the state if you so desire . 
  the proof of the pudding is in the eating ffs . 
  when europe slides into totalitarianism then you might have an argument . 
  until they stop being a bunch of fantasists who assume that if one country is n't like your own in every regard , and does n't venerate the same ideological principles , that it must be totalitarian or enjoy inferior freedom . 
  american right wingers who like to fantasise that europe is a post-apocalyptic dystopia need to grow the fuck up and have a look at the rest of the world . 
  these are rich countries with high quality of life , freedom of the press , laws enshrining personal liberties , restrictions on police and government powers . 
  just because you can tell people to murder an ethnic group does not mean there is no freedom . 
  why the fuck are americans so all or nothing btw . 
  you 've got have all the guns or it 's as bad as having no guns . 
  you must be able to say absolutely anything , else you 've a totalitarian state . 
  meanwhile you have police shooting innocent people are not even losing their jobs never mind having to account for their actions in a public court of law . 
  the whole of the west is `` free '' , there is just some small wiggle room with regard to what that freedom entails , the middle east and much of south america are not free at all , and you make light of that when you start claiming the uk to be less than free simply because they arrested , not even convicted as of yet , someone for saying `` gas the jews '' in a youtube they publicly broadcast to people on youtube . 
  fuck wing suits and base jumping , this is the real shit . 
  no , that 's not how trade deals work . 
  not sure about romans but for the greek this definitely was n't the case . 
  young aristocratic boys could use their hands , mouths , or even thighs , but someone alleging that you 'd been fucked in the ass could disqualify you from political life and bring your reputation into ruin . 
  this is just revisionist nonsense . 
  classical writers were the most racist bastards you could ever hope to meet , the difference was that it did n't matter if you were from deepest africa or 200 miles away , outsiders were just outsiders unless they were famous , rich , or powerful . 
  the ancient thinkers thought almost exclusively in crude stereotypes when it came to national or cultural identity . 
  the reality is that the concept of ethnicity did n't even exist . 
  yes , you are exactly right . 
  they did n't need to discriminate on colour because anyone who was n't similar to yourself was inferior . 
  notice that this does n't preclude them discriminating against all black people because they 're different . 
  they just did n't show any favour to other groups of white people who were also different from them . 
  when you look at it though , it 's obvious that notions of `` black people '' , `` white people '' etc. 
  are just made up . 
  if you walked from norway to nigeria you 'd find that people 's ethnicity gradually shifts with only minor significance given to national borders . 
  race is still classed differently in different cultures . 
  if a hispanic american , at least one with primarily spanish descent , went to europe people would probably just see him as a southern european and class him as white . 
  nobody would consider him to be ethnically distinct from the group `` white people '' . 
  as a german speaking brit , i doubt it 'll be quite as important as the article suggests . 
  she is dancing , in the same way that when rappers rap they tend to dance and move their bodies . 
  he 's clearly aware of what she 's doing . 
  he 's just showing some love to the deaf community . 
  the title , which makes out he 's too stupid and ignorant to know she 's signing , and that signing can not also be a forming of dancing , is just victimised whiny cry baby bullshit . 
  the reality is that the us airlines are entitled as fuck . 
  they know you only have a limited choice to fly with and that flying is a necessity for many people in the states . 
  also americans make such a big deal of travelling in and out of the country , far more than even island nations like britain and japan , and thus the whole culture around the airport is officious and , again , entitled . 
  the us has so few major international hubs for a nation of that size that the culture around the major hubs has also become bloated and entitled . 
  the whole culture is focused on enforcing authority with rules and regulations , expecting customers to count themselves lucky that they were allowed to travel , rather than having a customers based service . 
  the post 9/11 fear only egged on this sense of entitlement as everything to do with aviation , or movement in and out of the country , became the most serious of business .
