  the bologna process is more about changing the system so instead of people taking 5-6 years to get a masters being the norm , you can pump out graduates with ba and bsc 's in 3 years and graduates with mas and mscs in 4 and get them into the work force . 
  i 'm not saying it 's great system , but it really has nothing to with making university more the american system , nor will it make university more like school . 
  the truth is that the diploma is n't worth enough and masters in most of mainland europe were taking to long ( in the opinion of the government ) . 
  it 's all about cutting out the intellectual growth part of university and pumping you full of very specific material in a short period of time . 
  it 's not at all about dumbing down , or broadening the system so maths majors can study russian as they do in the us , it 's the opposite , it 's about making university into more of a knowledge cram in something very specific , and less time developing research skills and writing papers that will never be read . 
  the american system could n't be further from the bologna process . 
  since americans are paying through the nose for the privilege and the prestige they are n't pressing to churn out highly trained people as fast as possible . 
  if anything the uk is the example the bologna process is pushing for , they want the people trained quickly , reducing the time spent thinking about academic matters and getting people like engineers trained up and ready to use those desirable talents in the workplace . 
  on the other side of things , uk universities are appalled by the notion of the fachochschule , which they 're trying to bring to the uk , since they are of the opinion that nothing useful can come out of an institution that does n't focus on research at all , these were proposed in the uk and came under fire on the grounds that teaching a higher level of subject , beyond school level , can not be achieved by an institution that is not itself a research institution , so there 's an entirely different side to the argument . 
  actually it 's `` the best laid schemes o'mice and men '' , commonly misquoted as plans . 
  no idea why plans is preferred over schemes in most people 's minds . 
  how dare you call stannis a zero . 
  still alive and still the true king of westeros !, 
  bend the knee or be destroyed !, 
  did the world start liking chris evans all of a sudden ? 
  he 's still that tosser who was on the big breakfast show and married billie piper to me ... ? 
  not a patch on elton, 
  no , as i just explained that 's utter bullshit . 
  first off i live in europe , let 's take the uk as an example , you can drive at 17 and drink at 18 , you can drive a moped at 16 . 
  a car might not be so much of a necessity as in rural wyoming but still a large number of kids start learning to drive and pass their test at 17 . 
  they are not a status symbol/luxury item ( how patronising of you ) , especially given that all but the really spoilt kids with rich parents start out with small 2nd cars like fiats and ford hatchbacks and the like , hardly something you want to show off . 
  yes in america more kids have cars overall due to necessity and at a younger age , but i 'd wager that so do kids in canada which is even more rural than the us , driving age 16 ( 14 in certain circumstances ) , drinking age 18 or 19 depending on province . 
  there is absolutely no grounds for having a drinking age of 21 to stop underage drink driving . 
  where did i say the drinking age should be 16 ? 
  there 's simply no logic to saying underage people are drinking and driving , i know let 's raise the drinking age to 3 years beyond the age adulthood . 
  i could see that being an argument for having it at 18 instead of at 16 , but it does n't work any higher than that . 
  the abnormally high drinking age in the us has everything to do with moral panic around alcohol and nothing to do with teenage drink driving , in the same way that the lack of nudity on television does . 
  old enough to join the army , marry , be sent to federal prison , take out a mortgage , start a company , emigrate , but not old enough to buy beer , it 's a hangover from a different age that wo n't be changed due to moralistic attitude of some people . 
  clarkson was , but he seemed like a significant tosser who people paid attention to , chris evans however seems like an irrelevant tosser , who like a bad case of athletes foot you wish would just go and disappear . 
  some people are rich i imagine . 
  username does n't check out, 
  i had a night out in rotterdam a few months ago and i was impressed . 
  busy night life , met some friendly people , different take on turkish food than i 'm used to in germany ( d\u00f6ner plate with rice and houmous ? 
  that 's pushing the boat out ) , smoked a few special cigarettes without being a dick about it , all without the cloying horror that is amsterdam stag parties , hen nights , someone trying to get you into their establishment every five paces and understandably pissed off locals . 
  the only thing it does n't have is all the nice old buildings . 
  i disagree , the foo fighters have never done it for me . 
  why are abandoned theme parks universally creepy ? 
  he was an idiot for acknowledging that he did it deliberately , that 's great evidence and ruins any defence the lawyer might have had of claiming he did n't notice the collision . 
  this guy will serve time or at least have a very long period of probation ahead of him . 
  depends how fucked up the guy is . 
  that 's not true . 
  i know plenty of guys with bas who 've walked into well paid professional positions . 
  it 's less valuable in the countries where it 's not the norm to have one though , because everyone has mas, 
  if by that you mean we do n't give out prison sentences for things that are n't that serious and were probably not done with serious criminal intent then yes , especially when someone is a first time offender ? 
  then yes , that 's why we do n't have an insanely large prison population wasting tax payer money , the largest incarcerated population in the world . 
  shh , it 's part of a conspiracy to improve the speech of the urban classes by bringing back archaic or rare words back in as slang without their knowledge . 
  `` yo , bruv dat dame is delectable ! '', 
  `` yeh bruv she 's mad alluring '' `` i get vexed when she ignores us tho '' `` yeh man it 's crazy irksome '' `` i should get her number that would be mad felicitous '' `` yeh , blud , totally germane '' . 
  in the uk if you 're a foreigner in the country you 're expected to own some kind of identification given that there is no way you should be in the country without some form of identification ( which will always be a passport ) . 
  residents of the uk do n't need to technically own any identification , but there 's no way they could 've become a resident without some form of identification in the first place . 
  if you are a citizen of the uk you do n't need to have any identification , but the police will find someone way of identifying you . 
  in most eu countries it 's the law that you must be able to provide some form of identification if you 're in the country , you do n't have to carry it though . 
  however some countries insist that foreigners carry id at all times , so you should n't even leave the house without the passport technically . 
  i 'm not defensive in the slightest . 
  the idea that nobody serves time in europe is insane . 
  this guy could easily serve time for this depending on how the prosecution is able to establish his intent . 
  assaulting someone with a vehicle is a serious crime in any country . 
  just because europe does n't use the draconian sentencing practices the us does , does n't mean `` nobody '' does time . 
  yes i meant to say almost always , also i 'd be careful with travelling the uk on an id , make sure it 's an accepted one and even then expect them to waste your time triple checking it and being pissy . 
  they will know , they 'll just probably get out some book to reference the authenticity marks and grumble about it . 
  i 've seen people coming into germany on eastern european cards and it 's been the same hold up in the queue . 
  why only the continental part ? 
  it 's an interesting accent . 
  you can see how it 's come to evolve from a variety of british accents imo . 
  the east coast lost their - r 's as the british lost their - r 's due to greater immigration and closer relations with britain . 
  most british accents get around by using a different vowel for vowel + r versus a lone vowel , this accent does that but in a totally different way , uses a very long vowel when it 's followed an r , car really does sound like caaaaa rather than cah . 
  rhoticism however tends to spend vowels like merry-mary-marry , some of these mergers are still in his accent but in a totally different way . 
  from the nationality that says obligated, 
  not new york or philadelphia but brussels ? 
  home of the brussel sprout ? 
  did not see that coming . 
  this is n't possible , we all know birmingham is a no go area for non-muslims , therefore flights for the general public are impossible . 
  milder accent ? 
  what in the fuck . 
  / r/badlinguistics is that way . 
  you 're talking shit mate . 
  most business english is british and british english is mostly taught around the world . 
  a big reason for this is that standard british lacks the rhotic - r sound in words like car and farm , a sound that pretty much only exists in english and frisian afaik . 
  british english pronunciations are far easier to teach than american ones for the most . 
  the only thing foreigners do that is more american is avoid elision and pronounce some words more phonetically . 
  reminds me of [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=33&amp;v=7pqkgqfecwc ) . 
  feral kids in the north of england . 
  to glorious north yorkshire . 
  ah yes , fascism , clearly the cure for violence / s, 
  he was pretty damn racist . 
  the mistakes in the uk tend to be made in the perfect imo `` i 've laid under the tree for hours '' * , i 've also heard people saying `` i lied down '' quite frequently . 
  however i 've never heard anyone confuse lay and lie by saying `` he lays under the tree '' when they 're using the present simple tense . 
  it seems like a really hard mistake to make to me , purely because it conflates the present simple and the past simple , leading to a high chance of ambiguity . 
  also everyone knows present participles follow the present simple tense . 
  if you ask me the confusion of lay and lie comes from some type of confused hyper-correction , when people are told that `` i lied down '' is wrong , and also hear people using `` lay '' in the present simple as a transitive verb , they assume that `` lie '' is only for falsehoods and `` lay '' is the right one for the present simple and laid is the past simple regardless of whether it 's transitive or intransitive . 
  it 's the same way mistakes like `` keep this between you and i '' come to exist , people are scolded/mocked for the more naive mistakes , and then end up overcompensating and getting it equally wrong . 
  ca n't back this up at all but it 's always seemed to me that grammar is more important element of the us education system , or at least has been , and that 's possibly led to a greater propagation of hyper-correction errors . 
  where would that be ? 
  was n't me that downvoted pal . 
  according to a lot of people . 
  yes we do . 
  british people would say ` are ' if referencing the tories collectively for example . 
  no , you 've misunderstood . 
  we would say `` the government are corrupt '' if the subject `` the government '' referenced each and every member of the tory party rather than the singular abstract concept of `` the government '' . 
  in the same way british people would say `` the team are playing well '' ( instead of `` is '' ) `` west brom have been relegated '' ( instead of `` has '' ) when talking about each and every member of the team , but instead might say `` west brom is bankrupt '' when referencing the institution rather than the team .
