  on the other hand . 
  films are about producing entertainment for regular people . 
  the oscars on the other hand seem to be so far up their own arses that they 're coming out the other side . 
  kinda sick of watching the oscars and seeing films that hollywood think are good over films everyone else think are good . 
  it 's not even the thinking man 's award show , it the hollywood douchebag 's award show imo , and they fucking love pretentious rubbish . 
  i did n't realise shouting a lot was `` faking '' your voice ... 
  listen to his twitch . 
  it 's not really a fake voice . 
  not really imo , this is just like an extremer form . 
  they picked up english the last time they ~ ~ invaded ~ ~ were invited to england, 
  i do n't think you understand international waters . 
  international waters are like the wild west . 
  anyone can do what they like there , both pirates and governments , they just have to suffer the consequences . 
  the only things that police it are the political ramifications if a country fucks up and does something that pisses off another nation . 
  essentially international waters are anyone 's jurisdiction . 
  international waters does n't mean nobody can do anything to you , it means * anyone * can do virtually anything to you ( war crimes and human rights violations excluded , unless you 're a pirate of course or nobody finds out ) . 
  no country really needs legal justification to act in international waters , they just have to suffer the political fall out if they do something that pisses off powerful countries . 
  had the boat been in another country 's water then obviously it would be a completely different story . 
  the german government had most likely found out that a ship under their flag had been hijacked , checked to see which suitable armed force could respond fastest , seen it was the dutch marines and asked them intervene as part of a mutual agreement to help each other out in a situation like this . 
  it could have been the british , or the french , or the americans , but it just happened that the dutch were the nearest . 
  yes ppp does account for health care and education i believe , it also takes into account taxes i think . 
  so it would compare the tax the uk pay for the nhs vs the cost of insurance in the usa . 
  it 's a very complicated thing to calculate and different methods will give slightly different answers . 
  what it does n't account for however is the say the security of knowing the nhs will be there for you even if you have no money , or the security of knowing you 'll be able to go to university in germany even if your parents go bankrupt . 
  thing is though that ppp does n't discriminate , education and healthcare are just another goods/services to calculated in the figure . 
  it does n't decide that cheaper education is way more important than cheaper helicopters , it simply looks at everything it can , what it 's worth and how much is sold and figures out which currency has the greater buying power within its own borders . 
  i think each good/service is weighted by the % it makes up of the economy , although you 'd have to speak to an economist to know more about how that is figured out . 
  for example , the nominal gdp of the uk is higher than germany . 
  if a briton earned their avg . 
  nominal gdp per capita and a german who earned their avg . 
  nominal gdp per capita both went to spain . 
  they would find that the british person was slightly richer comparatively . 
  however the ppp value in the uk is -3 while in germany it 's +12 ( the us dollar is used as the comparison stick with a ppp value of 0 ) . 
  so while the german is in germany and the briton is in britain then the german is technically `` richer '' , in the meaningful sense of how much stuff he can with his wage than the briton is . 
  germany has a high ppp value because it manufactures a lot of stuff and exports it around the world . 
  stuff that is made in germany will be cheaper on the whole ( e.g cars ) and it will also be able to use these exports as a bargaining chip to exchange for cheaper imports from places like china and russia . 
  we 'll give you cheaper cars if you give us cheaper raw materials and plastic goods for example . 
  the uk typically has a low ppp value because it 's more of a service economy , it 's far more dependent on imports than other countries rely on its exports , which means industry has to pay a higher price for things coming into the country ( which is practically everything ) . 
  it also does n't help to be a reasonably small island , because that means everything has to be imported directly to you , while you 'll find that many products for germany come in through rotterdam / antwerp rather than hamburg , the uk really only has felixstowe and few other minor ports . 
  yeah but 1688 was !, 
  want to hear a german joke ? 
  yeah . 
  knock knock . 
  do n't you win money with 3 and 4 numbers in the us ? 
  used to be in the uk that 3 numbers won you # 10 , 4 numbers maybe a couple hundred , 5 numbers would get you like # 10,000 and six was the jackpot . 
  there 's a difference between someone discretely curling one out behind some bins or some trees in a time of desperate need and just squatting in the middle of starbucks and trying to go on the floor . 
  just like how if i caught someone pissing up a wall when walking through the city ( not that uncommon ) i would n't whip my phone out , but if i saw someone pissing all over the bread aisle in the supermarket i may well do that . 
  yes , i 'm aware it was more complicated . 
  we just do n't like count that one as invasion to keep our uninvaded since 1066 patriotism going . 
  yeah ? 
  to me his grade voice just seems like an exaggerated form of his own accent . 
  i 'm pretty sure some people here think he sounds like the queen normally and that his accent is just completely artificial . 
  like he say , he puts it on `` a lil '' but not entirely , i doubt most redditors have heard what most british asians sound like . 
   claim shit that is ~ ~ n't ~ ~ theirs, 
  ftfy, 
  what i find funny is that it always tends to be 2 american or british a listers and then one british b lister whom the americans at least often do n't know from adam . 
  it makes for a fun fix that you might not get if you just sat 3 a-listers together . 
  someone has n't got a sense of humour . 
  i think when it first came out it was 1 - 49 with six balls picked , but honestly it was so long ago that i last played i 'm not sure and it may have changed now, 
  oh ok , wehraboo still sounds a lot better though , maybe it should be wurstaboo haha . 
  lies !, 
  william the conqueror = one true king of greater anglo-french empire . 
  remove frogs , remove frogs , burgundians stronk . 
  joan of arc rascal , go back to southern provinces , dauphin weak king , treaty of troyes best day of life , take a bath in rightful claims to rule . 
  tupac alive # 1 in england . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard , kill all frogs with real fast rap magic !, 
  so there !, 
  it 's not really how most foreigners think it is . 
  it 's a bit like saying aye aye aye or oy vey , but it can also mean something like oh my . 
  1.5 million us is n't actually getting into crazy lottery win territory . 
  the more you win the more likely it is to causes you problems . 
  i do n't think this win is really that significant to mean that they 're all that likely to suffer from lottery syndrome . 
  i get the vibe he already knew it was worth a fuck tonne , just was n't quite sure exactly . 
  `` knows not '' ... ? 
  did someone take go looking for an english class and accidentally study middle english ? 
  or are you really just that pretentious . 
  in comparison in the uk a casio calculator was the recommended model however the school did n't mind if you used a different type provided it was a scientific calculators that could do the right things . 
  there were some calculators you were n't allowed to have but that was apparently because they could be programmed to cheat in exams . 
  i 've never even seen a ti calculator and did n't know they existed until i saw a video about the calculator wars . 
  i never heard of anyone paying more that # 30 ( $ 45 ) for a calculator and that was in the 90s , these days the same calculator costs about # 10 i believe . 
  yeah ... no, 
  except there will always be regulation to the principles of the free market are just a fantasy . 
  also it 's not just regulators that can fuck up a `` free market '' . 
  for example , if one company is sufficiently wealthy it can make competition impossible purely by using its superior wealth to hurt the competition , driving up the cost of its competitors materials for example . 
  none of that requires government regulation , just for one company to be far bigger than its rival . 
  free market capitalism puts an unbelievable amount of faith in the invisible hand of the market , when really this `` invisible hand '' is having its strings pulled by existing power structures . 
  fair enough really . 
  if it 's his own house , he 's over 18 , and he 's not charging people money for it what 's the problem ? 
  he 's not responsible for kids who take too many drugs and od , nor is he responsible for underage kids who manage to get into the party . 
  he did n't know they were under 18 , nor did he sell them any alcohol . 
  from the looks of things he was in the middle of nowhere so there 's no noise complaints , so this is n't a big deal in the slightest . 
  he does n't even have the duty of care a nightclub has since it 's private event . 
  that guy was underage and using his parents ' house though . 
  he 's a massive douche for doing that . 
  so much irony in what you said there when google has like virtually the entire search engine market and there 's no possible way for anyone to challenge that . 
  even a giant like bing ca n't threaten it . 
  if you do n't think industries fight dirty to stop the competition competing on a level playing field then you 're a moron . 
  unless you can prove that in court then it 's a meaningless accusation . 
  i mean drug dealers may have been there , but you have to prove they were giving him money for it or that he was profiting from it somehow . 
  back in the early rave scene of the 90s drug dealers used to give the event organisers kickbacks for letting them sell on that turf all the time , but you 'd have hard time showing money had changed hands .
