  it could be taken as a slight towards the restaurant implying the chef does n't know how to portion a meal . 
  good taste and proportionality are important to chefs . 
  last but not least , taking food home suggests you come to the restaurant literally just to purchase food . 
  better restaurants see themselves as selling a dining experience , it 's as much about the service , the ambience , etc as it is about the food . 
  it 's what let 's them justify running such a large staff and thus increasing the mark up on the food above the material costs in order to pay their wages . 
  taking food home suggests you 're simply using the place as your local canteen which could be slightly insulting to their idea of what they 're trying to create . 
  that 's why it 's more acceptable somewhere like pizza hut or nandos , because they do n't have this pretence and everyone knows you 're just there to eat . 
  ultimately , it 's not about looking poor , it 's more about how we treat the concept of a restaurant generally . 
  if the culture holds up dining out as something that 's meant to be special and beyond the mere exchange of money for food then it 's probably not going to approve of doggy bags , in the uk i 'd say it was a mixture some restaurants really just being for food and some having fancier ideals . 
  now in france they take dining even more seriously , so i can see why they might perceive doggy bags as purely a naff americanism , it 's because it 's so deeply engrained in the french culture that dining is an experience where you sit for 2 hours enjoying the wine and street life rather than a place to grab a bite . 
  doggy bags undermine the service element of the process , detaching the food from the restaurant is seen as somehow cheapening the trade , what 's next ? 
  will all restaurants be expected to offer take out too ? 
  what 's to stop people eating two bites and then asking to take it home ? 
  this is the kind questions it raises . 
  it 's far more to do with how the culture reveres the act of dining than worrying that you seem poor if you 're unwilling to waste food . 
  hell , there is not meant to be waste in the first place and if there is then something has gone wrong . 
  i know americans love big portion sizes but in much of europe there is hard to serving the `` correct '' amount , enough that the person is sate but not so much that they feel embarrassed by the mountain of food they 've ordered . 
  it might seem crazy to some american sensibilities that in fancier restaurants you actually pay more to get less , that portion size does n't scale with the cost the meal , but it 's the same in fine dining experiences around the world including the us , and these experiences are something that ordinary european restaurants more frequently try to imitate ( or at least hold up as a golden standard to aim for ) . 
  countries have different work cultures . 
  there are bad things about the anglo work culture too . 
  we have come to a point where putting in extra is expected , particularly in the us , look at the walmart opening chants and stuff . 
  you 're not merely expected to work , but you 're expected to be happy and enthusiastic about it , or at least appear that way . 
  some cultures have a totally different attitude , they dislike the notion of doing something purely because they 're paid , and if you want them to do more it 's the bosses responsibility to ensure that . 
  he may well think `` of course , i extend my breaks , naturally i do n't want to work too hard , if you do n't want me to do that then you should police it somehow , you ca n't blame me for doing what comes naturally '' . 
  frankly , he has a point , secretly we 'd all like to do less for the same money , and it 's only our work culture that tells us there 's something wrong with this . 
  germany has a bit of this culture but differently manifest , a `` you can buy my labour but you ca n't buy me '' kind of attitude . 
  the thing is though many germans will work fiendishly hard while they 're on the clock , with barely a moment of dawdling , but come 4pm when their mandated contracted hours end they 'll clock out on the second without a care . 
  boss needs that done before tomorrow ? 
  who cares that 's his or her problem , they should have managed our time more efficiently . 
  this also makes germany one of the most productive working nations , because they work hard on the clock safe in the knowledge that their time is their time and work hours are the bosses time . 
  workers in countries where this is less defined might be tempted to take the strategy of lack off now while you can because you never know when you 'll be called upon to work extra later . 
  new money always cries . 
   everyone in this video is supposedly speaking english, 
  i know this might well be hard for you to fathom , but had the us a population of only a few million and the accents only had the cultural exposure globally that scottish accents have you could well be saying the same thing about american accents right now . 
  in this world we 'd all be as bewildered by the vowels americans associate with the english spelling as you are with the vowels these guys use . 
  we 'd all be scratching our heads at the peculiar vocabulary like `` sidewalk '' `` transit '' `` suv '' and `` gotten '' . 
  likewise had scotland a population of 300 million and a huge entertainment industry we 'd be thinking they were speaking pure and clearly comprehensible english . 
  as an employee i do n't see many cons frankly . 
  i suppose you ca n't stretch out your hours faffing around for extra cash so you do n't get the great feeling of being paid to hang out and take long dumps during the down time . 
  however , neither can your boss pressure you into putting in a few free hours of labour because it would `` mean so much to the team '' and the `` company is relying on us '' and all that bollocks . 
  if you want someone to work extra in germany the solution is simple , offer them more cash , if they say no and nobody else will/can do it , double your offer . 
  simple as that really , and frankly that 's how it should work , nobody should feel obliged to work outside of their contracted hours for their regular pay , and nobody should be pushed into doing extra work for free . 
  for the jobs that do require this in germany typically it will be written into the contract , so everyone knows what they 're signing up for and are generally reimbursed accordingly . 
  trutv son . 
  you know dat shit 's `` tru '', 
  no fucking way , she had some crazy issues, 
  what a load of shit . 
  america is in the grip of far right republicans that would n't even get 1 % of the vote in most of europe . 
  the far right in most of europe is a tiny minority . 
  american just seem to think right wing americans good : because they shout about freedom and have a capitalist and libertarian streak , mean while right wing europeans bad : because they tend towards a more collectivist nationalist vibe . 
  europe is undoubtedly the most progressive continent on the planet . 
  i 'd be more worried about trump than time wasters like the bnp and afd . 
   then i ever saw in europe, 
  argument invalid . 
  they are all minority parties with barely any seats . 
  most of them are n't any further right than trump is either , most of them running off an anti-immigration stance and soaking up protest votes from the anti-immigration political minority . 
  you 're saying it 's far from a minority when these party literally are minority parties that get a tiny minority of the electorate 's support . 
  this narrative of a european swing to the right is complete bollocks , if anything it 's the us that 's swinging that way since they actually have serious candidates that espouse similar views . 
  where the hell do you get this bullshit ? 
  ukip : 1 seat of 650 on house of commons , 3/816 house of lords , 45k members in population of 64 million . 
  party for freedom ( ne ) : 12/150 in house of representatives , 9/75 in senate, 
  front national : 2/577 in national assembly , 2/348 senate, 
  golden dawn : 18/300 in parliament, 
  no , do n't look at the polls , they are in no way accurate , nor do they represent real political power in any sense . 
  butthurt anti-immigration warriors will fill in polls at every opportunity , just how the eurosceptics vote in every eu election leading to an over representation of eurosceptic meps . 
  furthermore in a first past the post system minority support means very little unless you have seats leading to a regional majority somewhere in the country . 
  meanwhile in a proportional representation system a minority of seats means very little unless you have parties willing to work with you in a coalition . 
  you are buying into a bunch of fear and posturing from parties that have less chance at real power than the pirate parties . 
  which accents people think sound nice is 100 % to do with their social perception of the accent and nothing to do with how it sounds . 
  notice how working class big inner city accents are all low on the scale , yet accents that are perceived as `` quaint '' like geordie , west country , and accents from the roi are all high . 
  if we swapped the accent around but left everything the same we 'd get the same results . 
  someone raised a rampant socialist will think rp sounds like social repression because they believe the people who speak that way are socially repressed . 
  it even works with languages . 
  we think that german and russian sound aggressive because of how we relate to those countries ' histories . 
  we think french sounds poncey but attractive because that 's how see the french , italian sound passionate because we imagine italians as passionate . 
  if there was a true objective standard of taste when it came to speaking then languages would n't be so phonetically diverse across the world . 
  our preference develops later a product of our environment and subconscious absorption of social beliefs and stereotypes . 
  try asking foreigners about various accents , they 'll tell you something completely different , they 'll say that brummie sounds musical or that rp sounds aggressive . 
  there 's nothing behind it except our social perceptions . 
  praise be to doot . 
  easy now . 
  a rhotic accent is merely one in which - r 's which are n't followed by a vowel are pronounced . 
  this says nothing about how the - r is pronounced other than it 's a by a consonant we 'd generally classify as - r. rhotic accents in other parts of the country probably sounded nothing like those in the west country . 
  accents change a lot , another old feature of london accents was using one sound for both v and w. 
  ftfy, 
  i love how you question her being labelled as chinese but not to his being labelled american . 
  stop smoking and you 'll get all the dreams you missed at once . 
  i 've never had that , but multiple times i 've had the most infuriating dream that i 'm trying to type on a smart phone or keyboard . 
  i always feel like have the motor coordination of 6 month old baby , i 'll be smashing the keys getting infuriated that the letters i want are n't being pressed , having what feels like hundreds of attempts at getting a single word off correctly . 
  why does n't it ? 
  ireland tends to have a positive image . 
  i bet if you 'd asked people how it sound in the 1920s you 'd have heard much more negativity . 
  taxes are actual easier in the uk than most other companies if you 're employed by someone else . 
  yeah , it 's nonsense . 
  tonnes of english speakers say `` ya '' , it 's a corruption of yeah for many people , it 's not a special scottish word . 
  also the old english `` gese '' comes from `` gea '' which is from proto-germanic `` ja '' . 
  whoever made this map either does n't understand why comparing root etymologies from different stages is wrong or simply wants to make it seem as if english is an odd one out . 
  that 's contentious . 
  ee is defined by a mixture historic london features combined with historic rp features . 
  rp definitions can range from the queen to the average television presenter .
