  hard brexit is pretty much lose-lose for both the uk and the eu , albeit worse for the uk . 
  wow one foriegn owned company ? 
  this is exactly the kind of idiotic logic that the brexiteer in the video was using . 
  two words `` trade deficit '' . 
  fix that first then we can talk about wilfully devaluing the pound . 
  devaluing the pound massively , as brexit has done , and then expecting exports to catch up 100 % recipe for disaster . 
  i think you 're wrong to be fair . 
  there 's already a lot of brexit support in the us . 
   even someone working retail has learned their trade for two or three years . 
  that 's a massive exaggeration and you know it . 
  the german vocational system is very good , however , unskilled labour is pretty much a free for all of mini-jobs and position that do n't require qualifications . 
  do n't pretend that even a slim minority of people working in retail in germany have done an ausbildung . 
  also let 's not pretend there is n't a downside to the lack of flexibility in german education system and hiring practices . 
  it 's a system that in many ways unfairly benefits the middle class who have the income to support their kids through long period of reduced earnings in training which companies often just used as cheap labour . 
  i spent at least the much in the uk , maybe more , and there are no mandatory hours of lessons , the difficulty of the test simply makes it necessary . 
  in many ways i think the german requirements are just yet another way for germany to regulate itself an industry at the expense of the taxpayer , and that it unfairly inhibits people are the lower end of the social spectrum being able to drive . 
  i assume you mean fitness test ? 
  how is that low ? 
  that 's 100 weeks training , just less than 2 years , virtually the same as germany . 
  our economy is growing because there 's no way for brexit to impact that yet , and it 's not thanks to currency value at all . 
  our gdp ( nominal ) is going to take a massive hit next year . 
  the ftse 100 is at an all time high because the pound is at an all time low and investors are jumping in hoping to buy cheap with a low term outlook for improvement , that 's it . 
  it 's not a good thing , it 's the death toll of the uk economy . 
   our export industry is on the rise and doing well thanks to brexit , but no-one on reddit will talk about that lol . 
  trade deficit , unless that changes every gain made by our export industry will be met with a greater loss in markets dependent on import and that will diminish our purchasing power . 
   people oversimplify the situation , currency value dropping is n't always a bad thing in the long run . 
  dropping currencies are n't inherently bad . 
  you currency suddenly dropping massively when your whole economy is based around a strong pound is fucking disastrous . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're clearly economically illiterate , and that lack of understanding has led to brexit which will devastate the uk , why ca n't you do the honourable thing and admit when you fucked up . 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  `` out by yourself '' means on the job training . 
  the german system is very similar . 
  you do n't think they spend 2 years training without ever being out in public ? 
  the brexit narrative is readily taken up in the us by the public . 
  if we have a real brexit then there will be an ideological war between the uk and eu for decades to come . 
  i do n't think you 're looking at this long term at all . 
  read a book on economics , please . 
  the collapse of currencies is always leading to vultures hoping to profit from the carcass . 
  stating it like it 's a good thing is like stating you have gangrene and it 's a sign of good health . 
  pretty much my analysis too . 
  may 's been bluffing hard with hard brexit , and they 've responded by saying `` go on then ... do it '' . 
  the problem is that may 's all in with her modest pile of chips and eu has a 5 times more at their end of the table and are easily capable of seeing her raise . 
  when your opponent is chip leader then it 's a stupid time to bluff . 
  i do n't think the eu really wants hard brexit , but at the same time they have no incentive to compromise their position . 
  hard brexit still has a negative cost for the eu . 
  it will set a precedent for leaving the eu , it will put the uk and eu at loggerheads ideologically for years to come , it will be used as an example of success by eurosceptics regardless of the reality . 
  it will have implications for eu-us relations , a long period living next to an impoverished uk with trade barriers will sap their economies long term ( even if the uk is in a much worse state ) , it will cost billions in trade negotiations and adapting the regulatory landscape , not to mention military and other things . 
  my point is merely that there are reasons for the eu not really prefer hard brexit as the solution , it 's merely that its consequences are less for the eu than the uk . 
  this is why i personally think hard brexit is unlikely , it 's simply so much easier for everyone not to , and while that may raise havoc in the uk , the people who want brexit are n't nearly as important as the people who do n't , and the consequences of populist revolt in the uk is actually starting to seem more painless than the alternative . 
  of course it will rise again . 
  i never implied such a thing . 
   people oversimplify the situation , currency value dropping is n't always a bad thing in the long run . 
  less than 5 % of economists are saying that . 
  i really going to go on what a tiny minority ( whose motives are often suspect ) , are saying ? 
  most are saying even in an a `` good scenario '' brexit the uk will still be poorer in 10 years time than it would 've been if it had stayed . 
  i mean ffs , you are listening to a few wishful thinkers , ideologists , and shills , over the vast majority of world 's global business community and economics community . 
  fact is you 're not even challenging the dumb rhetoric you 're churning out . 
  the ftse is rising when the currency drops , well of course it fucking is , the only time it would n't do that is if the world thought the uk was completely economically kaput . 
  people saying that it 's good for exports that the currency value is down . 
  yes , that would be the case if had the export industry ready to go . 
  you get the exports first , then devaluing the currency . 
  destroying the currency 's value and then expecting exports to go up is like signing up to swim the channel in the hope it will teach you to swim . 
  there is no question that the uk will be harmed economically by brexit , the only question is how badly . 
  that 's just the populist opinion but it 's fundamentally wrong . 
  eu migration is only dangerous when it 's a danger , cutting off the foot for the sake of a splinter is a bad move . 
  all metrics indicate eu migration has benefited the uk . 
  whether they 're racist or not does n't really matter , the point is that they 're wrong . 
  merkel just wants to share immigrants around the eu , but germany as a country is just doing just dandy . 
  i live there and it 's inherently more integrated as a nation than the uk , and the refugees are rarely a problem . 
  the ring wing media just seems to like to sell a narrative of germany being overrun because it sells papers . 
   and sovereignty with full control of your own laws and regulations is n't some insignificant reason . 
  that 's just the kind of empty rhetoric that got us here . 
  which laws and regulations are holding us back so badly ? 
  they are applied unilaterally for christ 's sake . 
  it 's only in recent years that the uk has started to prosper again , after the whole global economical meltdown , and now you want to jeopardise that ? 
  you 're insane . 
  i think that 's untrue and your response is of an attitude i come across often in germany , which is the unchallenged assumption that something is better in germany than elsewhere . 
  you 're also making the mistake of thinking that just because `` most people '' can deal with it then it 's a fair or well functioning system . 
  german wages very often pay less than british wages , even the minimum wage is somewhat new here . 
  sometimes that 's due to necessity ( cost of living ) , you simply could n't live in britain on the salary that some germans can live on , but sometimes it 's not . 
  you also have to consider the financial burden the state puts on low earners ( mandatory health insurance , pension contributions ) . 
  as is too common in germany , costs are made mandatory through legislation . 
  to combat `` slipping standards '' costs are passed onto the individual rather than admit there 's a problem . 
  some examples of germany logic , `` too many people are without health insurance so we 'll make it illegal not to have health insurance '' , `` too many people are pirating music so we 'll allow civil claims to be made by third parties directly towards downloaders '' , `` too much schwarzarbeit ? 
  we 'll legalise minijobs so people can work without the employer making contributions '' . 
  this seems the same , want a high standard of driving , set a bunch of mandatory requirements that can only be met by licensed professionals . 
  the individual pays for the high standard , and the we look good by creating an industry in teaching driving that can be regulated to stop market saturation and keep the price up . 
  germans are already carrying a high tax burden , then there are additional burdens like being legally insured , what do you get at the end of it ? 
  someone telling you you 're legally obliged to pay for the privilege of conforming to german laws and regulations , either directly , as in learning to drive , or indirectly , by supporting yourself through a long period of reduced income even if you are given some assistance . 
  i think there 's no denying that the german education system is incredibly protective of industry , blocking out skills by only allowing people with the right piece of paper through the door . 
  this inevitably leads to the loss of talent ( as people who potentially could become skilled can not become so and are forced to do less important jobs to keep the money coming in ) and some stifling of innovation ( if the vast majority of people in an industry all go through the same education process then this will make their outlooks more uniform . ), 
  i 'll add that while many social benefits are generous , straight hartz iv is barely any more than the british jobseeker 's allowance . 
  also i 'd argue that regardless of how generous of the benefits , it 's still a life on benefits , and infeasible for some ( e.g immigrants sending money abroad to support a family ) and simply unpleasant for others . 
  lots of people are in a position of choosing either a long period of low income and borderline poverty , or selling themselves short by immediately joining the job market , and locking themselves out of more highly paid work . 
  one thing that is striking evident about germany is the divide between educated and uneducated ( and i include vocation education in `` educated '' ) , and this is a system that propagates this divide , the divide is indicative of an economic divide that is veiled behind a wall of social support . 
  imo , it 's quite simple , if you want a fair society , germany should either nationalise an industry like teaching people to people to drive , subsidising costs for everyone ( none of this , it 's cheap if you 're on benefits but if you 're not you 'll pay more . 
  honestly sometimes i wonder if germany wants people to be on benefits rather than be economically independent ) , or it should deregulate the industry , so that while people can choose to invest thousands of euros into learning , they 're not legally obliged to do so , at least allowing poor people a chance at teaching themselves if necessary . 
  as is common , this is a `` worst of both worlds '' solution that hides itself in the contradictions of trying to be both a capitalist and socialist country . 
  watch the video , he personally claims to be a lawyer , not his dad . 
  fuck off then .
