  the only real benefit to curing him would be to get him out of the system and stop costing the nhs money , and it 's far cheaper to do this by telling people to go home and wait for it to fix itself rather than have someone spend a year doing monthly visits to a highly paid specialist who gets paid by the nhs to take on their patients rather than being within the nhs system proper . 
  as does british media, 
  stuck a feather in his hat and called it macaroni !, 
  lol came to quote this but i was too late . 
  remember guys even if the over funded military fails all those guns held by rednecks would make america invincible , certainly worth a few schools shootings a year !, 
  damn ... from my europoor lodgings i can only see the alps , a skyscraper , a stadium and a park . 
  god i wish i was diverse like the us :(, 
  `` obviously been doing something right for 229 years ! '', 
  god i hate this attitude , they 've pretty much been doing the same as every other nation blessed enough to be inhabited by europeans for 229 years . 
  bastard also chucked churchill out the whitehouse , he 's got a bee in his bonnet over kenya ... 
  for example saying `` i want to go to the shops on the bus today '' instead of saying `` i want today with the bus to the shops to go '', 
  no i 'm afraid you 're wrong . 
  `` how much of what you said '' and `` how much what you said '' have two totally different meanings . 
  1 : you have no idea how much what you just said bugs me ... it bugs me a lot !, 
  2 : you have no idea how much of what you just said bugs me ... like 90 % of it bugs me !, 
  1 - is quantifying how bugged he really is . 
  2 - is quantifying what percentage of what the previous poster wrote is bugging him . 
  because he used 1 . we can assume all of what the previous poster wrote bugs him , what he 's expressing is that we are unaware of how bugged he really is . 
  `` that '' is totally wrong here . 
  in a simpler sentence you would say `` what you said bugs me '' ... `` what you said that bugs me '' would be wrong in this situation . 
  `` that '' only comes into it when you want to specify something for example `` what it is that bugs me is what you said '' ( the bugging thing is what you said , i.e the scope of the bugging is specified as the said-thing ) and `` what you said that bugs me are the 1st and 3rd sentences '' ( the bugging things are the 1st and 3rd sentences i.e the scope of the bugging is specified as the 1st and 3rd sentences ) . 
  also note that in some cases ( although not the ones we 've covered ) `` that '' is often dropped in casual speech , for example `` the house jack built fell down '' ( the jack-built-house fell down ) is just as good as `` the house that jack built fell down '' . 
  hope this helps !, 
  haha come on . 
  that 's not that hard , that that takes the word `` that '' is easy to understand !, 
  just remember i can think of three uses for `` that '' . 
  replaces certain words . 
  e.g jim : i 've won the lottery . 
  john : that 's good ( i.e your winning of the lottery is good ), 
  specifies . 
  compare a ) i like the puppies ( i like all of the puppies ) , b ) i like the puppies that have long ears ( i only like the puppies with long ears , the short eared puppies can fuck off ), 
  acts like `` so '' and works with quantities . 
  jim : maths is impossible . 
  john : it 's not that hard ( i.e it 's not so hard , it 's not as hard as you are saying ), 
  yeah well you can blame the french for that , they use `` que '' for everything too . 
  german is slightly better insofar as it only uses das/dass for uses 1 . and 2 . and differentiates between the uses in the written form e.g das ist schlect !, 
  ( that is bad ) / ich mag die frauen , dass blondes haar haben ( i like the women that have blond hair ), 
  not really you just get used to the fact that the majority of people in the world who can speak english speak english as a second language and therefore mess it up a lot . 
  living in germany i get used to the `` we 're going tomorrow with the train to berlin , wana come ? '', 
  instead of `` we 're going to berlin on the train tomorrow , wana come ? 
  '' , the constant misuse of that/which/who , the constant pronouncing - w as - v and more annoyingly pronouncing - v as - w ( extra stupid since the english - w does n't even exist in german ) , the complete elimination of the subjunctive from english , pronouncing `` work '' like `` walk '' . 
  you get used to hearing the same types of canonical sentences over and over ( these are the structures you are often taught in school ) , and you start to eliminate the subtleties from you own speech because you know they wo n't be picked up on . 
  english actually has great complexity to it that very few foreigners will ever master . 
  german has complexities but they 're often very explicit , if you get them wrong you 'll say something that does n't mean what you want it to , however english complexities are the kind of things that take years of exposure to get a feeling for . 
  even with fluent speakers these things will go over their heads since they are looking at the meaning of the words , whilst a native english speaker will think about why someone has chosen to phrase something a certain way compared to all the available alternatives , 2nd language speakers tend to be happy they have understood at all . 
  additionally there 's almost no consequences to missing out the subtleties of english since the impact is so slight most of the meaning will be kept and often native speakers will use context to recover any minute loss of meaning your choice of words neglected . 
  something as simple as saying 1 . 
  `` he quickly ate the burger '' has a slightly different implication than 2 . 
  `` he ate the burger quickly '' . 
  1 . is more stressing that he 's in a rush generally and therefore rushed to eat as fast as he could , whilst 2 . is more focused on the speed of the act of eating . 
  for example , `` john got a text saying he was needed immediately , so he quickly ate his dinner and left '' ( he was hurrying ) . 
  `` at the world speed eating championship john ate the food quickly '' in this case we are more focused on the speed of the eating rather than a general state of haste john is in , he is n't in a rush generally he 's deliberately eating quickly for a purpose . 
  a lot of this is contextual , since this rule will only apply when it can contextually . 
  another good example of this is running . 
  `` john quickly ran to the bus stop because he was late for work '' does not require that john be a quick runner ( < subjunctive , foreigners would say `` not require that john is a quick runner '' , everyone would understand and nobody would bat an eyelid but technically it 's not perfect english , sorry getting sidetracked ) , john could be a fat bastard who runs the hundred metres in 30 seconds ( notice how it 's `` the hundred metres '' not `` a hundred metres '' because we 're talking about the hundred metre sprint not an arbitrary distance ) . 
  however `` at the olympics the athletes ran quickly '' is correct since they were fast runners . 
  the first is stressing the action was undertaken immediately , the second is stressing the speed of the action more literally . 
  again compare 3 . 
  `` i only answered 3 questions '' to 4 . 
  `` i answered only 3 questions '' , they can mean the same thing , and if a german said this to me i 'd assume they meant the same regardless . 
  however if a native speaker said it i 'd assume slightly different implications from each . 
  here 3 . would imply that there were more questions to be answered , however they could n't answer more for some reason . 
  could imply that there were only 3 questions available , perhaps implying surprise at this fact . 
  e.g `` i only answered 3 questions in the exam , i 'm never going to get a good grade for that '' / `` in the survey i answered only 3 questions and was paid # 100 for that , i 'm amazed they pay so well for so little work . '', 
  edit : sorry i messed it up first time round, 
  here are more fucked up examples . 
  sorry to bore you with this stuff . 
  john said `` i am a doctor '', 
  john said he is a doctor, 
  john said he was a doctor, 
  here 3 . can mean three things if someone said it . 
  it can mean the same as 2 . because we 're talking about something someone said in the past and are simply matching the tenses , or it can mean john told us that he used to be a doctor but stopped being was one at some point , or it can be used to cast doubt on john 's doctor status . 
  for example imagine the police are interrogating someone who was tricked into committing a crime . 
  police : why did you do what the man told you ? 
  suspect : he said he was a doctor, 
  the choice of `` was '' over `` is '' here is very important since it shows that the suspect now realises that there 's a possibility that the man was n't a real doctor . 
  in this context the choice of words takes on a meaning . 
  now compare these bastard english sentences . 
  i preposing a. 
  this one you can keep . 
  you can keep this one . 
  ii postposing a. i 've lent to jill the only copy that has been corrected . 
  b. i 've lent the only copy that has been corrected to jill . 
  iii inversion a. 
  in the bag was a gold watch . 
  a gold watch was in the bag . 
  the car was driven by sue . 
  sue drove the car . 
  there was a doctor on board . 
  a doctor was on board . 
  vi extraposition a. 
  vii cleft a. 
  it was kim who suggested it . 
  b. kim suggested it . 
  viii pseudo-cleft a. 
  what i need is a cold drink . 
  b. i need a cold drink . 
  ix dislocation a. 
  it 's excellent , this curry . 
  this curry is excellent .
