  are you joking ? 
  the middle east has been fucked since the 70s and is still fucking chaos , syria , isis ? 
  nothing is being done to truly resolve this . 
  just because standard of living has risen in africa does n't mean anything is fixed . 
  they 'll demand higher standard of living still , their populations will grow , their influence will increase and so will their consumption of resources . 
  nigeria is over half the size of america now and growing rapidly , some people living on a dollar a day or less . 
  i 'm not denying that the earth could support 100 billion , all i 'm saying with the current management and attitude we 'll never get a point where we can sustainably build that 100 billion society , since they 'll be too many people squabbling over not enough capacity to look after those people . 
  portion sizes , the friendliness of people and the taste of the food ? 
  amg anti-america circle jerk !, 
  this is hard one . 
  there 's something about the way many people treat stuff there , taco bell for instance , everyone knows it , everyone has an opinion . 
  everyone knows the brands of shops and restaurants they seem as if they 're almost national institutions . 
  here we 're like so what it 's just a restaurant ? 
  i would n't be shocked if no other countries had nando 's would i. america is a bit weird to me as european but hardly that difficult to understand , it just feels the same without the old stuff . 
  when americans come to europe and start freaking out over minor little thing i find that weird , it 's like `` omg you guys do n't have x y z , omg that 's sooo weird '' , is it really so weird though ? 
  i guess the weirdest thing about american culture is that it 's all so normal to you and take it for granted so much that you 're actually shocked when places are different . 
  as a european i could move to america for work tomorrow and it would n't be a massive culture shock i do n't think , sure i 'd miss a few things but it would n't be difficult , yet in reverse americans seem to overreact to the minor differences . 
  you should leave your country more often , same for almost all of your countrymen, 
  the uk and germany are old brethren ( along with the danes ) , same royal families , prussia and hanover were our best allies against the french , hundreds of years ago people on in east anglia could have partially comprehensible conversations with sailors from those regions . 
  pre-ww1 germans were well liked and respected in british society and vice-versa . 
  the 20th century really ruined it all . 
  good well stay there . 
  every time i go to the us i 'm shocked by the number of morons such as yourself , how the only interesting things are things you did n't make or do but rather natural phenomena like the grand canyon , the horrible poverty that people turn a blind eye to and the sheer level of shitty quality of most people 's lives there . 
  loads of no go zones due to car jacking . 
  for every millionaire mansion there 's twenty guys working 60 hour working weeks without benefits at best buy . 
  but yeah the vatican sure is underwhelming , vaticans are dime a dozen in the us obvious , da vinci 's on every street corner , notre dam ? 
  nothing compared to k-mart . 
  the pyramids ? 
  fuck that i want to see the hollywood sign . 
  such wonderful creations ... so overwhelming , such concrete plastic beauty , such testament to man 's creativity and passion , who needs culture , you 've got disneyland !, 
  i rewatched inglorious basterds recently and whilst i love the film it 's never going to be a classic , it just has too many failings . 
  lots of the film is genius and the other parts are crud . 
  why did they cast mike myers in that scene ? 
  it goes from the genius of waltz opening scene to campy nonsense right there , hitler is n't portrayed well , just ridiculous , g\u00f6bbels was far better and more sinister . 
  the scenes with brad pitt are hit and miss , the big fuss they made of the `` bear jew '' , a character that barely does anything after that just seemed a ruin a good scene . 
  the bar scene is genius though . 
  i realise it 's not meant to be a serious war piece and has comic elements but some parts just throw the experience off . 
  why is complaining your country is being bashed a big part of yours ? 
  what are you on about ? 
  everyone on that video clearly has a welsh accent ? 
  ca n't you hear it ? 
  it 's nothing like what you 'd get from most reporters . 
  except the guy in the video has a welsh accent ? 
  it 's not , rp is an accent , welsh is a group of accents , this man was speaking with a welsh accent . 
  at best you could call it a welsh accent that 's slightly rp influenced since whilst the bbc recruit people with regional accents these days they still want them slightly toned down so everyone will understand . 
  rp accent is david attenborough , david cameron and stephen fry , this sounds nothing like it . 
  yesterday i saw a bunch of asian gentlemen one carrying what looked like 100 quid of curry pop into the pub for a whiskey , so i 'd say anything goes . 
  i 'd put morrisons with tesco in terms of class , although i personally think it 's way better since better deals on fresh produce , more focus on the in house bakery , deli , fishmongers and butcher . 
  tesco is the pits these days imo . 
  iceland is always the most trashy because it 's so rare to see fresh produce there . 
  no way morrisons is superior these days . 
  i think you have to consider what you 're buying too , buy food from tesco or asda is totally normal . 
  i 'd say iceland is the worst because it 's all frozen or pre-packaged , aldi and lidl are for people who want cheap food and do n't care about brands or the shops presentation . 
  asda is for people who want cheap deals but want to buy brands . 
  tesco and morrisons are bog standard in the middle with morrison 's trying to get a hold on fresh produce by cutting all their meat in house rather than having it delivered pre-packaged . 
  sainsbury 's is basically tesco with delusions of being more reputable and smarter but it 's barely any different , the supermarkets tend to bit nicer to look at inside . 
  marks and spencer is more a department store that 's branches into quality food , i do n't think it 's that posh really but your grandma probably thinks so . 
  waitrose 's is the most luxury end of the chain supermarkets , full of quails eggs , balsamic vinegar and other such middle class luxury items . 
  i would n't say any are trashy save perhaps iceland , but for example buying clothes from tesco is mildly trashy , but not if you 're just getting school uniform or socks or whatever . 
  the egyptian deity, 
  mathematics describes relations in abstract . 
  pure maths does n't technically explain the universe at all , but rather allows us a way of describing the relationships we discern empirically . 
  for example people could n't measure temperature until we found a constant that allowed us a reference point from which to measure , whether that constant was -15 degrees or 100 degrees or 1000 degrees it did n't matter it was entirely arbitrary , but once we have it we begin assigning a value to things and studying the relationships we find with accuracy . 
  but you can buy steak and pork chops whatever size and price you want , none of this ripped off prepacked nonsense :(, 
  o golly gee , how golly art thee ? 
  the word you 're looking for is `` oh '', 
  these explanations are n't very good imo . 
  basically when the strikers break away and are running up field for a goal attempt they have to be one of two things : behind the ball ( imagine a horizontal line across the pitch ) or behind one of the opposition 's defenders ( same horizontal line but where the defender closest to the goal stands ) . 
  so if you 're dribbling the ball up field you need n't worry where you are since you 're behind the ball , if you 're one of the other strikers without the ball you have to either lag behind the leading striker or if the defenders are between you and the goal as they should be , then you ca n't sprint past the defenders for an easy cross . 
  this rule prevents teams from keeping a striker close to the opposition 's goal to receive long balls up field where they can take on the goalie whilst the defenders are busy further up field . 
  by the same logic it allows defenders to be further up field rather than hanging out with the goalie all game in case of a long ball . 
  very important rule . 
  it 's gone all aussie rules, 
  bye bye argentina , ca n't say the germans did n't deserve it . 
  jaaa, 
  yes ? 
  they went out early with italy in group d remember ? 
  ( edit : oh you 're a butthurt argie fan i see now , hardly did any worse than italy though did we ), 
  what are you even talking about i did n't downvote you moron . 
  it 's people holding camera phones lol, 
  you 're embarrassing us britons by seeming a tadge jealous there mate, 
  or 1989 tbh, 
  what 's to understand , collectives are plurals ? 
  having an - s on the end is n't the definition of a plural . 
  whether you 're talking about a plurality of things is what makes it plural . 
  im this cases it makes it clearer that you 're talking about people not a thing . 
  for example : germany are big consumers of sausage meat , germany is a beautiful country . 
  makes perfect sense . 
  yes because this entire month all i 've done is watch world cup games on repeat and have n't gone outside . 
  just like i lost 3 months watching the last game of thrones series ? 
  you 're an idiot . 
  britain is waiting for hers hurry up god damn it !, 
  i just want to point out that there 's no need to write in british english when your portraying a british character , for example you can read the hitch hikers 's guide in american english , it 's just when the word is pronounced differently and we 're supposed to be in the mind of british character that it seems wrong . 
  if a british character thought `` i need to go to the shopping center '' ( rather than centre ) in an american publishing of a book it would n't be wrong , but if he thought `` i need to go to the mall '' it would be . 
  leaving the eu is financially the dumbest thing we can do , we are kicking ourselves in the teeth by even discussing it since it creates a element of lingering doubt in the minds of business ventures that might be sizing up the uk . 
  most of the big employers in the uk are not british based , the ones that are work overseas a great deal , all have long term plans in place that assume the uk 's continued eu membership . 
  i ca n't imagine us ever leaving and if we did it would be disastrous . 
  the people who want to leave are either xenophobic morons , scapegoating imaginary romanian labour immigration for the economic downturn or simply do not understand the situation and have picked up on one or two pieces of legislation that did n't suit them personally like lorry drivers . 
  the uk should be the most , or one of the most influential members of the eu , but instead we 're seen as a half hearted member who 's now getting their arses handed to them by angela merkel . 
  all because of a bunch of morons to romanticise the days of the british empire .
