  so a troll or a religious nutcase then ? 
  needless to say , i do n't your understanding of the bible is anything else but nonsense written warlords to keep peasants in order . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  i 'm not the person you responded to but i do n't know the background on this . 
  as you are someone who is probably religious , why would n't believe in the religion that pretty much only exists in one country ( yes i know you exist in other countries but in reality your presence in terms of actual conversion are pretty pathetic ) , and is still by far a minority religion , rather than the religion we know historically managed to covert possibly long lived empires in known history and what the defining core of all modern civilisation as we know it . 
  conventional christianity got europe from mud huts to computers with the mormon `` amendments '' . 
  if you believe in providence how can you explain the seemingly unrevolutionary impact of the mormon doctrines . 
  you 've got to see some absurdity in some american `` missionary '' standing next a european cathedral 300ft high built 700 years ago telling them they 've got it all wrong and that a community based in utah have all the answers . 
  i do n't hate religions but mormonism is a cult . 
  i mean tithing ? 
  come on . 
  germany has been clever and adapted their economy to suit fom more effectively than ours , simultaneously giving workers security while taking on new immigrants who are encouraged to learn skills in the same way that natives are . 
  the `` immigrants tukin ur jerbs '' does n't fly there at all . 
  american is actually the more francophile language imo . 
  take into consideration is probably a closer english phrase to `` etwas in erw\u00e4gung ziehen '' . 
  you would n't `` take the future into consideration '' while you might consider the future . 
  you really need to work on your pitch . 
  you sound a little bit a artificial voice with the way your pitch goes up and down between syllables . 
  your pronunciation is n't that bad at all but your pitch is so strange . 
  like you 're artificially forcing an up and down alternating pitch . 
  just listen to the way your say - pay _ per - text _ books . 
  my advice would be that you try to tune into the pitch of the language , it rises and falls on a gradient rather than jump up and down like a city skyline . 
  you 're also separating your syllables a bit too much , in english the syllables flow into one another more than what you 're currently producing . 
  less so in american english than most other types of english , but still more than you 're doing . 
  well i 've lived in germany for over 2 years and i 'm still not good enough to study a university course in german . 
  that said i 've been lazy and do n't push myself enough to study every single day . 
  it 's a massive hurdle to reach that level , although it does depend on what you 're studying . 
  this is good if you have a bit of grammar knowledge already . 
  about 30 ours instruction is recommended mate . 
  at roughly 20 quid an hour that 's a fair bit of cash . 
  you 'll also need to borrow the car to sit the test unless you have another suitable vehicle . 
  doddery old guy decides to free the coming generation from international cooperation . 
  what a prat . 
  i think britain should be in the eu as an important balance of power . 
  leaving is the worst thing we can do . 
  makes me want to become a pirate, 
  to be fair you have culture shock if you go anywhere . 
  if you go somewhere vastly different then you get it all at once , if you go somewhere more similar it creeps up on you , and often leaves you bewildered at how cultures can be so similar and yet so different . 
  have fun , we 're definitely a more laissez faire people than much of europe and our social culture can be somewhat inscrutable , even to britons . 
  do n't let our polite friendliness and easy manner lead you to feel let down or betrayed when it does n't necessary blossom into a meaningful relationship . 
  have fun and try to appreciate it for what it is . 
  we just call them asians , possibly east asians if we need to distinguish them from other asians . 
  i found the final two seasons a bit stretched to be honest . 
  for me it lost that moment of interest it had earlier on . 
  you knew it was going to end at some point so all the stuff with the biker gangs for me grew a bit wearisome . 
  how so ? 
  eu seems much more tolerant of our dissent than we have been of their ideas . 
  in reality the transference rates for men who have unprotected pov intercourse with an infectious hiv positive woman are less than 1 % , and even riskier behaviours like unprotected anal sex with an infectious partner are n't that much higher ( like 2 % of something ) . 
  you also have to bear in mind that not all hiv positive people are considered infectious because they have to have a certain count in their bloodstream which these days can usually be controlled by medication , provided the hiv positive person is aware of it . 
  circumcision does reduce these odds slightly , although really only for the the penetrating sexual partner , but we 're talked a minor reduction on what are already minuscule odds . 
  the spread of hiv has always been a numbers game , and while it is possible to get hiv from one unlucky encounter one just needs to do a bit of baynesian probability analysis to see that chances are small . 
  the chance can also be reduced to negligible by practising safe sex . 
  it makes no sense whatsoever to chop of part of your body just to change your odds of getting hiv when having unprotected sex with a hiv positive person from 1 % to 0.5 % ( or something like that ) . 
  it could even be harmful and lead people into a false sense of security . 
  the only thing that makes sense is wrapping your junk with new or casual partners and making sure any long term ones are honest about their sexual activity and get tested every once in a while . 
  can anyone say victim complex ? 
  what 's funny is that i have more understanding of people who do selfish / mildly illegal shit than i have for the reaction many people have when they get called out on it . 
  if you 're going to do something like , like park in a spot you 're not meant to , and let 's face it we 've all done stuff like that at some point in our lives , at least fucking own up to it like a big boy/girl . 
  this kind of reaction just shows that the person is bonkers and does n't just occasionally bend/break the rules , but rather convinces themselves they 're right even when they 're not . 
  that 's a much crazier behaviour than parking in a disabled spot for 10 minutes while you run into a shop to grab some bits . 
  afaik flakka is just a street name for synthetic cathinones . 
  what 's strange though is that these synthetic cathinones hit the market when i was younger , late 00s and the early part of the current decade . 
  never saw anything like this kind of behaviour from people who were abusing the shit out of them . 
  this kind of behaviour seems to me to be suggestive of heavy use of some kind of synthetic cannabinoid , which i only say because i 've seen some really fucking strange behaviour from the people addicted to that shit . 
  these guys fuck ... 
  what 's with littering anywhere ? 
  japan is possibly one of the most law abiding countries in the world where the small infraction of the law is looked on with horror by most of the population . 
  britain is not . 
  how dirty a place is always a matter of how well behaved the population are relative to how much money the government spends on keeping it clean . 
  in britain we have a significant number of people who litter combined a level of spending that is insufficient to counter that effect . 
  yes , but that does n't matter otherwise . 
  also why would we want to lose the greenwich name from the historically most important time referent . 
  that 's french talk !, 
  i 'll add though that lots of irish people do n't like people using roi as the de facto name for their country . 
  they would rather you just called it `` ireland '' , and called the north `` northern ireland '' . 
  you certainly must n't call it `` southern ireland '' , which is liable to get people pissed off at you . 
  ireland + northern ireland are the safest bets . 
  this is due to the belief that saying other than simple `` ireland '' ( or eire ) is delegitimising and that ultimately it should all just be one country called `` ireland '' . 
  also , while geographically ireland has been called part of the british isles historically at various time , although there is some doubt about when that precisely came about , referring to ireland as part of the british isles can come across as a politically loaded naming practice , and thus the safest way to refer to these places are as the islands of great britain and ireland , not `` the british isles '' . 
  just some tips if you find yourself in the company of some irish people for whom it 's a touchy subject . 
  well not really . 
  let 's be fair . 
  only a tiny number of brits travel abroad for work , and there is a low unemployment rate in the uk , even if you account for the zero hour contract fuckery . 
  as for tax haven , britain certainly has attracted a lot of rich europeans avoiding their national tax rates , it 's hardly a tax haven in the sense of the cayman isles or luxembourg . 
  hell it 's not even switzerland . 
  the person you were responding to is a prat but let 's not go insane , anyone in the eu saying that is just spouting empty anti-uk rhetoric . 
  the only guy i know under 30 that voted brexited also regularly posts photos on facebook telling us how eu migrants get priority for council housing , or how refugees get paid 800 pounds a week to live in luxury housing . 
  mostly from sites like edl and britain first . 
   they created one of the most prosperous eras in the history of civilization . 
  but they did n't . 
  the us especially the tidal wave of war debt and the post-ww2 power vacuum to establish itself as the world 's only major 1st world economy undamaged by ww2 . 
  i mean seriously after ww2 the us had the world in the palm of its hand . 
  the us set itself up as the world 's power house economy and the regrowing european economies had little choice but to buy american goods and services . 
  this created a labour shortage but also a fertile economy that meant anyone with a modicum of skills at anything was in demand and employers could afford to pay them well because of how profitable the market was for them . 
  the boom of the post-war era was mostly limited to the us , or at very least to the anglosphere and parts of western europe , who were mostly doing well by proxy through trade with the seemingly infinitely growing us economy . 
  the real reason fees rose was because it was left to free market forces and the demand just kept throwing . 
   so they were getting priority housing and were claiming hundreds a week ... not sure about the # 800 figure though . 
  what the fuck you talking about mate . 
  they 're getting housing benefit not council housing . 
  access to that is the same for everyone .
