  it might not be a very big area area but technically that square mile is up there with compton and detroit . 
  all it takes is one neighbourhood where half the people are addicted to crack and you 've got yourself a no-go zone . 
  although the not as fox news claimed `` muslim no-go zones '' , the muslim areas are rosy in comparison provided you do n't go running your mouth about muhammed . 
  london , birmingham , manchester and liverpool all have high homicide areas . 
  other cities have scummy areas but not so much murdering . 
  most of england is dandy . 
  bollocks is there . 
  crips and bloods are n't really international criminals now are they . 
  you 'd be more likely to find cartel members arranging smuggling with russians . 
  european gangs do n't look like this muppet do they . 
  birmingham is in mercia xd, 
  `` a rifle behind every blade of grass '' should be on the sas bingo . 
  i 'd love to see how those rifles hold up against a tank or japanese bombing run . 
  they were clearly quaking in their boots at the thought that bubba might go get his shotgun as the heavy artillery drew near . 
  america should n't be saying `` i want one '' , more like `` damn commies !, 
  how dare they build something i do n't have !, 
  only america is allowed to build cool things !, 
  this undermines my inflated ego and people will question my usa # 1 mantra !!, 
  if this becomes popular boeing wo n't get all the money !!, 
  those quiet bangs hurt my ears !, 
  only usaf allowed to make bangs ! '', 
  is n't anyone else really curious to see if a vibrating cockring worn on your toe is really so relaxing . 
  i would totally invest in some kind of foot massaging device , maybe this would do the trick . 
  and you 're a butthurt nationalist . 
  obviously i do n't actually want a war , are you fucking insane ? 
  i was just making the point the america 's nra members would n't do shit against an organised military . 
  if that were the case the us would n't need to spend 4.7 % of its gdp on its military now would it . 
  that 's just bollocks though . 
  to an invaded force the military would be 99.999 % of the threat . 
  the `` militias '' as they like to dub themselves would pose 0.001 % of the threat . 
  real scary . 
  not in a sense that justifies gun ownership on the grounds of protection from foreign invaders . 
  i 'm afraid it 's only wack jobs fapping over the military exploits of the past that think in these terms in the 21st century . 
  ok but to me it 's a question of is it bad enough to warrant intervention . 
  when i was a kid a ham sandwich , a packet of crisps and a mars bar were considered an adequate lunch . 
  nobody particularly gave a shit about a nutrition in the 80s and early 90s and nobody died . 
  to me , whilst being less than optimal lunch , it 's hardly worth a letter even , and certainly not worth making a drama over as if it were child abuse . 
  i 'm sorry , but no , you 're an idiot since i never said it was close . 
  i merely said there were high homicide areas . 
  also you quoted the article incorrectly , there were 89 homicide , and that was lowest annual figure on record . 
  it 's not the schools job to state this so called fact . 
  if they think neglect is occurring then that is their prerogative to report it . 
  otherwise they should stay the fuck out of it . 
  the problem is that the teacher 's actions suggest the school think it 's their responsibility to optimise the child 's welfare . 
  that is wrong in my opinion . 
  if we allow schools to have this type of fine grained influence upon parents ' behaviour then parents will be subject to the most cloying and smothering of regulations . 
  the amount of smug bullshit that comes out of ptas and other parenting groups is unbelievable . 
  little johnny ca n't eat gluten , i want a vegan menu , no lactose for little taylor and so forth , all without medical confirmation i might add . 
  there are already schools that ban chocolate and sweets of any form . 
  i would rather teach my children self governed moderation rather than this stasi like normativity . 
  there is a line to be drawn and that is when a parent 's actions warrant neglect , otherwise the school system has no place interfering in the home life of ordinary people . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i called you an idiot because you said `` sorry , but no . '' ... 
  no to what exactly ? 
  did i claim that london had a homicide rate equal to los angeles ? 
  the fuck i did ... 
  i said that some british cities have high homicide areas . 
  compared to most areas in developed countries these areas ( not cities ) have a high homicide rate . 
  therefore it is perfectly reasonable to call them `` high homicide areas '' . 
  i 'm terribly sorry they do n't match the amount of murdering that goes on in many us cities but frankly that 's a very fucking good thing . 
  i wish that there were no high homicide areas in the uk . 
  perhaps you should think about the tone of your responses if you do n't wish to be called an idiot . 
  i did n't say the act of sending the letter constituted smugness . 
  i said that ptas and other parenting groups often suffer from smugness . 
  there 's an incredibly important distinction to be made here . 
  i believe it is merely a matter of principle regarding whether teachers should intervene in any sense ( sending a letter , bringing the matter up on parents ' evening etc. 
  ) , when the actions of a parent are within a tolerable limit . 
  personally i do n't think educators should act unless the actions of the parent warrant neglect or abuse and so forth . 
  the reason for this is because i can say from personal experience that there are a lot of smug , self-righteous parents and educators out there . 
  people who gain satisfaction from judging others to be inferior to themselves . 
  if we give them too much power in regard policy then it will lead to little more than discrimination and unnecessary complications . 
  you may well say it was just an advisory letter , but she said something along the lines of please ensure your child has a better lunch tomorrow . 
  well what if the parent refuses ? 
  what if the parent can not afford to do so since they 've bought their child luncheon food in bulk for the next month and changing it would incur additional cost ? 
  is it an empty threat , or at what level of escalation will this end ? 
  it 's amazing what people can justify on the grounds of having a child 's welfare at heart . 
  that 's why the line between neglect and adequate parenting is an important one . 
  it clearly defines where an educator 's responsibilities end and where the parent 's begin . 
  do i think a nutritious lunch balanced in protein/carbs/vitamins and so forth is best for a child or encourage health development and behaviour etc. ? 
  of course i fucking do . 
  however , that wo n't change my opinion on whether the teacher 's actions were justified . 
  edit : i 'll also add that if the teacher had said `` from the contents of little bobby 's lunch today we feel that he would benefit from a diet less high in processed sugar and richer in fresh fruit and protein , this is merely an advisory notice please feel free to act as you see fit '' then it would n't have been an issue . 
  however they did n't do that they acted in a way that goes beyond their duty as educators . 
   excuse me ? 
  i should watch my tone ? 
  i was being cordial , and you decide to just fucking insult me . 
  no you were n't . 
  saying `` sorry but no '' would suggest i had made a statement that was incorrect , which i have n't . 
   and yeah , obviously cities , especially international cities like london , have a higher homicide rate than small towns and rural areas . 
  no shit . 
  but if you think london has a significantly higher murder rate than any other city of comparable size , you 're fooling yourself . 
  wow just wow . 
  first off , is london 's homicide rate significantly higher than tokyo 's ? 
  how about seoul 's ? 
  so yes i do think that london has a significantly higher murder rate than some cities of comparable size . 
  am i still fooling myself ? 
  no , it seems it is you who is fooling yourself . 
  secondly , my statement was not about the cities of the uk . 
  it was about areas of cities within the uk , so your statistics about uk metropolitan areas as a whole are completely irrelevant to the statement i made . 
   and considering that the whole context of this conversion is an american asking what part of the uk has a lot of crime , i do n't think it 's unreasonable to compare london to american cities .
