  i think countries with lots of space relative to population breed a different attitude altogether , another factor is whether you have an armed population , people tend to leave each other alone more . 
  the uk is n't like this , there 's more of a silly notion that you 've got be able to fight and be a cruel bastards sometimes to ensure nobody takes what 's yours . 
  probably stemming from the way that people of extremely different social status and upbringing are forced to live on top of each other and mix from an early age . 
  a european machismo that was lost to some degree in the colonies ? 
  sorry to hear that man . 
  i had a bipolar girl i was dating do some crazy shit . 
  going off with low life guys twice her age in her mania . 
  getting herself used and stolen from . 
  really tore me up inside , i ca n't imagine how bad it would be with a spouse . 
  well first off i think you 're looking at this a bit too scientifically , when what you 're dealing with is culture and it 's not going to conform to simple logic . 
  for example the fact that i suggest that disarmed population is a factor in the way people interact in the uk is n't disproved by the existence of a disarmed population that does n't share the same culture . 
  a cultural feature is n't a measurable variable and the canada and the uk are n't contained environments that can be compared equally . 
  there are simply too many variables that factors that create cultural differences to think about them that way . 
  all i 'm proposing is a theory , based in facts but not derived inductively . 
  anyway i 'm going to do my best to answer your question . 
  i do n't know what you mean by race to the bottom to start , when i used the term i was referring to the pressure socially for teenagers to act like thugs even when they 're from families that typically would n't be tolerant of such behavior . 
  firstly why are there larger louts ? 
  well i think most countries do n't realise that the uk has such a large working class population , that 's all i was saying . 
  i think the driving force is cultural too , if your parents are aggressive and see the world in terms of dealing with problems primarily with violence and cruelty you will follow that ethos . 
  why is there pressure for others to conform to this ethos ? 
  i think because when you 're in the school system children as very susceptible to peer pressure , it only takes a few kids from an underclass to put pressure everyone into believing the only way to be `` a man '' is to fight and act in a macho aggressive fashion . 
  i know from my own experience growing up that even at 14 there were kids who 'd claim to be able to get someone stabbed if they `` cheeked '' them and other such nonsense . 
  why would people act in this way ? 
  i do n't know , when i see america people seem to take what other 's say very seriously , getting authorities involved very readily or not at all , i do n't see this in british culture just a reluctance to involve authorities until something serious has happened , it 's also very hard to prove what someone said unless you 've recorded them . 
  i think whether you have an armed population is a big factor , although that does n't mean all disarmed cultures will be the same , but when there 's no laws regarding self-defence and no access to weapons there 's less of an implicit threat . 
  also when people are close together there 's just generally less threat of the unknown . 
  for example in a medium sized british town an aggressive youth can pick on people in public and know without much doubt whose a suitable victim , whilst i know at least in the us there 's a general attitude that anyone could be a criminal/serial killer and dangerous whether they 're armed or not . 
  is the threat real ? 
  well i think most people in the uk have some experience with casual violence , usually at a young age when you 're exposed to people you might not as an adult . 
  this creates an attitude that you ca n't take shit off people or you 'll be taken advantage of and nobody wants that . 
  i do n't think it 's a question of diversity . 
  all i know from my experience in the us is that poor areas and ethnic areas tend to be far from wealthier suburbs because there is space for this . 
  whilst in the uk , and most european countries to be honest , there tends to be rich and poor people mixing in school areas , which is why i say there is a race to the bottom , because regular kids sometimes take up hoodlum lifestyles despite good parents simply because they think that 's what they need to do to find acceptance . 
  i personally know one guy who had wealthy solicitor parents , a big family home who ended up arrested for armed robbery . 
  finally i think macho culture is everywhere , i was just referring to the specific breed of macho culture prevalent in uk that does n't directly compare to the culture of other places . 
  what about goat vaginas ? 
  context ? 
  i would say he is n't that well received here . 
  personally i found happy gilmore , zoolander , zohan and little nicky ok in a watchable type of way . 
  but mostly crap . 
  why are n't you relentlessly seeking to increase your capital value , forgoing all enjoyment until you 're cash rich ? 
  then they 'll be time for fun ? 
  what a stupid question . 
  you got probation for a vehicle incident ? 
  this type of stuff makes me glad i live in europe . 
  multiple generations enjoying their freedom since the queen released them from military service to the crown . 
  that 's a tapped - r , posh british people did this once upon a time . 
  you 're dad was wrong . 
  that 's way to early to get married . 
  get married in your early thirties and still have kids before you 're 37 ? 
  what 's the point of being married for all that time before you make babies ? 
  `` life of saving '', 
  a few years perhaps , a time to have fun an spend with a dual income no children not squirrel cash away like some sensible sally . 
  still do n't see why anyone would plan to be married before 30 ... can still do that without marrying in your precious 20s . 
  why would you get arrested for that ? 
  basically just saying let 's make the best of today because we could be dead tomorrow ? 
  warwick and stratford-upon-avon are nice if the weather is good . 
  not if the simulations are simpler / smaller than the actual universe . 
  which is why it does n't violate the law of thermodynamics ? ... 
  well imo if you spend your life conforming to a plan about what you should do , get a wife by x , save a deposit on a house by y , have children by z , you might find yourself unhappy later on . 
  i see these douches discussing got on facebook , talking about how much like love science , referencing memes that are years old , saying how much they ca n't wait for ** insert random aaa game title ** on xbox one or ps4 , saying they love star wars or some random popular television programme . 
  ffs if this is what makes you a geek then more than half the population of developed countries are `` geeks '' . 
  it 's like these people take the standard of `` geek '' from an 80s high school drama ( e.g having any interest other than sport , girls and partying ) , and apply to the 21st century where even your nan has a smart phone . 
  `` geek '' is a shitty tainted word anyway . 
  i read one post by a guy explaining why we was a geek , apparently `` geeks '' are defined by goofyness , being socially active but mostly with other geeks , having a encyclopedic knowledge of tv , films , games , and popular culture , using macs ( wtf ?? 
  ) , having an outlandish fashion sense , being an early adopter and acting childishly . 
  whilst this was compared to `` nerds '' who know programming languages , play dungeons and dragons , use pc 's with windows or linux , do n't go outside and are loners . 
  fuck this world seriously , burn it down . 
  whatever they do in london they do far less tactfully in central birmingham, 
  but the social sciences are mostly just tentative hypotheses that get thrown in , by the ill informed , under the same banner as hard science . 
  induction is n't really suitable for everything . 
  people simply like the idea of science because it makes them hope we can do away with subjectivity . 
  we ca n't . 
  studying = procrastinating , browsing reddit or whichever site you like , watching pirated tv and masturbating , you keep doing it and then you feel too guilty to go out because you have n't studied , even though you know damn well you 're just going to spend that time you blew off doing something social procrastinating , browsing reddit or whichever site you like , watching pirated tv and masturbating . 
  ruled by england since norman times ? 
  pretty sure it 's our place name . 
  this type of talk is how civil wars start ... 
  i hope his mum responded with `` do n't be absurd little tarquin , danish does n't have liaison , stop being such a petit bourgeois parvenu , do you want to end up at a * minor * public school ? '', 
  do n't you see , the internet was invented by both england and the usa so they 'd be able to argue with each other despite the atlantic ocean , most significantly over who invented the internet ... 
  how does the uk win fascists movements ? 
  i can remember a few countries whose fascists movements accomplished a lot more !, 
  what about [ taro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3ftw_d3l10 ) , about [ greda taro ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerda_taro ) and [ robert capa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/robert_capa ) ( real name : endre friedmann ) getting blown up ... 
  do n't worry , we 'll be the guys who look like well formed human beings and they 'll just be bulky attracting muscle fetishists . 
  also come the zombie apocalypse we 're the ones staying alive . 
  everyone says whilst in english english :(, 
  why are their lives so full of exciting wild social events , friends and attractive sexual partners ? 
  my social events are all tame and infrequent , all my friends flaky and my sexual partners rarer than christmas day :(, 
  5 , but i 've recently had a mid-20s crisis and decided i need to get into double figures soon . 
  someone is probably going to try and call bullshit on this but i actually did this when i was 14 around 2001/2002 . 
  it was the halcyon days of msn messenger and everyone had hundreds of friends on their list and we all just changed our screen names to invitations saying invite anyone you want . 
  probably 500 + kids turned up from a bunch of schools and the place was completely trashed , luckily it was a house that was going to be demolished soon . 
  it was in the west midlands area of the uk and in a suburb near birmingham . 
  the police were called and the whole thing was over in a couple of hours and people were forced to disperse into smaller groups . 
  you do some dumb shit when you 're young . 
  given the time it was the police were amazed at how this happened since facebook and the concept of social media did n't even exist . 
  but that * is * how you spell `` hell '', 
  i fear not the false church of iron, 
  [ that * ] ( http://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/which-versus-that-0 ), 
  because they are die-hard fans from families of supporters who want the opportunity to meet the players . 
  it 's not just boys either , it 's often girls too these days , just more regularly it 's boys because because i guess highly dedicated football supporting is still a bit more male dominated .
