  in the uk it 's 8am til 11pm so even longer . 
  that was pretty funny to read . 
  that 's madness, 
  you sir are a fucking moron . 
  i suppose by your retarded logic all american accomplishments are in fact british since the lion 's share of american culture and a large chunk of ethnicity is british . 
  good to know the queen 's people were first on the moon . 
  i 'm sorry but if they never took citizenship it does n't count , even if they did but were born elsewhere you 're really doing nothing more than appropriating another nation 's accomplishments by encouraging someone to live in america . 
  seriously american historical revisionism , and you , are disgusting . 
  yes because your idealised idea of america means something in the real world ? 
  no it means fucking nothing . 
  it never fucking existed and you only think you have the right to it because you 're a brainwashed nationalistic twerp . 
  you 're basically saying that everyone who represents your fantasy ideal is de facto american . 
  i suppose robert the bruce , jesus , gandhi , nelson mandela , john lennon , and einstein were all red white and blue through and through as well ? 
  that 's not how it works you idiot . 
  by that logic any nationality can claim anyone who 's lived in their country or taken citizenship . 
  all honorary american means is `` not american but visited and we approve of them '' or `` took residence here at some point for practical reasons and was given citizenship '' , which is nothing more than an expression of nationalism since you seem to think you can appropriate anyone remotely good that 's spent time in your country , as if your nationality automatically take prerogative . 
  it 's a crock of shit . 
  may as well call bill clinton a brit because he influenced the culture here ( during his term as president with uk-us relations ) and spent time here at oxford university . 
  you are full of vile american historical revisionism , congratulations you 're no better than a north korean . 
  have you even read the article on the bengal famine ? 
  should n't declare war on germany ? 
  yeah because we totally should have let a dictator take over europe so he could genocide whomever he wanted and stayed in our place right , you fucking moron ? 
  oh and the uk already won the battle of britain with minimal us support and fought hitler into a stalemate . 
   britain did a shitty job of keeping europe free . 
  unless you call german domination of europe , keeping it free . 
  oh right so by entering total war with germany was n't a sign of commitment to a free europe ? 
  no clearly we should 've done more . 
   and we saved you from germany and liberate europe and won the war . 
  so quit your whining . 
  i ca n't believe you actually believe this , this is up there with holocaust denial when it comes to sheer levels of historical inaccurate bullshit . 
  america 's biggest contribution to the war was financial ( and you did very well out of it , certainly was n't charitable ) , you pretty much did nothing in europe except speed the opening of the western front , if you saved anyone it was saving western germany from communism . 
  seriously take my advice and get a vasectomy , you are exactly the type of moronic nationalist that caused ww2 in the first place , taking yourself out of the gene pool would be good for everyone . 
  you know why you 're getting downvoted to shit ? 
  because you 're talking utter fantastical nonsense . 
   considering the amount of genocide committed by the british , it 's laughable that a stupid brit would even feign to pretend to be fighting against genocide . 
  hell using your idiots logic , hitler could have argued that he was fighting against british genocide . 
  that 's why we 're renown for our genocides ? 
  oh we 're not because we were n't responsible for anything like the scale of mass murder that happened in germany , no more than the usa in fact . 
  contrary to your idiocy , famines in parts of the empire whilst the country is at war do n't count as genocide . 
  what a crock of ridiculous shit your simple brain dreams up . 
   minimal us support ? 
  might want to read up on the lend lease program or your basic ww2 history . 
  if britain `` won '' anything , why did your leaders get on their knees and beg for america to save britain ? 
  talk about revisionism . 
  on our knees ? 
  are you fucking retarded ? 
  uk was never on its knees , never begged you yankee morons for anything . 
  maybe we naively though you might have a stake in keeping europe democratic . 
   was i talking about commitment moron ? 
  or was i talking about effectiveness ? 
  britain was completely useless . 
  except for defeating hitler in the air and then the sea , oh yes completely useless . 
  then you try and dispute a point about american financial support with a article about production , you are clearly mentally challenged . 
  marshall plan - loans at interest , what an american notion of charity you have . 
   we were the western front moron . 
  we contributed most of the soldier , equipment , weapons , pretty much everything . 
  what a stupid fucking lie . 
  the millions of brits , canadians , australians sacrificing themselves clearly meant nothing , not to mention the fact without these people the us would have had no chance of competing with a europe wide militarised nazi state . 
  any real ww2 veteran would spit on you for this insulting shit . 
   we save europe from communism . 
  i doubt the british would have been able to stop the soviets from making britain a tiny insignificant province of the ussr . 
  oh sure thing , the country at kept hitler at bay would n't have been able to defend itself from the lo-tech ussr . 
  the us were the fucking indecisive nation the tagged along for the end of the war and contributed nothing more than their infrastructure to build things for most the time . 
  you saved nothing except maybe yourselves from the japanese . 
  who exactly do you think is going to rush in and take advantage of the absence of 40k soldiers exactly ? 
  i 'm sorry but where is this imaginary paranoid threat coming from ? 
  are china or russia about to invade ? 
  you are living in a fantasy world . 
  you can just go die in a fire chap . 
  i ca n't even be arsed responding to your disgusting nazi-america bullshit any more . 
  needless to say deliberate famine , and famine because resources are being used elsewhere are not the same . 
  the us is equally guilty of genocide if the uk is . 
  sure the us could have taken on a united germany covering the whole of europe had hitler achieved total control . 
  good fucking luck , you 'd have barely been able to protect your borders . 
   the us was the nation that owned the seas , skies and nukes during ww2 . 
  the us won ww2 . 
  had we joined the axis , britain would not exist ... 
  this is a huge fucking insult . 
  you mean the nukes we invented and you reneged on your obligation of share when research was moved stateside ? 
  and the seas and skys we secured before you even entered the war . 
  honest just go fucking neuter yourself you worthless delusional racist piece of shit , you and your ilk are what makes america such a unpopular nation and you have no place in the 21st century . 
   easily moron . 
  i already provided the source but you are too fucking stupid to even understand it . 
  no you 're too fucking stupid to understand the difference between the us at war and us war production . 
  if the us had remained neutral it would n't have up production . 
  it would 've had no chance at an offensive of europe . 
  it might have barely held the lands it owned defensively , but it would n't have a chance at an attack . 
   who invented ? 
  it was created in america , by americans , under the orders of an american president , for america 's defense . 
  just because britain and canada provided a few scientists and some resources does n't make it anything but american . 
  using the technology and ideas developed by europeans . 
  taking over a programme funded by the uk . 
  do you credit construction worker more than architects ? 
   f it was true , we would n't have needed to enter the war ya dumb cockroach . 
  what kind of logic is that . 
  america was n't needed either , all you did was help prevent further loss of life . 
  just because you joined in does n't mean it was your sole contribution that made the difference you fuckwit . 
   i 'm racist ? 
  i call shitting on the heroic legacy of dozens of nations pretty fucking racist you cunt . 
   and here you are using an american website ...
