  if the uk completely leaves the eu and legally citizens of eu states attain a different status from that of british citizens , then yes , then it will become fair to prioritise equally qualified uk residents over those with no right to reside in the uk . 
  until that point it 's disgraceful and discriminatory for companies to show preference for uk citizens over non-british citizens with eu citizenship . 
  the outcry is quite justified . 
  you ca n't simply give people rights , and then refuse them those rights without actually changing the rights they are legally entitled to . 
  the preference for eu citizen over non-eu citizens embedded in law is totally incomparable to what 's going on here , until such time as the laws are amended and the rights of eu citizens in the uk is changed . 
  it really depends on so much . 
  where , how , how far will you go ? 
  there 's no denying that for many a language teaching position is simply a stopgap , one that often simply exploits people 's desire to travel or live in countries where they do n't speak the language fluently . 
  the `` lifers '' i know all seem to have cut niches after many years of experience and then succeeded within that niche . 
  teaching in high class private schools , working for universities in secure senior positions , high level business training in companies teaching executives , starting their own companies and selling tuition directly to companies and students . 
  there are of course other people who are `` lifers '' but only because they are n't the primary breadwinner in their family or because they 've retired from other jobs and have enough as not to need focus solely on how much they earn . 
  of the people who are taking the grunt jobs in esl very few seem to strongly feel that 'll they 'll be doing it until they retire . 
  that 's to say , people working the regular positions in business english , the people working in general english schools that churn out 10 week courses , the teaching assistants in non-english speaking countries , and so forth . 
  also the country you live in will matter a great deal . 
  in a country like germany most teachers are on what would be considered a modest but respectable salary for germany , and with the abundance of social services , and mostly reasonable cost of living it 's viable to work as a language teacher long term . 
  however , the expectations in regard to qualifications is much higher , tertiary education and one of a small number of certified language qualifications being expected for the most . 
  also the job market is n't that in demand , as it 's not that hard to convince native english speakers to live there , in fact plenty already do . 
  compare this with saudi arabia . 
  the salaries there are very high , higher than what you 'd earn in an english speaking country . 
  you do n't get the social services but the money allows you to buy insurances and protection . 
  the market is very much in demand and jobs there are quite easy to find for experienced teachers , simply because native english speakers generally do not want to live there . 
  they still have requirements though and do n't just take any old native speaker as they have to pay them well regardless , so they may as well take someone tested . 
  the cost of living can also be quite high ( but the salary is usually enough to counter this ) . 
  then you 've got somewhere like cambodia . 
  the salaries there are minuscule , but so is the cost of living . 
  you can generally live like a rich person despite earning less than you even thought possible . 
  there is constant demand for english speakers , and many do n't want to live there long term , and they 'll take just about anyone who can speak english natively and most the jobs do n't have qualification requirements . 
  as a smaller percentage of the population have the financial security to commit to adult education , and because fewer companies care about training their staff in english , and because of a generally more laissez faire attitude towards the education of children , most jobs here are jobs working with children . 
  whether any of these seem like environments where you could make a life long career will entirely depend on you . 
  do you want to live in a foreign country you whole life ? 
  do you mind spending many years of your life in a country that might not seem as pleasant or homely as your native country ? 
  do you want to work in your home country ? 
  which country is your home country ? 
  are you happy with a modest income ? 
  divine providence, 
  it 's most likely exactly the same for the self employed in your country . 
  outside the us nobody has heard of helen keller , all i know is that she was some deaf woman . 
  lots of intelligent people take drugs . 
  in fact i think the dumb and the clever tend to more prone to it , whereas the middling folk tend to be smart enough to recognise the danger and avoid it but simultaneously not curious enough to ever experiment with it . 
  time might not actually be real though , maybe he was having some deep thoughts about the arrow of time and entropy , but was too shy to voice them !, 
  myself . 
  sounds crazy but hear me out . 
  it 's easy to conceive of the outside world , and the laws that govern its behaviour . 
  sure with extreme scale it becomes abstract , but ultimately `` stuff '' , asteroids , clouds , apples , it all behaves in a lawful fashion . 
  animals are a bit of a step up , but it would n't be far to conceive of a android that was functionally equivalent to an animal , replicating the behaviours of say a squirrel based on a highly complex set of rules . 
  however , when it comes to myself , it appears that i 'm a different kind of thing from what i experience around me . 
  although i depend on my body , i am not identical with it . 
  i persist over time . 
  i feel as if i have a will , i can choose whether to act or not to act . 
  i can react to the same stimulus many times and react differently according to how my will dictates , and this will seem auto-generative it does n't seem to depend on anything but me . 
  ultimately i am some bizarre thing that not only do i not understand , which is n't unusual as there 's lot of things in the world i do n't understand , but i am a thing that i would n't even really have the foggiest about how to understand . 
  in fact understanding such a thing seems inherently impossible from a logical standpoint . 
  the explanatory power of any conceivable explanation seems to be limited to the how i am what i am , but never the why i am what i am . 
  why is there something that it 's like to be me ? 
  naturally i assume that other things that outwardly look and behave like me , other people , are of the same stuff as i am , but what this stuff is seems to be completely different from the rest of the world . 
  rationally i know that myself and other people exist , but when i try to fit them into my understanding of the world i find it hard to believe they are real . 
  this is probably one of the greatest questions humanity has ever asked itself whose answer , if there is one , has evaded it for millennia . 
  everything from early pagan religion to modern neuroscience has sought answers to this question , and it 's probably one of the great neuroses of the human race that defines our condition . 
  sure , a quasar is cool and pretty impossible to imagine , but i bet its explanation is not remotely as interesting as the answer to this question would be . 
  actually that 's not true , just read the law you linked . 
  to break it down . 
  1 ) anyone over 18 who takes advantage of or exploits a situation to convince an under 18 to have sex is breaking the law . 
  2 ) anyone who offers financial reward of some kind to anyone under 18 in return for sex is breaking the law . 
  3 ) anyone who is over 21 and has sex with someone under 16 is breaking the law . 
  law 1 ) is basically anti-coercion . 
  it 's basically establishing that if you are found to have used coercion of any kind to convince an under 18 to have sex then you have broken a law . 
  this is especially relevant for educators , public servants , etc. 
  because if they are found to be having sex with someone under 18 if there is any trace of an allegation of coercion or abuse of power then they have broken the law . 
  law 2 ) is just anti-prostitution / underage porn . 
  transactional exchange of sex for something else is illegal with anyone under the age of 18 . 
  law 3 ) is a law for all people over 21 that means it is illegal for them to sleep with anyone under 16 . 
  however it is actually quite a soft law in many ways . 
  the rest of the provisions state that it is normally only applied when an allegation is made i.e unless someone who is aware of the sexual activities going on between the under 16 year old and the 21 year old person comes forward and requests that it be prosecuted , then typically a prosecution will not be made , the exception being when there is felt to be some special public interest in the prosecution being made . 
  the hard law for germany is actually in a different part of the gesetze - the section about child abuse . 
   ( 1 ) whosoever engages in sexual activity with a person under fourteen years of age ( child ) or allows the child to engage in sexual activity with himself shall be liable to imprisonment from six months to ten years . 
  so this means that sex with anyone under 14 is never ok , and this carries a higher punishment than breaking the law about 21 year olds not sleeping with under 16s . 
  so tl ; dr - age of consent is 14 for everyone under 21 ( hard law - child abuse ) , age of consent is 16 for people over 21 ( softer law - exploitation of a juvenile ) , under 18 year olds have special protection from being sexually exploited over 18s in any sense ( anti-exploitation of minors ) , and having sex with an under 18 for money or filming it in porn or prostitution is illegal . 
  you 'll find you 're in the minority . 
  you have a delusional view of america 's significance in the world if you think even a tiny percentage of the world 's population know who helen keller is . 
  in some countries that is legal . 
  however every country differs in the application . 
  for example , in some countries the age of consent is 12 , but if anyone is found to be having sex with anyone under 18 then they are almost certainly likely to be found guilty of rape , even if the victim says it was n't ( only the parents opinion matters ) , and even if the accused is under 18 . 
  so they 're not progressive towards sex at all . 
  age of consent means different things in different places . 
  sometimes it means that age at which sex with that person is n't considered child abuse , sometimes it means the age at which that society deems sexual activity to be appropriate . 
  linguists have a funny old attitude towards conlangers if you ask me . 
  someone who makes up a language according to their own prescriptive rules are in many ways doing the exact opposite of what some see linguistics being about , which is studying the phenomena of natural language in a real world setting , thus they see themselves having about as much in common with a conlang enthusiast as they do with a logician . 
  sure there are similarities in the skill sets and they 'll no doubt find some shared interest to talk about , but they 're very different for the most . 
  showing a conlang to a linguist can be bit like showing an astronomer that really pretty picture of a nightsky you drew , they can appreciate the drawing but it hardly compares to the real deal . 
  well it depends on a lot . 
  linguistics is the study of language , and many interpret this to mean the study of real world natural language , with all the sociological and historical context that infers , it 's not something that can neatly be separated from history , culture , society etc. 
  however , of course there are areas of linguistics that focus more on the structure , the abstract relations between signifiers , and such in an attempt to unravel the way languages represent the world , and in these areas conlangs can be used to explore concepts . 
  however , even here , conlangs are just a tool for trying to grasp things more clearly or more concisely , their purpose is just to do a job , and rarely will you need to construct a rich sophisticated language with a wide vocabulary just to illustrate a point . 
  and making rich sophisticated languages is ultimately what conlangers enjoy doing . 
  what a conlanger produces is of relatively little value to linguistics . 
  most linguists are interested in how real language actually emerges and functions , where does it come from ? 
  how is it possible ? 
  and questions like that . 
  studying something ` someone with anything from an amateur to academic understanding of linguistics produces is never going to answer those questions . 
  that would be like wanting to find out how the earliest forms of religion arose , and then asking someone from the 20th century with christian background to come up with a new religion and studying that .
