  also what mathematicians do is n't really `` testing '' , at least not in the same sense as testing in science , since it can be done from an armchair with nothing more than a piece of paper . 
   at being said yes , things do need to meet a certain criteria to be deemed academic but something simply need to be studied through the use of the scientific method , which as i said is just coming up with an idea and testing then adjusting your idea to those results and retesting until your idea is shown to be reasonably correct , can be known as a science, 
  the only criteria for being academic is the acceptance of the academic community . 
  for something to be a science however the criteria are much more discerning . 
  i wish people would stop these to attempts to make all forms of knowledge into science it leads to some rather silly ideas . 
  no , that is literally philosophy , philosophy is literally `` the love of knowledge '' in greek . 
  in a sense all academic fields are philosophies , which is why everyone gets doctorates of philosophy ( phd ) when they finish academia , as a nod towards the fundamentals of the academic way of life . 
  but there are ingrained implications to the word science that you 're not getting . 
  as early as 1400 ad science was defined as `` experiential knowledge '' , the term only applies to the elements of human knowledge whose object is the physical world . 
  if i make a study of g\u00f6del 's incompleteness theorem there is absolutely nothing about the object of my study that can be described as a experiential or pertaining to the physical/natural world , i am studying the abstract relations between concepts in and of themselves and not any property of the physical world . 
  also i do n't for a second think that psychology can never be a natural science or that fields that are n't science ca n't become them . 
  but there is a fundamental implication to the term science which necessitates that it deals with matters of synthetic truth derived by our experience and interactions with the world , and is n't the type of knowledge that can be acquired from an arm chair . 
  do n't worry i 'm pretty rested . 
  but seriously you 're not correct about mathematics . 
  maths does n't describe the world anymore than the entire english vocabulary by itself describes the world . 
  similar to regular language in this regard , maths is just a tool that lets us describe the world , just with astounding precision . 
  scientists will use maths to describe the world because they 're investigating the world . 
  mathematicians are n't looking at the world however , they are merely looking at the relationships between abstract concepts that * they * define . 
  and it is because of this self-definition that mathematicians can truly prove things without room for any possible doubt . 
  it 's like defining a set of rules for a game ( axioms ) and seeing where it 's possible to get to playing by your own rules , when they discover something about where the rules can take them , you can establish this fact without any possible doubt , anyone who does n't reach the same conclusion as a certified proof is necessarily not playing by the correct rules . 
  in science things can only ever be 99.999 ... % proven , because you need to run the experiment infinite times to establish the same certainty as mathematics . 
  i 'm sorry , i should n't expect you to understand all this so easily . 
  your example is besides the point , but i 'll do my best to explain why , but really i do n't even think undergrad students would be expected to `` get it '' straight away . 
  the thing with the apples is that you have defined the rules for the apples and their number before you 've even started . 
  imagine if we defined the word `` apple '' to mean what we 'd usually mean when we say `` pair of apples '' . 
  we could repeat the physical event that you just described and now we 'd have 2.5 apples . 
  if we wanted to get really fucked up we could try and calculate the number of apples with a non-standard branch of mathematics that was n't suitable for describing anything in the physical world and get an answer that while true would be more or less useless for us trying to know when we 'll need to go shopping for more apples . 
  a good example might be how mathematicians can create geometrical shapes that could n't possibly exist anywhere but another dimension because whilst their logics are internally consistent they contradict laws that we know apply to the geometrical space we experience . 
  the reason why this is n't evident to you is because you 're not seeing how a statement like, 
  `` if i consume one apple from six , then five will remain '' already presumes an answer by virtue of the definitions of the concepts `` one '' , `` five '' `` six '' and `` apple '' . 
  yeah , reddit often rushes to quell anti-scientific arguments but i 've found that many people do n't really know why science is such a good system of knowledge , or at least they just know it is because carl sagan told them so haha . 
  it 's not necessarily entirely bad but there is a danger when people are so eager to support `` science '' . 
  for example a psychological study that really does nothing more than precariously put forward a hypothesis might become a fact in the mind of people who do n't have a sufficiently deep grasp of science , to them science has come to simply mean fact . 
  also people become dismissive of anything that does n't claim to be science , as if science were the only valid form of knowledge about anything . 
  this type of absolutist thinking is slightly ironic from people who are so against religious or superstitious ideas ( which are equally absolutist mindsets ) . 
  [ this will help ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weksazbmdik ) ^ definitely ^ might ^ not ^ actually ^ help, 
  euphorically edgy, 
  this one always get me , i 've seen people suggesting this mysterious planet is currently in the solar system or just outside it , the lack of a basic understanding of astronomy is what gets me . 
  your critical mind gives me faith !, 
  go fuck your stupid opinion , 
  your lack of subtlety kills humour, 
  what is this ? 
  a force for ants ? 
  that 's crap . 
  this , i watched the first couple of seasons for this but it became slowly more ridiculous with obvious and deliberate craziness just to stir up some drama . 
  nobody mentions the us version of skins . 
  that way we can pretend it does n't exist ( shameless too , and also the last few seasons of shameless ), 
  stamp collecting i agree , but train spotting is understandable , people seem to forget that for a long time trains represented a pinnacle achievement of human accomplishment . 
  if you were a mechanically minded man ( sadly virtually all men in those days i 'd imagine ) in the uk in the late 19th / early 20th century it was quite likely you are more than a passing interest in train engineering , similar to petrol heads today . 
  the rail industry in general was very enticing since it employed a huge share of the population compared to now , and it was considered quite a desirable industry to make a career in . 
  being a station master or a signal operator back then was the type of job working class parents would dream their children would attain . 
  all we have now however , is the remnants of a traditional past time that was once very understandably du jour . 
  how is it tedious ? 
  the only tedious shit was back in the day when you had to grind 200 boars , and the only reason you did it was to get to the fun parts of the game , which were extremely fun to be honest . 
  naaah my dear fellow , i am nahly accustomed to such poise and grace of expression in this , this virtual place of commentary that is named by some : le reddit . 
  being drunk felt different the first few times i did it , and i think this may well go for some other substances as well . 
  i figure that subconsciously your body starts to learn by association with any type of consciousness altering substance you take into your body . 
  this is the same effect as when you have a certain type of food and get sick from it directly or soon afterwards , it can put you off the particular type of food even if the cause of the illness was improper preparation or sheer bad luck for example . 
  so the first few times you drink you become drunk with a complete unawareness that you are , in fact , drunk . 
  i can still remember the first time , i 'd taken a bottle of coconut rum from a party where all the kids had been allowed to play together in a separate part of the house while our parents were celebrating new years in the garden . 
  i ended up acting up a lot and eventually falling over , but the whole time i was adamant that the alcohol was not a factor in my sudden feelings of social openness , confidence and willingness to act the fool . 
  i could n't have been older than 13 at the time . 
  then later when i started drinking again around age 16 ( pretty normal in europe ) , all the occasions on which i had drunk that year ( probably once or twice a month ) i had a similar effect of not really knowing how drunk i was until i was ill . imo my body was n't giving me any feedback on the intoxication since it was n't immediately interpreting it as such . 
  much rather it just felt as normal but somehow `` better '' ( more confident in my abilities , personality etc. 
  ) , even the experience of being drunk reflected that in somehow feeling more like normality with the volume turned up . 
  for the reduction in inhibition i experienced at that age was far stronger than i 've experienced for most of my life since , i would probably need to drink to the point of blackout to become so dangerously uninhibited again . 
  i also never had a single hangover at that age and thought they were just something middle aged people made up for dramatic effect . 
  this period did n't last long though , after enough stupid decisions my body quickly learnt to take a more careful attitude towards boozing and i pretty much stick to beer and wine these days too , since these are far less likely to take you by surprise and still perfectly capable of rendering you drunk . 
  crap ( that ), 
  there you go , a logical thought . 
  i would say the simplest answer is that southern working class accents more closely resemble rp in comparison to working class accents spoken in other parts of the country . 
  especially so when you take into account the perspective of working class people further from the south-east . 
  what you have to understand is that london is without question the most affluent part of the uk , and it 's there that you 're likely to come into contact with the greatest number of rp speakers . 
  that said , rp is not merely spoken in the south , a large share of public/independent school educated kids will pick up a rp accent even if their parents do n't speak that way ( or at least their own modern and regional variation of rp if you get into the fine details ) . 
  whilst the rp spoken in lancashire is different from that spoken in london , they still resemble each other far more than either resemble the working class accents of each region . 
  there is a great ( but quite snobbish ) quote from the old days along the lines of `` it is the duty of the affluent classes to speak in such a manner as that nobody can tell whereabouts in the country their schooling has taken place '', 
  so as rp is spoken everywhere in the uk by at least some of the demographic that would be labeled as upper class or upper middle class , it is therefore universally associated with being `` posh '' all over the country . 
  however , rp as an accent was based on the accents of affluent people living in the the gentrified areas of the home counties and the midlands . 
  before the advent of radio it 's most likely that even the aristocrats of the north had spoken in refined but nonetheless regional dialects that sadly no longer exist . 
  so with rp being based off the generically southern sounds of affluent people , southern working class accents still resemble rp more greatly than working class accents in those places further from areas of historical affluence , such as the south west or far north . 
  these westerly/northerly accents are more shifted from the original source of rp and thus even further away linguistically . 
  so , due to the universal nature of rp , when someone from these areas further from the south-east listens to another 's voice to determine whether they are posh , they 'll be looking for the same speech markers as someone from the south would be in the same situation , however when they listen to hear the accents they associate with the working class they are listening for the types of speech marker that someone who 's mostly lived in the south simply would n't ever say . 
  cockneys for example are very fond of the long - a , as in dance or ca n't , and modern rp uses this too , but it would never be spoken by someone who was n't `` posh '' in yorkshire , simply because it would be such an anomaly , and really anyone who uses the long - a in the north generally would be marked as `` posh '' , or worse `` pretentious '' , unless they were obviously from the south anyway in which case they 'd be marked as a non-local . 
  so in conclusion this is why many people outside the south-east thinks southerners sound posh ( or at least posher ) , because neutral and even working class southern accents contain none of the speech markers that people who live elsewhere are looking for when trying to identify a working class accent , while simultaneously containing more of the markers that people from elsewhere ( and everywhere in the uk ) would associate with `` posh '' accents . 
  also you have to remember that most people do n't have a interest in any of this , so they 're not thinking hard about this technical linguistic stuff at all , but just saying what their subconscious is telling them about how a person sounds . 
  right back at you . 
  well actually it was more like northamptonshire , oxfordshire , warwickshire , the general heart of england region . 
  only one of which that could be called within the west midlands . 
  what we would today call a west midlands accent was heavily influenced irish , welsh , northern accents and some even theorise italian . 
  because i believe that people are ultimately capable of defining themselves through their own free will . 
  i do n't believe people are `` genetically '' born a certain sexuality , nor do i believe that someone 's thoughts , feelings and inclinations do n't factor into what sexuality they ultimately identify as . 
  that said i 'm not anti-homosexuality at all , i think everyone should have equal rights . 
  i just think that basing homosexual rights on a sort of `` they ca n't help it '' argument , on whether or not homosexuality is determined by something within or outside of a person 's control , is in itself prejudice , because it tacitly implies that were homosexuality a choice it would be acceptable to socially punish the people who wanted to live that way . 
  what people really should say is that anyone who wants to live any type of lifestyle who is n't harming other people deserves equal rights and not to be socially punished ( ridiculed , discriminated against ) for not conforming to norms generally . 
  making categorical distinctions between `` who we are '' ( determined by our own efforts ) and `` what we are '' ( determined by things outside of our control ) really just leads a sort of depressing fatalism about our ability to determine our identities , and a somewhat schizophrenic fear that you might want one thing while thinking you want something else . 
  i have similar thoughts about transgender issues , people who are transgender want to live their life as something other than the gender they were assigned at birth . 
  instead of throwing out neurological studies to defend their way of life like we were trying to excuse their being that way , we should respect their way of life and protect it from those who are intolerant of difference . 
  in fact neurological explanations in general are useless when it comes to explaining away human behavior , since in a sense who a person is , * is * their overall neurological state , the only time we are really justified in invoking this split is in the case of mental illness . 
  tl ; dr i think the notion of `` born this way '' is bullshit , what people really should be saying is `` what the fuck is it to you why i do what i do anyway ? '', 
  well that is a difficult question .
