  actually on the whole yes . 
  if we took all the programmes from each country the % of top quality ones would be greater from the uk than from the us . 
  sure the us has some fantastic programmes , like the us house of cards , the wire , and game of thrones ( although many of the people filming and making that are european labourers , which ties into my other point ) , but it churns out a lot of shit too . 
  furthermore i 'd say that these days there is absolutely no difference in production value between a stop notch us show or a uk / european one . 
  which was n't the case maybe 15 years ago when european cinema and television simply did n't have the skills or money to make as beautifully crafted cinematic programmes and had to rely on content and acting to compete . 
  a big factor behind this has been the way hollywood now films so much in europe to save money , it 's actually cheaper to find locations that resemble america in europe , fly the actors and important production guys out there , have them live there for the duration of the filming , than it is to pay the government extortionists who take advantage in the states . 
  this has a lot to do with the four layers of government they have over there meaning they 'd be paying every step of the way . 
  this move meant that the european film industry had to up its game since lots of stuff would be outsourced to european studios , brought in the cash , skills and trade secrets that once you 'd have to travel to california to learn . 
  another big factor is the way in the last 20 years the american audience has become more willing to accept british television programmes , whilst older generation would be more inclined to switch the channel the moment they hear the cast all speaking british accents . 
  sounds like you have some kind of self-loathing issue there chap . 
  british programmes are more successful than they 've ever been and many of the biggest programmes of the last 10 years have been british , could 've you said that in the 80s or 90s ? 
  maybe the fact you think british people `` suck '' at most things indicates you 're biased on the matter . 
  perhaps you should stop noshing off uncle sam for a moment and reassess your outlook . 
  actually everyone has a freeview box these days , it 's actually impossible to only have access to the 5 original channels because the analogue signal has been turned off for like 10 years or something . 
  every functional television has access to the digital signal which means they have all the freeview channels like the soon to disappear bbc3 and such . 
  channel 5 is just awful , i do n't think i 've looked at it for about 8 years , it 's about as interesting as uk-lifestyle or something . 
  i definitely think bbc3 ( if only for family guy and comedy reruns ) and e4 are way above it . 
  i would imagine because `` television seasons '' are n't a thing in the uk . 
  there wo n't be a new `` season '' when all the television programmes change , they 're constantly changing depending on the length of the `` series '' . 
  the networks in the uk are n't pressuring studios to fill a `` season '' , programmes just last as long as they last , could be 3 / 6 / 8 / 10 / 12 , these seems to be the most common anyway . 
  i know that the industry has a concept of seasons behind the scenes relating to when it 's best to show quality programmes . 
  you wo n't see many new good programmes coming out in mid july for example , because everyone is outside or on holiday around that time . 
  there 's definitely a summer lull in programming , with good new things starting in september and then again a bit after christmas . 
  but it 's not a thing in the minds of the british public . 
  i 'm not saying those are n't great programmes , i just finished peaky blinders and loved every minute . 
  but i 'd just say those were excellent whilst sherlock was god-tier . 
  the only programme i like more is game of thrones . 
  i would n't even put breaking bad on their level , of course that 's just my personal opinion . 
  and a uk series is a set of episodes , all the series together are called the programme/show , it 's really not that complicated . 
  i 'd question more why americans need an additional word for all sets of episodes together rather than just calling it the `` show '' , seem superfluous to me . 
  making a brit teach american words ? 
  i 'd contact the international court of human rights posthaste . 
  in europe we 're only required teach american words as an extra , which i do because i 'm nice , although the difference between `` i 've got '' and `` i 've gotten '' seems to get blank stares most of the time . 
  it 's a word that comes form the archaic word `` lurry '' meaning `` to pull '' , which comes from the welsh `` llwry '' meaning the same . 
  truck did n't become lorry . 
  lurry was actually around a bit before truck since it 's got an older recorded use . 
  lurry was probably used by some american settlers as a verb , but fell out of use just as it fell out of use as a verb in the uk . 
  the only difference is that the etymology was preserved in the lorry form in the uk well after most the americans had left around the beginning of the 20th . 
  truck is still in use in the uk , it 's what you 'd call a pick-up truck , hgv 's however are distinguished as lorries . 
  hurr durr , and empires , spreading our ungrateful progeny around the world , inventing half the shit that defined the modern world and beating the french in wars . 
  now we excel at television programmes americans think are cool , exporting celebrity chefs , producing half the most popular actors in the world , popular music and having cool accents . 
  i ask you ? 
  what country except perhaps the us can even approach our accomplishments and cultural influence ? 
  you 're just butthurt because as much as you must love the usa , it 's just yet another thing that you 've got britain to thank for . 
  maybe you 've been living under a rock the past 20 years then . 
  it 's not like millions of fans around the world of stuff like sherlock , top gear , doctor who , the office , peep show , downton abbey , extras , qi , peaky blinders and so . 
  hell i find it hilarious that just about any american i meet will often get references to stuff like the it crowd , the mighty boosh , blackadder and monty python . 
  even obscurer stuff like utopia and freshmeat . 
  not like there are legions of american teenagers on tumblr fetishising british culture to the point where the word teeaboo is now a thing . 
  fuck it 's been cancelled , that 's some fucking bullshit !, 
  they cancelled utopia to make space for utter utter shit like tofu , banana and cucumber . 
  who the fuck thought of this shit . 
  utterly utterly bollocks shit fuck cunt wanker . 
  you realise that this is england 88 is essentially a continuation of the same programme but set 2 years later right ? 
  white bear , entire history of you , and white christmas all beat million merits if you ask me . 
  the other three episodes are n't up to scratch if you ask me , especially brb and the waldo moment . 
  yeah , that 's what i meant though . 
  yes there are behind the scenes seasons based on metrics of when it 's best to run a programme , but they are n't in the public awareness particularly so there is no demands on studios making the programmes to `` fill a season '' . 
  they might launch a lot of new programmes in the autumn and spring but they 'll be staggered to maximise impact and promotion often according to length . 
  as a briton watching american television = how can i start watching now when there is 60 episodes to catch up on , i liked this programme when it started but now it 's got crap , why is this episode so vastly different from the previous three episodes ; it 's almost as if it 's written by someone completely different , and `` i want some fucking closure already . '', 
  i hate to say but even by the end of breaking bad i was wishing they 'd hurry things up a little . 
  what strikes me as odd is how certain things that were only moderately successful in the uk like misfits seems to gain traction in the us , whilst other programmes that are considered great in the uk like peep show only scratch the surface or are virtually unheard of like `` i 'm alan partridge '' . 
  i really recommend : [ black mirror ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdfctmdqqic ) , [ utopia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihptuog6dwc ) , [ a mini-series called glue which is practically unknown but i really rated ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=grfwksqvxug ) , [ i quite enjoyed this with maisy williams ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=py4c67ouo1o ) , [ ofc course the thick of it is a great political comic drama if you like that kind of thing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htpicwqwzyq ) . 
  such butthurt , it 's just a bit of unsubstantiated theorising , make of it what you will . 
  lol that 's just awful, 
  wow get you . 
  the irony being that i did n't mean any of that a particular insult towards americans but given that it 's gone from +5 to -3 i guess it 's being interpreted as such . 
  americans are uncontroversially loud , the fact that you can hear your accents from 100 metres in any european city is testament enough of that . 
  asides from that there 's a virtue to being brash , and , depending on your politics , being unabashedly willing to express an interest in money could be seen as one too . 
  being disinterested in class yet also willing to acknowledge some element of meritocratic social hierarchy is n't necessarily a bad thing either . 
  why do n't you take your `` semi-often '' bullshit experience and shove it up your fucking arse ? 
  what 's more realistic is that you have some strange inferiority complex that makes you perceive insult where none is meant . 
  i 'm quite well acquainted with your country and countrymen and it 's perfectly possible to acknowledge cultural difference in a value neutral manner despite your not seeming to be able to . 
  could it be that americans are louder , brasher , less defined by class and more at ease with a culture of capitalism than britons , and that saying so would merely be an observation of cultural difference rather a slight upon your delicate ego ? 
  obviously , in your opinion , not . 
  well here 's some fucking news for you my friend , americans are irrefutably louder , brasher and more capitalist than britons , but as far as i 'm concerned that 's just a different way of doing things and not an insult . 
  just as britons are irrefutably quieter , more conservative , and less as ease with capitalist ethics than americans , which again is just a difference not an insult ... fucking arsewipe ... 
  sadly yes it 's a thing ... 
  you 're obviously allergic to generalisations , but frankly that 's bollocks generalisations can be true of the average . 
  the assumptions that generalisation equate to the statement every member of this group is like this is just weak minded nonsense . 
  if i say that germans are more left wing and anti-capitalism than americans it 's absolutely fucking true , sure there are american communists and german free market economists , but the exception is not the rule . 
  i get this all the time from americans as if america were too great to generalised in any sense , yet i see americans generalising other countries all the time , it 's bollocks . 
  this is just funny . 
  edm is n't even a word outside of america . 
  i 'm pretty it 's just `` dance music '' everywhere else , and what 's more the rest of the world is much more used to it since the it 's something that 's been more consistently popular from the late 80s onward , whereas the us it basically disappeared in the late 90s only to resurface in the late 00s in dupstep form . 
  us dance music producers definitely have a habit of taking dance genres , making them more extreme and gimmicky to sell records , killing them off in their cheesy incarnation . 
  then some americans have the gall to blame europe for this and then call us out of fashion when we persevere with genres . 
  when i see american edm and dubstep these days i 'm definitely getting the same vibe of the last throes of big beat around the time of the millennium ... 
   now i know you 're just joking . 
  you do realize that turks are mostly white right ? 
  i mean hell , just do a google search for `` are turks white '' if you do n't believe me . 
  what a gem !, 
  the amount of racial tension is directly related to the darkness of the immigrants skin according to this patriot apparently . 
  do n't talk shit . 
  there 's only one kind of place where you pay for a toilet in the uk and that ' a busy city train station , and that 's just to stop the tramps doing heroin in the there . 
  even in london marylebone it 's only 20p too . 
  this is n't mainland europe where you 'll pay in mcdonalds ... we have a totally different shitting culture . 
  what i find an interesting comparison is that many americans rush to defend their crappy toilet doors with excuses such as :, 
  - it 's too expensive to fit fitted doors, 
  - if it were n't for the gap people would do drugs / have sex in there,
