  we rarely need to talk about ny in cologne , it simply does n't come up much being 3000 miles away . 
  i have family in chelsea , london though , the one from which the ny area gets its name , so naturally had to click to link immediately just to check , which was mildly annoying . 
  are you familiar with every major city in the world ? 
  i had no idea what fdny meant . 
  yes , it only took a few seconds to find out where it was , but that 's of clickbaity since it forces people to click through on the link to find out . 
  the majority of people reading this thread are not local to ny . 
  writing a title for the audience it will be read by is not a bad thing . 
  actually london clearly more dollars because it 's got something like 95 % of the world 's professional currency traders . 
  most dollars change hands in forex in a week than do on the ny stock exchange in a month , but that 's because of the nature of the trading ( big companies are constantly trading currencies , doing so is unavoidable for any large chunk of money ) . 
  the stock exchange is less mandatory than currency exchange . 
  when it comes to banking ny hold more cash than london , because it 's got the whole of the us from california to maine banking there . 
  also , you fail to understand that those satellite companies will take financial services jobs away from the uk . 
  the london banks wo n't the ones hurting , it will be their employees . 
  in my city ? 
  seriously though , using acronyms for various city emergency services departments seems to be a uniquely american phenomenon . 
  even distinguishing between different local authorities is unusual in some countries , it 's just `` the police '' and `` the fire department '' . 
  all i saw was an unfamiliar acronym + the title . 
   with little exposure to each other for 200 years, 
  yeah , this just is n't true . 
  for countries 3000 miles apart during that era they were very exposed to one another . 
  are you familiar with every district in each of these major cities , i suppose you know every japanese prefect in tokyo , as well as every district of london , and every part of paris to boot . 
  there was constant flow of travellers , immigrants , and written material between the two countries . 
  there was exchange of arts and culture , constant trade . 
  everyday ships from the uk arrived in american ports and ships from the us arrived in british ports . 
  i 'm not saying they were anything like as connected as the age of technology made possible , but when you consider the distance and the time period they were incredibly connected . 
  saying they had little exposure for 200 years just does n't account for the usual connectivity of the two countries relative to everyone else during the era . 
  cool story . 
  i suppose you know where battersea is relative to wandsworth and koto is relative to fussa ? 
  `` choosing '' might be the wrong way to put it . 
  attending a public university in germany is more difficult . 
  you have to go to the right kind of school and then study the right subjects . 
  the government deliberately makes it that way to reduce educational inflation and push people into the more practical manufacturing sector . 
  it 's a totally different educational philosophy from many countries , where they try to produce as many graduates as possible to work in service sectors and innovate new markets . 
  the thing is that manufacturing and engineering are better serviced by people with large amounts of practical experience , whereas soft sectors that more based in pen pushing prefer a more academic approach . 
   for example , in england , where universities can not lose student or they will lose money , 40 % is a passing mark , as opposed to 60 % in italy . 
  i hope you realise has absolutely nothing to do with how hard the exams are , it 's a completely arbitrary scale that does n't correlate with the quality of the material . 
  an average paper in the uk will get 55 % whereas that average paper in italy would get something like 70 % . 
  an outstanding paper in the uk would get 75 % whereas that same paper would get 90 % in italy . 
  i went to a top 10 british university an the highest grade i saw anyone ever get was high 70s , and that was still very rare . 
  most uk degrees are more valuable than italian degrees , so the statement '' compare that to england , for example , where you have loads of people attaining three-year degrees that will not make them internationally competitive , due to the fact that they are too easy . '', 
  is complete bullshit . 
  you clearly have no fucking clue what you 're talking about . 
  you could say that perhaps the uk allows for some shitter universities to exist , whereas italian laws wo n't accept that , but the uk still turns out more desirable graduates on average , even if it has a few crappy universities as well , so what you 're saying it clearly nonsense . 
   when everyone has access to the basic facts , test performance is based more on understanding , problem solving , and other more challenging aspects of education . 
  no offence but that sounds exactly like most exams i 've ever taken . 
  never once have i had a test that relied on memorisation beyond school level education . 
  the only people i know who take tests like this are doctors , and that 's because doctors often need to be able to recall this shit from memory to do their jobs . 
  the british university system is not remotely based in memorisation , despite not having open book exams . 
  it 's not remotely evidence that standards are low . 
  it 's evidence of the deregulation of the education industry in the uk . 
  in a free market system like this you should judge a graduate by their university and not by their grade . 
  the uk still turns out many more better qualified graduates than italy , it just allows bad universities to exist too . 
  universities mark their classes against their peers , not against such a strictly regulated national standard . 
  universities mark on a bell curve amongst their own students for the most part , so a 2:1 from oxford is really not remotely the same as a 2:1 from some private start up university or a run down polytechnic . 
  the education industry in the uk has been deregulated to the point that there exists pretend further education institutions that were being abused by immigrants to get visas , yet the uk still turns out world class students amongst its reputable institutions . 
   i 've taken university classes in the uk before , and it 's definitely much easier in the uk compared to the us . 
  uk universities seem to be mostly places for kids to get drunk every night , rather than a place people are attempting to learn . 
  wow , do n't respond to stupid generalisations with stupid generalisations . 
  you 're comparing apples to oranges here . 
  if you think uk degree course are universally easier than the us you 're just as much an idiot incapable of thinking in anything but black and white . 
  anecdotally almost everyone in the uk i 've known to do a year in the us exchange with another university has come back saying they found it easier in the us , but if you think about it there 's solid explanations for that . 
  firstly , the uk and us education systems are completely different even prior to the tertiary level . 
  the us system system almost universally focuses on breath of knowledge over depth of knowledge when compared to the uk system , and there 's absolutely nothing wrong with a different focus , each have relative merits and disadvantages . 
  a british student studying mathematics will have probably studied nothing but mathematics , physics , and one other numerical or language based subject between the ages of 16-18 . 
  so typically when they arrive at the university they know more about their specific subject than the average high school graduate . 
  that does n't mean they 're any smarter of course , it just means that there 's a bit more material that needs to be covered before us students can advance to certain problems . 
  a uk student will pick their subject at 18 and fully commit to it , they ca n't change that without starting from the beginning , the only exception being similar courses that have similar requirements . 
  for example , transferring from political science to politics might be ok , transferring from french to maths is not . 
  consequently from arriving at a university uk students are expected to acquire specialist knowledge of their subject . 
  the us also achieves a bachelor 's level of education in 4 years , whereas the uk does the same in 3 , and regardless of what some might want to believe they are roughly equivalent ( although the comparison is hard to quantify as both have highly deregulated education systems that tolerate sub-par universities ) . 
  this again has a lot to do with breath vs depth . 
  the average uk mathematics ba will come out of his degree knowing an equivalent amount of mathematics as a us mathematics major , but the us student will have had opportunity to study a wider range of topics other than mathematics than the uk student . 
  this ties into the different financial relationship of the students with their institutions . 
  while uk universities have adopted a fee system they are still partially government subsidised , and historically they were public institutions . 
  the us university culture is ultimately much more consumer focused , although the systems seem to be steadily growing more similar . 
  finally , and most importantly , most exchange students do their year abroad in their 2nd year of university ( often adding a year to their degree 's duration ) , meaning that exchange students rarely see the advanced classes . 
  in fact it 's quite common for exchange students to have a unique syllabus that involves more introductory courses than an equivalent 2nd year , since each institution ca n't be certain which material an exchange student will be familiar with , so starts them at a lower level . 
  so when i 've met friend who 've come back from studying in the us , and they 've laughed at the multiple choice questions or being allows to study french for credits when their degree is in mathematics i am perfectly aware of the non-equivalency of the educational system . 
  perhaps you should be too ? 
  not really true . 
  what is true is that in germany you can get a well paid job that garners professional respect , offers security , and requires you to use your brain without having to tick the box of going to a university before having access to the career path , as is the case in many other nations . 
  what is n't true is that germany only focuses on practical skills , and for those professions that do require university then you wo n't be short of ludicrously impractical requirements . 
  want to be a pe teacher ? 
  better study maths and a foreign language ( in fact every university course requires this , even if you want to study art ) . 
  want to be a doctor ? 
  better have a few years of latin . 
  want to study law ? 
  i hope you 've studied a science . 
  this kind of box ticking is rife in germany , and in reality is n't what i 'd call practical . 
  rofl do you really believe there have been so many immigrants/refugees arriving in germany as to skew the statistics ? 
  stop watching so much fox news . 
  germany has 80 million people . 
  a few hundred thousand refugees wo n't change that . 
  it 's due to the idiosyncrasies of the german education system . 
  lol are slavs not white now ? 
  what race are italians if not white ? 
  did you just arrive from 19th century america or something ? 
  next you 'll be telling that the irish are n't white either . 
  you are very racist . 
  to be fair if i went around some more unpleasant parts of scotland wearing an england football shirt i 'd probably get abuse at some point .
