  naturally everyone struggles with the spelling/phonetics though . 
  you say that but the - en ending is something our ancestors dropped for being unnecessary . 
  in regards advice and advise , what about practice and practise , licence and license . 
  it burns my eyes to looks at a us `` driver 's license '' rather than a proper `` driving licence '', 
  i 'm afraid you 're confused . 
  within england rhotic accents are mostly a southern english thing , namely the south-west . 
  almost all rhotic northern accents have died out , and do n't pick up again until you 're at the scottish border . 
  you 're mistaking the difference between how non-rhotic southerners and non-rhotic northerners pronounce the words past and last and so on with rhoticism . 
  what you need to look at is how people pronounce words like farther and car and so forth . 
  northerners ( non-rhotic ) use the short slightly closed frontal - a sound ( a ) for words like `` past '' and the open back - a ( with no - r ) sound ( ah ) for words like `` farther '' . 
  non-rhotic southerners will use the open back sound ( ah ) for both past and farther , unless it 's an exception like `` incantation '' or `` nacho '' in which case they use the short slightly closed forward ( a ) as a northerner would, 
  rhotic southerners use an elongated slightly closed frontal - a ( aa ) for words like past , then use the slightly closed frontal - a with an - rrrrr ( a ) + ( rrr ) sound at the end for words like farther . 
  as non-rhotic southerners do , if it 's an exception like `` incantation '' or `` nacho '' then they use the short slightly closed frontal - a ( a ) . 
  only these guys are rhotic . 
  well the classic example is `` gotten '' , which became archaic in british english but was still in use around the time the americas were discovered and stayed in use there . 
  i ca n't actually recall any to mind but i 'm pretty sure all the germanic english words in use around the middle english time would 've ended in - en at some point in time , but lost it as language evolved . 
  it 's still retained in some words like written , soften , embolden etc. 
  i 'm actually quite jealous of this . 
  the abc method is confusing since in your standard scale you 're starting in c. 
  i do n't know why you 're not sure frankly ? 
  we drop the preposition on loads of things particularly institutions . 
  in school and at school rather than in the school , at the school . 
  i like to thing the difference arises with hospital because britons see hospitals as more one big homogeneous social institution , whilst yanks see hospitals as distinct institutions . 
  [ i 've explained this here already ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2kkdcy/nonnative_speakers_of_english_what_is_something/clmbj2g ) , it 's difference in the way natives brains process language combined with being too lazy to check . 
  and this is why native english speaking countries have far more problems with dyslexia than countries that speak other languages . 
  i did n't achieve adequate spelling until i was a teenager . 
  there are rules but they are stupid things like knowing that sometimes the - o as in doe is written - au as is chauffeur if the word is of french origin . 
  that one is debatable because the - s on amadeus is n't a plural . 
  were it a plural the amadeus ' music would undoubtedly be correct . 
  personally i 'd definitely go with amadeus 's . 
  this because when the - s belongs to the word and is n't plural , native speakers will say something like amadeuses music , which is better represented as amadeus 's rather than amadeus ' . 
  this does n't happen when the - s is plural e.g. 
  the dogs music and the dog 's music are identical phonetically . 
  imo that 's dumb because it does n't reflect spoken language . 
  unless you 'd say the boss ' desk rather than the boss 's desk ( pronounced the same as the bosses desk ), 
  which gets extra confusing when you introduce the band . 
  now try saying sixth without it sounding the same as sikth , i hold it 's impossible . 
  i 'm sorry but it 's not that hard . 
  declensions and phrasal verbs are way harder . 
  as a native speaker most of those seem like bullshit . 
  nobody says `` his did '' or `` he 's apple '' . 
  imperfect/perfect , it depends which dialect of english you use ( ame , bre ) to determine how strict the rules are for when each of these are used . 
  it 's its etc does n't effect spoken language only the written word . 
  creating new words is called slang and ia done everywhere . 
  i think other countries have just as much trouble but they call their non-standard mistakes dialects , whilst we , rightly or wrongly , call it stupid . 
  my best advice would be to go british . 
  the - r is never pronounced after a vowel , only at the start of a word and before a new vowel sound . 
  so music easier for foreigners since most languages do n't have the - r sound in question . 
  for example - murderer : american = murr-derr-rurr , british = muh-duh-ruh , the only - r in the british version is before the final syllable . 
  mirror : america = mirr-rurr , british = mi-ruh, 
  world : america = werrrld , british = wuhld, 
  nope , no one would say in the zoo unless they were being incredibly specific about their location for some reason , and `` inside the zoo '' would be better . 
  `` in the zoo '' sounds like you 're an animal who lives in the zoo . 
  `` at the zoo '' always . 
  `` in the zoo '' would mean you were an animal at the zoo i 'm afraid . 
  a good rule to follow would be do n't use `` in '' unless you can replace it with `` inside '' and it still sounds correct . 
  do n't be so literal !, 
  that 's something english is not . 
  `` all but friends '' would mean that you generally were able to interact with each other in a number of ways but could n't be friends . 
  think about it contextually to honest . 
  if i said `` me and my sister were all but friends '' , it would mean she was my sister , we could interact on a variety of levels , but we could never be actual friend . 
  naturally it does n't mean i 'm fucking my sister . 
  not many people know how to say chaise , skein , gunwale , topsails , or the difference between singer and linger to be honest . 
  the original longer version is far harder including london place names and archaic words . 
  think of knave and kn\u00e4bchen then, 
  because the names were written hundreds if not , thousands of years ago of course , naturally they are n't phonetically recognisable any more . 
  stop being an elitist arsehole . 
  native speakers understand their language perfectly , probably better than you in most cases . 
  it 's just many are thinking in sounds and not in abstract concepts . 
  this is english we 're talking about . 
  nobody is going to complain if you say `` if i was you '' instead of `` if i were you '' , or `` i suggest that he goes to bed '' instead of `` i suggest that he go to bed '' . 
  in many dialects the subjunctive is obsolete . 
  even in language with more complicated tenses , tense are more or less pure logic . 
  you can sit down with a good bilingual teacher and have them understood with few hours hard labour . 
  there are thousands of phrasal verbs will take you months to learn half of them . 
  some people do differentiate between whine and wine , it 's just fallen out of usage in most the prevalent dialects . 
  in parts of america and scotland they are not homophones . 
  that 's the thing about english , because it 's historically been such a widely spread language the priority has been towards keeping the written form of the language mutually comprehensible all over the world . 
  people will always change the pronunciation of things , you ca n't even keep pronunciation the same over 100 miles , what chance do you have when you have colonies on the other side of the world ? 
  do you say every word the same way your grandparents do ? 
  the way language sounds changes all the time . 
  i could try and edit english to reflect my own accent ( standard british ) , but that will differ massively from the way someone in ohio will pronounce it . 
  so if ohio people change the spelling of their language to reflect the way they speak as well you eventually end up not being able to read each other 's writing . 
  how do you think dutch separated from other low germanic languages . 
  if you speak german and try to read dutch then you 're going to have a bad time . 
  smaller countries with only a few different dialects and no overseas speakers can easily have an overhaul of their spelling to match the pronunciation of the standard mutually intelligible forms every 50 years or so and keep language simple . 
  german has done this a number of times . 
  english simply ca n't do this and it 's probably a factor in way it 's such a successful language , the absolutely rigid spelling does act as a common anchor , stopping dialect drifting so far apart that americans can no longer understand the british and so forth . 
  naturally it sucks when you learn it , but bear in mind that even native speakers had to suffer learning how to spell as children , so we just go the pain out of the way early . 
  leik thu bastuud ov dutch \u00e4nd jurmun . 
  its not verie prittie iz it now ? 
  d\u00fc y\u00fc thhink this iz bettu ? 
  ha ha k\u00e4n y\u00fc ievun ried this ? 
  ei believ yaw mom iz \u00e4 h\u00f6 lol lol, 
  do n't listen some of these guys , there is a simple rule for this . 
  a ) the houses , which had offended the king , were torn down by the townsfolk . 
  b ) the house that had offended the king were torn down by the townsfolk, 
  ok , so in a ) we have a set of houses . 
  the king just happened to be offended by these houses . 
  these houses were torn down by the townsfolk .
