  i have no doubt this women suffers from some form of mental illness , but to excuse her from prison would be a perversion of justice and sending her to an institution has obviously been deemed unnecessary by mental health professionals so would consequently be a waste of tax payers ' money . 
  in prison she will receive treatment for her mental illness and there will be more pressure for her actually to follow that treatment . 
  i have no idea why you conclude that sending her to prison would be any more harmful to her mental health than the feasible alternatives but it seems somewhat flippant of you to suggest that . 
  that 's utter bollocks . 
  she 's a criminal therefore she goes to prison , she will have been assessed by a mental health professional and they have obviously deemed her unworthy of institutionalisation . 
  in prison she will receive the same treatment for mental issues as she would if she were on the outside . 
  you can argue that the prison sentence was too harsh for the crime she committed if you want , but the fact that she 's mentally ill has absolutely no bearing on whether she 's guilty of a crime . 
  you seem na\u00efve ... 
  whether or not people get a custodial sentence or a fine is determined by the severity of the crime . 
  you can argue that this crime if insufficiently severe to warrant the sentence , fine , but excluding times when prison is deemed unsuitable by a medical professional then you can not alter sentences on the grounds of someone 's personal situation . 
  that is completely unjust . 
  you also seem woefully ignorant of how the prison system works in conjunction with healthcare in the uk . 
  obviously * the prison * does not provide the treatment directly , but prisoners have exactly the same access to the nhs as any other uk resident . 
  there will be a gp , a psychiatrist and a dentist making rounds in the prison virtually everyday . 
  if the prison lacks the equipment for some healthcare then prisoners will be taken to hospital under escort . 
  do you really believe that in the uk people are denied their basic right to medical care purely because they 're in prison ? 
  americans have weird ideas about weed smoking . 
  no tobacco ( because weed cool , tobacco uncool right ? 
  ) , even just to help the damn thing burn . 
  then no roach or filter , so you waste good drugs at the end of the joint . 
  although it 's really a joint , it 's a crappy blunt . 
  the only things americans seems to know are blunts , bongs and pipes . 
  i think it 's because historically the us had more outdoor grown weed so they had to smoke more for the same effect . 
  lived in europe my whole life and everyone uses the thumb/index style , the reason being because the damn joint is thinner at end , it 's that simple . 
  wow so many bollocks explanations here it 's ridiculous . 
  the real reason ? 
  people use the thumb index finger because it 's more comfortable with something that 's thinner and more top heavy , people use a middle finger index finger grip with cigarettes because they 're chubby enough to comfortably do so . 
  look at people who roll their own cigarettes , with them the different is about 50/50 . 
  just do an experiment , roll a long cone headed joint and hold it like a cigarette , now watch it as it angles down at 45 % due to weight . 
  you mean to say you smoke spliffs without filters/roaches ? 
  what are you a barbarian ? 
  i 'm sorry but you 're just wrong . 
  i smoked weed everyday for years in europe and the vast majority use the thumb and index finger method . 
  the only reason people use this is because joints are top heavy and will turn and droop between your middle and index finger over time . 
  it 's nothing to do with the weird american weed customs of not using a roach . 
  look at the top of the thread about smoking to the end , that 's where i 'm getting my info . 
  personally i doubt that a joint is more wasteful , because when you pack a pipe or bong you get one hit in your lungs that you can only keep in for a few seconds , the rest is exhaled , with a joint some is lost in the burning true but it 's spread out into multiple inhales . 
  personal preference i guess . 
  the irony , that 's exactly what your doing in telling me that i 'm wrong . 
  why do n't we reach a compromise and say wherever you 're from in germany they use the cigarette method , and wherever ever i 've lived in the uk/germany they use the thumb method . 
  also whenever we 've been in amsterdam we 've only seen people using our respective methods ? 
  is that good enough . 
  edit : seems you 're from yorkshire , that would explain the attitude . 
  hang on they have weed in sweden xd ? 
  [ come around ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=x7couzlq5z8 ) : , 
  you seem mad . 
  i did n't need to google your username , everyone in the uk knows what god 's own county is . 
  oh and you 're never guilty of ad hominem * attacks against people who disagree with you . 
   this entire thread is full of bullshit but i guesst hats what happens when the 14 year olds from / r/trees start leaking into the rest of reddit . 
  get over yourself mate , you can even seem to manage basic spelling and capitalisation . 
  failing that get yourself downt pit , where 's ya whippet , gravy and chips etc. 
  what 's a saffie ? 
  all commonwealth people ( maybe not canadians ) , use bollocks . 
  it literally means testicles , but it 's usually used to say something is bad . 
  that 's bollocks = that 's shit . 
  but people also say `` it 's the bollocks '' which short for `` it 's the dog 's bollocks '' , which means it 's good . 
  yeah i was just joke to be honest . 
  but from all accounts drugs are very hard to find to sweden relative to other countries and the punishments quite draconian . 
  wow this the perfect example of how reddit will latch onto a stupid narrative just because it 's superficially and conveniently `` logical '' . 
  what a crock of shit . 
  lot of americans use roaches , lots of europeans use the thumb grip method . 
  this entire thread is just pure steaming shit . 
  too many americans think this is the way the world should be run . 
  so much for civilisation . 
  healthcare in germany is a bit of a predicament actually . 
  it is of excellent quality but it people are getting screwed over for it really . 
  you 're already paying a high rate of tax and then 9 % of your income in health insurance . 
  what 's more is that even if you 're 18 and healthy the cost is getting pushed onto you because you still pay a relatively high rate . 
  double or triple of what you would pay with private insurers in other countries sometimes . 
  furthermore they 've implemented legislation that makes it virtually impossible to not use the state supported insurers unless you 're already earnings so much you 're in a tax bracket that will ensure you contribute massively anyway . 
  basically german legistaters are using every trick in the book to pay for the ever increasing cost of nursing care for the elderly population . 
  the future looks really uncertain in this regard , germany is probably going to have to take in massive immigration of young people in the next 20 years , an appeal that is obviously countered by the rising tax burden and healthcare costs . 
  where are you getting that . 
  is that with your employer paying half . 
  that would have to be 9 % of your monthly putting you under taxation rates . 
  believe me i pay over double that . 
  no , the term chav only is n't used by pathetic over sensitive bleeding hearts . 
  only such morons would assume that chav is a classist discriminatory term , when in fact it 's reserved for the elements of society that are actively harmful . 
  sorry if i offended you , you pathetic over sensitive bleeding heart . 
  as someone who lives in germany i also agree with this view . 
  we need to keep the british voice in the eu it just needs to be a positive voice rather than that of constant negativity and doubt . 
  when i lived in the uk it was all to easy to forget the things that the uk does very well since we have this national tendency to moan endlessly even when things are n't that bad . 
  it was only when i left the uk i realised this comparatively . 
  i think the uk has a lot in common with the dutch politically and this should really be a strength to counter the franco-german alliance . 
  the uk has deep roots in liberalism and i think that this is a good common ground between both the centre left and centre right wing . 
  fiscal conservatism ( in the sense of making decisions that are anti-investment and anti-risk ) would be too prevalent in the eu without the uk , as would social conservatism ( in the true sense of embracing change in society at a fundamental level ) . 
  everyone holds up germany as this golden child of europe but it 's not without its faults . 
  whatever anyone says the bismark system does not compare to the nhs in terms of security or convenience , new businesses have it rough with tax and regulation , wave goodbye to your tax free earnings on the first big chunk of your salary , prepared to be penalised for being self-employed , despite being big on the core issues of discrimination an attitude of social progress is not prevalent here . 
  i consider myself pretty left of centre but i also understand that society needs to adapt and change to fit the ever approaching future , however i feel that germany wants to cling to idealised old left mentality and compensate for it with its strengths in other areas like exports . 
  the uk has a lot of offer the eu , and likewise the eu has lots of good things to offer britain . 
  i 'd rather see a future where both positively affect one another rather than one where each split apart . 
   given france and great britain history with each other can you say with certainly that great britain and france would n't have resumed hostilities with each other at some point ? 
  in my opinion , no . 
  classic , it happened hundreds of years ago so it might happen again guys . 
  america better watch out or the british might be coming for them 20 years down the line ... 
  `` murica number one !! 11 '' . 
  did you see my funny joke ? 
  it 's so funny , it 's so witty , my humour is so intelligent . 
  fucking yuropoors do n't get superior american jokes ... 
  putin 's two bit army and the mighty forces of iran .
