  it 's a self-justifying narrative if i 've ever seen one . 
  perhaps if he tried actually living in another country he 'd be more aware of how good they do n't have it and cease the sanctimonious self-rationalisation . 
  jealous of poverty ? 
  jealous of the authoritarianism ? 
  jealous of the crime rate ? 
  what am i jealous of exactly ? 
  i 've had to come to terms with the realisation that i probably wo n't be in the uk when it happens , which is sad . 
  not because i 'm that fussed about a very old , very privileged old lady kicking the bucket ( i 'm pretty neutral on the matter of monarchy ) , but because i wo n't be able to tell people when i 'm old what it was like on the day the queen died . 
  no doubt i 'll be experiencing the mood vicariously via the bbc . 
  abroad i ca n't imagine life will be much affected . 
  who fucking care to be honest . 
  in the 70s everyone was taking speed combined with chaining smoking cigs and drinking industrial strength coffee just to stay up memorising lists of quotes as long as your arm . 
  it 's well known that the only real cognitive advantage they confer is the ability to stay up latter and the sensation of being focussed . 
  it does n't make you more intelligent or give you better recall , hell it does n't even necessarily make you more focussed ( speed can just make people go off on so many tangents that they do n't actually study the correct material ) so there 's no reason to think it truly stops it from being a level playing field . 
  i 've had friends that were big fans of speed and they would simply do dumb shit like stay up for 12 hours writing a short story , only to find it 's complete shit the morning when the dopamine high wears off . 
  i find the expressiveness thing very unnerving as a hearing person . 
  i realise i should n't but it 's something that i ca n't help . 
  it 's just the reality that in the hearing world facial expression is incredibly important , even if it 's not as important as in deaf languages . 
  the core difference is that we use spoken language to communicate ideas but we use facial expression to know what mental state the person is in when communicating those ideas . 
  however deaf people do n't just use signs to talk and facial expressions to check on the mental state , much rather they use both signs and facial expressions to communicate ideas . 
  this means that deaf people are much more expressive with their faces , and this means that while hearing people are looking for minors tells , a slight frown , a break in eye contact , smiling eyes or whatever , deaf people are essentially barraging them with what to us seems like highly uncontrolled , or highly artificial facial expression . 
  sadly this comes with many negative connotations in the minds of hearing people . 
  firstly , we tend to associate this kind of uncontrolled facial expression with children , and by way of analogy , people who are mentally childlike e.g. 
  someone with a mental disability . 
  this is where we get the conflation of deaf people with the mentally disabled from . 
  if a deaf person wants to express disgust for example , maybe you 've offered them some fish and they do n't eat fish , they 're liable to make a disgusted face , which for them is a totally normal way to express how they feel about that thing . 
  however a polite hearing adult would never make a disgusted face even if they found fish to be disgusting , that would be a social faux pas as it would be indicative of not just a polite refusal , but an indication of utter offence at the suggestion they eat fish , so much so that they could n't conceal it . 
  if a hearing person reacted that way you 'd disprove of their seeming lack of emotional control and/or over dramatic reaction , as if you 'd just offered them a piece of raw freshly slaughtered puppy meat . 
  for the hearing person a strong facial of expression is indicative of an emotional reaction so strong that it caused the person to lose the ability to keep control of their expression , whereas for the deaf community it is how they express themselves . 
  another part of this is facial expression is a very big part of how hearing people discern if someone is being honest . 
  deaf people do this too as well , but they 're tuned into a totally different set of tells from hearing people . 
  as deaf expression as so much more physically exaggerated when compared to hearing people , it can come across as artificial . 
  the best analogy is with a game of poker . 
  when it comes to facial expression , a deaf person is liable to appear either as a poker player with so little self-control that they start crying every time they get a bad hand and screaming for joy when they get a good one , or like a poker player who is attempting the most unconvincing bluff imaginable by transparently fake crying when they have a good hand and fake smiling when they have a bad hand . 
  either way the conclusion is that the person we 're dealing with is either someone with a childlike level of self control or an inept con man trying to convince us that they 're in one mental state or another in the most over the top way imaginable , but inept or not , or whether attributed to lack of control or attempted deception , that still results in an inclination towards distrust . 
  watching a deaf person cycle through maybe 10 different expressive states over the course of 10 minutes can be highly unnerving for the inexperienced . 
  one minute they 'll look happy , the next sad , the next pissed off etc. 
  how can we tell how someone is really feeling if they 're constantly consciously demonstrating those feelings , and if we ca n't get an idea of how someone really feels how can we trust them . 
  the negative accusations hearing people make towards deaf people are always the same : temperamental , rude , never satisfied , ungrateful , fake etc. 
  it 's fair to say most of this perception is simply the product of different social rules and culture . 
  for example , if you make a nice gesture towards someone in the hearing world they 'll continue to show positive emotions towards you , unless something is seriously the matter , for a long period afterwards . 
  however if a deaf person then needs to express a negative feeling , even if it 's completely unrelated , he has to use a displeased expression of some kind . 
  the expectation that they 'll keep displaying an emotional state for a long period would be a bit like expecting someone to keep verbally thanking you for your kind gesture for hours after you made it . 
  that would be weird behaviour in the hearing world , as would constantly smiling at someone when you look over at them in the deaf world . 
  another sad reality , although one people might feel is controversial , is that there is some overlap between the deaf community and the cognitively impaired , which means once in a while you do encountered disabled deaf people who do not have restraint , and an experience like that can lead to someone generalising that to all deaf people . 
  `` i 'm deaf not stupid '' is a favourite phrase of many deaf people but sadly the reality is that hearing people without experience of deaf people do sometimes find it hard to tell the difference , especially in a very short or limited instance of social interaction . 
  all a shopkeeper might see is someone acting contrary to how they expect , and that 's as far as their analysis goes . 
  i have respect for hearing people who work in the deaf community , it 's a very hard task , one that i would personally shy away from , and it must take a great deal of understanding and patience to do it . 
  honestly i think the only ones who are left playing wow are the ones that enjoyed the process more than the actual hard goals . 
  the content these days just feels so generic it 's become almost like diablo or something where you just zone out and pwn your way through stuff . 
  all the minimum wagers will be crying themselves to sleep when we crash out of the eu without a deal and it fucks the economy . 
  i left the uk , as an eu citizen i 'll add , due to poor employment prospects in my area . 
  in the uk it was clear i was pretty surplus to requirements despite having an ma , it really did n't help me but made me over educated for most roles . 
  the brexiteers would probably accuse me of being a puffed up student wanker at this point for not wanting to take jobs in retail or whatever but fuck that , i did do jobs in retail and it was fucking awful . 
  i simply wanted a chance to do something that was n't mundane bullshit . 
  found great career opportunities abroad , was actually able to find a job where you are entrusted with some degree of responsibility and not treated like shit . 
  most of jobs back in the uk were ridiculously shit , the kind where you have some pompous middle manager harping on at you all day and night , checking on you to make sure you do n't leave 3 minutes early etc. 
  i was in the uk job market right after the recession hit and my experience was fucking horrible . 
  as young people we were typecast as lazy and irresponsible regardless of what we did . 
  of the team i was on about half of us had degrees , one guy even had a law degree , and yet we were the ones who could n't be trusted to not be micromanaged by some twat who left education at 18 20 years ago with a clipboard , gelled hair , and an overgrown sense of self-entitlement . 
  i understand that it was a time of job losses and nobody was excited at the prospect of new comers to the job market , but still , fuck me it was grim . 
  settled into life abroad , learnt a new language to a pretty high standard ( almost ready to take my c1 proficiency test , which is the level you 'd need to study a degree in a language usually ) . 
  then bam , brexit happened , despite the millions of reasons it was a fucking stupid idea and completely unnecessary . 
  not only was i denied a place at the table in my nation of birth , but now my nation of birth has decided to take away my place at another table . 
  well done britain , always the intelligent and well reasoned nation . 
  if britain crashes out the eu without being prepared for the tens of thousands of incredibly pissed off overseas residents coming back doing everything to undermine brexit and get the uk back into the eu over the coming years . 
  a least thatcher 's goal was making the rich richer , may 's goal is n't even to benefit anyone ... it 's sole agenda is to quell the burning fires populism in the tory party , simultaneously fucking the country and ensuring a tory reign of darkness for the next 20 years . 
  may is a deeply christian traditionalist who went to politics to try and stem the change in what she saw as declining national moral values , i guarantee it . 
  she 's as parochial as they come . 
  if she gets handed a mandate expect us to go back to the 60s in the most twee sense imaginable . 
  with a strong mandate i think we can expect the return of grammar schools , church schools all over the place , tax breaks for private schools , harsher or at least unchanged drugs policy , harsher penalties for criminals who are the target of populist hate . 
  i think she , and her following , love the narrative of the deserving and undeserving , so with a strong may lead expect to see the encouragement of the narrative that states there are the `` good poor '' , hard working respectable working class with strong morals , vs the `` bad poor '' , feckless criminal substance abusers who spend all their benefits on lottery tickets . 
  we 'll also see a strong reinforcement of the narrative of the `` good immigrant '' , who loves britain more than their homeland and has a high paying job and is law abiding to the letter of the law , vs the `` bad immigrant '' , comes to britain to mooch off the system and avoid paying tax etc. 
  may feeds off naive perceptual divisions in the community like a vampire . 
  she knows that people who feel this way put her in no . 
  10 by voting brexit and now with her pmship secure she 'll see herself as following their `` mandate '' . 
  and mexico should pay for a wall right ? 
  this is just ridiculous . 
   the liquor will do the driving , then we 'll just kick back on booze control . 
  i can tell you that most british school trips are regular old british museums and historic sites in the uk . 
  i went abroad 3 times with the school , twice to holland and belgium by coach , and once to the south of france with a plane . 
  each time you had to pay a fair few hundred pounds to the school to go on the trip which would be during the holidays . 
  it is pronounced `` tie-er '' when it refers to one who ties . 
  north american speakers use an - ah sound for the letter - o in words like mom and non . 
  british speakers use an - ah sound for - ar ( e.g part ) and sometimes - a ( e.g grass , pass etc. ) . 
  north american retains this - ah sound in words like `` calm '' , so that for them it becomes homophonic with `` com '' . 
  in british english these two words have separate vowels . 
  neither country pronounces the - l for the most . 
  ( might be some rare exceptions in some dialects ) . 
   is this like that cot/caught distinction that some places have ? 
  kinda , but the `` caught '' vowel does n't actually come into play there . 
  british english has two vowel sounds that most american dialects do not . 
  both are made with rounded lips in the back of the throat . 
  one occurs in a word like `` cot '' , the other occurs in a word like `` caught '' , american speakers typically use an - ah sound for both of these instead ( thus they are merged ) , but a british speaker would n't use - ah for either , but use two totally distinct sounds for each word . 
  if you say a word like `` com '' in your american accent and make your lips round when you do it you 'll be pronouncing it the british way . 
  british speakers use the rounded vowel from `` cot '' in a word like `` com '' but do not round their vowel at all in a word like `` calm '' ( because it 's an - a and not an - o ) , so the british say the first differently but the latter is roughly equivalent to the north american pronunciation . 
  just no . 
  central banks are not a conspiracy to control the world , they are the very system by which the modern economic system works . 
  if they have it under control then they are controlling it . 
  that 's how english works .
