  let 's pray they can save us from the idiots . 
  ironically all the leave voters are doing is giving away british money and jobs to the french and germans . 
  i 'm sure he 'll want something that 'll give him even more power to make and break governments and manufacture public opinion . 
  no , there are literally no positive to being out the eu . 
  of course i think 17 million people might vote leave despite there being no positives . 
  millions of people are going to vote for trump , millions of people voted for hitler . 
  the average person knows nothing of economics , nothing of geopolitics , and nothing about how the world works at all really . 
  the average voter spends 99 % of their time thinking about their ordinary day to day world around them , and devotes maybe 1 % of their time to consider politics , and does n't consider economics at all . 
  meanwhile the people who make important decisions spend maybe 90 % of their time thinking about politics and economics , and 10 % of their time thinking about the ordinary day to day things . 
  overwhelmingly the latter group supported remain . 
  well i 'm not trying to convert you . 
  saying some things matter more than facts is basically another way of saying `` something things matter more than reality '' . 
  i agree with you , remain should n't have relied on the facts , it should have mobilised emotional blackmail and propaganda like the leave side did , because that 's the most efficient way of encouraging the average voter to side with you . 
   so basically your saying over 17 million people from all races , religions and classes are all idiots who do n't know anything about leaving the eu ? 
  yes , they certainly are . 
  do n't worry though , the majority of remain voters are idiots who did n't know what they were voting for too . 
  truth is , the vast majority people are idiots who fundamentally misunderstand how the world works . 
  we have to be realistic now , people are very stupid , only a small % are even intelligent enough to understand an issue as vast as the eu , just as only a small percentage are smart enough to get mbas or phds . 
   do you think people like ian duncan smith , theo paphitis , james dyson , julian assange do n't know anything about economics and geopolitics ? 
  i think they 're all people who have something to gain personally from a leave result , either furtherment of their career or benefits to their domestic business , and people without the scruples to care what happens to other people . 
  the only exception might to assange , who opposes it on a more ideological ground , however his ideology is away with the fairies . 
  let 's not get this wrong . 
  you can throw a few reputable names at me that supported leave , but it 's an incontrovertible fact that 90 % of the reputable names out there supported remain . 
   the fact you can claim there are zero positive benefits from being out of the eu and that millions of people , including the ones mentions above , are idiots , i think says a lot about your insight into the matter . 
  i do n't have to claim anything . 
  it is a fact , and this fact will only become more evident as time passes and the ramifications are seen . 
  i do n't need to prove anything , give it a year and you 'll know we done fucked up . 
  lol , but it 's not opinion , it 's a fact , the whole of the city of london and political class are in agreement . 
  all the international economists without a stake in this are in agreement . 
  all the people with the knowledge about how the world works are in agreement . 
  the only voices to the contrary are coming from people with a vested interest in convincing people otherwise , people like andrea leadsom , who had the nerve of accusing the bank of england of being biased , people like theo paphitis , who supported leave because it benefited himself , and people like bob the plumber from sunderland , who might know his way around a u-bend but does n't have a fucking clue how the economy / government works . 
  i fear for this country , i really do . 
  we used to pride ourselves on being intelligent , and if we were n't intelligent , took pride in deferring to someone who was . 
  now we 're turning into the usa , everything becomes `` an opinion '' , even when the facts are patently clear , and everyone feels entitled to believe crazy things regardless of the reality . 
  reality is that the uk is incredibly unlikely to gain anything from brexit . 
  our economy will decline compared to what it would 've been , our global political influence will decline , the trade deals we 'll sign will be the same or worse than what we had before , on average the poor will get poorer as a result of this . 
  any gains we make , just as in fishing , will be far outweighed by the losses . 
  the deregulation they 're talking about to save the economy will fuck the poor ever harder , scrapping their rights in favour of a more american style work culture , but even the benefits of this will take decades to pay off economically . 
  what 's interesting though is that throughout history the intellectual segment of the population has always been more sceptical of religious claims , the only exception to that being the intelligent people who had some vested interest in having people believe those claims , in order to keep those believers docile and under control . 
  ironically not a lot has changed , with the intelligent segment of the population all being sceptical of the patent falsehoods the leave campaign argue for , and the only exception to that being people with a vested interest in convincing people to believe the lies . 
  let 's make a clear distinction - may says she supports brexit . 
  furthermore she 's already renounced her position on the echr . 
  hi , how are you ? 
  are you well ? 
  you 've been subscribed to british facts !, 
  did you know that there is nowhere in britain that is more than 74.5 miles from the sea ? 
  the furthest from the ocean one can be in britain is in the town of coton in the elms in the county of derbyshire . 
  this proximity to the coastline probably contributed to britain 's seafaring naval history !, 
  to unsubscribe please text : lilliil1l1lll1i to 080011111111, 
  ok buddy , let 's dissolve the discussion into strawman arguments because there 's no way for you to defend the leave position . 
  let 's pretend that people who know about something are n't vastly more likely to be correct about it than all the people who do n't know about something . 
  i 'm sure you 'll enjoy living in a country where we take the advice of those without medical degrees on medical issues over the advice of doctors ... peace . 
  i know there is not , but as political editor of the sun it should n't be that hard to find one . 
  it 's the new journalist that will struggle to find work . 
  no you misunderstand . 
  i understand that because a load of people who know a lot about a topic think one way about that topic , it 's a fact that their way of thinking about it is correct , or at least more accurate than the people who do n't know anything about the topic . 
  you are misinterpreting that to suit your agenda . 
   no one knows for certain what the outcome of this will be . 
  of course , that 's why there 's so many people hoping to win big in the city by predicting whether the market is over or underestimating the impacts of brexit , and looking to profit short term from capital injections authorised by the bank of england to keep the economy afloat . 
  nobody is arguing about the inevitability of a long term downturn though . 
   everyone 's had their say and cast their vote , but it will be a long time before anyone can claim it was a fact that leaving or remaining was the right move . 
  except all the people who knew what they were voting on voted one way , and all the people who did n't have a clue what was at stake voted another way . 
  put it this way , nobody knows for certain what will happen to a cancer patient , sometimes they just miraculously improve despite the odds being against them , sometimes they die even though they had a high chance of survival . 
  if you gathered a bunch of doctors around , and they said you need to have an operation to cut out the tumour , but then you put it to a public vote , and and 51.9 % of the public vote against the operation , it does n't make it any less clear that you 're probably going to die . 
  the best that you can hope for in this situation is that despite following the vote rather than the advice of the doctors , the cancer miraculously heals itself by pure chance , but even that would n't have made the doctors wrong . 
  these are n't people they 're institutions , many of which are bound by law to tell the truth rather than what they want people to hear . 
  ok , point is she wo n't be doing anything for a while . 
  nothing is a `` fact '' if we want to get philosophical . 
  there 's always radical doubt , we could all be living in the matrix or this could be a dream and nothing we believe could be true . 
  however , not all opinions are equal . 
  all the informed opinions say that the uk wo n't benefit from brexit . 
  the consensus is so overwhelmingly clear that it 's irrational to believe otherwise . 
  yeah , you 're right . 
  this guy is n't even doing a u-turn , he always supported brexit . 
  i just think it 's amusing that the political editor of the sun can be for remain and yet the sun will still print huge headlines telling people to `` vote leave !, 
  '' , and that he is happy to work for the sun while being so upset about the brexit 's impact on the economy . 
  well i can only say that i , alongside most the experts ( which i am not ) , do not think it will benefit long term , but you 're entitled to an opinion . 
  as for egg sandwiches my favourites are egg and cress in the typical british style , but i 'm quite fond of the german style [ laugenstanger mit ei ] ( http://www.baerlifood-retail.de/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/3343z-laugenstange-belegt-mit-gekochtem-ei.jpg ) , which is made with pretzel type bread . 
  boiled egg on hot toast ? 
  no way , cold fresh bread , with mayonnaise , salt , and pepper ? 
  perfect . 
  the only way i 'm having hot toast go near my boiled egg is if it 's soft boiled and they 're cut in soldiers . 
  it 's true though . 
  you were n't meant to vote to leave the eu , that obviously has way too many negative economic and geopolitical ramifications for anyone to be crazy enough to do . 
  even the leave side only wanted a narrow loss , so they could paint themselves as the `` tough on europe '' leaders of the tory party come the 2020 election . 
  now everyone is shitting the bed because we never believed you 'd be insane enough to go and do it . 
  no , i 'm one of the people who agrees with the `` experts '' that you lot were so ready to dismiss . 
  the eu will allow that but only if we give up our financial passport to export services , which is the real money issues , it would at least keep manufacturing safe . 
  it 's also a bit of a terrible deal , because ultimately it wo n't stop the group who dislike immigration , and most of the leave crowd will be pissed off . 
  the uk loses its say in the eu , but is bound by many of its laws if it wants to retain eea membership . 
  really the problem is that there 's no real compromise option that would n't just be a useless hit to the uk without gaining anything leave claimed to be about . 
  the best option is clearly to remain in the eu , but that 's exactly what the `` great british public '' just decided they did n't like , and the 2nd best ( and far worse ) option is to go for a canada type deal in the hope the freedom it gives us will allow us to reshape our economy as stronger and more global . 
  my deepest fear if this happens though it what they 're going to do with all the new legislation that will replace the eu stuff . 
  most of the stuff like guaranteed holiday , maternity and paternity leave , and other workers rights is currently in the form of eu legislation , my fear is that in the face of economic setbacks the new government uses the opportunity to strip back out working rights in an attempt to boost the economy into being competitive again . 
  i really only see two options for the government , arse around for so long and hope people start to like the eu again , at which point call a second referendum , or invoke article 50 as soon as we are reasonably prepared for it and go hardcore into negotiations broker at a deal that will make various allowances but puts the uk in a unique position to make global deals that the eu wo n't be able to benefit from . 
  this makes far more sense strategically . 
  the public 's eye is on immigration , but in reality , i do n't think that 's what the government are looking at , and it might be something the uk has to continue to allow to get the deal they want . 
  sure , the public think immigration is the core of this , but the government understands that the regulation the uk is bound by will be far more crucial to the prosperity of the nation and power they have the reshape the british economic landscape . 
  because of this , we could even be looking at a freedom of movement including canada style deal . 
  it all depends how comfortable the government are with pissing off the electorate , this will determine whether the government will have to give up the economic chips or the immigration chips , with the opposition in complete disarray , they might feel that the next general election would be a walk in the park , they even have the power to call it whenever they want , because they can call it early due to having an unelected leader at the helm .
