  seriously a texan has no right to lecture anyone on elocution or culture . 
  british humour and tv is loved around the world , as are many of our accents . 
  the traditional food is basically all the really ordinary stuff you probably think is american like apple pie and roast meals . 
  the weather is pretty dull but i 'd still take it over the barbaric texan heat . 
  seriously , you sound like you 've got bee in your bonnet about this one . 
  [ i mean really ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-m5vqqlco1u ) ? 
  you think you 're in a position to judge ? 
  nope , you just sound like a bit of an arse . 
  to be fair this how is celebrities and public figures should react when thrown critical questions . 
  smile and brush it off , respond to the question but do n't give it too much credit . 
  i really hate it when such people throw hissy fits , and i never understand it when people defend public figures for doing so . 
  of course journalists ask low blow questions , they are scum , but that should be taken for granted . 
  arnold showing class and good media skills right here . 
  i do n't really dislike texas , bit too hot and churchy but otherwise fine , it 's you , however , who seems like the arse . 
  see , i do n't interpret it as honesty , i just interpret it as unprofessionalism . 
  it does n't endear me to them in the slightest . 
  i did n't say everyone in texas was churchy , i said on the whole it was , which is true . 
  you still do n't get why you 're an arse evidently , but it 's because you 're making generalisation about a whole country . 
  i do n't like us humour on the whole , robin williams for example just is n't funny to me , but that does n't mean i can go around saying us humour terrible , when some comedians from the us are funny . 
  i do n't like most us accents , but that does n't mean i can go around saying they are all terrible , because some , like boston , sound quite nice to me . 
  i could go around calling texans a bunch of inbred , proudly ignorant , gun totin , aggressive , overly macho and probably in the closet , illiterate , bible bashing , racists who live in a bland god forsaken culturally backwards backwater with no class or style , but i do n't because one not all texans are this stereotype and two i 'm not an arsehole . 
   it shows me that the politician is willing to be brave and real , that is what is endearing about it . 
  i do n't get this at all though . 
  it seems like a complete contradiction to ask a public figure to be `` real '' , it 's a concept i really struggle with , what does it even mean to be `` real '' in the way young people say it today . 
  i do n't really want my politicians and public figures `` brave and real '' , i want them highly intelligent and to demonstrate utter self-control . 
  showing emotion is the opposite of this to me , it 's a sign of doubt or weakness . 
   i think it is ok for a reporter to go against public opinion , but in her case she was just fishing lazily without any conviction . 
  again , i disagree , she was just doing her job . 
  it 's good that journalists do this , regardless of whether it 's lazy or well planned , it 's just indicative of the freedom of press . 
  they throw shit and the people they throw it at deflect it , that 's how it 's meant to work in my opinion . 
  i really do n't get it when i see the public backing up people who are in the public eye by choice when they get angry or lose their shit . 
  they chose to be there and they are getting paid for it . 
  nor do i understand it when people get annoyed with reporters for essentially doing their job , which is trying to press these people 's buttons and get a story . 
  imo , here arnold demonstrated the perfect way for a public figure to deflect a low blow question , smiling , in control , and courteous . 
  pure professionalism , if i could it would make me want to vote for him . 
  however , i fear it 's a skill that many modern public figures do n't have . 
  for example , when i saw that famous tarantino interview it did n't make me think , this guy is an honest type who does n't take any shit , it just made me think , what an total tool . 
  rising above stuff and handling it with charm is way more impressive than losing your cool . 
  and on that note ? 
  funny how on the show he 's a doofus but anyone in real life who had that talent would be way above most of us . 
  a tan will help you be tan ? 
  this is just getting silly , enjoy your life of ignorance . 
  i see no signs of them just having fun . 
  just seems like an ignorant person spouting off their ignorant opinions to me . 
  but anyway , i 've already forgotten it , after all you ca n't fix stupid . 
  that deep fried grease you call food is amazing ? 
  i suppose when you 've never tasted real food you might believe that . 
  yeah but that person is n't saying english stereotypes , they 're just saying they dislike all things british . 
  how sophisticated , what refined palettes you must have . 
  to fair the british laws on marketing to children are quite strict in comparison to many places . 
  no product placement in children 's programmes , no unhealthy food marketed directly at kids , no encouraging kids to ask their parents for stuff . 
  it 's pretty much the same as in denmark so i wonder why they do it from england . 
  firstly that is besides the point , the word was has always been pronounced without the typical back ( and in british english rounded ) vowel that typically occurs when - a follows - w in other english words . 
  i 'm pretty sure a reference from 1660 supports this . 
  yes i have read it , and i 've seen the miniseries too . 
  you are vastly misinformed if you think it support the notion that the english spoken in former colonies is somehow `` righter '' than british english . 
  i have a background in linguistics . 
  i would never seriously suggest a dialect is `` wrong '' . 
  to be honest , you sound very ignorant for even bringing up the concept of `` wrong '' regarding language . 
  there is not such thing as a `` wrong '' native dialect . 
  twat , however , being a word that is usually only used by americans when imitating british swearing , would be wrong when pronounced like `` twot '' if that was one 's intention . 
  however , i suppose you 're alluding to the ill conceived but common myth that american english is somehow more conservative and more traditional than british english . 
  / r/badlinguistics has debunked this idea so many times it 's not even funny any more . 
  if you think the colonists arrived in america `` sounding '' like modern americans you 're going to be disillusioned . 
  american english is no closer to older forms of english than british english , and there are dialects within each that are far more conservative than either nation 's prestige dialects . 
   please do n't tell me which idea i 'm alluding to, 
  that is exactly what you did when you said ... 
   so , you 're making the argument that the english spoken in the `` colonies '' is ... wrong ? 
  please do n't criticise me for doing exactly what you just did ... 
  where exactly did i say the `` twot '' pronunciation is wrong . 
  i merely pointed out that our earliest references to the word , a reference that pre-dates the us by over 100 years , has it rhyming with hat , and that the `` twot '' pronunciation is , if anything , a uniquely american reimagining of the word due to unfamiliarity with its traditional usage . 
  none of this makes `` twot '' wrong , it just makes it funny when an american tries to fake a british accent and makes this mistake . 
  you 've totally misinterpreted what i 've said there i 'm afraid . 
  people `` like you '' are arseholes . 
  commercial channels still show adverts during the breaks , they just have to be very careful about how and what they advertise . 
  ads for action man ( gi joe in the us ) , fine , ads for action man showing kids asking their parents for the toy or encouraging them do it , no . 
  adverts for ordinary food , fine , ads for fast food or foods high in fat or sugar , no . 
  also there is a whole channel of children 's programming in the uk with no advertising entirely paid for through the television licencing fee . 
  what ? 
  that makes no sense . 
  my question was , why do norwegian children 's channels use the uk to advertise to children rather than using denmark , which is geographically closer to norway . 
  i was n't asking why they use another country , merely why they would choose the uk . 
  also countries like ireland and netherlands do n't have specific national laws about it , just the eu wide laws we have . 
  you can have a lego advert , you just have to make sure they comply with the laws about what is ethical . 
  for example , they would have to accurately represent the product , you ca n't show the lego people walking around and talking if they ca n't do that . 
  you ca n't use social pressure to make the child want it , i.e you ca n't say all the cool kids have this toy , if you do n't you 're not cool . 
  you ca n't pressure the child to ask their parent for it , so you could n't show a child asking their mum for it or being upset because they ca n't have . 
  when i was a kid they were less strict , and they 'd show a kid firing his nerf gun like 100 metres or stretching his `` stretch armstrong '' around a house , then you 'd get it home and be disappointed with what it could actually do . 
  i do n't know about kids ads themselves , but i know the us is ridiculously lax regarding product placement . 
  obviously if you make you brand into a programme that 's ok . ironically you still probably could n't feature the my little pony cast playing with my little pony dolls . 
  new german words he 's taught me : `` ond '' and `` oober '', 
  stop hanging out with idiots . 
  plenty of people smoke weed . 
  i know accountants and bankers who smoke . 
  the only thing idiots stonors like this are good for is sorting you out with a few bags so you do n't have to deal with less savoury types . 
  i think good sci-fi always masks the age of the film well because it leaves your unsure as to whether the elements that look dated are part of the unique style of the film or just a consequence of the film 's age . 
  for example , blade runner has some pretty funky looking tech , but it does n't looked stated because it suits the neo-noir art style . 
  same goes for stuff like brazil . 
  in many ways what blade runner did with the 80s art fashion the matrix did with the 90s , if you look carefully you can see some very 90s influenced design choices , but they are well integrated into the film 's overall aesthetic . 
  ligging around is definitely something i 've heard before .
