  er . . congratulations on your geography . 
  when you 're the cradle of civilisation rather than a colony this tends to happen . 
   our space program . 
  how much would you know about the universe of germany was the world leader ... in anything . 
  once the rockets are up , who cares where they come down , that 's not my department says wernher von braun . 
   right on red lights . 
  also the case in germany . 
   our language is known pretty much anywhere . 
  you do n't have a language , it 's called english for a reason , and they 're the reason why you ( and the aussies , irish , canadians , new zealanders ) speak it . 
  why do americans move to germany ? 
  all of them . 
  you 're full of shit . 
  basketball is a minor sport in most of the world , invented by canadians . 
  hockey , is not american . 
  do you seriously think soccer is american ? 
  did you even go to school ? 
  wrestling has been around since ancient greece . 
  volleyball is a minor sport . 
  track and field is not american in the slightest and has existed since ancient times . 
  i mean seriously , are you starting to understand about how claiming to invent things they did n't is an american hobby ? 
  hey it 's not our problem that you offer us vast sums of money to do they jobs your countrymen are incapable of . 
  for half a million a year i 'd probably put up with living in a culture wasteland too . 
  i 've had plenty of americans claim more ludicrous things . 
  well done on being a large population i guess . 
  per capita you 're well behind most the world , but keeping trying . 
  lol what the fuck would i be jealous of ? 
  fact this is n't jealousy , it 's resentment . 
  i resent the fact that your country even exists . 
  frankly we blame ourselves . 
  if we 'd never gone all world war two times in a row america would have never been able to fill the power gap left by the british empire . 
  europe would still be vastly wealthier and america would still be the minor power it was in 1910 . 
  hell if we had n't sent a bunch of inbred nobles to rule england in the 18th century then the american revolution would have failed and the us would n't even exist . 
  can you imagine how beautiful the world would be ruled by european moderation and intellect , rather than american excess and irrational emotion ? 
  the whole of the us would be like one big canada and we would n't have to put up with a jingoistic anti-intellectual gun totin knee slappin tyrannical behemoth influencing foreign affairs , threatening to trigger nuclear and send us all back to the dark ages . 
  well maybe not most of the world , but you 're behind most developed countries ... 
  except you get to choose out of 320 million people which one to send , yet norway gets to send from a choice of 5 million . 
  yet norway does better per capita . 
  anyway this is getting boring , i do n't think even you believe everything you 're saying . 
  if you do then you 're very brainwashed but frankly i think you 're just saying these things for effect . 
  anyway , not all americans are dicks , sadly the greatest americans seem to be the ones who least personify the virtues that most americans consider to be american virtues . 
  i 'll leave you [ with one of my favourites ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qhpmrjioc2k ) . 
  it 's the case in the uk too , never see less than two officers , it 's just fucking common sense . 
  it 's quite odd actually . 
  germany has nothing like the uk with its divides . 
  for example the capital berlin is quite poor and it 's significance largely because of its being a western enclave in the east . 
  anyway i think in some ways the southern germans are the most middle/upper class types . 
  however this is mostly because they 're more traditional and more conservative . 
  the flip side of this is that they 're considered old fashioned and hicks . 
  on the other hand the north germans are definitely less traditional and conservative . 
  they 're not as affluent individually , however they are in the centre of the action and are definitely more modern and liberal . 
  germany simply ca n't be divided into an affluent relevant part and a poor irrelevant part . 
  it 's more you 've got an affluent irrelevant part and a poor relevant part . 
  like if you gave a large share of the south of england 's money and refinement to yorkshire , while leaving the commerce and political power in the south . 
  yorkshire is definitely the closest thing that england has to bavaria culturally , they have funny accents and a lot of pride , however yorkshire is poor and bavaria is wealthy , so it 's not the same . 
  that 's a fucking crock of right wing shit . 
  the free market has n't functioned since frontier days . 
  the best we can hope for it a government controlled market that actually has the interests of people at heart . 
  other robots do all the grunt work , repairs , maintenance and so forth . 
  a small percent of people will be always have to be there to oversee the challenging stuff , which people will naturally do for free . 
  people constantly underestimate the willingness of people to work for free . 
  there are millions of volunteers helping good causes , there are people who could easily be getting rich being business magnates or dentists who instead choose to be scientists despite to making it far less likely they 'll get rich , not to mention the majority of people who are rich enough not to have to work will take jobs paid or unpaid . 
  the only reason we do n't see this is because we assume that work means 8 + hours a day , every weekday , suffering under some tyrannical egotistical arsehole with the alternative being poverty . 
  in reality if we were free of needing to work for survive , the majority of people would be happy to donate their time to doing stuff to just keep them busy , it would just be on their own terms which totally changes the dynamic . 
  i had millions in the bank i would n't be sitting a home every day wanking and playing vidya , i 'd be happy to at least do a part time job , especially if i thought that job was helping out the greater good . 
  social democracy is the future . 
  all these idiots on this thread shouting about capitalism do n't seem to realise that in the future your labour will not be worth jackshit . 
  the only economy will be that which builds , designs and programmes machines , and that economy simply does n't need the vast majority of people . 
  even if everyone learns to be a programmer , so what , that will just mean a lot of unemployed programmers . 
  yeah , god sweden is a such a shithole . 
  getting paid by the government to go to university , high median income , great healthcare . 
  nobody is suggesting lenin style communism , just a happy medium . 
  if we lived in a truly capitalist society he would have been put down you mean , have you read ayn rand ? 
  haha yeah , liberals are so like that . 
  it 's not like it 's capitalists who are denying people opportunities like education and healthcare , it 's the liberals right ? 
  i 'm pretty sure `` i 've got mine so fuck you '' is all the people who want to cut taxes for the rich , that would be the logical situation that would benefit him if he 's worth 20 million . 
  clearly those few percents of extra tax are what 's stopping everyone getting rich , nothing at all with the notion of everyone being wealthy being a logical impossibility . 
  so are you suggesting we build a feudalistic society in which the building of thinking machines is the ultimate heresy . 
  a loose affiliation of planetary lords who will annihilate any lord who attempts to build so much as a digital watch . 
  instead we 'll use selective breeding to force into existence a bunch of psychic mutated freaks capable of transmitting messages across the universe and tearing space time so gigantic mechanical crafts can travel through space . 
  we 'll replace all our technology with elaborate mechanical devices operated by slaves . 
  instead of computers we 'll use genetically modified drug addled servants capable of memorising vast amounts of information . 
  all we need is a special substance found on only one planet in the universe produced by giant sandworms . 
  he who controls the spice controls the universe !, 
  sounds patently idyllic . 
  ergh ... we can worry about relative poverty when we do n't have people starving , homeless , unable to access basics like education and healthcare . 
  i do n't think humans want a totally even society , but when even the poorest person in the world has access to a roof over their head , food , adequate healthcare and education we can look at things further . 
  ironically the meritocratic principles of capitalism will never been a reality until this is the case , because when everyone 's fundamental needs are met then someone who 's a brain surgeon can really turn around to the guy working in a supermarket and say i earn more than you because i 'm more talented and worked harder , and that guy at the checkout would have to agree because if he wanted to he could quit his job , go back to school and become a doctor as well without worrying about being unable to provide for himself or his family since their basic needs would be met regardless . 
  if this were the case then the only reason to work in ordinary job would be because you either were n't smart enough or too lazy to do something better , and sure many people would choose this route , but they could n't say they were forced into it by necessity , and would simply have to acknowledge is that ordinary mundane work was all they were cut out for . 
  the way things stand you could the next einstein , but if you 're born into utter poverty 99/100 the best you 'll do is ending up managing a shop someday even if you do everything right , because the need to provide for yourself means lofty ambitions take a back seat . 
  and yeah sure , they 'll still be those few people who despite being born in a trailer will manage to get top grades and work their way through medical while working two jobs and end up millionaires , but to expect that of even 10 % is completely unrealistic . 
  moreover why should it be expected of the most disadvantaged to work x10 harder for it than those born into rich families who will gladly pay for their kids through education , support them whilst they do unpaid internships , and use their affluence to get them into a high paying career . 
  it 's gross injustice . 
  i do n't think you read that right . 
  his point is that we should be more afraid of capitalism than robots , not that robots should be afraid ... 
  many people in low level jobs fear robots stealing their jobs . 
  the point is that the problem is n't the robots themselves , it 's the capitalist society that will discard you unless you can do something that ca n't be done more cheaply by a robot . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  when your job is replaced by a machine then you earn absolutely nothing at all then you wo n't be able to even feed yourself . 
  with automation the factory owner gets richer and the factory workers go begging on the street . 
  in the future low skill labour will be non-existent , and a huge number of humans are incapable of nothing more than low skill labour .
