   good god , they do that because they could fire those contractors whenever they want to , definitely not because they are cheaper . 
  seriously , read a book or two . 
  that 's actually hilarious . 
  being able to terminate contracts when needed ! = cheaper . 
  being about to save money when necessary ! = cheaper . 
  we can literally draw a graph factoring risk of employment vs subcontraction and plot the point where it becomes optimal economically to take either course of action . 
  i 'm suggesting sub-contraction would be cheaper in your ( imaginary case ) . 
  learn the fundamentals of economics . 
  one sentence , cool story bro . 
  also people admit they care . 
  even i would admit it makes more sense to care about the retarded things that the us do than any other country given their political influence . 
  they are the nation that brought us the war on drugs and the war on terror after all . 
  ok but as a counterpoint to that , the actual gain between getting 50k and getting 50k is n't exactly a 50/50 split . 
  if we plotted it on a graph with more and more money there would come a point where the gain from doubling your money would n't even be +25 % in terms of actual gain but the risk of losing everything would become a worse and worse prospect as the figure increased . 
  imagine doing the test with a billion pounds up for grabs . 
  500 million is a life changing amount of cash to receive for everyone but the richest people in the world . 
  however the difference in life improvement in real terms between receiving 500 million and a billion for most people is not that huge . 
  so logically the higher the figure the more sense it makes to split . 
  obviously in this example it 's not as extreme but it 's just surprising that in this match that was atypically high risk for the tv programme she did what she did . 
  ironically i think it actually pays in this game to seem like a real sneaky character , leading your opponent to assume there 's a high chance you 'll steal and therefore making the opponent think that there 's a high risk if they steal since everything will be lost . 
  ultimately that will make them conclude to split on off chance you wo n't steal rather than risk taking you on . 
   you are the one not believing in keeping his paper and i 'm naive ? 
  what could go wrong , hm ? 
  in the example of an arsonist burning my house down , what ? 
  some code is not met in your property invaliding the insurance , you failed to inform the insurance company of something , you missed a small print . 
   the claim has been made immediately after the fire , you mean until when it is paid ? 
  yes , of couse as a back payment , so what . 
  that wo n't take years . 
  could take months or over a year , depends on the case . 
  ca n't be asked addressing your example , needless to say people have been underpaid by insurers and they will be again . 
   i am sure that is what i said , yes . 
  which is hilarious since termination is a factor that adds possible cost that needs to be factored into the whole equation . 
   that is if one cares about the risk of employment , of course . 
  that is what i said . 
  subcontracting is always more expensive , unless you contract people in china or somehow get around a union contract that way . 
  absolutely not , depends on so many factors , scale , risk , benefits . 
  you 're making a stupid generalisation . 
   but it would n't . 
  quite obviously so . 
  i have no risk in employing up to ten people because laws about firing protections do n't apply in that case . 
  it 's pretty much at-will employment . 
  that 's not the only factor . 
  maternity leave , liability , provision of a suitable workplace . 
  there 's so many factors , you 're way too blas\u00e9 about this . 
   yeah , how about you doing that first . 
  a bit rich coming from someone who thinks `` employment is always cheaper than sub-contraction '', 
   as if that would be relevant in this discussion in any way . 
  you made a general statement , you get a suitable answer . 
   and their colonies , yes . 
  that should tell you something . 
  anglophone culture is leaps ahead of the plodding conservative germanic mindset ? 
  mine was ( 7 * 10 ) + ( 7 * 5 ) - 7 . 
  probably because when i was a kid i realised i only needed to learn part of the timestable as long as i could quickly add for minus the number . 
  i was a lazy kid . 
  in the uk the `` french toast '' you describe would be known as eggy bread , and in france as pain perdu ( lost bread ) . 
  also what you called grilled cheese as known as croque monsieur if they have lids , and in the uk at least , cheese on toast if they do n't ( the kind cooked on the grill , which is what you call a broiler ) . 
  canada - it 's like america but better, 
  you 're an anal one are n't you . 
  most chefs do n't give you precise measurements because good chefs go by eye from experience . 
  knobs of butter just means some pieces . 
  like saying a splash of milk or a pinch of flour . 
  actually i hate to break it to you but it 's [ heroine ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/heroine ) and [ heroin ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/heroin ) . 
  hero-een is n't a standard pronunciation . 
  the - e at the end comes from the latin feminine , it 's not a magic - e as we called them ( the kind that turns the vowel into a diphthong ) . 
  english and phonetic orthography do n't mix . 
  if english is n't your native language it 's an entirely understandable mistake to make , and even if it is then you would n't be the first to make it . 
   because it is . 
  this type of absurd absolutism is what makes me think there is something inherently wrong with you . 
  probably why you 're so anal about paper trails too . 
  there are whole industries built on sub-contraction because it 's cheaper , you 're dogmatic and it 's worrying . 
  anyway i have nothing more to say . 
   might get out of a union contract, 
  yes in every case of sub-contraction it 's merely to avoid unions , even in countries and industries where unions are irrelevant . 
   less impossible, 
  that makes no sense . 
   or because they want to be able to fire them whenever they like , that is the only other valid reason . 
  yes of course that 's the only reason . 
   learn some business , man , seriously, 
  rich coming from a moron like you . 
  you literally have no clue about the world or how it works . 
  it 's bloody hilarious to watch you spout these slogans you 've convinced yourself of . 
  seriously get help , get an education in business 101 , you sound comical . 
  honestly let 's drop this conversation , i can only say i 'm glad that anally retentive rigid thinkers like yourself are a dying breed soon to be gone from the world . 
   it 's absolutely impossible for subcontracting to be cheaper than doing it yourself . 
  the same number of people are doing the same amount of work and therefore obvious cost exactly the same , plus profit of the contracting company . 
  unbelievable with what one has to put up on reddit . 
  whoever gave you your qualifications should be ashamed of themselves . 
  why do n't you post your assumption that subcontracting is necessarily more expensive to an economics forums and watch them laugh their fucking heads off . 
  you are complete ignoring any of the possible costs subcontraction can save compared to doing it yourself . 
   people are doing the same amount of work and therefore obvious cost exactly the same, 
  this is a hilarious over simplification that would get you kicked off most economics courses . 
  you are an idiot i 'm afraid . 
  you do n't even have a masters , you 're a rote learning 115 iq jerk off with the creativity of a dead slug , another of reddit 's many people suffering from the dunning-kruger effect . 
  were * not was, 
  saying `` i wish i was rich '' is like saying `` i wish i have n't eaten so much '' , does n't work because it 's indicative . 
  oh dear , i thought subreddits would be yet another one of those things that needs the definite article like so many things in german haha . 
  well if this is it old boy , i hope you do n't mind if i go out speaking the king 's, 
  [ ... never stopped me dreaming ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjqimlfcjsm ), 
  you lack [ our secret weapon ] ( http://www.historyrevealed.com/sites/default/files/imagecache/623px_wide/dreamstime_s_15671376_0.jpg ) lion  eagle, 
  now we 're venturing into the weird part of youtube , [ this was a related video ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxp8qpewsxm ),
