  is that what you call pizza ? 
  looks like an std . 
   there 's no point to it besides subsidising military defence for other nations . 
  that 's not true . 
  the us government gains a lot by having bases over europe . 
  they save costs when engaging in overseas wars , they increase their power projection so countries on the other side of the world fear them and will be more readily influenced politically , they reduce the chances of political relations between countries that host or neighbour those bases and the us turning frosty . 
  essentially the gain power . 
  the average us citizen might not understand this , but the us government does which is why they pump so much into that military budget and refuse to change that even when they need money for healthcare or to rebuild cities or whatever . 
  the only nations that want protecting are the poor old soviet bloc countries that border russia and are still afraid they might try a ukraine on them . 
  this alone is insufficient reason for the us actually to do anything , and if that was the only motivating factor they would n't do it at all . 
   so chinese weapons systems cost the same as ... french ? 
  or american ? 
  the chinese weapons systems are not only vastly inferior , but cost roughly the same or even more in everything besides labour , because the technology required is so advanced , and they have to make so much of it themselves which means more r&d , more failed projects and so on , at least when they do n't simply steal the technology with hacking and spys . 
   they wo n't have aircraft carriers as sophisticated as us , but neither will you when we leave . 
  hang on a second ? 
  you seem to be confusing the us getting the fuck out of europe with europe and the us ceasing to be allies and trade arms with each other . 
  that 's fully retarded . 
  furthermore , half the technology in those air craft carriers was made by companies like bae systems and other european arms manufactures ( europe has a huge arms industry , even pacifist countries like germany and switzerland produce vast amounts of arms ) . 
  your statement is false . 
  if the us left europe , europe would continue to have military technology as good , or almost as good as the us , because the us and europe would continue to trade and co-produce weapons technologies . 
   but to dismiss the fact that the us props up all of nato is ignorant . 
  think of it this way . 
  there 's a village with 20 people in it . 
  some people have big families , others have small families , some live in fancy houses and others more modest houses . 
  now there 's this one family , that also happens to have the most members , and the whole family are survivalists . 
  regardless of how safe things in the town seem they can not stop believing that society is going to collapse tomorrow . 
  the neighbours think its funny that this whole family is convinced that the worst will happen , despite the village never having any trouble in living memory . 
  the big house calls a meeting at the village hall , and says they he thinks they should all start hoarding food in case of trouble . 
  the other villagers , seeing that it 's not entirely foolish to keep some food stored for an emergency , agree that they 'll store some food . 
  however , the big family stores 10 years food , and spends a huge chunk of their yearly earnings to do so . 
  they dig a bomb shelter the size of a house and fill it to the brim with canned meat and long life food . 
  meanwhile , the other families just fill a few cupboards with rations and then go on about their business . 
  the big family then goes around complaining that nobody is spending enough on stocking their emergency supply , and ca n't believe that the other people are so relaxed about it and do n't want to waste their money on something that will probably never happen . 
  that survivalist family is the us , which despite there being no real evidence of danger still complains people are n't being paranoid enough . 
   my whole point is you financially have to support your own military . 
  it is not cheap . 
  your reply seems to agree with me . 
  of course we will sell you an aircraft carrier . 
  but you will have to pay for it . 
  i do n't see the us giving away any aircraft carriers ? 
  it changes nothing regarding european militaries . 
   not even going to get into the whole `` chinese weapons systems are more expensive than american '' thing . 
  we only need look at what kind of value for money the chinese are getting for in their military . 
  the reality is that per dollar the chinese are not getting vastly more bang for their buck than the rest of the western world , which is why the chinese military is not rated higher in terms of its effectiveness . 
   weapon tech is only good for deterrence until bullets start flying . 
  would i prefer an advanced tech bomb or a 20 year old bomb dropped on my house ? 
  how about neither . 
  ask someone losing loved ones to barrel bombs in syria if they are n't afraid because the syrian army is using low tech bombs . 
  or if their family member is ok since the bomb that hit them did n't have advanced guidance systems . 
  except that makes no sense whatsoever . 
  in reality there is no potential enemy nation that could threaten the eu in any real capacity . 
  i 'm not arguing , but i think we have different outlooks on things . 
  i think you still believe that losing the us military in europe would be serious blow for europe , when in reality it would n't make a vast amount of difference for most european countries , they might have to increase spending slightly but that would be it . 
  it 's only places like latvia and estonia that would be really hit but this . 
  at the end of the day the us would still be an ally , and if somewhere did start looking like war might break out policy could be implemented or changed , since it 's not exactly in either areas interest for europe to be invaded or thrown into war . 
  pretty sure the us sent them our way when they decided to fuck up the middle east . 
  you are literally stuck in the 80s , have of a america still thinks reagan is in power . 
  i suppose you 're worried about civil war breaking out in the us too . 
  k m8, 
  the us spends what it spends for its own reasons , not to help anyone . 
  you 're full of crap . 
  for 500 you can get a one room flat warm , 500 cold will get you a flat to raise a family in in many places , not shit places either , major cities . 
  if you 're earning 32k then you 'll be taking well over 20k home after tax . 
  in the us you might get what ? 
  40k dollars for the same job ? 
  then you pay everything yourself , including private hi and a mountain of student debt ? 
  if your friend earns double it 's because he has a better job than you , simple as that . 
  if you look at median income , the us is n't really good at all . 
  lol , sweet summer child . 
  tell that to the people with 200 + days on world of warcraft . 
  k m8 . 
  enjoy lala land . 
  keep getting your image of the world from action films and call of duty , i do n't care . 
  i had a similar problem with a lesbian english teacher . 
  had good grades in english all through my school time , then we had this teacher . 
  suddenly everything in dickens was about the plight of the feminine or dialectics or some bollocks . 
  she 'd pamper all the girls trying to get them to come out of their shells and shoot down any boys for their `` myopic '' and `` shallow '' readings of the texts . 
  it was so obvious that she was trying to compensate for what she perceived as a patriarchal teaching methods and such . 
  lol nice argument . 
  i actually have more like 400 days across all chars : /, 
  yeah what is with that . 
  i feel like they keep putting in these scenes that do n't really serve much purpose . 
  i realise it ca n't be non-stop action , but imo the difference was in the earlier seasons it still felt like every conversation was loaded with important information and subtle character dynamics . 
  now there 's way too many scenes that do n't seem to have a purpose . 
  it 's definitely been a problem in most episodes this season if you ask me . 
  remember tyrion and missandei trying to play a game . 
  remember the long shots of the people building the septon only to get murdered . 
  remember the scenes with the dothraki making jokes about fucking dany in the ass or rating the top 5 things to do in the world ? 
  i understand it ca n't be all action , but the character interactions need to be loaded with drama and intrigue , not just pointless shit that does n't go anywhere . 
  imo it 's not that talking is bad in itself , it 's just the quality of the talking is hit and miss . 
  in earlier seasons it felt like every character interaction was loaded with intrigue and hidden meaning . 
  we still do occasionally get that , but we get too many conversations that lack any real drama as well . 
  a lot of the best scenes in the show are talking scenes , however they were loaded with drama , too much at the moment shows characters during downtime not really developing the plot beyond what we already know . 
  it 's impossible to argue with you , you 've vested so much interest into something completely pointless , there 's no way to snap you back to reality . 
  everyone is bitching about this episode but for me it seemed par for the course this season ( which i reckon is the weakest season to date ) . 
  i think everyone is just pissed because they did n't get any fan service , and fan service seems to be all anyone cares about any more . 
  this episode for me was actually one of the better ones this season , although that 's not saying much . 
  fan services this season = boobs , jon 's resurrection , olly being killed , sansa and jon being reunited , tormund + brienne love interest , hound coming back and so on . 
  seems to be fan service has replaced plot though , because virtually fuck all has actually happened and there has been tonnes of scenes with characters just joking around or shooting the shit with no real drama or intrigue behind it . 
  we all knew jon would come back but the stretched it out for ages , olly was an irrelevant character despite how much we hated him , most of this seasons has been characters sitting around doing nothing , dany only just got back to meereen after 8 episodes , jon and sansa have n't really gone anywhere yet , the hound is doing nothing much except killing a few outlaws , ayra 's story has taken ages and ended with an anti-climax .
