  i would count your blessings to have such a lucrative job at 20 years old . 
  you are just spouting gibberish my friend . 
  a quick look at average earnings for a variety of roles in the us illustrates what an irregularity it is to have floor sales employee 's earning 100k + a year . 
  if someone claims something irregular are n't you allowed to call them out on it and ask for further justification , or am i being too rude for your dainty american sensibilities ? 
  it 's evident that if the op 's claims are accurate he 's very fortunate to be in such a role . 
  additionally , general business techniques are general for a reason , because they generally apply , anything else is an exception . 
  however your spouting about politics and socialism just makes you seem like a stereotypical politically retarded patriot getting up in arms over nothing , making what is a factual matter about vapid ideological differences . 
  if you want to see how us and uk take home pay compares [ here 's a handy chart ] ( http://blog.thesalarycalculator.co.uk/wp-content/visualisations/usukchart.htm ) , as you can see the difference is minimal until you reach higher earners . 
  now please take your `` arrogant pig '' self-righteous `` you need a healthy dose of capitalism '' ideology and go fuck yourself with it , i really do n't think there 's much you could teach the city of london about capitalism . 
  that 's interesting , but out of curiosity would you actually return cash if a customer bought the wrong computer and it turned out it was n't what they wanted ? 
  because in the uk if you bought the wrong computer , say you wanted a computer that would run a certain video game on ultra setting or run xyz programme , and you got it home and you 'd misread the specification and it was n't what you needed then caveat emptor would apply . 
  at best you might get a shop credit return . 
  but fridge space !, 
  surely a contentious issue . 
  raw egg is fine , especially when you live in glorious chicken vaccinating europe . 
  how do you think the boxers and body builders did it in the olden days . 
  this is one for / r/mildlyinteresting , should be titled as `` some mildly interesting stuff that exists in most places bar the majority of the united states but seems more prevalent in china that may peak your curiosity ... or not ... '', 
  ah the zebra crossing , the pinnacle of civilisation , and nowhere more common than in the uk . 
  this is [ corn to me ] ( http://kimberlysnyder.net/blog/wp-content/uploads/2013/08/wheat-procurement.jpg ), 
  not from the third world . 
  from the england . 
  but holy shit going to the usa is weird . 
  mostly visited the west coast , it feels like the whole world is so shiny and plastic . 
  seeing houses painted white with wood boarding and little white picket fences i was like damn people like those a lot . 
  i 've been all around europe but it does n't feel that different . 
  but the us , just miles and miles of endless modern buildingly and shiny stuff . 
  very much uncanny valley territory for a european . 
  i mean it 's not like we do n't have modern stuff in europe but just when it never ends it 's peculiar . 
  his books are just moronic , he starts by basically saying hey , i ca n't get into a proper academic debate with educated people , but here 's some ill thought through pieces of layman 's philosophy and a bunch of examples of how religion has caused bad stuff to happen . 
  if it were that simple religion would n't have defined 5000 years of human history now would it . 
  a populist of the worst calibre . 
  she 's just a young ren\u00e9e zellweger imo , what 's interesting about that ... 
  scrubs ... the best show you 're not watching ... 
  why do you think it 's especially popular in the uk ? 
  it 's the us that goes and makes a cult of it . 
  if anyone is downvoting it 's the quirky teenage tumblrite anglophiles who worship it to be different . 
  honestly i blame america for telling him he 's a genius . 
  it 's just typical bbc crap indeed . 
  bbc tv all has the same bland try hard content . 
  at least channel 4 take a gamble . 
  it 's like the bbc just endlessly churns out this stuff with the same set and costume designers like it 's all made on a formula . 
  grr martin . 
  i do love game of thrones the tv series and the story contained within the books , which i guess makes me love grr martin a bit too . 
  but damn that man is a terrible terrible writer . 
  worst prose style ever , reading him is like hacking through overgrowth with a rusty machete only made bearable by the delicious plot that lies within . 
  oh and the repetition of phrases and metaphors that might just appear 50 times in one book and then disappear when he realises he 's overdone it . 
  `` musts needs '' `` words are wind '' `` useless as nipples on a breastplate '' `` much and more '' `` little and less '' `` i 'm only a young girl who ... '' `` almost a man-grown '' `` nuncle '' `` mayhaps '' `` i am a maiden flowered '' `` moon blood '' christ almighty , if you want to sound archaic just bloody well use archaic language do n't invent annoying bullshit dispersed between syntax that 's only existed the last 50 years ... and stop ending your bloody sentences with `` though '' . 
  i have n't seen the others , but he just seemed out of place in chocolat , probably could have stuck anyone in that role and it would n't have made a jot of difference . 
  glad i 'm not that only one that 's noticed that john bain is objectively a stuck up arsehole . 
  i mean he just drones on and on in his smug manner and people eat it up . 
  ca n't anyone see he 's just a bit of a sad miserable guy who probably does n't even like himself never mind his work . 
  when i learnt he was 29 for christ 's sake , 29 and he started when he was 20 , i thought he was at least 45 . 
  i sense a great deal of schadenfreude in your post , let 's see your l'esprit de l'escalier on that one . 
  seriously though i give a fuck , and so to many other people i imagine . 
  maybe you should broaden your horizons . 
  omg yes , everything he makes is terrible . 
  inception is one of the biggest waste of times i ever saw , the new batmans are long and boring , momento was probably his best and only interesting for about 30 minutes . 
  why ca n't people see his films are n't actually clever or of intellectual merit , they 're making dumb people feel clever , there 's a massive difference . 
  his accent in got is definitely the worst out of everyone . 
  he sounds like a boston brahmin . 
  why would i have to have a background in anything to be able to proclaim my opinion as supreme . 
  you know string theory , fuck that shit . 
  you know imaginary numbers . 
  fuck them . 
  human rights ? 
  more like human shites . 
  seriously this is just typical of the modern consensus is truth mentality , it 's sophistry at its worst . 
  if you 're going to be against something you should damn well pay them the respect of having an in depth knowledge of their arguments . 
  fuck that attitude . 
  what 's written in the grammar books is correct , when it gets amended it 'll change , until then nobody cares . 
  that 's maize . 
  corn is literally just whatever grain or crop is predominant in an area . 
  for example in scotland it 's oats . 
  edit : people downvoting this why do n't you just look it up . 
  i 've seen a fair few places in the us and i know this tbh . 
  but there 's still something inherently alien about the us . 
  i can be standing in belgrade surrounded by people speaking serbian and still feel more like i understand the place than in the us . 
  i guess the feeling is something along the lines of the idea that europe grew whilst america was made . 
  europe was n't planned it slowly developed out of history , america was built through artifice which gives it a sense of structural capriciousness both culturally and literally , heightened also by a sense of encroaching natural chaos when you visit the more rural regions . 
  i guess that 's why it 's the place where allegedly dreams are made and wildness and notions of freedom are highly prized . 
  it 's not like europe does n't change but it 's only through a steady erosion and internalisation of what is new into culture whilst simultaneously trying preserve the cultural identity , the us being less defined is tumultuous in comparison , even after so many hundred of years . 
  not so in the uk . 
  that is corn on the cob . 
  corn is wheat unless specified otherwise . 
  it 's actually indian corn , since that 's what maize was called in the olden days . 
  the corn of the native indians . 
  no it meant something like what 's in more modern english you 'd call cereal . 
  it just happened that to the american indians that was maize , which was called indian corn and got shortened to corn . 
  obviously you do n't know your crops since i posted a picture of wheat . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying at all . 
  who said anything about good . 
  your example just illustrates my point . 
  if someone wrote similar books about war it would be laughed at , military historians spend their whole lives thinking about and studying it . 
  if someone in an irrelevant field wrote a few hundred pages on the matter nobody would read it . 
  do the same for religion and you are projected to international notoriety by people wanting to have something seemingly intellectual to support their personal assumptions but without actually engaging the hundreds of years of hard laboured subject matter that 's been written on the topic . 
  if only successful was the same as best , do n't get me wrong i liked the office and extras but he 's become a bit of a annoying arse in recent years . 
  more space for cheeseburgers and freedom fries !, 
  not jealous just incredulous, 
  i know this , but if you wanted to be unambiguous here you 'd need to say corn on the cob , sweetcorn or maize . 
  the eggecution has begun,
