  the part in dorne was very meh , nothing really happened apart from explanatory dialogue telling us what the plans are for jaime , myrcella and bronn . 
  that scene with ellaria sand being forgiven as the sand snakes looked on what just cringe . 
  the part with ayra just seemed rubbish too . 
  lots of setting up her attempt to kill ser meryn , yes yes he 's a pedo , big deal . 
  do we really care about him or what happens to arya . 
  no action just her following a few people around . 
  finally the big fight pit scene , maybe the only part where i was really hyped . 
  however the dialogue leading up to it seemed rather corny , danys lovers arguing over some stupid shit about big men or quick men . 
  i must say i like the way they did it compared to the book , the book seemed a bit wishy washy there . 
  but it was let down but the fact that dany seemed a lot more passive in this interpretation . 
  mormont 's fight scene seemed predictable too . 
  seeing dany on drogon was the best part and then of course it ended . 
  it was all just was just a predictable and setting stuff up . 
  no boltons/sansa , minimal jon and no cersei . 
  they 're probably saving all the good stuff for the finale but it does n't excuse a predictable episode like this . 
  edit : downvote me for having a opinion ... upvote stannis no longer the mannis jokes . 
  well it seems to me that it will have to be rushed , no idea how they 're going to leave just with satisfying round ups for arya , jon , cersei , sansa and bolton/stannis . 
  i 'm assuming we wo n't be seeing much of dany or dorne in the next episode . 
  also where the fuck is littlefinger ? 
  i mean they could 've done so much with this episode and still had a tonne of material left for the finale . 
  instead i feel like we only round up on dany and waaay too much time was spent on rounding up dorne ( ffs we do n't care about ellaria sand ) , they could 've spent 3 minutes telling us what would happen to jaime , bronn and myrcella and moved on . 
  going to move into a spoiler territory now so stop reading here if you need to . 
  [ all books + speculation ] ( #b `` so now they need to do the following . 
  sansa : attempt escape or she 'll be left in winterfell until next season , not to mention brienne . 
  bolton + stannis : stannis needs to attack winterfell or he 'll sitting in a field until next season , likewise the boltons need to be attacked or they 'll just be sitting in winterfell until next season . 
  cersei : walk or she 'll be just locked in the sept dungeons until next season . 
  ayra : kill meryn and find out faceless men 's reaction or she 'll be pushing an oyster cart around until next season . 
  jon : send sam away and for the watch or nothing really will have happened there , i think we can assume the pink letter wo n't be part of the show . 
  how on earth are they going to do this in one episode . 
  why the fuck would they waste so much time in the penultimate episode on unnecessary plot build up when they could be nailing some of this shit . 
  either the finale is going to be rushed or they 're going to have surprise us all and do some things totally differently or we 're going to walk away from the season feeling dissatisfied '' ), 
  i agree , just seemed dumb to me . 
  seems everyone ` sin a circle jerk, 
  i 'm sorry because your points are just moronic . 
  you 're totally ignoring everything i 'm saying and just making up your own interpretation . 
   so fucking what ? 
  if it 's a restaurant , people will order food anyway , and more often than not , something like wine or beer on top of the complimantary water . 
  arguably less so which is bad for business . 
  you can deny this if you want , but i and many others disagree . 
   in a club , pretty much nobody goes there to drink only water . 
  serving them water inbetween alcoholic drinks allows them to last all night and not pass out too soon from getting too drunk . 
  and less puke . 
  this is n't about giving water to sick / drunk people , obviously that 's a given . 
  this is about the expectation to be given table water anywhere you want just because you asked with no mitigating factors , just because you want it . 
   which is n't how reality works at all . 
  that 's your opinion buddy . 
  enough people disagree in various countries that free water legislation has been shot down before . 
   this has nothing to do with free water . 
  no it was responding to your other point about free drinks with meals . 
   let 's put it this way . 
  should restaurants also give up toilets ? 
  it would surely be economical , right ? 
  you still do n't get it for fucks sake . 
  virtually everywhere people care about access to toilets so it will factor into their decision . 
  also toilet access is a greater public health concern than whether you can have a jug of tap water on your table with your meal . 
  if you 'd noticed many smaller places like caf\u00e9s do n't have customer toilets , why because people do n't care about their provision in smaller places like this ... you sound just like an american bitching because he has to pay for the toilet in some european train station . 
   what about chairs ? 
  no , chairs , more profit , and you can fit more people in ? 
  same principle people care about chairs . 
   what 's your obsession with trying to maximise somebody else 's profits ? 
  why not turn off the heat and airconditioning while you are at it ? 
  what ` sit to you ? 
  well actually i know a few restaurateurs and almost all of them are operating on a shoe string , just about cutting a living from it . 
  why should n't i care about keeping the cost of eating out down ? 
  it 's culturally valuable to have a thriving restaurant scene . 
  if you believe most restaurants are run by corporate fat cats you 'd be wrong . 
   serving customers water is customer service . 
  no it 's not by any measure . 
  customer service is to do with how the staff comport themselves towards customers . 
  free water is a material extra . 
  some cultures love getting free stuff , in the us they 'll bring you free water and bread and nibbles and the customer may feel more appreciated for it . 
  other cultures do n't agree with this and think it 's vapid , because there is no such thing as a free lunch you 're just paying for these extras on top of the things you elect to purchase . 
   or maybe it 's the law ? 
  yes , and ? 
  it 's not the law in many other countries . 
   apparently you do ... 
  no i really do n't . 
  but you should have the decency to respect that different cultural norms prevail in different societies and not bitch about it and assume your way is inherently better ( as you seem to be suggesting ) . 
  i just prefer getting free water . 
  if you you think it 's arrogant to not pay , you can still pay extra in finland for your water if you want to . 
  i just do n't get why you want water to cost . 
  i 've explained it to you about three times now . 
  if profit is lost by putting water on every table that profit will be made up elsewhere . 
  i 'd rather have cheaper things that i do want , rather than free water jugs that i might not want . 
  do n't be a typical redditor and say `` strawman '' because you think it sounds smart . 
   how is it not `` appropriate '' ? 
  this is just like saying `` healthcare can never work in us , because reasons . 
  people do n't want it , nothing can ever change . '', 
  it 's not remotely like healthcare in the us . 
  healthcare is an ethical issue . 
  free tap water on your table is not an ethical issue . 
  we 've already covered that if you have a reason to need tap water here it will be provided ( e.g drunk / health ) . 
  it 's just not usual to have a jug of tap water on your table with a meal here . 
  what this is more comparable to is going to some new country and being unable to buy peanut butter , when 99.9 % of people in that country do n't eat peanut butter , why should a supermarket operate at a loss stocking peanut butter when there is n't demand for it ? 
  likewise why should countries where free tap water with meals is n't a thing provide just because your foreign ass expects it ? 
   would you like to have free warter or would you like to pay for it ? 
  you are really suggesting you 'd rather pay ? 
  i actually do n't mind either way of doing things . 
  however it 's ignorant to say there are no arguments for each . 
  if i have to pay i know that there are benefits to that way of doing things in that restaurants sell more mineral water , people buy more drinks generally , and therefore their margins will be slightly lower .
