  you should consider a career translating yoot spk to the queen 's !, 
  wow has nobody figured this out yet, 
  tray bee air, 
  i do n't think they do , just some people find it helps . 
  the whole forest looking at her . 
  like if you are one of the few people in this generation that likes good games !, 
  face it , in the future generations of squeakers are going to choose to like zelda just to be different just like they currently worship queen and the beatles :(, 
  exactly !, 
  i ca n't believe these fucking idiots , do n't they know this subreddit is exclusively for things that happened with at least 430 % certitude . 
  there 's no riiiight about it . 
  i 've seen a few of the things you 've written . 
  hilarious malapropisms . 
  misreadings of philosophers . 
  you are the emperor and you undoubtedly have no clothes . 
  dude it 's a squirrel , not only that it 's a tiny squirrel ( at least compared to the ones we have here ) . 
  i do n't think from an evolutionary standpoint it 's top priority . 
  the affected posh uni accent sounds ridiculous though . 
  they just end up sounding like the poseurs off made in chelsea . 
  also he will nuke everyone if you give him the opportunity ... 
  dem [ memories ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxypfdvumze ) :*(, 
  why would we when we 've got the original ... seriously though everything i know about new england is from hp.lovecraft, 
  as an englishman the things that shocked me were ... 
  - people talking to me , people in shops , people in the street , it totally took me back every time someone spoke . 
  - more smiling in shops too , sometimes this is wearisome but not really a bad thing, 
  - corn syrup , damn this stuff is like crack , and the come down is just as bad, 
  - ridiculous portions , people are mentioning the xl size , yeah these were pretty shocking , but what was even more shocking is that even a medium is like a british xl , so generally more stuff across the board . 
  - loud people , sure we have loud people , but they 're probably being loud due to not being the type of person who cares what others think , some americans just seem to be loud without even knowing . 
  - the american culture in general . 
  i think europeans have a distinct sense of cultural nationalism which is like the glue of society , the things that are `` common knowledge '' in england or france for example are british or french modes of thought , the understandings that are taken for granted are implicit to all natives ( that does n't mean they all agree of course ) . 
  each european country is different in this regard , but we are all inevitably bound by the cultural frameworks that have developed throughout history . 
  america is different , what it is that americans find common ground over is of a different nature to that europeans do . 
  europeans are inevitably doomed to their nationality by fate , being american is much more a positive affirmation , it leads to some quite endearing eccentricities ( and perhaps occasionally less positive jingoism ) . 
  i think in earlier times americans were more conscious of their need to distinguish themselves from europe and therefore there 's a kind of focus on the american way of doing things . 
  the pride with which americans will tell you about how things work in the usa is very foreign to me ( by the way i 'm not talking about foreign policy or politics or anything , just regular ordinary day to day stuff ) . 
  english people will slate britain and the british `` way '' to all and sundry , the only exception is if they catch an outsider criticising it at which point they defend it to the death . 
  for this foggy albion will not stand, 
  just make sure to build your fences high !, 
  edit : people might want to watch [ this clip of a yorkshireman ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scelaxmcvis&amp;t=22s ) for a sound of the now extinct yorkshire dialect ( not the same as the accent ) . 
  people in game of thrones just talk like normal people by my standards . 
  that 's just a normal british regional accent haha, 
  well his original accent would have been yorkshire though !, 
  it 's because england pioneered indoor plumbing , and in those early days boilers were n't as sealed or as safe as they are today . 
  it was possible back then for rats to get stuck inside poorly maintained boilers and drown , decomposing in the tank and contaminating the water . 
  for this reason for a long time separate taps were required by law . 
  due to these hygiene concerns mixer taps did n't start to gain popularity til the 20th century as boilers became safer . 
  however because the uk already had huge amounts of plumbing infrastructure in place , and i also imagine partially because once people get it in their mind that something is more hygienic they 'll often stick with it even when official sources tell them it 's ok , the uk was reluctant to make the swap . 
  theoretically these days nobody should be installing separate taps in the uk anymore , and you 'll find most commercial places do not do so these days . 
  however in when it comes to people 's bathrooms opinion is split , new houses will often have mixers by default , but there is still a large market for separated style faucets so some people either prefer separate or are n't bothered about changing . 
  it also gives options like having very old refurbished brass taps and such . 
  yeah this , anyone who was n't there at the time would probably underestimate the legendary status of the original playstation , it was everywhere . 
  in the meanwhile we 'd had the n64 as well which was also very popular . 
  even back then , the last time sega seemed relevant was with the megadrive which was fair competition to the snes , but felt like ancient history by the time the dreamcast came out . 
  sega really made terrible decisions back then . 
  that 's not true , [ this clip ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z1_jkdbwunu ) of idris elba sounds like he 's not even trying for an american accent half the time, 
  this comment needs [ a soundtrack ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ombxvfqtuvi ) . 
  i ca n't really understand what you want , you have learnt the declension right ? 
  the hardest part is knowing what gender the noun is imo . 
  let 's just put it this way , i 'm no longer an undergraduate ... 
  seriously though , it 's probably not cancer , you can get floating swellings out of nowhere and also swelling on the balls themselves from injuries like getting hit in the balls , these can go unnoticed for years . 
  you need to insist on an ultrasound though . 
  it 's funny , but when i amended the terms of each available account to be fair and reasonable i was laughed out of every bank i went to . 
  statistically 18 is quite normal , more normal than 16 i 'd think . 
  neither can you , it 's a `` licence '' , `` license '' is a verb, 
  they are free to tell themselves that if they wish . 
  i 'm well aware this is `` official '' in america . 
  we still do n't have to acknowledge it as a valid change , it 's not even a proper change to the language it 's merely the omission of a perfectly good grammatical rule . 
  in orthographical circles , yes, 
  i thought cordial only applied to posh flavours like lime , pear and elderflower . 
  while squashes were those vile sugar free dilution concoctions parents would always give you as a kid . 
  to call a cheap `` orange-flavoured '' squash a cordial would seem pretentious to me , it only gets to be called a cordial if an adult could possibly elect to drink it by choice . 
  cool story . 
  i love it when people shove sources in people 's face like that makes it true . 
  i do n't care what merriam-webster says , i do n't acknowledge your changes . 
  deal with it !, 
  ergh i know that was n't merriam-webster . 
  i only mention that because it 's the official ame source , not fucking wikipedia . 
  sources can only give substantial evidence that something is true when it 's a question of fact . 
  i 'm perfectly free to not acknowledge ame as valid spellings as israel is perfectly free not to acknowledge the existence of palestine . 
  your know-it-all attitude is boring . 
  because i 'm free to do so , and i 'm being deliberately obstinate and stubborn . 
  what can i say . 
  dialects are cool , i just i hold out that written language should be uniform !, 
  except to them it would be a bumbag . 
  i disagree , despite all that there are plenty of english speaking nations who despite vastly differing dialects and vocabularies all managed to maintain the same spellings for a very long time . 
  the only disrupting factor now of course is ame which , if it did n't exist , would mean they 'd be a universally uniform official spelling for all words in the english language . 
  i 'm a statist in the sense i honestly believe that a relatively strong central government and centralised national bank with sound policies is the optimal form of society . 
  does n't mean i 'm not also a socialist in the sense i believe in a fair rate of taxation that provides a welfare state for those in need and universal healthcare for all citizens . 
  or that i 'm not a libertarian in the sense i think people should not be thrown into prison for stupid petty things like cannabis and i believe that people should have their freedoms preserved in society . 
  or that i 'm not a conservative in the sense that i want people to get value for money from their taxes and there to be favorable conditions for business growth . 
  i 'm not angry in the slightest , to be honest i started this whole affair with a somewhat tongue in cheek attitude , the real point being to wind up the poster who had commented on the spelling shown in this particular cringe pic , but all the downvotes made me feel as if i had to commit lest it be thought my opinion were swayed by imaginary internet points . 
  it is true that i prefer bre spelling and think ame spellings are an unnecessary simplification that looks ugly on paper , but frankly it 's hardly top of my priorities . 
  i figured it was the other way around , people say ancient people were idiots therefore all the things they claimed happened are obviously entirely creative works of fiction they wrote when taking shrooms with absolutely no basis in fact because we know these things are impossible . 
  no , just no . . 
  this wo n't work  as , if you do n't watch , you might accidentally say something that has been said before in the history of qi , at which point nobody will believe you do n't watch anyway . 
  the only option is list all the facts in qi ever , and then systematically delete them from your brain ... 
  the notion that somehow the people at the bottom of society are to blame for the uk 's financial woes is the product of complete fallacy . 
  given the wealth of the uk we should easily be able to afford to keep jsa and benefits as they were . 
  the recession has almost nothing to do with benefits , and everything to do with financial mismanagement on behalf of the executive classes . 
  it 's a complete myth that its every irresponible jsa claiming chav on the corner 's or single benefit claiming mother 's fault that we 've had to tighten our belts in recent years . 
  but it 's a very common scapegoat in our society because people use things like this to vent their frustration , to froth at the mouth talking about their tax money and the scroungers bleeding the uk dry , these people are usually the very same who bought some ridiculously overpriced 3 bedroom detached in some oversold middle class utopia on a variable rate mortgage without a penny down in 2005 , on the basis that you ca n't lose with property and defaulted in 2007/8 .
