  first type - customer facing jobs that require english that can be done by a non-native speaker . 
  e.g low stakes jobs , most tech support jobs , most jobs that involve selling to non-native speakers in english ( as you said , selling from roumania to finland in euro-business english ) . 
  in germany these jobs are all being done by germans with the typical c1-ish level of english that you might expect from a german employed to work in english . 
  these jobs are already done by non-britons , so it 's not like germany 's level of english threatens those jobs , they 're already abroad . 
  second type - jobs that require a native level of english to achieve them . 
  this is what the uk 's advantage is , and there is no chance in hell that germany will threaten this any time soon . 
  germans are good at english but the vast majority never achieve anything like this level . 
  of maybe 100 decent english speaking germans maybe 4-5 will achieve this level , and it 's this level of job that the english speaking nations have a market on . 
  it 's really just silly to think that germany 's english could threaten this as it stands . 
  not to mention the fact that germany is n't remotely the best non-native european nation at speaking english . 
  i did n't specify it because i thought it were obvious that england 's advantage is in native english speaking and not just generally being able to speak the language . 
  nobody is employing britons for those jobs anyway . 
   ( and still : there are no british brokers hiring a native german speaker when they try to sell a product . 
  why is that ? ), 
  do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  there definitely are people hiring native german speakers when it comes to british firms selling to the german market , sure it 's a bit more niche . 
  honestly i think british firms tend to mostly poach these people directly from germany as it stands rather than look for them in the uk . 
  i 'll also add that speaking a language well enough to be sold to is n't quite the same as speaking a language well enough to sell in it . 
  formal logic and `` if exists '' syntax are virtually the same thing . 
  this is what people are missing . 
  most britons have n't the foggiest what the average level of english is in germany . 
  combining both would be ideal educational programming . 
  she 's claiming to be the judge , she could at least cite some fucking laws rather than just shout at them . 
  i 'm not denying that germans speak great english ... relatively . 
  of all the non-english speaking nations they are up there . 
  ultimately i 'm just saying that the uk 's market has been on native speaking and germany wo n't be encroaching on that any time soon . 
  you are wrong to correct this , the preposition `` at '' makes this require an adjective . 
  it 's perfect grammatical to use the gerund phrase `` being really good at english '' . 
  the moment i entered adulthood we had a global recession due to the boomer 's pure irresponsibility with the housing market . 
  now i 'm at the stage where i 'm meant to be earning and they 've voted for economic turmoil . 
  so easy for these selfish bastards who are already set up for the rest of their lives to say things like `` it 'll be worth it in the end '' . 
  by the way things look i 'll already be middle aged before we get any decent economic prosperity and too old to climb the ladder . 
  no they wanted constantly rising house prices without end , they also wanted easy access to loans that they could n't afford long term . 
  it 's a collective lack of prudence within that entire generation ( not that newer generations are any better ) . 
  yes , but honestly i always intended to return to the uk , so i 'm speaking from the perspective of uk career prospects and economic prosperity . 
  you 're quite right though , if i stay out ( if i can ) it wo n't affect me much . 
  there just are n't any positives i can think of . 
  that 's the dumbest thing about it . 
  maybe if we sign some deals with the us and china the price of goods will drop a bit , but this will also mean mean job losses when certain companies fail to adapt to new market conditions . 
  yeah , i realise it 's not all bad and that every generation , even if they 're on some ways materially poorer , are richer as they have access to newer technology , better medicine etc. 
  i will say though that the area that i think we 're going really wrong in is that we 're reducing the majority of people 's stake in society , and think this is a real underlying part of the alt-right . 
  what we forget is what matters is n't the objective reality but how people feel . 
  people feel poorer than ever because they feel less part of the world . 
  globalisation and increasing corporatism that begins to blur the lines between public and private sector are at the root of this . 
  i 'll be buying my food from the eu thanks . 
  i think burger sauce is more of a `` ethnic preference '' to put it tactfully . 
  it seems to be something that 's more associated with kebab shops and chicken shops , and does n't really have anything to do with either traditional british chippies or american style burger places . 
  doubt you 'd find a source but the first time it was really picked up on in popular culture was with [ this rather silly sketch show with an entirely asian cast ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1gw3eqfcigo ) . 
  obviously it was in use before then or it would n't have been funny when they picked up on it . 
  i would say that it was that sketch that brought to the public consciousness though . 
  i remember shortly afterwards everyone was saying it and it was around this time , late 90s when the concept of a `` chav '' was starting to hit the public consciousness too . 
  again , people were saying chav in certain parts of the uk long before that , but what we 're talking about is the popularisation of these ideas . 
  the fact that the sketch popularised might be why some people see it as asian originated thing . 
  that said , i think people in places like essex ( or various other regional dialects ) were saying `` innit '' long before this sketch , but it was used slightly differently to strictly mean `` is n't it ? 
  '' , whereas it in popular usage it came to be overused more like an exclamation to express positive sentiment . 
  there are lots of good ways to do it . 
  for example , picture rounds and music rounds are a good way to avoid it . 
  arse or elbow is obviously a joke round . 
  no they 're not . 
  googleable sure , easily no . 
  a song with recognisable lyrics can be googled , but otherwise you have to shazam the songs , but you have to use your phone near the music source , and you have to conceal that which is liable to muffle the sound , there 's also generally a lot of background noise in a pub too . 
  you 're probably not going to get a clear enough recording for the audio comparison software . 
  photo round would be very hard to google too . 
  you 'd need to get a clear photo of the image that matched in terms of things like colour composition and image composition , which is much harder than simply googling a question . 
  yes , you could sneak the pictures to the toilet with you and do a bit of fucking around , but it 's logistically far more complicated . 
  depends on the quiz , but at the ones i attend you 're not getting perfect sound quality because of people coughing and drinks being served . 
  also , there 's a big difference between uploading your images directly , and taking a photo of a crappy photocopy and expecting that to get the same results . 
  generally people put their wheels on the curb but only if you can leave enough space on the sidewalk for prams and wheelchairs . 
  at least that 's how it was around me . 
  i think they should of gone for a simple positive message stressing that europe are our friends and showcasing all the ways that working together benefits us , with a focus on showing that the other nations of europe show good will to us and highlighting the strong cultural ties we share . 
  this would point out that while brexit would n't mean `` leaving europe '' it would be a vote for greater distance between us and fellow eu member states . 
  i think the a key from was allowing the eu to be portrayed as an arcane and remote authority , and doing nothing to counter this . 
  the message people got was that the only good thing anyone can manage to say about the eu is that it benefits the economy , but to many people `` the economy '' is just another remote and arcane thing that rich people and the educated elite care about . 
  this strategy seems like faint praise to many people . 
  i mean i would have gone really for people emotional side , maybe using a slogan like `` thank eu '' in reference to all the economic benefit the eu brings . 
  i 'm talking a new labour level of cheese . 
  the ultimate goal would be humanising the eu through the ideal of pan european cooperation and prosperity it represents , with the aim of making people feel more forgiving towards a sometimes imperfect eu . 
  an all out war of opposition sentiment to counter the negative picture of the eu the eurosceptics were portraying, 
  basically taking the completely opposite approach to what they actually did do , which was make a very matter of fact negative economic argument and expect the british people to be wise enough to realise this time they were n't actually lying . 
  the problem imo is that cameron and those around him are all good traditionalist middle/upper class tories and thus they think like good middle/upper class tories . 
  what they 'd failed to account for was that the working classes had taken up a different ideal of what it meant to be tory , and that many in working class on both left and right were finding middle ground over sovereignty and immigration issues . 
  they thought people voted the conservatives into power because they are the party that represents economy and therefore saw it as highly unlikely that those same people would n't vote with their wallets . 
  consequently most of the good , educated , middle class , economy focused tories who think like cameron did vote to remain , but the rest of the tory party , the low income pensioners , the lower middle class economically aspirational skilled labourers , the middle england traditionalists , all did n't . 
  and they were joined by a fair number of old school leftist traditionalists to who wanted to lash out against the neoliberal economic and political consensus that had seemed to have emerged between blair 's , brown 's , and milliband 's labour and cameron 's conservative party / the coalition . 
  honestly it 's a fascinating political blunder and i 'm sure it will studied historically as an example of just how wrong a major party can get it . 
  yeah i do n't think that 's the same . 
  also those are very distinct images that will be in tonnes of commercial databased and have quite a unique pattern . 
  try it with a random picture of a celebrity taken from a magazine and i think it wo n't be that effective . 
   uk , france , and germany , can live peacefully and always remember use 's sacrifice and his badass fight against islam . 
  one week later and the uk is trying to brexit the union , france is on strike , and germany is training pilots under the guise of glider lessons . 
  fair enough that 's pretty impressive . 
  i wonder how well it handles black and white . 
  lol i honestly do n't no why i said that . 
  i now feel ashamed . 
  i 'm not resident in the uk and this stuff occasionally happens . 
  i 'll go and do some rosaries in front of a picture of the queen . 
  yes , because ordinary people care about copyright law . 
  you are right that britons moving to the eu have mostly been educated . 
  this is due to most european countries being protective of their working class employment sectors . 
  there is much less equivalency in vocational skills and qualifications .
