  from what i remember the neanderthals were very much hunter gather tribes and the homo sapiens had comparatively more sophisticated social structures . 
  what happened to ringo starr . 
  just sounds wrong without him . 
  guess they redubbed for american audiences , how disappointing . 
  i 've read wells talk about it in his blog . 
  his opinion is that most of the phonetic qualities we use to identify accents stuff like as the length of vowels , the positioning of vowels , the shape and length of diphthongs , tend to be lost ( or at least made so inconsistent and different from speaking that they 're no longer recognisable ) . 
  combine this with some extremely popular genres that were heavily influenced by american bands and you 've got why some people think all singing sounds american . 
  i 'd also wager that because singing is a far more consciously learnt process particularly distinct regionalism tend to be left behind , and when they 're not it 's highly noticeable e.g lilly allen mockney , the clash , and the arctic monkeys . 
  i 'm curious as to whether any of you long streak guys actually find that it helps you with you language ability . 
  once i completed my german tree i started looking to other sources to improve the depth and breadth of my understanding of the language . 
  sure duolingo has quite a range but it wo n't get you into prose or writing highly complex multi clause sentences . 
  at some point surely you 're just doing this `` for the streak '' rather than to actually go further with the language . 
  sure it 's good revision , it keeps you 're foot in the language , but it 's surely no longer pushing you . 
  should note that the replacement cities and the cities they replace are nowhere near equivalent in gdp . 
  they 've simply put the highest gdp city from the relevant european nation where the highest gdp city in the area of america that is equivalent in gdp to that nation is ( horrible sentence i know but i ca n't think of a better way to phrase it ) . 
  you 'd need to put a fuck load of german cities together to create a city with a gdp equivalent to that of la for example ( due to the german economy being relatively decentralised ) . 
  i thought that but it seems quite close and depends on the metric . 
  not quite sure how chicago with 2.8 million people manages to match london 's 8.5 ish million , but that 's what the wiki says . 
  yeah we 're going to need a little bit more from you if we 're to answer your question , foremost because most tefl issues are not framed in terms that rely on a more formal logic view of the world , and very few tefl teachers have experience with such material . 
  certainly the idea that natural language can be boiled down to truth conditions i.e propositional statements , is reductive . 
  as is the notion that entailment can be readily defined . 
  of course most natural language can be analysed in these terms , but the idea that it 's a simple application of these concepts is naive . 
  you try analysing a sentence like `` the newly forming majority bent to the whims of authority '' in a way that does render the sentence completely alien from the phenomenological character of its meaning , and if you can i 'll eat my hat . 
  honestly i 'm not quite sure what you 're asking . 
  do learners often get the causal direction of statements wrong ? 
  yes . 
  do learners create sentences would be interpreted as having an opposition causal direction by a native speakers ? 
  yes , they do . 
  do speakers sometimes misinterpret words such as to hold certain statements to be true when by their standard meaning they 're not , and certain statements to be false when according to their standard meaning they 're not ? 
  yes , of course they do . 
  however , this is n't due to their believing false propositions , but rather due to their misinterpretation of signifiers leading them to believe that certain signifiers represent certain propositions with certain truth conditions despite their not doing so . 
  all competent speakers are capable of realising true propositions in their native tongues . 
  this is the level at which english teachers work . 
  it 's implicit that the meaning of a word is graspable by the learner who already has a language , there 's no complex discussion of truth conditions . 
  and usually students are quick to grasp those conditions when they 're not confused by what the word signifies . 
  ultimately as language teachers we 're often removed from meaning that lies behind language , we mostly deal with relationship of signifiers with other signifiers e.g i might tell my students that `` during '' must be followed by a noun phrase whereas `` while '' can be followed by a clause , but i rely on the fact that my students are human beings of normal intelligence for them to understand the semantic value of a noun or a clause , the student need n't understand that a clause consists of a predicate or have any explicit understanding of semantic value to correctly speak the language . 
  imo civil law courts are better but common law is a better system of law . 
  this ultimately comes down to my political disposition , and my position is entirely ideological ( insofar as there are plenty of exceptions to the rule , in regard to what i 'm about to say , in practice ) . 
  the problem with the common law tradition is that it focuses so much on restraining the power of the judiciary when it comes to the facts of a case that is becomes very susceptible to the problems power dynamics and financial inequality . 
  if your lawyer is bad or inexperienced then the judge can not do anything to but watch you crash and burn , his purpose is to act as the authority in the court regarding matters of law . 
  this also means that people who ca n't afford good lawyers are disadvantaged . 
  likewise juries are highly susceptible to manipulation that does n't remotely attempt to be objective . 
  a judge can only idly sit by while a jury sentences an innocent man or finds an innocent man guilty . 
  judges can do little more than offer recommendations and point things out that the jury might have missed , but most of what the jury take away ( and what is said ) is a product of the interaction of the prosecution and the defence . 
  another huge problem with common law is that the appointment of judges is inherently political . 
  they are little more than successful lawyers who 've climbed the pile and made the right friends . 
  however , common law , as a system of law arising from precedent , and thus mostly responding to the attempts of judges to apply abstract legal ideals to an ever changing and adapting world is , in my opinion , a good one . 
  codified law ( a facet of civil law ) is dangerous in that it gives law makers ( solely the government in this case , legislature and executive ) , so much power over the nuance of how the law is applied and thus how society is shaped . 
  i have little faith in any government 's capacity to produce law in a timely and effective manner that really takes into considerations and needs of the parties the law affects . 
  i 'm no libertarian , i 'm not against government itself , but i think giving the judiciary the law to shape the law is a far more effective system in many ways . 
  also codified law is also massively boring and byzantine for the most , and incredibly self-referential , whereas common law is more interesting as you get to see legal principles being shaped through the narrative of history itself . 
  that said , most studies have found that civil law produces better material justice i.e fewer false convictions , more consistent punishment etc. 
  personally a think a civil law court with a common law system would be most effective , but sadly it 's very hard to simply change to common law ( due to its historical nature ) without simply ripping off the laws of another nation ( kinda like the us did :p ), 
   on the other hand , i think first , that the judge has got too much power in common law . 
  it 's almost like a dictator in a certain sense because his power is n't really limited as it is in civil law . 
  you say this , but a common law judge 's authority is limited to matters of law , he has the power to dismiss a certain line of argument or embrace ( and often inconsistently ) , but he does n't have the power to investigate matters of fact . 
  arguably , being both the authority of matters of law , and actively playing a part in the establishment of matters of fact , a civil law judge has more power . 
  common law judges have more power over the law but they are far less able to determine the outcome of specific cases . 
  that said , i do think civil law tends to produce better judges and better material justice , whereas common law tends to produce better more nuanced law . 
  bloody french, 
  in almost every way possible . 
  typically in most civil law judges actually directly cross examine witnesses to establish matters of fact . 
  with that they then make a decision of the veracity of claims etc. 
  yes , they take direction from the legal council present but they 're in charge . 
  none of that is part of common law practice . 
  the prosecution and defence examine witnesses , the veracity of someone 's guilty is established by a jury of peers . 
  yeah it probably does have to do with corporations . 
  interestingly i heard, 
  that certain parts of london taken in isolation have the highest gdp per capita of anywhere in the world in that they 're the most concentrated areas of wealth you 'll find anywhere . 
  that said chicago is home to a huge amount of us domestic wealth so that 's what ' put it into the same ball park . 
  asides japan and saudi arabia , all the wealth seems to revolve around germanic cultures . 
  it does seem strange that the centre of economy always focuses around north west europe and lands settled principally by their peoples . 
  i mean yes , you can say history is the reason , but why did history go this way rather than some other direction . 
  i mean what is it about gauls , celts , franks , nordics , saxons , angles , jutes etc that made the course of history run in their favour rather than some other part of the world . 
  it 's a completely different meaning of `` civil law '' . 
  `` civil law '' here means a legal tradition that stemmed from the romans by which laws are codified by the legislature and executive ( assisted by the civil service ) . 
  `` civil law '' in common law countries is a reference to non-criminal law , law that involves two parties that have some issue they need to settle that does not have to constitute a criminal act ( although sometimes it 's both , in which case you have two separate cases ) . 
  it 's confusing but let 's face it , the law is confusing , if it were n't people would n't get paid six figures for being experts in it . 
  well chilean law sounds a bit different , for in most civil law system it 's the judge ( or rather `` a judge '' from a tribunal of multiple judges , usually a mix of lay judges and professional judges ) who cross examines witnesses . 
  they take direction from the prosecution and defence but are free to decide which line of inquiry they want to push hardest and when they feel satisfied there 's nothing further to discover . 
   there 's a maximum number of witnesses . 
  not the case in most civil law countries , to deny a witness the stand on account of number alone seems completely arbitrary and could lead to poorer material justice . 
   witnesses who are not in the provided list ca n't be cross examined unless under extraordinary circumstances . 
  but you can just resubmit that list later in the trial and bring more witnesses forward . 
  again , preventing witnesses from being heard in court simply because their name was n't on a list when it was submitted seems like an arbitrary dismissal and would make it harder to expose the facts of the case ( which is the civil law judge 's traditional role ) . 
   the court assistant ( or judge ) asks the questions but they 're limited by the written submission , so they basically just repeat what the submission says -- they ca n't go beyond what 's established in said submission . 
  this seems absurd . 
  in most civil law courts the judge ( or whoever cross examines ) has the freedom to ask questions he feels pertinent to the line of inquiry as to clarify the facts of the matter . 
  yes the judge has to ask what the prosecution / defence has submitted ( unless he dismisses the line of inquiry ) . 
  if he 's purely restricted to what is written down then he wo n't get a clear view of the facts . 
  he ca n't just go entirely rogue and start asking whatever he wants , but he can choose how to pursue the inquiry to better furnish his understanding of the facts in most countries . 
   the court assistant ( or judge ) can only ask the witnesses questions which are not in the submission in order to clarify a specific statement . 
  which is itself a huge freedom that common law judges simply do n't have . 
  common law judges rarely ask witnesses anything at all . 
  they 'll talk to legal council directly . 
  they can stop a line of inquiry they feel is invalid , but they ca n't positively ask questions if they feel some pertinent piece of information is lacking , that 's the legal council 's job . 
   the weight given to the testimony is n't decided freely by the judge . 
  there are rules set forth in the procedural civil code which establish the weight that has to be given to a certain testimony under different circumstances . 
  this is no different from how a common law judge might dismiss one lawyers argument in one case , and accept another lawyers argument in another case despite the legal situations being virtually identical . 
  they are interpreting an abstract set of rules and applying them to the matter at hand , and their judgement is a huge part of that .
