  really do n't know why you 'd find it weird ? 
  maybe it 's the holding hands ? 
  is that less common where you 're from ? 
  why does this never get old ? 
  defies the laws of the internet i tells ya ... 
  why would you edit that ;( stop stealing our - t 's, 
  b-b-b-but it 's gold / platinum plated ... 
  i know all these can be explained in terms of anthropomorphic bias , but how to you explain existence itself , rather than pointing at features of existence and assuming a creator ? 
  that is why does something existence rather than nothing ? 
  also why does this something contain such great variation and diversity ? 
  rather than say a universe of uniform grey goo . 
  this itself can not be anthropomorphic bias since it is n't pointing at features of existence that are suitable for us , just a general feature . 
  to demonstrate this , had the sun been further from the earth then life could 've developed differently and religious folk could have just as easily pointed to this feature and said `` proof of a creator '' , yet had the universe been a single infinite block of lead without any variation within itself then the conditions for life simply would n't exist . 
  i 'm not religious but if there were ever a question that gave a modicum of support for modes of religious thought ( although not any one religious doctrine ) , there it is ... 
  why not ? 
  seems like a valid question , in that it can be sensibly asked . 
  you ca n't just assert that without providing a reasoned argument . 
  you just asserted a load of things and gave zero justification . 
  neither are you asserting a negative , since i 'm not asserting the existence of anything we do n't already know exists ( that being the universe we observe ) . 
  i 'm asking why it exists at a metaphyical level , not a scientific question . 
  also the question about anti-matter is n't relevant , that is a scientific question . 
  thing is it comes down to the semantics of `` why ? 
  '' , you can ask the question `` why do birds stay in the air ? '', 
  and answer it with a scientific answer about air pressures derived from studying flying objects and comparing them to objects that do n't fly . 
  you can keep going deeper into this explaining the behavior of air molecules and gases . 
  all the way down to gravity and theoretical physics . 
  but all you 're really doing is looking at features of the universe and mapping how they act , saying they work this way because we observe them working this way . 
  i 'm sure that an explanation about antimatter could be found in this fashion . 
  but when you ask the questions `` why existence in it 's totality ? '', 
  or `` why this existence in it 's totality over any other ? '', 
  then you are posing the metaphysical `` why '' , and that ca n't possibly be answered empirically since you wo n't be explaining it 's existence , just outlining the features of itself that make it itself . 
  for example you explain the current universe , rather than a universe of grey goo by pointing to physical laws you 've observed , that does n't explain the existence of those physical laws , it points only to the `` how '' and not the `` why '' . 
  also a point about occam 's razor is that it need n't go against contributing the property of intelligence a first cause . 
  when we are asking question we do n't know the answer to , then we should n't assume unnecessary complications without evidence that is true . 
  but 's not as if we find ourselves in a `` grey goo '' universe of utmost simplicity , in fact we find ourselves in a existence of near infinite complexity , this could be grounds to say that whatever the first cause of existence way must be equally complex as , or more complex than , existence itself , making attributing the property of intelligence to it almost trivial . 
  the point is occam 's razor at basic states do n't assume unnecessary complexity , but the question itself hinges of how much complexity do you think is necessary ? 
  anyway i 'm no religious follower , i just think there 's a few things to be drawn from this . 
  1 . that we ca n't derive an answer to this empirically 2 . 
  this is a sensible question that we can pose , but not answer 3 . that this existential question has driven humans towards religious modes of thought throughout known history . 
  i only write this to try and show the logical grounds for religious thought in general and maybe give some credit to the thousands of years of religious thinking that humanity has lived through rather than taking the attitude that so frequently appears on reddit that it 's all to do with flying spagetti monsters and dogmatism . 
  oh birmingham , why do you get such a hard time . 
  depending where you want the draw the lines the surrounding conurbation is as large or larger than manchester 's ( they do n't count coventry for some reason ) . 
  2.74 million people in the west midlands county making it the 2nd most populated in the uk . 
  it 's got everything you 'd expect a city with millions of people to have . 
  i know the accent does n't help , but frankly birmingham gets love from neither north nor south . 
  too proley for those virtually french southerners and too far south for those disgruntled northerners . 
  oh birmingham where do you fit into our divided nation . 
  there really should be more effort put into this city , it 's got plenty of history and nice features , art deco architecture strewn all around yet everyone assumes it 's like some black pit of devastation . 
  that was actually a later addition , really do n't know why my brain remembers useless facts like this but i ca n't remember my own phone number . 
  this is just a guess , but if something takes a very long time to go out of date the manufacturer probably puts the most conservative date estimate they legally can to stop shops from keeping unsold stock too long , and ensure they have to buy new batches to sell . 
  knowing this they are n't worried that stock will go off and poison customers leading to expensive legal ramifications , so they do n't bother with a new date everyday and just do sell by dates in weekly batches ? 
  maybe it 's because they have a day off on sunday ? 
  so the weekly batch ends then ? 
  well it 's nothing more than a convenient and rather weak suggestion . 
  going towards an argument something like the argument time is just another variable , and there was no time before the big bang , so the universe has existed for `` all time '' , therefore the existence of the universe need n't be conditional on anything . 
  additionally when you say `` the universe has always existed '' you are not just incorrect , but scientifically incorrect , since whilst it 's correct to say the universe has existed for all time , evidence does not support that the universe has existed for infinite time . 
  evidence supports the idea that the universe is 13.82 billion years old, 
  but what i 'm saying is that that is n't a reasonable definition of `` always existed '' , since that would imply time stretching back infinitely . 
  which is not empirically supported . 
  the sentence was just outlining your argument . 
  furthermore i 'm suggesting just because there was no `` time '' before the big bang , does n't mean it 's logically sensible to conclude : therefore the universe 's coming into being a specific point can be conditional upon nothing . 
  i disagree , infinite time is conceivable as it finite time . 
  being meaningful is n't the same as being actual . 
  we may not live in a universe with an infinite regression of time , but we can certainly have a meaningful conversation about one , otherwise asking and answering questions like `` do we live in temporally finite universe ? '', 
  would not be meaningful . 
  secondly , i do n't think we can know anything empirically about what came before the big bang , if `` before '' is even a meaningful term to use here given its temporally implications . 
  i prefer to not talk about before , but rather whether a first cause of the universe was conditional upon nothing . 
  the very word nothing here falls in a semantic problems . 
  the only real question we can ask is whether it 's tenable , that what we can empirically discern as the first cause of the universe , has any further conditions ? 
  it seems to be that cosmological thoughts of this nature only give support to the theistic world view , since if there was no further conditions then the first cause caused itself out of nothing - a god like quality , or if we allow further conditions those conditions can only be god like in holding some different kind of existence outside of the existence of the universe . 
   the universe has existed for all time . 
  therefore it needs no explanation . 
  i do n't see how these two premises are related , never mind one following from another . 
   why does the first cause get special treatment ? 
  why not just make the universe conditional on nothing ? 
  well the question of whether it 's logically sensible to have a cause that is not conditional upon anything is a great divider within the cosmological debate , there are arguments for either . 
  however it seems that in having a cause conditional on nothing , then it 's the party that believes this that is giving the first cause special treatment , since we generally believe all other causes to be logically conditional upon other causes going all the way back to the first cause . 
  you can say that it was conditional upon `` nothing '' if you like , but what i was trying to suggest in the previous post was at either stance can be used to lend support to a theistic interpretation . 
   that is a contradiction in terms , to the extent it means anything at all . 
  which why i did easily edit it , whatever type of `` existence '' whatever the existence of the universe could theoretically be conditional upon , would need to be unequivocal to the existence the universe holds to avoid that contradiction whilst maintaining the belief that `` nothing '' , in the sense of the existence we believe the universe to hold , existed before the big bang . 
   since there is no time in which it did not exist , it never began to exist ( that is , it never went from not-existing to existing ) . 
  thus there is no creation event , just the things that happened immediately after ( which we call the big bang ) . 
  no event , no cause . 
  this logically makes no sense , either it began to exist , or it existed forever . 
  the universe can not be 13.82 billion years old and not have begun . 
  even if there were no time prior to its coming to being . 
  to point to the creation event all we need do is point to the first time slice of the universe . 
  it makes no sense to talk of a `` cause '' because there was no time before it 's existence , it makes more sense to talk about a condition of its existence . 
  furthermore there ca n't be anything immediately `` after '' if there was n't a `` before '' , there must be a t-0 from which existence began . 
   that 's ridiculous . 
  something has to lack a cause . 
  no ridiculous in the slightest and there 's lot of literature examining the idea . 
  if the universe was eternal you 'd have an infinite regress of causes and no uncaused cause . 
   what does the bolded word refer to ? 
  to the premise immediately prior to it , the party that believes in `` a cause conditional on nothing '', 
   i am entirely unable to parse this . 
  it 's all word salad to me . 
  i 'll break it into premises to make it easier to follow , i had to rush out so i was writing quickly . 
  - we both agree that `` nothing '' existed before t-0 of the universe , as in no matter or time or physical laws, 
  - believing this if we want examine the notion that there were further conditions upon the universe 's coming into being then,
