  anyway again this is off topic . 
  you said you hated that brits seem to think america is similar to britain . 
  given that by the far the largest cultural influence on the us was britain , this is undeniably true . 
  you said that think britons believe america would not have been great without britain , leaving aside the fact the question does n't make sense , and that america 's greatness is n't taken as a fact . 
  given that the british were the largest contributor of culture to the us throughout its history , a small token of acknowledgement would suffice . 
  what you really do n't like is feeling that you owe anything to anyone , you are patriotic , flag waving , overly proud of yourselves and can not stand the slightest detraction from your own self worship , and that 's why you hate the british who make sarky comments towards the us . 
  christians as a whole tend to focus on the new testament to be honest . 
  especially in the last few hundred years . 
  i mean the old testament god does n't exactly inspire hope . 
  shame you have to spend 8 euros on a beer and 30 euros on a bottle of vodka though :( norway seems like a nice place to visit but i do n't think it would be worth it with such a crazy cost of living . 
  the r rule of received pronunciation is pretty common in european languages , for example , german . 
  that 's fine for the people who live there , but not so good for the people who live in nearby countries ( seriously i could fly to norway under an hour ) but would just like to see country a bit . 
  you think sweden has cheap booze ? 
  try germany , i 'll enjoy my 80 cent bottle of beer and my 5 euro bottle of vodka . 
  so does sweden and it 's cheaper xd, 
  now explain why so many news readers have those weird nasally accents that no ordinary people have ? 
  inferior northern curry ... 
  midlands is the home of curry . 
  yeah but you 're from the south , everything north of london is north to you ... 
  you 've obviously never experienced the birthplace of the balti . 
  that 's too far north then . 
  optimal curry lies north of the watford gap but south of stoke on trent . 
  moving from the midlands to manchester was a serious step down in curry quality and i virtually lived on the curry mile for a couple of years . 
  the reason they 'd act so angry about it is because legally they have no recourse for it , at least you are protected under the law a bit for sick days . 
  germans really do shit themselves at the concept of nuclear energy , ironically a far cleaner source of energy than the coal the country sells in large quantities . 
  despite the fear of nuclear energy fear , it wo n't save them , because they live next door to france the largest nuclear energy supplier in the eu . 
  yet again german policy has demonstrated the german ability to be massive hypocrites when it comes to taking a political position . 
  that map does n't really make sense to be honest because i guess it assume you 're only going to be using ordinary roads otherwise you 'd see travel times increase around the major roads in and out of london . 
  i 've driven to london enough times from like 100 miles away where i used to live to know it usually does n't take 75 minutes to get to the city centre . 
  usually it took about 20 - 40 minutes with average traffic from the outskirts of the london conurbation to close to the centre ( shepherd 's bush usually where i 'd be heading ) . 
  at peak rush hour times it would be worse of course , and if you did the drive at 3am on a sunday morning you could breeze in and out of the city with relative ease . 
  nuclear plants are actually a very efficient energy production option . 
  this is why france is actually able to sell energy to other countries in europe since they produce a surplus . 
  the waste produced by nuclear energy production is a problem , however it does not causes wide scale environmental destruction , it simply poses us the problem of having to safely contain it somewhere for a very long time . 
  however provided it is vitrified and buried in suitably constructed heavily shielded vaults then it wo n't contribute to ecological destruction . 
  if we really cared about the environment then we 'd be looking at a combination of nuclear and renewable energy production , with the goal of one day moving entirely to renewable options . 
  tin foil hat time but i have the feeling that the demonisation of nuclear energy in the german public mindset has more to do with with germany 's coal industry wanting to shift the focus than it does with the evils of nuclear energy . 
  i mean seriously , `` median per capita ppp income '' . 
  as opposed to what the median gross ppp income ? 
  does that even make sense ? 
  anyway it still means those nasty socialist norwegians and swiss are way more into individual rights than the usa . 
  they used triangulation . 
  using something that works kind of like a telescope one can use or create landmarks to work out angles and distances . 
  people would travel the coast lines of countries steadily mapping out the coastline from one point to another . 
  prepare to be deported back to norway ... 
  hail skelton !, 
  definitely . 
  i was disappointed with the curry mile in manchester , the good ones were only what i 'd expect an average in brum . 
  it 's hypocritical because it 's saying `` look we care so much about the environment we 're shutting down our nuclear plants '' while not looking at the real environmental issue , coal plants , and simultaneously acquiring lots of money through coal production . 
  nuclear energy is n't even a danger to the environment really , it 's a danger to people but wo n't cause the end of the world as climate change might . 
  it makes more sense to be shutting down fossil fuel plants if we really care about the environment , but that does n't suit the germany economy , so as ever the german government has found a way to appear to be doing the right thing and to be smug about it while simultaneously serving their own interests . 
  i disagree with your risk assessment . 
  if we have 10,000 nuclear plants maybe 1 or 2 will go have disasters and that can seriously damage the local environment , as well as making the environment inhospitable to humans . 
  however , fossil fuel is contributing to a possibly apocalyptic environmental disaster which nuclear energy is not . 
  furthermore we do understand the risks involved . 
  the reason insurers wo n't touch them is not because we do n't know the risks , it 's because the cost of a worst case scenario is so high that it would n't make financial sense to take that risk , it could bankrupt a company . 
  a nuclear plant might have the potential to be x1000 more polluting to the local environment than a single coal plant ever can , but the use of fossil fuels has the potential to be x1000 more damaging to the world environment than a singular nuclear meltdown ever can . 
  it 's about looking at the big picture rather than the individual plant . 
  furthermore i 'll add that radiation as a whole is far more damaging to humans than it is to the environment as a whole , wildlife can survive in a radiated environment far better than people can . 
  animals will eventually reclaim radiated areas , maybe some local species will go extinct but that 's about it . 
  while a climate change event like he one we suspect is coming could be far more catastrophic than simply losing the local fauna of a certain area . 
  if you think that paragraph is too long then you ca n't have read too widely ... 
  personally i rate the risk of another chernobyl insignificant compared to the destruction of the ice caps and the consequences that would have ... 
  i 'm not from the us i 'm from europe and i live in germany . 
  france , belgium , netherlands and uk all has embraced nuclear energy to some degree or another , all except france have a greater population density than germany and france 's is not that much smaller . 
  there 's something very nimby about the way germany has turned its back on nuclear energy as this great evil , not to mention the fact that germany is still a large producer of coal . 
  one bad disposal disaster does not entail that it can not be stored safely . 
  i understand nuclear energy is dangerous , but i 'd rather we were closing down oil and coal energy production rather than nuclear . 
  i wonder what you 'll be doing there ... 
  it 's also to do with volume . 
  every country needs to be linked with every country . 
  no country wants to be hard to reach . 
  each country needs to provide good links for its citizens . 
  now does the state of wyoming care about being connected to everywhere ? 
  does new mexico ? 
  in fact most flight in the us goes through major hubs with limited space for competing networks . 
  norwegians would n't be happy if there was no flights to the states out of norway ( even if many end up transferring through heathrow or frankfurt or charles de gaulle anyway ) . 
  i started saying `` personally i rate the risk '' then decided to write `` the risk '' , but ended up with something in between :(, 
  they 're canals though !, 
  i agree , but i think by focussing on the elimination of nuclear before the elimination of fossil fuel we 're slowing down the transfer to clean energy by a great deal . 
  do n't let them hear you say that or you 'll never hear the end of it . 
  arse is the original word . 
  the loss of - r before - s was a dialectal thing that happened to some speakers e.g curse = cuss , that happened to gain traction in the us . 
  did n't become a standard usage in the us until as late as 1930 . 
  arse comes from the proto-germanic `` arsoz '' , old english '' \u00e6rs '' which is why the word is arsch in german , aars in dutch , and so on . 
  if anything you 're the ones who fucked it up . 
  `` ass '' is a totally different word with a latin route via celtic meaning donkey . 
  it started in the 80s , got big in the 90s and has been massive ever since . 
  i think the sudden boom you experienced was more to do with your unawareness and not particularly to do with their growth as a company , but they have been quite successful of late and are the 7th biggest airline in the world . 
  i often hear people saying how great they are for service and comfort . 
  what i love is how all these `` if the uk were a us state '' arguments entirely seem to ignore that fact that if the uk were a us state it would be part of the us . 
  they just love to take the positive economic measures of the us economy and apply them when making their calculations to the us , and then simply not apply them to this newly formed uk state . 
  the nominal gdp per capita of the uk is respectable 44.1 k us dollars , 14th in the world , by comparison the gdp per capita of california is 46k us dollars , a mere 2k more . 
  all these comparisons rely on the notion that the uk is both a us state and not a us state at the same time . 
  what they are actually exploiting is the ppp adjusted figures , and purchasing power depends on a hell of lot more than how rich somewhere is , for example , not being a small island with only a minor quantity of natural resources , not being a country with 1/4 the population of the alternative , not being a country with a relatively small manufacturing industry that tends to focus on services over material goods , not being a country whose currency is n't used as the international basis for oil prices around the world , not being a country with a paltry agricultural sector and so on . 
  essentially they 're basing their whole argument on the fact that things cost less in the us , but assuming that in this uk-us union everything in the uk stays the same . 
  in fact the uk would be around the middle in terms of how well off people were compared to other states . 
  ironically , if want to be really accurate , imagining that the uk were physically moved and bolted on the us ( heaven forbid ) , benefiting from it 's economic union with the us but keeping things otherwise ( since we seem so fond of double standards ) the same we could imagine that the uk would actually experience a powerful economic boom , probably putting it near the top of the list of the us states making it by far the most economically powerful us state due to it 's large population size , well ahead of real large population contenders like texas and california , and maybe given richer than new york . 
  actually the drinking age for beer and wine is 16 , spirits are 18 , not sure about bars . 
  i ca n't see a law saying bars ca n't sell soft alcohol to those under 18 but older than 16 , whether they will of course is another matter .
