  i do n't mind the german supermarkets it was n't that hard to adapt . 
  german people are way more likely to walk to the supermarket if they live somewhere built up so many do n't have car parks . 
  in the stores they focus on quality at low prices , providing the things they know people want . 
  uk supermarkets try and be more like mega markets with many varieties of products and a wider selection of brands for every product . 
  even the bigger supermarkets like aldi out in the suburbs still only focus on a selection of tried and tested products . 
  you can see how the mentality is different by how rarely you 'll see 2 for 1 or half price offers in germany , but in the uk deals are king with supermarkets selling certain things at a loss to pull in people who 'll spend more overall . 
  i was talking about germany still , but fair enough . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't agree with your point . 
  the spelling in swiss german and the german used in niedersachsen might be very similar , apart from the use of ss instead of \u00df and other minor differences , but this is exactly the same as the way americans might drop the - u from colour . 
  in this sense the difference between different english dialects and different german dialects are the same . 
  however german dialects are vastly further apart than most english dialects . 
  swiss people when not speaking hochdeutsch will say things massively differently , associating totally different sounds with the words . 
  furthermore their word selection will be massively different to the choice of words in other regions . 
  the only comparable in english is probably stuff like scots-english which evolved from a completely different dialect of middle english and therefore associates different sounds different vowels and letters . 
  hiberno-english might come close to . 
  it 's only due the rigorous attempts at standardising german in the past couple of centuries that these dialects have almost the same spelling . 
  furthermore i do n't think people in the uk are angered by the us 's size nor are they annoyed by being confronted by american media any more than they 'd be angered by being confronted with australian or irish media . 
  why would they be when ultimately the entire anglosphere has been far more culturally influenced by britain , the product of colonisation , than it has by other anglophone cultures . 
  it 's hardly a new thing in the uk to import culture from other nations since it 's being doing so for hundreds of years . 
  honestly i think it 's pretty presumptive of you to suggest that . 
  obviously you 'll get some language purists and pedants bemoaning the decline in english but they 're just a minority of uptight folk who are equally present in the us as in any other english speaking nation . 
  in fact i would go as far as to say they 're worse about it due to cultural insularity . 
  go on thread that uses a british english word like lift or rubbish and you 'll find a bunch of comments at the bottom saying `` wtf is a lift '' and `` do n't you mean an elevator and so forth '' , the same is n't true in reverse . 
  ira yes , israel no !, 
  / r/conspiracy is that way, 
  i 'm pretty sure i knew this was about lust when i watched it as a kid . 
  i mean sure i did n't understand sex but it 's pretty clearly about possession and desire from the meaning of the words alone . 
  honestly i figure the kids who could just watch shit like this whist being old enough to know what the words mean and not figure out what it meant were just dumb . 
  have some self respect man . 
  i suppose you chill your red wine too like a true connoisseur, 
  my favourite lager right now is [ tergernsee hell ] ( http://www.tgh24.de/webroot/store10/shops/62063627/5274/0408/fa13/3f58/584c/c0a8/29c0/3db4/4386_tegernseer_hell.png ), 
  my favourite ales are [ doom bar ] ( http://upload.ukriversguidebook.co.uk/blog/doombar1.jpg ) and [ abbot ] ( http://www.greeneking.co.uk/assets/images/pictures/ourbeers/pic_ourbeers_abbot.jpg ), 
  then there 's other beers i 'm not proficient enough in to know like dunkelbier . 
  it 's to do with the relative profit margins made on food and drink in the countries . 
  the market favours making profits on drinks in germany ( and most of europe ) , whilst big brewery control has impacted the american ( and british ) drink markets to the point profits are more often made on food . 
  there many european nations staunchly oppose regulation favouring free drinking water believing it will put some businesses into bankruptcy . 
  the carbonation thing is just cultural . 
  bollocks does it . 
  safer than the us 's, 
  amazed might be a little strong, 
  that 's bollocks . 
  racism is way more systemic in the us . 
  the culltural divide between african americans and white americans is far greater than a black briton and a white one . 
  it 's just different kinds of racism . 
  not compared to every country in europe, 
  brainwashing is strong with this one . 
  wow . 
  this is retardedly smug american propaganda . 
  europe 's had thousands of microbrews throughout history , some of the breweries older than america . 
  you have a resurgence and think your even on europe 's level . 
  it 's laughable . 
  america give less than half of what wealthy european nations give even with military aid on top . 
  the scanadevian countries combined with the uk and germany give more purely economically as a gross figure than the whole of america despite over 100 million less people . 
  - exploit its workers to ensure a cheap labour force, 
  - pollute the environment, 
  - inhibit integration between people of different ethnic backgrounds while calling itself a melting pot ( and calling europeans racist ), 
  - military spending, 
  - nationalism, 
  - evangelical religion, 
  - brainwash it 's citizens so it thinks it 's not racist despite have vastly more segregated communities , not oppressive despite terrible freedom of press , is more free despite the police being about to shoot you for something as minor as not putting your hands where they tell you to . 
  has good food despite most of it being junk food . 
  has good beer with microbrews despite a thousand year old tradition in the old world . 
  convince itself it 's more cultural than it is ( hollywood is a circlejerk that rewards crap like argo ) . 
  convinces itself it 's good at war when it 's lost since ww2 and even then it only turned up for the last quarter . 
  - there are lots of nice things too but the amount of presumptive bollocks about europe in this thread has made me be temporarily forget about them, 
  you mean turning up when the war was almost over ? 
  wow , every one of those is bollocks . 
  the us government is a laughable two horse race . 
  revolutions mean absolutely nothing at this point in history . 
  electronics are made in asia and computers were invented in europe . 
  you could 've at least said software or something . 
  the unemployment rate in the us is worse than the uk , nevermind places like germany . 
  it 's way harder to get good wine and beer in the us ( not counting most microbrews as good ) . 
  the american criminal justice system is a massive boon for europe since companies will do everything to avoid it , its home team bias , and overly expensive proceedings . 
  absolute crock of shit . 
  pick up a history book . 
  western expansion has barely started before 1776 , furthermore a major factor in the revolution was the freeing of land that the british / french said belonged to the natives . 
  not calling yourself a britbong lol, 
  also ignores that they only have the research in universities because they bankrupt their youth with debt , and whilst conserving a lot of land because they have plenty of wilderness they 're almost as bad as china when it comes to killing it off again . 
  bad move with the neuter , you 've got far more chance if you go with feminine or masculine . 
  the trick when you do n't know your gender is . 
  strong inflection - stille wasser ( could be stiller wasser , does n't sound that wrong , covers both the masculine nominative and feminine nominative and accusative ), 
  weak inflection - duh stille wasser ( some dialects swallow the sound of the article and they all sound like `` duh '' , stille is good for feminine/neut . 
  nominative or accusative , as well as masculine nominative ), 
  mixed inflection - ein stille wasser ( this is the hardest , but you 've got a 2/3 chance that `` ein '' is correct masc . 
  or neut. , but only a 1/2 chance after that that stille wo n't sound wrong , but at least you get half right ) . 
  god reading that thread is agony . 
  what an abomination . 
  worst part is that 's it 's mostly not europeans posting it 's americans saying what they think they do better either from what they 've seen on tv or from that week where they saw the whole of europe visiting london and paris . 
  ice - worst part was the ice thing , because it 's just such complete bollocks . 
  european water gives you diarrhoea ? 
  maybe when americans psychosomatically manifest the symptoms out of anxiety born of leaving their country . 
  they 're even angry that they have to ask for ice ( as well as saying it 's dangerous ) . 
  well i 've worked in pubs in the uk and if you put in ice without checking people will often send it back because they think it 'll make the drink watery for fuck 's sake . 
  has no one noticed that will you go to a bar the soft drinks come out the machine chilled , the lager comes out of the barrel chilled , bottled water is kept in the fridge . 
  literally the only time i 'd expect ice is in a jug of tap water , which is another thing that they 're incredibly butthurt about . 
  no free water - the breweries in the uk and the us control the beer market so completely that it 's very hard to make a profit just selling drinks , therefore they do n't give a shit about tap water . 
  however if some countries their principle source of revenue is selling drinks as well as having a culture where people will happily sit in a bar/caf \u00e9 for hours just sipping a beverage . 
  of course they 're against giving away a tonne of tap water . 
  also if you ask nicely saying i feel ill / dehydrated they 'll always give you tap water anyway , or if you say you 'll buy a beer too but just need a water first because you have n't had enough fluid today they 're cool with it too .
