  i moved to germany from the uk and now the euro is crumbling around me . 
  it 's good when i get money from the uk though . 
  banks are back in business . 
  maybe if the british economy collapsed , otherwise unlikely . 
  true but you have to look at ppp too . 
  everything is getting cheaper in germany along with those savings . 
  the losers are german holiday makers outside of the eurozone , and those buying products from economies that are n't devaluing . 
  if i were in charge of a business that relied on imported materials from the us or uk who did most my business in the eurozone i would be shitting myself . 
  however if i did what is more common in germany , import materials from within the eurozone or russia and export to the whole eu including none eurozone members and to the us then i would n't be worried and merely looking to strengthen exports to those countries that do n't use the euro . 
  wow , your argument is based entirely in ideology , let me take you seriously . 
  i had no idea who these guys were but as soon as i saw the thumbnail i knew they 'd be english . 
  they look like everyone of those guys down the pub that know a lot about real ale . 
  actually pronounced mawlbruh ( or at least marlburuh ) the name deriving from the town of marlborough , wiltshire . 
  the name deriving from a road in london called great marlborough street where the first factory of phillip morris 's company was located . 
  the street being named after the earl of marlborough . 
  i think the brand picked up the marl-burrow pronunciation in the us , since borough was pronounced like burrow it got simplified to boro . 
  the correct way is mawlbruh . 
  marlborough is a town in england , that created a peerage called the earl of marlborough , which created a street in london called great marlborough street , which is where the first factory making marlboro cigarettes was located . 
  marlburuh is acceptable too , but marl-burrow is somewhat of a usa-ism . 
  why would they want to be `` free '' of her when she is nothing but a representation of their cultural legacy . 
  it 's like saying why does n't the uk have a revolution against the queen like the french did . 
  it 's because they already did and were briefly a republic , but actually invited the monarch back because it added a sense of stability . 
  the only difference between a republic and a constitutional monarchy is one is where democracy was violently implemented and one is where the monarchy gave up power willingly ( not that they had a choice ) in return for being allowed to exist . 
  too many people seem to have been brainwashed by the mel gibsons of this world into think monarchies are inherently oppressive . 
  great post !, 
  like the treaties with the indians that they honoured but the colonists disregarded ? 
  those were n't british soldiers !, 
  they were volunteers on holiday in canada with sympathies towards the indigenous ethnic britons living in canada that just happened to be equipped and armed by the british government !, 
  there 's a big difference !, 
  just ask my pal vladimir ... 
  it was a joke . 
  yes britain did do nasty things to the canadian indians . 
  the fact that posts calling europeans cunts are upvoted means nothing !, 
  there 's people out there using their flags as props in baby photos !, 
  if that 's not evidence of the nazi-liberal-gay agenda controlling reddit i do n't know what is !, 
  that thread is a gold mine . 
  definitely could win some sas bingo on there . 
  you did n't even get to the part where `` usa is made of every culture '' , europeans do n't understand the diversity between san francisco and los angeles . 
  if it 's not lea and perrins it 's not legit !, 
  it 's actually pretty easy . 
  the hardest part is the - ch . 
  squirrel is harder for germans i think , because of the alveolar approximant in the middle of word . 
  if we 're 3rd rate then the us is a 12th rate country . 
  go enjoy bankruptcy from healthcare costs , a high homicide rate , high wealth polarity , long working hours and little paid time off to go on holiday . 
  usa - the asshole of the developed world . 
  i 'm from the uk where the migration rate is 2.56 compared to the us 's 2.45 . 
  where the homicide 1 per 100,000 people compared to the us 's 4.7 . 
  where minimum mandatory paid holiday leave is 28 days compared to the us 's mandatory 0 days , and where the average is about 14 days . 
  the fact is that nothing you said was true . 
  the majority of emigrants do not want to move to the usa . 
  there is no mandatory working week and you can be fired for refusing to work long hours in many professions . 
  there only laws are regards when the employer must pay you overtime . 
  neither must an employer pay for your healthcare , that is a choice the employer can make themselves . 
  so no none of those of things are `` standard '' or ever have been in the us unless you do n't know what standard means . 
  your country is the china of the western world compared to most developed nations , and the vast majority of people who want to go there are from 3rd world nations who would happily move to anywhere that is n't war torn and completely impoverished . 
  lebanon is more desirable than the uk . 
  it may be because of refugees fleeing war in syria and iraq but facts are still facts . 
  shamrocks , green hats , guiness , hating the british and leprechauns . 
  this is what it truly means to be irish ... ( apparently ), 
  i 'm sorry if it bursts your propaganda bubble about the us being the most desirable place in the world for immigrants with hordes clamouring to get in . 
  truth is immigrants live in more poverty there than most wealthy nations . 
  i know you get taught some bullshit spiel about the land of opportunity , but the opportunity to work long hours for low pay without a social security net is n't top of most immigrants priorities . 
   betcha there 's more people ( overall numbers and percentages ) wanting to move to usa than your country !!, 
  are you fucking stupid . 
  this what you said . 
  we actually get educated in europe rather than just shouting about what we `` believe '' in . 
  as a percentage of population , relative to emigration , more people come to the uk than to the us , and look at places like australia , far more people want to live there than the usa , and who can blame them compared to the mess that is the usa . 
  love to see you trying to worm your way out of this one . 
  it 's hilarious . 
  saying numbers * and percentages * is totally redundant if what you mean by `` percentage '' is percentage of the number of immigrants in the world . 
  the highest number of immigrants is by necessity the highest percentage of the share of all immigrants . 
  so we have to conclude one of two things . 
  a ) you 're a dumbass who throws in words like `` percentage '' because he thinks it makes you sound intelligent . 
  b ) you 're trying to save face because you 've been proved wrong but have inadvertently made yourself look like a dumbass . 
  net immigration is the * only * useful tool for measuring the desirability of a country because if lots of people are leaving that country that also counts towards its desirability as a place to live . 
  i 'm sorry but the us is not a particularly desirably country for immigrants , otherwise we 'd see a higher net migration rate . 
  as for per capita immigration the us is only 26th in the world , so if we added up the top most desirable developed countries ( even ignoring refugees ) until their population equalled the us 's , so per capita is not an issue then there would be more people , as a raw figure , wanting to live in that unit of countries than the usa . 
  look i know it hurts when you 've had all your arguments destroyed but maybe this will be a good step towards your deprogramming from the jingoistic brainwashing you 've undergone in the usa . 
  this is just entertaining . 
  so first you say . 
   out of all of the emigration that occurs in a single year , greater numbers and percentages ( of that number ) want to move to the us than any other country, 
  now see what you 've written . 
  '' ( of that number ) '' can only refer to two things 1 ) all of the emigration that occurs in a single year 2 ) '' greater numbers '' . 
  if 1 ) then it 's exactly what i said . 
  you 're an idiot because you do n't realise having the largest number of immigrants entails have the largest percentage of all immigrants in the world . 
  2 ) you 've written a tautology because you want to know what percentage a figure is of itself , when it 's by necessity 100 % of itself . 
  it can not be that `` of that number '' refers to population because population has not been introduced in that post at all , therefore saying `` that number '' to refer to it makes no sense . 
  so now you 're backtracking further and saying ... 
   the percentage they represent of the population of the country they are moving into ... 
  which is not what you said . 
  but even if we give you the benefit of the doubt and say you done fucked your speakings . 
  it 's still irrelevant because as i already stated the us is 26th in the world in gross immigration per capita . 
   immigration and ` net ' immigration are different . 
  i spoke of ` gross ' , and you responded with ` net ' figures without identifying them as such - probably because you did n't know the difference . 
  which is why i explained net immigration a post or so ago . 
  clearly i do n't understand it . 
   and if ` net ' is used , lebanon wins ... 
  yes because lebanon * is * a more desirable place for more people than the usa albeit for reasons of personal security . 
  but even if we ignore the countries of the list that are not in the developed world . 
  other countries are still more desirable than the us .
