  there are dedicated lol gaming sites , as well as the official website and forum . 
  online sport news evolved in a pretty standard way , whereas online games do n't need someone to build information hubs in the same way . 
  also while there are people who watch esports and do n't play , i say most of those have played at certain points in their lives . 
  i think the number of people that follow esports without ever having played the games is very low . 
  the question was n't whether esport is actual sport ( which is a question often asked to question the legitimacy of the industry ) , the question was what kind of thing is esports and whether the analogy with sport is actually useful . 
  i think a lot of enthusiastic entrepreneurs jump onto esports by way of analogy with sport and think they can bring ideas from conventional sports over , and then find it does n't work . 
  if a big company like yahoo ca n't manage to build a viable product then that should speak for the complexities of the industry . 
  last week i ran into a guy i knew through mutual friends and just seeing around the same pubs and bars . 
  not someone i knew well and not someone who i necessarily would be a close friends with , stoner type , but anyway he was a decent enough kinda guy when i 'd met him in the past . 
  this time he was fucking weird , not making sense , talking at 100 mph , repeating himself , muttering to himself in spanish ( he 's half spanish ) . 
  everyone i was with was very freaked out . 
  they were like why were you talking to that strange fucked up guy , had to try and explain that on all the other occasions i 'd met him he was relatively normal . 
  found out through a mutual friend that he 'd hands on a large quantity of spice ( or equivalent ) and started smoking that instead , and now everyone was having trouble with him being weird . 
  seriously fuck the criminalisation of drugs , especially weed . 
  when you 've got people smoking unknown substances . 
  at very least weed should be class c and that horrible shite should be class a. 
  at very least give the dealers an incentive to sell a quality product that medical professionals have some idea of how to deal with . 
  when the guy was just run of the mill recreational drugs type he was fine . 
  maybe not an ideal way to live your life but a relatively normal human being . 
  that shit pushed him well into the anti-social behaviour realm where you destroy relationships with people you know irrevocably and get pushed to the outskirts of society . 
  well they still have a lot more than the average entrepreneur , most than the average business frankly . 
  their performance might 've been a bit shit lately but they still have resources most companies can only dream of . 
  they call us island monkeys sometimes xd it 's not meant in a particularly nasty way . 
  this is simply people realising that if the government just turns around and goes , `` nah , no brexit '' , then it 's just going to lead to even more problems in the future . 
  not the same as 70 % of people wanting brexit to happen . 
  simply a realisation that something must be seen to result from it else we 're not doing democracy right . 
  maybe you just lack of a sense of humour ? 
  man the inbetweeners was hilarious . 
  shame all the films were nowhere near as funny . 
  meh , i found them watchable but instantly forgettable . 
  i do n't think the change in setting really helped . 
  looks like he 's hoping to crowd fund films by testing concepts and seeing if people will pay him to make more . 
  she died in paris mate . 
  no idea about the ambulance situation . 
  because saving the money tends to make the economy improve even faster . 
  it 's a catch 22 . 
  the tories are ideologically committed to small government and that use of market forces through privatisation . 
  in the 70s the uk was broke and national industry collapsed because it was n't competing with europe and asia and also because the british workers were used to high standards of pay and employment security . 
  unlike countries where their heavy industry was still emerging , british industry had been going for centuries and then went into decline . 
  the latter half of the 20th century saw competition from new economic powers like japan and germany , both of whom had lost their economic power in ww2 ( britain did as well but not to same extent ) . 
  the solution was to gut the nationalised industries , cut back hard on public spending , and open the country up to foreign markets through the private sector . 
  it worked well for the rich but shittily for the poor , which is why the uk is quite a rich country with a horrible wealth divide . 
  you watch too much sci-fi mate . 
  the eu has a shared policy meaning that the uk has to trade with other countries under tariffs that the eu sets , trying to balance the needs of 28 members . 
  i 'm definitely anti-brexit , the costs will certainly outweigh the benefits , but it 's not like undercutting eu tariffs would n't make britain appealing to some companies looking to make things in britain and sell them to places outside the eu . 
   as if they want to go back to poland where they can be underemployed and earn minimum wage of # 2 an hour . 
  poland is having a bit of a boom right now btw . 
  also the wages only matter in relation to the cost of living . 
  i know some pole working in the uk and some of them are tempted to go back now they 've saved up a bit and can afford a house and find a job there . 
  that 's such bullshit . 
  the eu migrants have 0 effect on culture for the most part . 
  the uk was multicultural a long time before the eu . 
  the biggest difference is that black and indians people tended to stick to the cities where they knew they were n't going to be ostracised from the community , whereas lots of eu migrants moved to the countryside for agricultural work and awoke the wrath of irrationally conservative middle england . 
  as thatcher put it , the left would rather everyone be poorer , and the divide be smaller , than the poor be richer , and the rich be even richer . 
  there are people who legitimately believe that , and while there is a point to be made here , it certainly is n't any point gimping yourself just to keep the divide smaller , the problem is that leads to a divide in society that makes politics difficult . 
  people need an economic stake in the country or they 'll stop caring about its economic performance , as the brexiteers did . 
  chinese people are great at swearing . 
  there goes a man of the people . 
  even if you do n't like his politics you have to admit he inspires that belief that he legitimately want to do what is best for ordinary people . 
  humour 's not your thing then ? 
  i feel like this one was the awkwardest i 've seen in a while . 
  joe looks like he 's guna cry half the time . 
  mo neek, 
   and every one who voted for her . 
  31k voters of maidenhead . 
  they are the scourge of this country . 
  especially when they had buckethead as an option . 
  it means in the most general way exactly what you 'd think it means : allow whatever has happened to be . 
  often used in a sense of : do n't take offence , allow it !, 
  pretty common in southern urban dialects . 
  [ here is a sample of what upper class boston accents used to sound like ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwvonjxjuo4 ), 
  as you can see , there 's a remarkable similarity to 19th century british upper class accents . 
  non-rhoticty was sign of class in the us up until the post-war period , when regionalism became associated with the lower classes . 
  boston had a lot of british influence because of its nature as a port city a straight shoot from liverpool and canadians ports . 
  to be the fair the alt right have had success with campaigns to spread their message in every corner of the web . 
  the meaning of the saying is that if you do n't give bullies the reaction they are looking for they wo n't keep annoying you . 
  which actually works a lot of the time . 
  if some kids are throwing bits of paper at the back of your head just pretend not to have noticed the first couple of times , and if they keep doing it then just turn around and matter of factly say if they keep doing it you 'll report them , and if they do it again report them . 
  just keep a straight face and attitude of pure apathy the whole time . 
  the kids bullies target are often the ones that provide them the entertaining reaction they desire . 
  this is actually sound advice for minor cases of bullying . 
  kids who whine and get mad but are n't themselves threatening are what bullies look for . 
  best thing you can try at first is not reacting . 
  if that fails get them in trouble . 
  if that fails punch of one of them . 
  point if none of that requires getting angry or pissed off . 
  you want you get angry and pissed off . 
  you 're feeding off your emotional discomfort . 
  throughout school is just patently clear how this worked . 
  the boring nerdy kids who would n't engage or allow a response to be elicited from them got left alone . 
  the kids who could stand up for themselves and make the bullies look stupid or intimidated got left alone , whereas the kids who got mad but did n't actually do anything about it were bullying magnets . 
  you also need to consider there are different kinds of bullying and different strategies can work in different situations . 
  childish kids picking on you ? 
  ignoring them works quite well if you do it right . 
  although it can backfire if you suddenly change your behaviour and they think they can break you by teasing you harder than usual . 
  however , if you 've got hangs of hoodkids trying to beat you up after school and threatening you with murder and other shit , as i 've known happen to a few kids , then it 's well past the stage where ignoring it might work . 
  ironic that belgium appears to have better infrastructure from that map . 
  you 've chosen a really densely populated part of europe for your comparison . 
  in many ways somewhere like holland and the ny areas are roughly comparable . 
  the government will be pressuring them not to release that information for as long as possible , as they know there will be a reaction and there 's a danger that the number could shrink in the coming days as more people are accounted for .
