  found the american, 
  i suppose you think michellin star chefs wear gloves right ? 
  what a crock of shit pal . 
  i hope you realise that all your food is prepared without gloves , the requirement is that you wash your hands and do n't touch your face or body without washing them again . 
  germophobes like you are such walking vaginas . 
  nope , it 's not remotely the same . 
  us one is more of a sitcom , the uk one was more of a mockumentary . 
  the us one is more silly and absurd , the uk one was more put your hands over your face and cringe so hard your ears bleed . 
  i really doubt that . 
  people just do n't think silver is that valuable , which is true , but still worth more than they expect . 
  i mean it 's only 150 dollars , it 's hardly like he could n't afford to give it away . 
  plus the whole thing seems really dodgy , if someone came up to in the street and to be giving away precious metal how would you react . 
  reddit are such cunts for thinking people like you know wtf they 're talking about . 
  the guy who has aides, 
  that 's exactly the kind of bullshit reddit spouts endlessly . 
  truth if the ceo of your company is busted doing something illegal then it 's likely you 'll get pulled into it . 
  if a close friend of yours was found to be the producing meth on a large scale and the police saw you had a lot of interaction with them then they 'd check you out too , it 's highly plausible that if you 're close to someone who 's a criminal then you 're involved . 
  does n't mean you are necessarily involved though . 
  only in that dumb film where he speaks with a new york accent , i 'm pretty sure he 's meant to be a fresh off the boat immigrant , not enough time for the pasta to turn to burgers and the wine to turn to high fructose syrup loaded cola yet . 
  [ this is canon ? 
  ] ( https://ishouldbeafilmcritic.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/koopawtf.jpg ) yeah i 'd rather just ignore than canon personally . 
  go away troll . 
  do n't you have more statistics to misinterpret ? 
  or some more trash journalism to find so you can ctrl + v into arguments about american and circle jerk yourself harder with your fellow flag flying nationalists ? 
  i never said he did n't live in america , but he speaks with an italian accent accent in all the games . 
  he 's an italian who lives in america , we do n't even know if he 's got his green card yet fuck wit lol . 
  european esl teachers - people who want to move abroad ( mostly in europe ) and have a job . 
  american esl teachers - weeaboos who want to be paid an absurd amount in an asian country and use their western heritage to get laid . 
  yes it 's a generalisation and not always the case but there 's an element of truth to it . 
  lol go read your comment history , you 're the delusional one . 
  my point is valid , americans will appropriate anything after all . 
  mario is italian not american , must you try and claim him like you try to claim pizza ( italy ) , the discovery of electricity ( uk ) , the invention of the automobile ( germany ) , the work of einstein ( german - jewish ) and all the other never ending list of things you try to claim using nationalist historical revisionism . 
  britain invented the world wide web , which is the thing we mostly talk about when we mean internet . 
  also i love how you pathetically try to call the beatles and other great english bands derivative . 
  may as well call bob dylan derivative because he borrowed from american folk music , which was itself derivative of old world folk . 
  anyway this whole conversation started because someone said is n't mario already american , when the canon is that no he 's not , he just lives there , i like to think this drawing is what he 'd look like were he to have been born there . 
  osama bin laden lived in america for a time too , i suppose his accomplishments are american as well ? 
  that 's just a ridiculously stupid analogy , transmitting data has been around for a lot longer than the internet , the internet was just another way to do so . 
  the thing that actually let 's everyone communicate and what became a part of daily life is the web . 
  it 's like comparing morse code the telephone . 
  i 'm sorry you 're too blinded by nationalism to see this . 
  lol i 'm sorry you need to tell yourself tall tales to deal with the fact you live in a 3rd world hell hole . 
  it 's ok though , if i had to live in america i 'd probably be pretty messed up too . 
  the internet argument is so funny , if americans were the significant inventors of the internet , why did n't it become popular in the 80s then ? 
  why did we have to wait for berners-lee to write his protocol for the web revolution to occur ? 
  i do n't live in the uk . 
  also that stat about the uk being second poorest as been refuted many many time . 
  i 'm surprised you have n't found something new . 
  i 'm afraid we 've already established that a british person invented the real internet i.e the web . 
  are you so blinded by nationalism that you must live in a dream ? 
  we all know that until we had webpages and such the internet was useless for the majority of people , plenty of people had computers in the 80s actually , but they were used for word processing and few could be bothered connecting to the internet for just email and data sharing . 
  you 're the one who 's everywhere on reddit ready to defend murica with copypasta and lies , so much so that you 're a running joke on the sas subreddit . 
  nothing i 've said has been bullshit , everything has been true , you live in a dream . 
  you also live in a 3rd world country , maybe not economically but certainly socially . 
  american , the china of the west . 
  lol you 're cute when you 're angry , and you 're still a delusional nationalist . 
  that guy 's a fuckwit . 
  to buck the trend here , i do n't think it was that bad , seems more like na\u00efvet\u00e9 than ignorance . 
  she seems pretty young so i 'd give it a pass . 
  how do you even know which culture i 'm from ? 
  i have n't mentioned it once . 
  the guy is a renowned american nationalist , all he does is shitpost about how europe is under sharia law , how europe is close to economic collapse , how america is paying for european healthcare through their military expenditure and all other kinds of bullshit . 
  also i could n't give a shit if i look like a dickbag , i do n't care about karma , i also have 35k + comment karma so downvotes would n't make a dent in it , nobody will remember this tomorrow . 
  all i 'm doing is trying to piss off some guy i know to be a serial fuckwit . 
  i 've tried earnest conversations with him before and he 's just a complete fucktard who 's in every thread about europe / america shouting off about how america is the greatest and europeans are nazis . 
  taken out of contest , a toad a so !, 
  it 's been posted many times before but it 's still a fantastic video . 
  things that strike me are the way the drugged up actually takes the pg rating thing seriously , the way they react to a foreigner , they way they speak . 
  i think it really captures a moment in another age , something people will look back on in 100 years to see what it felt like to live in that time . 
  it 's not fake fucktard . 
  the dance is something seagulls naturally do . 
  he 's just saying dance inbetween his feeding to make it look as if he was doing it on demand . 
  that 's not `` fake '' . 
  fake is when something is totally fake like if he 'd edited to make it look as if the legs were moving when they were n't . 
  you two are retards who deserve each other . 
  as if that would be so hard to really do , shut up fucktard , you 're just saying fake to try to look like you 're smarter than everyone you neckbearded loser . 
  lol thank you for your service in reminding me of that legendary comment !, 
  i do n't mind swearing but it does annoy me when you see 5 year olds effing and blinding , and even worse when it 's within earshot of their parents . 
  usually they 've learnt it from their shitty parents . 
  learning to swear should be a rite of passage in your teenage years , something you conceal from the adults around you until you 're old enough to have sex and learn to drive . 
  i 've seen chavy mothers in asda screaming `` you ca n't have any facking sweets !! '', 
  at their kids and it 's just horrible . 
  yes there is such thing as `` an american accent '' , you seem to be confusing `` an '' and `` the '' . 
  northern ireland is n't england . 
  only verboeten in the konjuntiv ii , but thanks , you just scared me into thinking i 've been saying it wrongly my whole life ... 
  i do n't think it 's useful in the classroom . 
  most teaching methods only use the target language . 
  it can help with administrative things and it helps with integrating to a culture if you 're moving abroad immensely . 
  however it 's not meant to be used in the classroom . 
  occasionally i do however , but it 's only on a occasion and you 're not meant to do it . 
  nigel mansell eat your heart out , the radio controlled model car races are hot on your heels . 
  little did they know ... 
  turning right might prove troublesome, 
  seems like he takes himself really seriously , some of the people just humour ali while assuming he 's an idiot , trump just looks like he 's all serious business and wants out of there , ego the size of the moon . 
  edit : wow +6 to -4 , seems the trump lovers got to the thread late . 
  i do n't see how some people think this makes him look good or believe that he saw through the act . 
  he clearly did n't see through it , he 's just not got the patience to humour what he perceives to be an idiot because he holds himself in such high regard . 
  i disagree . 
  germany is very easy to get into , especially in the affluent areas , it just means freelancing . 
  in munich i was never turned down for a job i got an interview for , and i was celta qualified but inexperienced at the time with an unrelated bachelors .
