  you 'd think the panic would be over now . 
  britain went back to eating british beef pretty fast once the panic was over , but in europe it 's still avoided . 
  it would be a bit like use never forgiving the irish over the horse meat ( a lot of that meat was coming from ireland ) and never eating irish meat again ( although i guess that would be a double standard given we were at it as well ) . 
  supply and demand my friend , with a raging drug addiction to feed thrown in to boot . 
  this is actually really quite clever . 
  rafe is the traditional pronunciation and the british upper classes are the last ones resisting the change . 
  now some people just use that pronunciation to seem posh imo . 
  what did the banner say ? 
  i ca n't make it out . 
  impersonal pronoun . 
  does n't actually stand for anything . 
  pork baps with apple sauce and crackling . 
  soft white bread that is n't baguette : soft rolls , cottage loaf . 
  good sliced white loaves that are n't sweet . 
  pork scratchings . 
  proper bacon . 
  real ale . 
  being able to accept an offer of a cup of tea ( not a huge fan but i miss occasionally accepting the offer , but i only like builder 's ) . 
  somethings i actually buy at an extortionate price or bulk buy when i 'm in the uk : marmite , english mustard , hp sauce , branston pickle . 
  honestly , the market demands what it demands and people often prefer to learn from native speakers . 
  the reality is that although few people ever achieve native-like proficiency , most people do n't want to be perceived as having a `` foreign accent '' or at very least want to achieve as native like speech as possible ( although in reality i think the uncanny valley level can actually cause learners to revert back to speaking in their native accent ) . 
  arguably the instinctive approach to the language that native speakers possess is something that students can imitate . 
  so the example they set is useful for learning . 
  it 's not just about the language , but about the culture as well . 
  most students are n't just learning the language as a purely academic pursuit , they 're actually hoping to use those skills to interact with native english speakers in native english speaking countries . 
  so the process of cultural learning that comes from learning from a native teacher is valuable to many students . 
  it 's also bad ling to suggest that a formal understanding of the language is a priority in tefl . 
  very few people respond well to being told a fact like `` adverbials of frequency sit before the main verb in the sentence , unless that verb is a form of `` to be '' , in which case the adverbial goes after the verb `` to be '' . 
  phrasal adverbials of frequency must go at the start or the end of a sentence '' . 
  this sub is linguistics so it should be clear enough to everyone here that a formal understanding how a language works does not equate to fluency , otherwise linguists would be polyglots ( a common misconception of people with no experience of the field ) . 
  it 's also worth mentioning the vast majority of students lack the interest and capacity to understand a non-reductive explanation of a language 's grammar . 
  the whole of tefl is a set of increasingly complex lies stacked on top of each other . 
  it pains me to see things written in beginner text books such as `` do n't use `` never '' in the first position '' simply because the author has decided that this level of speaker is n't ready for inversion . 
  having a native speaker around is less prescriptive in the sense that the students are seeing how the language is authentically used and not an instance of the speech that was constructed based on the canonical examples of speech that the tefl world propagates . 
  a far bigger concern in tefl that non-caucasians get discriminated against in a big way , regardless of whether they 're native or not . 
  it 's pure racial discrimination and is a much more pressing problem . 
  i think it 's when the voices blend so perfectly and the pitches are so perfectly in relation to one another that it produces ( or appears to produce ) another tone that is n't actually being sung or played . 
  this tone is the sum of the tones that are actually sung . 
  or something like i 'm no expert . 
  that 's the joke ... 
  do people really call them `` american robins '' . 
  you 'd think that `` robin '' would be enough . 
  obviously the european robin is a different species but not one that 's common in the us . 
  it was also a product of over exposure on reddit ( she was clearly have her image `` managed '' on reddit as new posts about her were popping up on popular subs everyday ) , and redditors being perceived as lavishing fawning praise on her ( cos hot girl ) . 
  this led to anti-jl circlejerk arising to negate the perceived pro-jl circlejerk , mostly parodying her clearly contrived media technique of trying to appear down to earth and like a girl next door . 
  the being mean to non-native speaker was just the archduke franz ferdinand to the jl hate war . 
  what 's fascinating is that language is definitely influenced by what the world is like , and which words and ideas were choose to apply in different situations ( and new situations that come to exist that did n't before ) . 
  we might find that by the time we 're old the concepts people typically apply to things changes . 
  look at these phrases, 
  `` he 's like a broken record '', 
  `` roll down the window '', 
  `` do n't touch the dial '', 
  `` hang up the phone '', 
  can we expect these concepts , and ones similar to these , to last another 50 years ? 
  it is true that today we have sayings and phrases that probably did n't make immediate sense to us as children ( or at least we took them on face value and did n't question or understand their origin ) . 
  for example ,, 
  `` run out of steam '', 
  `` hold your horses '', 
  but these ones all stop the test of time . 
  we 're ignoring the many phrases that did n't make it . 
  look at how many words there are for parts of a church or ship that less than 1 % of people would even have a clue about . 
  will our words go that way and become nothing more than quaint curiosities while the majority talk about `` buffering '' toilets or whatever . 
  people will use whatever concept seems most at hand to describe things . 
  your daughter probably does n't know much about the mechanisms of a toilet , but she probably does know about slow loading youtube videos . 
  someone used the word buffering around her to describe what was going on with a video , and she just completely naively and instinctively applied to the situation where a toilet was refilling . 
  it 's language change in the wild , interesting stuff . 
  you 're making india look so much better . 
  do n't know what visa limitations you 're talking about because they are completely different in each country and depend on your status as well , so you 're wrong to just generalise that to everywhere . 
  in my experience , business english is a mixture of 1 to 1 and classroom work . 
  i do agree that business english is mostly just a product sold to companies because ultimately it 's about language skills on just about knowing random bits of business terminology . 
  that said , if you want to do business in english it clearly helps to have learned in a classroom setting mostly based around that world . 
  i have known business english trainers that had cut a niche for themselves e.g legal english , because of the degree they had or because of what they had previous done in their career , but i would say that kind of specialist work is generally something you have to work yourself into . 
  people hate the tourists they notice the most . 
  i can assure in areas with large amounts of us tourists they are seen as a nuisance . 
  there 's only so many times a day you can hear `` ahhh mah gaah that 's sooo quaint let 's get a photo ! '', 
  in a brash nasal whine and not hate them . 
  american tourists are n't anti-social like some other nations but they tend to be highly oblivious e.g strolling and stopping in areas where people are focussed on work and getting where they need to be , they tend to be loud , and also many americans seem to have the annoying habit of announcing their thoughts to one another . 
  you 'll be waiting in a queue for a cup of coffee and they 'll just be loudly pointing out little things they keep noticing `` ah mah gahd the mugs in european starbucks are different from the ones back in littleville , wyoming , how amazing ! '', 
  and you feel like screaming at them that it 's not amazing , it 's not amazing at all , and at their age they really should n't be shocked that things are different in places . 
  it 's almost as if they assume that middle america is the cultural centre of the entire planet sometimes . 
  their ability to amazed by the most trivial unremarkable bullshit beggars belief . 
  i mean the ones in britain are just amazing in how they can go to a country that speaks the same language , has much of the same traditions and culture , and is also part of the western developed world , and act so shocked at the minor differences . 
  god help these people if they ever went to india or china . 
  they also tend to wonder aloud to themselves `` oh honey , do you think they 've got pumpkin spice ?!, 
  it 's only august but it 's almost fall . 
  i wonder if they eat drink pumpkin spice lattes here !, 
  one time i had it in missouri but they called it something different !, 
  is n't that crazy ! '' . 
  the correct answer is no , no it 's not crazy , i know the us it might be a little more shocking when you travel a short distance and things change dramatically but that 's not reason to think every minor difference from your mostly likely unremarkable town of origin is `` crazy '' . 
  i 'll also say that from the perspective of people in services american tourists tend to be highly demanding . 
  take a coach load of french or germans to a motorway service station and they 'll look around in disgust , quickly use the facilities , smoke outside the coach and want to get going asap . 
  take a coach load of americans and you 'll be lucky if you leave within 30 minutes as they systematically go around looking in every shop and restaurant , buying crappy souvenirs , ordering food they 'll probably find disappointing etc. 
  and then you have to round them up and cajole them back on board , and you can be damn sure there will be one or two who 've forgotten to go to the toilet in a fit of consumption at being presented with an opportunity to waste money . 
  it 's hard to explain to them that they 're just walking into a tourist trap and they should save their money for something actually good instead of thinking at a service station on the m1 is something fascinating or interesting . 
  that would be like going into a shitty run down shopping mall in the middle of nowhere , usa , and spending a bunch of money there just because you were `` on vacation '' . 
  americans tourists are also demanding in the sense that the moment they decide they want something they really will not rest until they get their way . 
  half way through a walking tour they 'll decide they need some indigestion tablets or something and the whole world has to stop until their need is met , so you end off hauling them off the nearest chemist only for them to act disappointed when they ca n't get the precise brand of medicine they would get back home or they start asking for tylenol and get blank stares . 
  like anything , in too large a dose it becomes annoying / undesirable . 
  most people could n't give a fuck about american tourists because they 're not even on their radar . 
  anyone who has to constantly deal with them quickly gets pissed off .
