i suspect thats because flights are cheaper to america if you stop off at dublin . 
  also there is something to do with american immigration their as well . 
  and ? 
  shes now pm . 
  was he the reason why they avoided tax ? 
  i suspect he picked bmw as they were the ones who are going ahead with their new factory in mexico, 
  problem with private eye , is it is n't regular enough , i think it only comes out every 2 weeks . 
  even rte ? 
  for the uk i would say the bbc news website is probably the best , with all tv news channels being relatively good as well , as it is against the law to show any bias on tv . 
  newspaper wise the independent used to be good , now its just click bait , the guardian is ok with a centre-left look , the times/telegraph are also ok but have a more centre-right look . 
  the worst has the be the daily mail or the daily express , those are just horrible anti anything newspapers , supported brexit and were n't afraid to show it ( doomsday headlines ) that are right winged . 
  the sun is also pretty bad but everyone knows it is ( right wing ) . 
  in general it does n't help the main newspapers are run by the same man , rupert murdoch who lets just say is n't the nicest bloke in the world . 
  i would also like to throw in the fact of where you live , if you want to talk about independence . 
  there is a huge divide in the central belt compared to the north and south of scotland . 
  young people in the south vote tory and are anti independence compared to a young person in glasgow , who is the exact opposite . 
  well yes , you ca n't be guilty if there is no/reasonable proof . 
  wow wow wow calm down , dyson is the best, 
  in the uk the only places i have seen were you can spend euros is in airports with horrendous exchange rates, 
  i am guessing you mean a trade agreement ? 
  i would n't mind that really big economies are associated with the commonwealth , might actually be a good thing for the uk in general . 
  we also have a summit with commonwealth nations already : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/commonwealth_heads_of_government_meeting_2015 there was a petition going around to ask the governments to have free movement of people between commonwealth countries , something that i would n't mind tbh . 
  the whole thing is annoying tbh . 
  can we not just trigger article 50 and move on with negotiations instead of dancing around the fire . 
  its quite obvious that r/europe wants brexit to fail but a bit inside me wants it to go successful so we can say `` told you so '' . 
  you obviously do n't live in the uk them . 
  i ate at the place that sells the best fish and chips in the uk . 
  apparently we are going to get 2 families in my town , which is virtually nothing so i doubt they will affect my area . 
  also once they have settled down i doubt they will want to stay in a rural town on the scottish border so i suspect they will move away . 
  in the uk by far the ford fiesta is the most popular car , followed by the vauxhall/opel corsa . 
  my area , as its quite rural , i suspect its a land rover discovery sport or the phev mitsubishi outlanders . 
  however ford fiestas , i would say , are the most popular small car as there is about 4 on my street alone . 
  can you not google all of this ... ? 
  okay ... . . what are you on ? ... 
  it looks like we may have a problem, 
   are you concerned that europe 's muslim population will feel unsafe as a result ? 
  donald trump is affecting america ... . . not europe, 
  true , but i think the us trumped us on that one, 
  may i ask where you have seen this ? 
  most of the time , from personal experience , its asian tourists that push past in the uk . 
  us brits do not like pushing past at all . 
  20 years is a long time tbh so who knows , we might be just fine , there is no way to predict that far in the future . 
  i think you need to see it from my point of view ( as a student ) most subject courses are far too long for the amount of time we have for exams . 
  national 5 maths for example is huge , in some cases you may not be able to go back over topics which you found difficult as the teacher does not have the time to go back . 
  more needs to be taught in the lower years . 
  i have also not met one teacher that likes the new system all seem to hate it . 
  however there are advantages to it . 
  for example i can take a higher in history than doing it at national 5 as i may have got a high grade in english national 5 which means the teacher believes i may have the skills to pass higher history . 
  grammar school in scotland was similar to the england system where you had to take an exam to enter i believe . 
  now its just everyone together . 
  mind there is still private schools in scotland but they cost a certain fee # 4000 + edit : fixed paragraph, 
  in scotland it is bad . 
  the government keep changing exams and how we should be assessed . 
  at the moment it is national 2,3,4,5 higher and advanced higher . 
  employers get confused what everything stands for and they keep messing up the exams . 
  nobody can seem to pass standard maths . 
  on the record sqa is the worst department in the government . 
  although we abolished grammar schools which in a way is a good thing as people are pushed along by their peers . 
  you are pretty much correct . 
  we will have to sacrifice something otherwise what is the point in the eu if every nation could end up with a better deal and just have trade agreements . 
  that is completely different to the uk situation . 
  the statements coming out of the eu is there will be no trade agreement without freedom of movement . 
  you have also just proven my point if the uk did get a deal like the mediterranean one then more countries are going to want to have referendums as it would seem that they are getting a better deal . 
  having freedom of movement is showing other countries who may want to leave that you cant escape it if you want your economy to flourish . 
  i think the uk would be very lucky if it got a ceta deal as it is really what the uk government wants . 
  a trade agreement without open borders is something the eu is very against . 
  you never know but if something similar to ceta went through , i would n't be surprised if more countries wanted a referendum as the uk would basically be having the dream . 
  apparently its so hideous even google had to blur it, 
  obsessed about what ? 
  america ? 
  lol no i could n't really care tbh your presidential elections are making americans sound like a bunch of fools . 
  is the question asked * everyday * ? 
  your evidence suggests not so you have kinda shot yourself in the foot with that one . 
  my comments are n't nearly all about the us . 
  some are because americans post so much about `` what do you like/dislike about the usa ? '', 
  and `` why should the usa protect you '' and all this crap . 
  literally most are a copy and paste . 
  lol and your telling me americans do n't do it . 
  they are the worst for it . 
  edit : looking through your history and you seem to be very salty about anything european and british so this post is no surprise, 
  lol i had never heard of detectorists . 
  maybe because it was on bbc 4, 
  i watch gogglebox and its quite a good laugh . 
  it regularly pulls in 5m + also many watch it on demand as well, 
  great british bake off is a very big thing over here but that could change massively as it is changing network from the bbc to channel 4 . 
  lets just say people are n't happy . 
  top gear was probably the biggest in its day but without clarkson and co the rating have lowered . 
  downton abbey was also big before it stopped . 
  newer series which are growing in popularity , poldark , victoria , call the midwife , peaky blinders and war & peace . 
  in other words there is always something new which will take over from something dying . 
  lol i 'm scottish so it always gives me great pleasure when england do badly . 
  although your comment is true , as long as england can get rid of some of the dross aka rooney they should do well at the world cup . 
  unlike scotland who struggled to draw against lithuania . 
  the video sums up what we are going to do in russia : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rlq340edtca, 
  anyone but england players , 
  jeez is this what the uk is now perceived as . 
  are we really `` pro-putin '' i do n't think our government has agreed with him in years as america does the work for us . 
  ukip is just a bunch of voters who are fed up with mainstream parties . 
  there vote is more of a middle finger to the establishment . 
  also us being friends with iran , yeah thats never going to happen .
