  so your assumptions are wrong imo . 
  i do n't understand why this is the case tbh . 
  americans have these huge pick ups that do about 9mpg , and they are not bad for the environment ? 
  there must be some sort of bribery happening between official and automotive makers , probably to keep us jobs as if they could import more there would be less of a point in buying an american car as they would be more expensive to run, 
  edinburgh - historical , good night life and in general one of the best cities in the uk london - historical as well and quite scenic . 
  newcastle/glasgow - could n't decide . 
  some people might be surprised by these two but in people terms these two are the best . 
  they are also scenic and have amazing night life . 
  plus the sport facilities in both are very good, 
  lol the us is always to blame . 
  too busy fiddling when they should focus on themselves . 
  healthcare gun crime etc. 
  if they want to make a response why not with nato ? 
  has estonia had huge investment in being part of the eurozone/eu in general ? 
  out of interest, 
  have a look here : http://www.economicshelp.org/blog/771/euro/should-uk-join-the-euro/, 
   why do n't europeans kick out the americans ? 
  yes !, 
  we will build a wall and get the americans to pay for it . 
  that will stop them from annoying us , with their capitalistic mind sets effecting our continent . 
  lol the pleasure of living in scotland . 
  no prescriptions payments and free eye tests , plus glasses in some cases . 
  the scirocco advert was made by jeremy clarkson for a top gear advertising challenge . 
  as far as i am aware it is not a real advert , considering they also made one with a guy who lost an arm, 
  i kinda wish the uk was federal . 
  it would stop a whole lot of arguments between different areas, 
  i honestly do n't understand why cowell has not stopped it yet . 
  he has bgt i am sure he makes enough out of that and with strictly coming back the ratings are going to keep falling . 
  constitution pffffff, 
  the indy campaign is the main reason people have second thoughts in coming to scotland and is actually hampering investment . 
  at the moment there does n't seem to be an appetite for another one however the snp will always push . 
  if you do n't have an opinion on it do n't vote . 
  the snps aim for an independent scotland is to be part of the eu although saying and it actually happening is another thing . 
   uk - return gibraltar back to us !, 
  is n't the old story being that as long as the monkeys are on the rock gibraltar will always be british . 
  politicaly no but for sporting events it is possible for celtic countries to create a joint bid , for example like world cups etc, 
  lol all parties over spend its a blatant fact, 
  worse : crime/police , trigger happy is a nice way of putting it . 
  guns , why , just why . 
  inequality , working class areas are not supported as much as in european countries . 
  politicians , out of the whole of the usa you could only find trump and clinton , jee wiz and i thought we had bad politicians . 
  guns , why , just why , healthcare , not free and is prejudice against working classes . 
  positives : `` normal '' american people are normally very nice compared to occasionally grumpy brits . 
  sports , not that i like many of your sports but the ability to get a full stadium for a college game is very impressive . 
  internet , much much faster although the isps sound horrible . 
  food , certain type of food is better than the british equivalent . 
  edit : format, 
  the scottish borders is a county not a country , maybe i should of clarified it more, 
  hahah i am guessing its the cone on his head . 
  as far as i am aware i think a drunk person one day found a cone and popped it on his head and it has just become tradition . 
  i have young cousins who say , `` can we see the man with a traffic cone on his head '' , when we were in glasgow . 
  the traffic cone has become more well known then the actual statue . 
  in scotland especially in the borders we used to chop englanders heads off and play a game called hand ba , we still celebrate it every year , except obviously its now a egg shaped ball ( no its not a rugby ball ) and not a english head . 
  edit : look here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ba_game, 
  i am learning about german nationalism at the moment and your post has put the origins of the german flag in easier terms than my history teacher, 
  well these people got the `` nul points '' https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xaj62ig3gbo oh god it was horrendous, 
  i 'm not an expert but do n't you need some sort of visa to get into a nordic country . 
  have you made sure you have reached the requirements ? 
  lol i actually did not think that great britain would be the area where most of this thread comes from . 
  i will talk about edinburgh . 
  cheap , nandos , everyone has to try it once . 
  basically its peri peri chicken but its so good . 
  expensive , contini , its an italian that makes amazing pasta and pizzas that i take ages to eat as it tastes amazing, 
  your making it sound like europe is backwards , which it is not . 
  every country have a set of living standards they have to follow . 
  ( especially in the eu ) . 
  in the uk everyone has hot water , mobile network , internet , latest gadgets . 
  we have something called benefits which means the poorer in society do n't live like medivals and live like everyone else in the country, 
  nothing will happen to a jew , especially in the uk . 
  this aint nazi germany you can openly show your religon . 
  times have moved on . 
  i would say that the worst for antisemitism is far right white people . 
  however recently in the labour party ( centre-left also second biggest party ) there has been incidents which have been deemed antisemtic causing huge anger in the uk and has put the labour leader jeremy corbyn under pressure . 
  education system is completely different in scotland . 
  we have nationals 3,4 and 5 then we have highers and advanced highers . 
  all of it seems to be a bit of a faff to be honest . 
  national 5 is supposed to be harder then gcses but not as hard as a levels . 
  highers are supposed to be harder or around a levels and advanced higher are supposed to be the highest out of any level . 
  thats why at uni entry requirements you only need 2 or 3 of them to be accepted . 
  we also stay in primary school for p1-p7 ( p meaning primary ) and in secondary for s1-s6 ( s meaning secondary ) . 
  we dont have any primary school tests . 
  any questions ? 
  just ask, 
  as i am from scotland no one . 
  except england . 
  i love watching everything with zero adverts . 
  thanks bbc, 
  have we ? 
  can you show us some evidence ? 
  i will talk about scotland . 
  at the moment we have the centre left wing party snp in charge of the devolved scottish parliament . 
  now scotland has always moved politically . 
  before margret thatcher took charge scotland was a very conservative ( centre right ) area . 
  after the mines closed many turned towards the labour party ( centre left ) which helped labour win the elections up until 2010 where england voted for a conservative government . 
  however recently as of 2015 the snp have ruled scotland making the labour party weak in the scottish parlaiment and british parliament . 
  there is also a devide in scotland . 
  the south ( dumfries and galloway and the scottish borders ) where i live always vote conservative and voted the highest margin in the independence referendum to stay in the uk are disliked by the pro nationalist snp so we are not listened too . 
  an example could be the floods in a place called hawick a couple of months ago when the snp minister for flooding said that the south should get the money for repairs from westminster as the river originally starts in england . 
  this caused huge outrage in the borders and in some way we got ` revenge ' by giving the conservative candiate who stood up for us around 10,000 votes a head of the next candiate ( which was snp ) . 
  next the central belt .
