  this is the area between glasgow and edinburgh where the majority of people live and where labour used to do well until the rise of the snp . 
  this is where the snp focuses on . 
  then we have the highlands and islands . 
  highlands are a split of snp in the south and more conservative/liberal democrats ( centre party ) in the north . 
  orkney also dislikes the snp and voted the highest percentage against independence . 
  as you can see scotland is a split nation and thanks to the eu referendum there seems to be an urge for a second independence referendum which we wont have until the snp can guarntee a win . 
  a semi-detatched is when you own half or part of your house whilst someone else owns the other part, 
  hahaha yep we seem to want more people in this area xd, 
  a single house so to speak . 
  the whole house is your own, 
  what is your favorite football club ? 
  newcastle united . 
  i try to go to 3 games a year . 
  do you have a favorite supporter chant ? 
  recently our favourite chant is a rafa benitez chant . 
  if you didnt know he is probably one of the best managers in the world and decided to help us get from championship back to premier league football again . 
  link : https://youtu.be/f_mel3me6uk i dont think we have unique traditions but could be wrong . 
  how heated is your biggest rivalry ? 
  would you feel safe wearing your team 's jersey alone in your rival team 's city/territory ? 
  the rivalry is very heated with sunderland . 
  there has been riots after the derby games so on derby days no i would not feel safe but everyother day i would be fine . 
  what about in their stadium ( outside the designated visiting fan section ) ? 
  is football ` hooligan ' culture a big problem in your country ? 
  not as much as it used to be . 
  if you experience any problems you text the stand and seat number of the trouble maker to a number and the officials go and deal with it . 
  normally its more banter than anything . 
  for those who support mid and low-finishing teams : do you get sick of seeing the same 2-3 teams win your country 's title every year ? 
  do fans celebrate things like getting 6th place ( or not getting relegated ) if their team normally does much worse ? 
  and this is where i might be controversal by saying that the premier league is probably the best league in the world . 
  for example this year leicester won it . 
  at the start of the season i didnt know any of the leicester players but now i know all of them . 
  teams like newcastle who by the way were relegated played amazingly well against top teams so leicester had a chance . 
  the table changes most years although there are always the familiar names of manchester united , manchester city and chelsea at the top of the table . 
  economy is good . 
  used to be cashmere but that has died out leaving a lot of technology firms and agriculture . 
  recently whisky seems to be the new market emergimg in the borders . 
  maybe also because there is a older population as the young move to the cities xd there are a lot of nice towns like melrose and kelso for example and nearly everywhere has fibre internet . 
  maybe its not as well known as the rest of the uk as we are not known for doing muchxd, 
  i live in the scottish borders and houses are rather cheap . 
  you can get a large 4 bedroom for under # 350,000 . 
  at the moment this is the most expensive house for sale in the scottish borders : http://www.rightmove.co.uk/property-for-sale/property-40945800.html that is amazingly cheap if you compare to london house prices . 
  edit : formatting, 
  wrc used to be very popular in the uk with the likes of colin mcrae and richard burns but not as much in recent times . 
  probably because it is not massively advertised and people do n't think it is as exciting as class b wrc . 
  edit : i still watch it however and the uk has its own rally which is visited by vast numbers every year, 
  maybe because english came about from the german language which then turned to dutch and then to english . 
  thats why many words are simillar or the same, 
  i have a passport , driving license and as i live in scotland and within a certain age i am able to use a young scot card . 
  young scot card is basically a student card with discounts etc. 
  it is also used to give i think 4 free ferry journeys in scotland . 
  it is also my scottish youth railcard which gives me discounts on trains and discounts on all buses . 
  was is that bad ? 
  all i think i remember was people were calling it a success so idk, 
  the scots on the border have a bit of an english twang to their accent . 
  the english on the border use scottish words/slang such as wee but there accent is quite english , if that makes sense xd, 
  `` the council found that both countries had failed to reduce their deficits to below 3 % of gdp and had not tried hard enough to do so . '', 
  a google search of your question brought up the answer source : http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-36777170 edit : maybe they have had enough of this happening and have fined them to show that it is not acceptable . 
  in some way showing other nations , to not follow suit, 
  germany is the most powerful nation in the eurozone and after investing a lot of money they do n't want to see it go down the drain . 
  they have earned the right to have power, 
  i am from scotland so there is always a rivalry between england in all sports ( especially football and rugby ) , although i have always seen in my eyes a friendly rivalry . 
  an example could be the commenwealth games in glasgow in 2014 where i went to watch the athletics at hampden park and all the british athletes got the same cheer when their name was called out ( including english ) . 
  there is always `` banter '' where i live as i live by the border , about how rubbish the england football team is and about the town called berwick that nobody wants . 
  ( its a town in england bordering scotland that both sides fought over before scotland retreated back to the border it is today . 
  the town itself is a little bit run down ) other than that i cant think of anything else . 
  have a look at r/ukvisa, 
  gun laws which for europeans we find ridiculous , racism , all these transgender issues, 
  yes , i was going to suggest that , its a horrible building, 
  i dont hate america , nor dislike but i dont agree with many of their views . 
  for example gun laws which for europeans we find ridiculous , racism , all these transgender issues , how the americans feel they are the best and most important country in the world and that they are the world police . 
  its more the government than the people . 
  hahahaha unlucky my friend but you never know the eu may tell the uk that there has to be free movement of people and we will all be fine, 
  do n't care to be honest . 
  i will be doing something similar if brexit deal goes wrong by applying for a german passport . 
  anyone but england : ^ ) seriously though portugal i am on holiday there at the moment and i am looking forward to going to the fan park with portugese fans getting very excited . 
  3 ( three ) would be the best network for this : http://www.three.co.uk/support/roaming_and_international, 
  do n't think thats the case considering germany is austrias biggest trading partner , they also have a similar language , culture and i think political system . 
  why in earth would you think that ? 
  for the uk the last major riots happened in 2011 : https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_england_riots that wikipedia page pretty much tells you what you need to know, 
  i do n't think going to war over the falklands is being a baby tbh . 
  there has always been euroscepticism but it has increased thanks to the rise in ukip , people are worried the uk will end up losing its identity if it stays in the eu, 
  i do n't think the uk has been a baby , its just questioning an issue which could have a large effect on the country . 
  yes very . 
  means the next elections will be intresting . 
  although i am still pleased the right man won , 
  i am guessing that you pleased with the result, 
  so in some way if the fp\u00d6 wins would it be like a donald trump in charge ? 
  will you persoanlly move away from austria or will you stay if they win ? 
  especially when you want to go on holiday xd, 
  well , david cameron runs the uk conservative party , however as scotland has its on parliament , we also have a scottish conservative party for the scottish elections run by a lady called ruth davidson . 
  too be fair she is actually a popular and strong women that many tories and everyday voters like . 
  i could be wrong but at the moment the arabs are n't at war . 
  compared to azerbaijan and armenia there literally could be at war in the coming weeks and days , that 's how tense it is . 
  no what i am trying to say is that azerbaijan will probably buy military equipment like what you have said the arabs do and will use that against the armenians . 
  and your telling me azerbaijan would n't do the same against armenia ? 
  many people see azerbaijan like this documentary in the uk : https://youtu.be/oea2xgsibvi too be fair though they do n't seem to restrict their citizens , for example internet and are improving in all spectrums of life but as mentioned it is a small country oil reserves are n't going to last forever . 
  i live in the scottish borders which is the area bordering england on the scottish side . 
  as we normally vote tory the snp hardly invest down here , they focus on the central belt where there are more people . 
  so transport links are terrible . 
  although because of lack of investment in infrastructure the countryside is stunning and to be fair 90 % + of us have fibre internet accessible .
