for those of us that do n't speak russian , what am i looking at ? 
  nobody thinks it was the nsa . 
  you have to be in very deep denial to believe that . 
  the nsa is guilty of many unconstitutional crimes against the american people as well as people abroad . 
  unfortunately , this conflict in ukraine may actually end up validating their need and strengthen the nsa 's foreign spying . 
  but that is a separate issue . 
  no matter where you stand on the issue of succession , make sure you do n't drink your own piss or you run the risk of being north korean and believing your country won the world cup and the olympics . . 
  wow , nice find that is insane !, 
  nobody has to be convinced of the ussr 's major role with germany but japan . . wow, 
   the two innocent russian sisters were booed just because they were from russia thats what i said . 
  the crowd booed because russia is viewed as hostile . 
  but eurovision is supposed to be a song contest not a political theatre . 
  the girls did not deserve to have their 15 minutes of tv overshadowed by politics . 
  i 'm curious to hear how others will answer this question . 
  in short , i would say you 're asking the wrong question . 
  it 's not your people , or your history , it 's your government . 
  europe has a very long and messy history . 
  every country has been invaded as well as having done some invading themselves . 
  germany has a rather * recently * marred past , yet germany is a respected world leader . 
  in present day europe , most countries have rather normalized opinions of each other , despite all of the attacks and invasions of history . 
  people do n't have an issue with russians , the people themselves . 
  unfortunately at eurovision this year , the two innocent russian sisters were booed just because they were from russia , which was complete bullshit . 
  i 'm glad people still voted for them when it came down to points , but booing 17 year old ( i think ) girls for political reasons is just childish . 
  but basically russia has a history of having an unpopular government , both domestically and abroad . 
  the current government policy is a perfect example . 
  what i think is funny is how much money was spent on the sochi olympics for international image and relations , and then literally within weeks russia soured its image completely . 
  i do n't believe you did n't exhale louder than usual !, 
  you 're completely right , but these causes and effects definitely include 1953 and 1979 . 
  there 's many parallels here with cuba and even the creation of al-shabaab via icu . 
  much of this relatively recent religious extremism is a shadow left by decisions made by both sides during the cold war . 
  the soviet union never really made it out of afghanistan , aptly named the graveyard of empires . 
  many of these decisions that we now know had horrible repercussions , may or may not have seemed like good ideas at the time . 
  comment literally makes no sense, 
  those numbers lol . 
  a driver is a driver . 
  the ticket machine is the ticket machine . 
  you either slap your wallet card on it while you walk past the driver , or you step on and drop coins/insert bills . 
  almost everyone keeps money on their card or has a pass . 
  and the assholes that do use the coin machine get dirty looks on city buses , causing everyone to just use pass cards . 
  technology speeds everything up , reduces jobs , and reduces overall costs for the city . 
  2 persons a bus is more efficient . . 
  the delusion about is strong . 
  the trend is to use technology to replace menial tasks . . not the other way around, 
  lol . 
  as if he would actually get prosecuted . 
  it 's his opinion and he does n't like him . 
  is he inciting violence or hurting anyone ? 
  and i hope you do n't actually like laws against political dissidents and free speech . 
  not a good road to go down, 
  this . 
  it hurts, 
  oh no shit , cool . 
  what do you mean he can use the ` american 's line in the passport control ' ? 
  it can happen at any border . 
  if you are going to the states , maybe wearing a ` death to america ' shirt is n't a good idea , and will attract customs agents like flies . 
  i 've never been to saudi arabia , but i would assume that they only go through your shit if you are suspicious or unlucky and get randomly searched . 
  same deal everywhere , only the things that are suspicious or bad change with the country . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  have you ever been to a foreign country ? 
  nobody goes through your shit . 
  and once you 're in schengen , nobody looks at you twice . 
  have fun, 
  russia was n't hated , everyone was still convinced everything was fine with greece , ukraine was n't a warzone , and i believe hungary is no longer liked as much as before . 
  this was a fun blast from the past !, 
  that 's hilarious , i went to greece . 
  apparently i am a mindless sheep = o, 
  is there something us plebs are completely missing or is that dude making a fool of himself ? 
  yeah , as somebody not as closely connected to the situation , why the fuck would that be a thing ? 
  is n't there some kurdish army making surprisingly good headway against isis ? 
  nice spelling :p but very nicely done with excellent sources . 
  this is the absolute best headline of all time . 
  if they like george bush there is something wrong with them lol, 
  it 's absolutely horrible and yet amazing . 
  do n't judge plz, 
  how about we call them nazi death camps and not be dicks about it ? 
  i 'm entirely ok with this . 
  his response to russia has been rational and built influence in the region . 
  not sure if banning the demonstration is best example , personal opinions notwithstanding, 
  i 'm not very familiar with the finer details of this trial , but in any case this woman deserves respect for her capacity for forgiveness . 
  =( send a postcard ? 
  ^ ^ itp : tl ; dr for the article . 
  explain the part where you call him a liar . 
  first the government denied there were any guns , called it humanitarian aid only , then said yeah its guns who cares . 
  who is caught lying here ? 
  journalists are not chased after like whistleblowers , or even close . 
  the whole point of a free media is to help keep the government in check . 
  you 're misunderstanding the author 's meaning, 
  i would assume it means something along the lines of `` some college but not a fully complete degreee '', 
  ha , your comment in that thread was instant win !, 
  i was born in poland and grew up mostly in the us . 
  i learned polish first , english second , and then later german . 
  i have no accent in polish or english . 
  i completely agree with others that learning abstract language concepts early allows you to more easily accept the imperfect nature of languages . 
  teach your kids as much as you can , they 'll thank you later . 
  what now ? 
  he means there are three ways of saying a , and the, 
  only going to point this out because of the thread we 're in , but you said their instead of there :p, 
   if i was ever reborn and god asked my preferred nation of birth it is n't even close . 
  he 's the one with poor eyesight and even worse reading comprehension ? 
  your quote is n't even structured like proper english , but if you try to make sense of your difficult attempt , it says france is not even close to your ` preferred nation of birth . ',
