  but over the last 15 years we have seen that there are some problems to it . 
  i dont think germany will become the `` sick man of europe '' again if schulz just fix some problems while keeping the core of the agenda . 
  german from saxony here , i dont know about a polish minority living in saxony . 
  do you mean the sorben ? 
  they are a offical minority in saxony and brandenburg . 
  im sure . 
  because the far-right afd asked the state government about the number of political crimes sorted by left-wing , right-wing and foreigners . 
  and even the far-left + foreigners committed less crimes than the far-right . 
  many people seem to forget how many times the far-right burned down refugee houses , shot at them from a driving car or even dropped a grenade ( which thank god didnt exploded ) . 
  the far-left definitely commits crimes , for example the blockupy protests in frankfurt am main . 
  but in recent years the far-right has been a bigger threat to germany . 
  i can name quite a few that happened in germany . 
  here , the far-right commits notably more crimes than the far-left, 
   you 're correct . 
  rather than leading europe , she 'll be seen as the person that destroyed the eu by letting in hundreds of thousands of male economic migrants . 
  people think merkel personally took the refugees directly from syria . 
  they have already been here in europe before merkel did anything . 
  remember how the budapest train station looked like during the crisis : http://a.abcnews.com/images/international/gty_budapest_train_station_closed_07_jc_150901_3x2_1600.jpg hungary and the other smaller balkan states could n't handle that many people . 
  so germany did the only right thing and took these people who were already in europe . 
  trying to uphold the , obviously not working , dublin agreement would mean to let greece , hungary and italy take care of the problem alone . 
  the european union has 500 million people living in it . 
  taking care of only 2 million refugees ( only 0.4 % of the union ) would be easy if every body does his part . 
  big protests without violence or chaos . 
  you make europe proud romania !, 
  he is not european bureaucrat . 
  he was the head of the only directly elected institution of the european union , the european parliament and he did a lot in the last 4 years to strengthen its position against the will of european leaders like angela merkel . 
  having immigrants evenly distributed across all 28 member states is not forcing germanys problems on others but fixing the problem that some states think they can get all the money but leave other states out in the rain . 
  do you know what would have happened if merkel had n't taken the refugees during the crisis ? 
  they would all have been stuck in hungary and it would have been orbans problem . 
  germany took them in because we are a big country with more resources than the comparable small hungary . 
  but its not just germany . 
  sticking to the dublin agreement would mean we dump all our problems on italy and greece . 
  the union is made of 28 states and 500 million people . 
  sharing these burden would make it easier for everyone . 
  `` germanys economic discipline '' you know that germanys success in recent years was because of spd reforms , right ? 
  we have a budget plus of 6 billion euros this year . 
  sure , not making new debts is good . 
  but it would be stupid to not invest some of this money . 
  short answer : yes long answer : its complicated . 
  on a individual level , state and church are separated . 
  in your everyday life , it does n't matter what you believe . 
  the state even enforce religious neutrality in public space likes schools . 
  for example , a few years ago a court forced schools in bavaria to get rid of crucifix in class rooms . 
  another time a muslim teacher sued the state of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg because they didnt allowed her to teach while wearing a headscarf . 
  after that some states allow teachers to wear religious symbols , while other dont . 
  on a state level its a different story . 
  the most visible connection of state and church are the `` church-tax '' . 
  the state collects a certain share of your income for either your local catholic or protestant church ( and in some states now for some muslim communities as well ) . 
  its not a state tax , its only collected by the state from every citizen until they official leave their church . 
  not willing to pay this `` tax '' is a big reason for the ever shrinking number of church goers in germany . 
  additional there are many treaties between the churches and the various states . 
  most famous are treaties which force some west german states to pay to the churches as reparation from the territory loss during the napoleonic age . 
  in regards to the possibility of a r2g coalition , in december or november last year leaders of spd , die linke and die gr\u00fcnen met in leipzig and announced that they are open to the idea of forming a coalition after the elections this year . 
  they made clear that all three of them will campaign on their own and that r2g is just one option of many but its more likely than ever before . 
  i like gabriel but i would prefer martin schulz . 
  registered crimes are more or less on a constant level since 2006 . 
  but one could argue that people are more likely to report now than they were before . 
  fun fact : the bit water in the front is called `` tr\u00e4nensee '' or lake of tears . 
  commemorating the tears of all the soldiers that died during this battle . 
  i have been to latvia last year . 
  i tried some kvass and i loved it . 
  missed it ever since !, 
  happy national holiday belgium !, 
  sorry for walking trough you two times ... 
  thats a pretty tram . 
  the tatra t3 in my old hometown still looks like this : http://wagner-verband-leipzig.de/engl/tl_files/daten%20de/pics/gallerys2009/b200906/1.jpg, 
  i really should visit romania soon . 
  i have to decide between slovenia , croatia and now romania . 
  too many beautiful sites in south-eastern europe !, 
  i , for one , welcome our european friends !, 
  happy national day to our favorite neighbors !, 
  love your france < 3, 
  to be fair , the structure of the map does n't really show the reality in eastern germany . 
  many regions are still in bad shape . 
  just look at brandenburg . 
  its the region around berlin thats pulling the state up . 
  but everything more than 50 km away from berlin is still in a though spot . 
  or in mecklenburg everything that is n't at the baltic coast . 
  but i agree , saxony is in good shape . 
  but it has one of the lowest wages in germany , so there is that . 
  the other eastern states have an comparable or higher unemployment rate higher than nrw . 
  nrw needs help to overcome the deindustrialization , not arguing that . 
  i just want to say that this map does n't show the underlying problems in the east . 
   `` we are all equal , but some of us are more equal than others '' the most important decisions have to be unanimously so even small states like malta have a lot of power . 
   even france and germany depend on the eu i do n't disagree here . 
  the union is vital for the economy of every member . 
   i still have the opinion that each member state should have the same vote value this will not work anymore . 
  as i said before , every voice should be heard and concerns should be addressed . 
  but the union has become too big to accommodate for every one all the time . 
  the process of deepening integration has come to a halt since 2007/2008 . 
  we have seen a decade of little to no structural progress . 
  we spent 10 years addressing symptoms but not fighting the cause . 
  states who are ready should go a head and integrate . 
  but all countries should be invited to join later when they are ready . 
  its not that germany and france are leading the eu just because of the strength of their economy . 
  germany and france represent 150 million out of 450 million europeans ( excluding great britain ) . 
  that alone is a third of the population . 
  but each of them also represents one big block of countries . 
  france is close with south-western countries like spain or italy while germany often works together with northern europe ( sweden , finland and often the baltic states ) . 
  also , most of the time the benelux joins them .
