finaly all the hours playing eu4 are paying off http://imgur.com/a/4kh9l, 
  you must have an id but you do n't have to carry it on you all the time . 
  crazy , i stood there just this morning and brought something at the bakery there . 
  beautiful city !, 
  completely unrelated to the topic but kvass is really good . 
  i have tasted it last year in latvia . 
  its a shame i have n't found it in germany yet . 
  i know . 
  but i have only visited barcelona so far . 
  and i can not know if this design is exclusiv to catalonian cities or if all cities in spain are like this . 
  thats not true . 
  the german goverment acknowledged the genocide . 
  i really like the layout of spanish ( or in this case catalonien ) cities . 
  the small shadowy streets are helpful when trying to escape the southern sun . 
  i had a good time walking down la rambla or visiting eixample in barcelona a few years ago . 
  he is not jewish . 
  his mother was catholic . 
  now take off your tin-foil hat . 
  there is no proof that he said these exact words . 
  whats more realistic is that he said that germany cares about the safety of israel and that our two countries have a special relation . 
  because thats the official stand of basicly every german goverment since the second world war . 
  fake news, 
  i was torn on how to translate it . 
  i wanted to avoid the situation that some people read `` social justice '' and think martin schulz = sjw . 
  but you are right . 
  a more literal translation would be social justice . 
  both parties have yet to present their manifesto . 
  so most of the things i say are mostly educated guess from what we have seen so far from the parties and their leaders . 
  the spd and the cdu are actually pretty close on the political spectrum . 
  with the spd being center-left and the cdu center-right ( but pushed quite a bit to the left during the last 12 years under merkel ) . 
  they have ruled together 8 of the last 12 years . 
  most of the time without any real conflict inside the coalition . 
  so dont expect drastic changes , no matter who wins . 
  the cdu presents more or less the status-quo , stability and a more conservativ spending policy . 
  `` die schwarze null '' , or no new debts have become a important part of merkels goverment in the last few years . 
  schulz has said multiple times that germany is in a good shape right now , and he wants to adjust things not radical alter everything . 
  the most important topic right now is `` soziale gerechtigkeit '' , which can be translated to social security . 
  for example higher minimum wage , extend the duration of unemployment benefits for older people and ending some unfair employment tactics . 
  he also want more european cooperation and a harder stance against the enemies of the european union . 
  but thats really just a basic overview . 
  we will start seeing more concrete points in a month or two . 
  he has been the president of the european parliment . 
  he has worked with bascily every european leader in the last few years . 
  international relations is his strong suit . 
  its domestic policies where merkel is ahead of him . 
  yes . 
  schultz even called them a shame for germany . 
  his hard stance on right-wing populism is one of the reasons for his recent popularity . 
  if he even considers talking with them , he and the spd would be dead . 
  well , lets just say its complicated . 
  the hatred between the social democrats ( spd ) and the more radical left wing originated in the last years of the kaiserreich and immediatly after during the `` spartakus aufstand '' . 
  the modern party `` die linke '' is made of left wing splitters who left the spd because they felt betrayed by the labour market reforms . 
  they joined the succesor of the former communist party of the gdr . 
  their is some deep hatred between some elements in both parties but more moderat powers are trying to repair the relationship , as the last few years have shown that their is no way that the spd can rule without support from `` die linke '', 
  yes . 
  poland had a gdp of 253 billion us-dollar in 2004 which had grown to 530 billion dollar in 2008 . 
  thank you for pointing that out . 
  i cant find a source for what i said so i edited my post . 
  ofcourse thats not forever . 
  just pumping money into poland and let the rest go to hell would be completly fucked up . 
  thats true . 
  but if this works , and poland as biggest former socialist state gets to a level like france or germany , it would boost the whole european economy and they would now give money to the eu which in return can be used to boost the next country and than the next , etc. . . 
  the obviouse problem is that some countries have to wait . 
  but its niot like poland absorbs everything . 
  other countries are getting money aswell . 
  just less in total numbers than poland for now . 
  its not `` leeching '' , the eus plan is to kickstart the polish economy by heavily investing money . 
  its a experiment . 
  to see if you could bring a country to the same level as the other western european states by giving them a lot of cash . 
  and i must say , its working . 
  its economy doubled in just the 4 years between 2004 and 2008 !, 
  and its economy is growing ever since they joined the eu . 
  ofcourse , your are right that pis is really trying its best to work against the union , but until recently poland was firmly integrated into the unions structures . 
  i hope pis change its stance or another more pro-eu party gets elected . 
  edit : some one pointed out that this is a myth . 
  im sure i have read something about this but i couldnt find a source after a quick google search . 
  poland did in fact received the largest share of the development fond in the period after it joined the eu but thats all in can confirm right now . 
  im sorry that i talked out of my ass without fact checking . 
  didnt our two great weapon manufacturs ( krauss-maffei-wegmann and nexter ) just merged recently ? 
  i know that germany and france are developing their next mbt together . 
  it looks really interesting . 
  i visited estonia last summer but i think i have to come again some time soon . 
  happy national day !, 
  also , these uniforms are looking great . 
  the first `` pulse of europe '' rallies were initiated by a lawyer in frankfurt am main back in november last year . 
  now everyone who wants to do something similar is free to contact them on their website : http://pulseofeurope.eu the plan is to have rallies every sunday . 
  in contrast to a far-right movement ( pegida : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pegida ) here in germany , which has rallies every monday . 
  thats because `` pulse of europe '' was founded by a lawyer in frankfurt am main in november last year . 
  and now its slowly spreading trough germany . 
  it takes longer to get to other european countries because of the language barrier . 
  okay maybe i didnt made my point clear : 1990 ukr : 81 billion usd pol : 64 billion 2000 : 31 billion - 171 billion 2004 : 64 billion - 253 billion 2008 : 180 billion - 530 billion 2013 : 177 billion - 528 billion . 
  as you can see the with the west alligned poland had a much bigger growth than a comparable not western country . 
  also poland received way more money than other former communist eu members, 
  the comparison is not that far off . 
  just after the end of the cold war ukrainse economy was a little bigger than polands . 
  now polands is more than three times the size of ukrainse economy . 
   ( polls generally underestimate right wing parties because of the social stigma associated with it ) not in germany . 
  during the last few state elecdtions polls often overestimated the afd . 
  well put . 
  i think schr\u00f6ders reforms were needed to make germany economy grow again after the hard integration of the former gdr .
