   he 'd try to panda to china i do n't think the chinese are short on pandas . 
  what a vile cunt . 
  jesus christ , that 's tacky on a whole new level . 
  i do n't blame them . 
  we 'll take spain any day , old scores to settle and all that . 
  it 's good for troop morale , having the old enemy back . 
  i still have `` debiteuren , crediteuren '' on vhs , but no machine to play it with . 
  just a lighthearted bit of fun , i do n't see the problem . 
  anglo-dutch war number . . what are we on now ? 
  the good old days of dutch television . 
  did you not see that post about finnish baseball ? 
  it sure took a while , but this is great news . 
  encourage healthy eating , do n't try to forcibly discourage unhealthy eating , it does n't work . 
  finland tried the same thing , and they saw the same result as this always leads to : a drop in consumption at first , but the pattern goes right back to the way it was , soon after . 
  meanwhile , i 've still got my henry . 
  you ca n't have too much actual playing , it does n't leave enough room for all the advertising . 
  we actually have quite a lot of universities that are ranked highly . 
  there are 13 dutch universities in the top 200 worldwide , five of which are in the top 100 worldwide . 
  as it is now , dutch law recognises marriages if they were officially recognised in the country in which they were performed , but that is likely to be changed soon . 
  people are not having it . 
  well , i 'm not a muslim , so i doubt i 'd be in contention for the ` true muslim ' status . 
  i live in a majority muslim area though , like 80 % of my apartment building is muslim ( or arabic , anyway , i ca n't be sure they 're all muslims ) , so i get all the benefits of the most delicious food in the world being served all around me and having neighbours who are super friendly , without the drag of having the pray five times a day and having to fast for like a month every so often . 
  turns out 4chan was right all along . 
  that 's a bit rich , coming from the russian government . 
  i used to be in favour of turkey joining , but unless their current regime changes drastically i have to oppose . 
  if i were setting up a stabbing i was hoping to survive , in order to get myself elected , i would n't tell the guy to stab me in the fucking neck . . then there is the guy who , if it were all a big bad evil conspiracy , they convinced to carry out the stabbing , who is now going to go on trial for attempted murder and will be doing quite the prison sentence . 
  i 'm sure the renowned neo-nazi was more than happy to go to jail for attempted murder in order to get a left-winger elected mayor of cologne . 
  then there is the aide , who apparently volunteered to join in with the plot and get stabbed as well , just to make it that much more convincing . 
  all that , so that she could become mayor of cologne . . 
  sounds plausible . . 
  you think she hired a guy to * stab her in the neck * , and stab one of her aides , so she might secure the election ? 
  it 's not that convenient , seeing as she nearly died and is still in bad condition in hospital , and the guy who did it is being charged with attempted murder . 
  minsk ii appears to be holding up decently . 
  if it helps , you 're still in the top 50 for now . . 
  the us is n't particularly good on press freedom , usually among the lower ranks for western nations , but you 're a solid margin above turkey . 
  the reporters without borders 2015 pfi had my own country of the netherlands ranked 4 ^ th in the world on freedom of the press , the us ranked 49 ^ th in the world , and turkey 149 ^ th in the world , so you 've got a good margin on them . 
  how do you stand on freedom of the press ? 
  because as a journalist , i find the turkish regime to be absolutely disgusting . 
  turkey has established a strong tradition of turning a blind eye to isis . 
  that was surprisingly well-produced . 
  you have to be careful with that cake stuff . 
  in czechoslovakia , it 's known to cause something called `` czech-neck '' . 
  it does pick up plenty of comments along the lines of `` well , they 're muslims so fuck them '' though . 
  / r/europe really is lovely these days . 
  already , the top comments are one user reminding everyone that there are also muslims who do terrible things so we should n't feel sorry for these victims regardless of what happened to them because they are muslims as well , and another user saying the victims should `` shut the fuck up and go to your country if you think you are not welcomed here '' . 
  real good stuff . 
  `` this may sound like a tragic story , but before you feel bad for these victims , let me remind you that there are also other people who throw acid into people 's faces , which is not related to this story in any way , but they belong to the same religion as the victims in this story , so yeah fuck them '', 
  back in my day it was a 3 pill maximum . 
  kids these days . . 
  the worst . 
  who gives a shit if the guy is into women or men ? 
  i thought the vatican was trying to move out of the 18 ^ th century these days . . 
  yeah , boris loves his rugby . 
  [ he even does it in football matches ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uoivzorc0i8 ) . 
  well . . it 's a refugee shelter . 
   according to the poll conducted by the levada center between 18 and 24 july 80 % of russians surveyed believed that the crash of mh17 was caused by the ukrainian military . 
  only 3 % of respondents to the poll blamed the disaster on pro-russian separatists in eastern ukraine jesus . 
  i thought it was `` because that 's what just about every country in europe was doing at the time '' . 
   police fired tear gas and scuffled with the mourners on sunday , some chanting `` murderer erdogan !, 
  '' , who tried to reach the site of the explosions to lay flowers . 
  are you sure they 're blaming isis ? 
  because it sure sounds like they 're blaming the government . . 
  if a dildo flag can be an isis flag , i do n't see any reason they would n't run with this one . 
  well , i did n't see that coming . 
  i guess he 's just a very good campaigner . 
  no good ones , really . 
  i just listen to stubru and bbc online . 
  basically , yeah . 
  they 're essentially the same language , but spoken slightly differently . 
  they use certain words and expressions that we do n't , and vice versa . 
  mine was a joke though , referring to the fact that dutch and flemish are basically the same language . 
  as wiki puts it : `` flemish , or belgian dutch , is the dutch language as spoken in flanders , the northern part of belgium '' . 
  still , germanic languages for the win !, 
  i never learned flemish in school , but somehow i understood every word of that . 
  depends what part of eastern europe you 're in . 
  did n't the prince of liechtenstein sell off a bunch of really valuable art from his personal collection to save the country from bankruptcy at one point ? 
  or am i thinking of somewhere else ? 
  `` when i was a boy and i would see scary things in the news , my mother would say to me , `` look for the helpers . 
  you will always find people who are helping . '' -- fred rogers, 
  well , i can only speak for myself , but i find it unfortunate because i 'm not a fan of the german far-right . 
  shit , those are some of the dutchest kids i 've ever seen . 
  nice drollenvangers , too . 
  with the refugee crisis , that was unfortunately very likely to happen . 
  what a cunt . 
  political terrorism \u2260 islamic terrorism move along now . 
  a correction is not an insult , in fact it 's done to benefit you rather than me . 
  i 'll happily move along , though . 
  perhaps i 'll see you again some time , trying to make a point about islam in a thread about bridges in frankfurt or something . 
  italian is delicious . 
  first you bring up islam , then you bring up syria , why do you keep mentioning things that have nothing to do with this news story ? 
  also , i 'm not a liberal . 
  what 's that thing they always say about making assumptions again ? 
  yesterday a masked mugger robbed my grandmother , can you believe that ? 
  thanks , islam !, 
  you 're a moron . 
  you ca n't actually be this thick . 
  islam had nothing to do with it , it was an attack aimed at the followers and members of the hdp , a political party . 
  if you 're going to exploit this tragedy to make a point against something , like only a pathetic twat does , do it to make a point against nationalism , or political terrorism , as that would actually be relevant to this news story . 
  it 's a politically motivated attack , not a religious one . 
  could also just have been removed by automod .
