  german police are among the few in the eu who are authorised to carry off-duty as well . 
  quoting someone \u2260 ad verecundiam ` ad verecundiam ' is when you say a person 's statement about something is probably correct , just because that person is an authority on the subject in question . 
  providing a quote that you like or you feel is appropriate is not the same thing as an ad verecundiam argument . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying . 
  if one-sided reporting makes it propaganda , than all the media is constantly engaging in propaganda , including all the russian ones . 
  good move . 
  keep the bitching about / r/europe out of / r/europe ( and i say that as someone who loves to bitch about r/europe , it 's just better for everyone if it does n't clog up the sub ) . 
   providing one-sided information is a classic propaganda move . 
  by that logic , all of the media ( be it western , russian , american , asain , african , or otherwise ) is engaging in classic propaganda moves almost constantly . 
  providing one-sided information is a staple of the modern-day media all over the planet . 
  yeah , they use it for all kinds of situations , just like we do with our thoroughly ingrained god-related chants , expressions , and phrases . 
  i do n't even believe in god but i mention him all the time . 
  i 'm assuming the average middle-easterner is about as well-informed about the west as the average westerner is about the middle-east . 
  interesting gif ... any accompanying article , backstory , point , or anything ? 
  not to be difficult here , but submissions here tend to come with a news story of some kind , or at least the lead-up to how it happened . 
  sorry buddy , we 're not taking the bait . 
  i would n't call that mocking the dead child . . 
  elections are much more efficient that way . 
  i 've used a bb gun before , when i was like 15 . . does that count ? 
  i really just have no interest in firearms of any kind , and everyone i know feels the same way . 
  i 've talked to americans on reddit who insist that citizen gun ownership must be legalised in all countries because otherwise `` you ca n't be safe '' or `` you have no freedom '' , but i 've never heard anyone here express the sentiment that they actually * wanted * a gun ( with the exception of some criminal types i used to hang out with when i was younger ) . 
  that said , i do n't necessarily have anything against people wanting to own a gun , i just have no desire to . 
  oh man , this is a juicy one . 
  he used his accounts to talk shit about his other accounts , that is glorious . 
   you dislike a view point that i might hold so therefore i must be silenced ...  i was not complaining about being silenced, 
  when can all see you complain about being silenced , and the reason we can all see you complain about being silenced , is that you are n't being silenced . . 
  the smartest dutchman alive , the smartest german alive , and the smartest belgian alive are on a private flight together . 
  suddenly the pilot comes out of the cockpit screaming that the engines have failed and they are going to crash , and that there are only three parachutes . 
  the pilot then grabs one of the parachutes and jumps out of the plane . 
  the belgian says `` i am of essential importance to my country so i must have a parachute !, 
  '' , grabs a parachute and jumps . 
  the german and the dutchman look at each other , and the german says `` what do we do now ? 
  '' , to which the dutchman replies `` you take one parachute and jump , i 'll take the other parachute and jump , and we 'll say a prayer together for the belgian who just jumped out of a plane with only my backpack and the lunch inside it '' . 
  the simplest answer is that there is a difference between migrants and refugees . 
  i was so with you on the first sentence , but then you had to go and lose me completely with the second . 
  it 's never too early for vodka , my friend . 
  what about everyone 's favourite mod ? 
  always a good source for balanced , well-thought analysis of world events . 
  rightly so , sweden is an independent country , and as such it has every right to join nato if it so chooses . 
  it has absolutely * nothing * to do with russia , so how they get it into their heads that they should threaten `` retaliatory measures '' i do not know . 
  you ca n't retaliate against a nation that has done nothing to you . 
  russia 's paranoia about independent , sovereign nations making their own decisions regarding their security policy is laughable . 
  a sad day for the english and the welsh . 
  lol , that 's brilliant . 
  germans are wonderfully dry . 
  edit : just realised he 's austrian ( my ear for accents is a bit out of practice ) , still . . 
  a true dutchman makes his own sat\u00e9saus of course , but there are some varieties you can buy in stores that are good as well . 
  the `` mora kipsat\u00e9 '' is not in that category , however . 
  i can tolerate the [ wijko ] ( http://www.appiehein.com/415-665-thickbox/satesaus.jpg ) and the [ verstegen ] ( http://www.chauffeursforum.nl/uploads/monthly_12_2012/post-2002-1394788088,5367.jpg ) ones , but if you 're having a bbq or something you really should just make your own and plenty of it . 
  home-made sat\u00e9saus = best sat\u00e9saus . 
  fritesaus and sat\u00e9saus , the joys of life . 
  how did we beat norway ? 
  i 'd much rather live there . 
  nigel `` archbishop of banterbury '' farage . 
  i 've just realised i do n't even know what my own country 's laws regarding transgender people are . 
  good for the irish , anyway . 
  cheeky nigel . 
  you know the guy 's just called `` cgpgrey '' , right ? 
  first time around i just assumed your ` c ' key had gotten stuck or something . . 
  well , the english , for quite a lot of their history . 
  we did go to war 4 times . 
  and you thought game of thrones was crazy . . 
  if you hover your cursor over it , you 'll see the url that it links to , and you 'll see that that is indeed the title of the article . 
  are those 70 % of britons aware that the governments they 've had ( and voted into power ) have been doing just that for decades now ? 
  well played , romania . 
  well played . 
  my russian is n't great , but it 's something like `` bezhenjetz '' . 
  the \u0416 is pronounced sort of like `` zhj '' , the h is an n , and the \u0426 is a `` ts '' . 
  the e 's are just e 's , but they tend to be pronounced more like `` je '' in russian . 
  no hate , but if / r/usa hosted a weekly `` what happened in your state this week ? '', 
  thread and i commented with `` well , here in the netherlands , there was an incident at a school in zaandam '' , people might find that irrelevant . 
  it seems to get worse every year . 
  exactly , it 's like calling australian people strayans . 
  just a bit of harmless fun . 
  i 'm quite fond of it as well . 
  the atlas of prejudice is a goldmine . 
  i definitely recommend it . 
  say , the vatican , jesus was sort of a `` lead by example '' guy , was n't he ? 
  i 'm really loving how the romanians are actively trying to stomp out corruption . 
  there 's plenty of it to go around of course , but at least they 're doing something about it . 
  there are some religious people who do n't think anything should be separate from religion . 
  from * their * religion , anyway . 
  i believe that 's where the night 's king lives . 
  is she referring to the shteyngart novel ? 
  or is that just a common expression i 'm unaware of ? 
  i 'm more worried about the people drowning than about the pictures of them , to be honest . 
  if it were n't for the pictures , those drowned children would n't be on your mind right now . 
  four thousand migrants have drowned while trying to get to europe this year alone , and we 've been repeatedly told about it , and we reacted almost indifferently . 
  but when we see a picture of one of them , dead , especially a child , we feel it 's all `` a bit much to be exposed to '' . 
  hundreds of thousands of people have been needlessly killed in syria , and we 've been hearing about those numbers on the news again and again , and it barely moves us . 
  the photographs are what really confront us with the reality , and because we hate that reality and feel powerless to do something about it , we rage at the fact that we 've been confronted with it , in the form of a photograph , because we ca n't really do anything about the thing that actually angers us . 
  it is not only `` right '' to share those pictures despite how they make us feel , it serves a purpose because of how they make us feel . 
  knowing the current turkish regime , they 'll frame the journalists for their own crime . 
  well , that was a waste of time . 
  it appears to be based on absolutely nothing . 
   mods : i feel you are abandoning your former community - those well behaved and intelligent enough not to turn this into a shitfest . 
  your inaction invites a huge bydlo crowd and leads to negative selection where the more interesting users flee for greener pastures and only the ukip/fn/pegida / third way assholes will be left . 
  please do your job . 
   edith schippers ( liberal party ) i know the vvd members like to refer to themselves as liberals , as often as possible to compensate for the fact that they 're actually not at all , but let 's not play along . 
  ops attempts are always gold .
