  is this what you needed to `` free yourselves from the yoke of brussels ' state tyranny '' for ? 
  i know , it 's terrible . 
  i 'm aware of the dutch constitution and which rights and duties it provides , believe it or not . 
  i know it 's lawful , and you 'll find i never claimed otherwise ; i 'm just saying i disagree with it . 
  saying `` i 'm a proponent of freedom of speech and as such disagree with this '' and saying `` i believe the dutch constitution mandates geert 's freedom to say these things '' are two entirely different things . 
  now , i do n't care for crazy uncle geert and his anti-freedom party , but as a proponent of freedom of speech i can not get behind this trial and verdict . 
  it 's ridiculous , and if anything it 's only playing into his hand . 
  surely he 's used to it ? 
  are those supposed to look ugly ? 
  because i would strongly disagree . 
  most of it looks like it 's from a science-fiction film . 
  beautiful . 
  i 'm shocked . 
  shocked i tell you . 
  as a devout shower man , i would n't mind banning bathtubs . 
  they 're lethal !, 
  think of the children !, 
  rain is the default condition . 
  then there are additional , temporary conditions that can occur sometimes , such as hail , snow , sunshine , brief periods without rain , etc. 
  i suppose they would . 
  i had n't thought of that . 
  nice , good work from the italian intelligence services . 
   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walrus-class_submarine are n't those the ones that are apparently in need of replacing ? 
  ` mediocre ' is a flattering description for our navy . 
  what , nigel farage a colossal hypocrite ?!, 
  no , i refuse to believe that . . / s, 
  running a music venue and deciding which bands to have play and which not to have play \u2260 refusing service to customers based on what religion they follow . 
  and you know that , deep down . 
  you 're just not going to let it get in the way of your agenda . 
  it 's a tricky one to get going , but once you 've picked up some speed you 'd better hold tight . 
  i mean , we have been having this discussion as a nation for at least 30 years now . 
  pretending this suddenly appeared out of nowhere because of foreign media is just silly . 
  there were * sesame street * episodes back in the 80s in which [ gerda haverdijk taught children that black people are not all black petes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jic715md_mu ) , after big bird assumes she must be one , `` just without the costume '' . 
  tedious a discussion as it is , it 's hardly a new one . 
  i also love christmas . 
  sinterklaas is an entirely different holiday , though . 
  this has nothing to do with christmas . 
  unless it 's a national holiday or the national football team is playing , it is typically associated with nationalism and the far-right , which people generally find off-putting . 
  as a result , people who do n't fall into that category tend not to walk around displaying the national flag . 
  they 're free to do so , but for the most part they choose not to . 
  none of this has anything to do with political correctness , or the left , or the eu , or zwarte piet . 
  you 're talking out of your ass . 
  you have the right to do that , but it does n't serve you well . 
  it 's their venue , they can deny them entry if they want to . 
  after what hughes said , i would have told him to fuck off as well . 
  it was about damned time . 
  thank you . 
  no it is n't . 
  as a dutchman i understand the importance and greatness of cheese , but this is a bit much . 
   quitaly lol . 
  i dislike all the people in this video . 
  that 's some serious cringe . 
  everything gets worse under the new regime . 
  herodotus ' description of the budini people : `` the bhudini are a large and powerful nation : they all have deep blue eyes , and bright red hair . 
  there is a town in their country called gelonus which is made out of wood . 
  each side of its high outer wall is thirty stades long , made entirely of wood , and wood has been used for all its houses and shrines too . 
  they have sanctuaries there which are dedicated to the greek gods and equipped in the greek manner with statues , altars and buildings of wood ; and every third year they celebrate a festival of dionysus and become possessed by the god . 
  the bhudini , however , differ from the gelonians in both language and lifestyle . 
  the bhudinians , who are nomadic , are the indigenous inhabitants of the country , and they are the only race there to eat lice , whereas the geolonians are farmers , grain-eaters and gardeners ; moreover , the two sets of people are altogether dissimilar in appearance and colouring ... 
  the land is entirely covered with forests of every conceivable species of tree . 
  in the largest forest there is a large , wide lake , surrounded by a reedy marsh . 
  they capture otters and beavers in this lake , and also a square-faced creature whose skin they sew as a trimming on to their jackets , and whose testicles are good for healing diseases of the womb . '', 
  well played , op . 
  i remember when the kremlin assured us that the `` green men '' in crimea were n't russian soldiers . 
  and i also remember after the referendum had taken place and they no longer had need to keep the lie going , when the kremlin admitted they actually were russian soldiers , and that they were sent there by the government . 
  maybe these are private volunteers , it 's certainly possible , but i 've never had any reason to trust anything the kremlin tells me . 
   member after member sounded off on how `` frightening '' , `` tragic '' and `` scary '' the scene was . 
  others decried that such a thing could happen in norway ( it did n't ) and worried that the phantom passengers could have `` weapons and bombs '' under their garments ( they did n't because , well , there were no passengers ) . 
   `` it looks really scary , should be banned . 
  you can never know who is under there . 
  could be terrorists with weapons , '' one group user wrote . 
   `` get them out of our country , those who look like collapsed umbrellas . 
  frightening times we are living in , '' wrote another . 
   `` i thought it would be like this in the year 2050 , but it is happening now !!!, 
  ! '' another alarmist chimed in . 
  we must end the bigotry against empty bus seats . 
  they 're here , they 're inanimate objects , get used to it . 
  anything that annoys those nutty cunts is okay in my book . 
  italy , most likely . 
   a fietsstraator - or bike street i was just going down the fietsstraator this morning . 
  here it set in 1581 . 
  it was pre-1581 . 
  denmark declared war against the habsburg netherlands . 
  that 's the benelux , not the netherlands . 
  beaucoup ! '', 
  edited to add , for those unfamiliar : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gczkm8cl2hs it 's a great show . 
  acceptable answers for the netherlands : bitterballen , broodje bal , broodje rookworst , broodje frikandel , broodje kroket . 
  what stadium did this guy go to ? 
   england : beef tea ? 
   321m give us some credit , [ it 's actually 322m . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vaalserberg ) that 's practically a mountain !, 
  also , does [ mount scenery ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery ) count ? 
  legally speaking , saba is part of the country . 
   speculation in german media said the attack may have been part of a robbery attempt but police said that that motive could not be confirmed . 
  he walked in , started stabbing random people , and ran out . 
  i doubt he was trying to rob the place . 
   one eyewitness , who ran from the scene into a nearby shop as the situation unfolded , told german broadcaster ntv that it seemed `` hectic and confused , not like a properly planned attack '' . 
  why is norway included , but not the uk ? 
  with fervor , and joy . 
   three men with ties to the swedish neo-nazi movement were sentenced on friday to up to eight and a half years in prison for bomb attacks in western sweden over the past year .
