  '' , you 've been doing nothing else for 2 days now . 
  you 're obsessed , paranoid , and a bit childish . 
  have a good day , expect no further response from me . 
  you 've been going back and forth with random strangers about this for literally days now , and creating multiple threads about it to get other people to join in . 
  it is butthurt pur sang , and it annoys users . 
  i 'm not getting involved , and i 'm not watching your documentary . 
  just move on with your life . 
  just stop it , dude . 
  your butthurt over this nonsense has gone on long enough , it does n't need to take up three threads . 
  let it go . 
  exactly , i 'm getting pretty tired of everyone who criticizes the kremlin 's actions being labelled `` anti-russian '' . 
  i have no problem with russian people , i 've been to russia a few times and it 's a lovely , beautiful country . 
  just because i do n't like the actions of their government does n't mean i 'm `` anti-russian '' . 
  it 's like the whole `` everyone in europe is anti-american '' thing all over again . 
  i believe it might be for lack of relevancy to europe . 
  edited to add : and it probably also did n't help your case when you said `` fuck those niggers '' further below . 
  i 'd completely forgotten . 
  thanks for reminding me !, 
  no russian troops though , 
  do they not do the [ copenhagen criteria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/copenhagen_criteria ) any more ? 
  i think there is n't a way to really measure any country 's ` europeanness ' , so they just go by a set of criteria . 
  as long as you stay out of the conflict areas you 'll be fine . 
  i know that 's what they meant , i was just making a joke referencing the fact that an actually vertical pipeline would be useless , because they had n't specified that they meant `` vertical across the map '' rather than literally vertical . 
  it was but a joke . 
  it 's a slippery slope from disco on the radio to the extinction of the human race . 
  wait ... a * vertical * pipeline ? 
  `` an exemplary example of interstate cooperation '' between two states who cooperate all the time , on lots of things . . 
  exactly , i do n't see how this should be news . 
  we must annex flanders !, 
  the dutch-speaking populations in belgium can no longer be allowed to suffer under the fascist , gay , atheist western junta of brussels . 
  why are we talking about america all of a sudden ? 
  i do n't really understand the idea behind us being gays . 
  why would one think that a particular country would have a significantly higher number of gay people than any other country ? 
  and what is it about that country that supposedly leads to it having a disproportionate number of gay people in comparison to other countries ? 
  the logic eludes me . 
  i know we 're known to some for being quite a tolerant people , and we were the first to have gay marriage , but none of that affects the * number * of gay people in existence in our country . 
  i 'm fairly certain the percentage of our population that is gay is roughly equal to that of other european countries . 
  as a lifelong atheist , i would just advise everyone reading this person 's comment to remember that this type of sophomoric , retarded drivel is not representative of atheists in general . 
  [ holy shit ] ( http://i616.photobucket.com/albums/tt247/graphene_gfx/ryan%20reynolds%20gifs/definitely%20maybe/yuck.gif ), 
  the institutionalized denial of the armenian genocide by turkish officials is a disgusting embarrassment . 
  guyana getting involved , did not expect that . 
  or is that french guyana ? 
  either way , i did n't see that coming . 
  he 's never had my vote and he never will . 
  there are n't many parties i would consider even less likely than his to get my vote , and those are all small , insignificant parties anyway . 
  it 's bad enough that we 've had to endure this sad , opportunistic , reactionary , snake-oil salesman for as long as we 've had to , but it goes from national embarrassment to international embarrassment when he starts spouting his shit abroad . 
  fieldhockey , for some reason . 
  i do n't really get it myself . 
  my favourite sport by far is rugby , although i do also like football . 
  i do n't really get the `` supermarket '' , `` house of cards '' and the `` fallen heroes '' bits . 
  anyone with more knowledge of viking history than me care to elaborate ? 
   during an honor division match lol , someone used google translate . 
  joking aside , there are a * lot * of football fans here who are just complete and utter morons , and it 's a shame that they feel the need to ruin it for the majority , as well as often harming the club they supposedly support . 
  if i 'm not mistaken we were the first to have gay marriage , all the way back in 2001 . 
  all things considered , it 's seems to be just fine . 
  not that big of a deal for most people really . 
  gerrit callewaert [ approves . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qe57zsos1am ), 
  i 'd rather have italian food and german cars , personally . 
  i 'm jealous of estonia in general . 
  much more economic freedom , government is n't in your business all the time , it 's a wonderful country . 
  if only slartiblartfast had taken more interest in the rest of us . 
  did i say that ? 
  please , point to the part where i said , or even implied , that `` the nazi battalions are nice guys '' . . 
  it 's like an extension of the austria/australia confusion that seems to plague so many people . 
  true , although i 'm not just talking about the language , more about how people from some countries either confuse our culture with theirs , or are simply unaware of our existence and see everything dutch as being german . 
  this is mostly an american thing ; for example , in america you have these people known as `` the pennsylvania dutch '' , they are a sort of amish people who migrated to the us from germany , nothing to do with the dutch . 
  9 out of 10 people in hollywood films who are introduced as being dutch speak with clearly german accents , and often they 'll speak german rather than dutch when they are speaking to other supposedly dutch characters . 
  if you are dutch , these things are very noticeable , and a bit annoying . 
  i 'm just preparing for the worst . 
  that 's the infamous `` suicide song '' , is n't it ? 
  i heard a version of it in english once , god it 's depressing . 
  mostly just people confusing us with germans . 
  that tends to happen a lot . 
  of course , that would be absurd . 
  i strongly doubt they 'll actually go through with it , it 's just talk . 
  it would n't be against the law , but they would never even come close to coming close to having a shot at winning an election . 
  what a sick fuck . 
  it has its pros and its cons , and plenty of both . 
  i 'd say , for most people , the pros outweigh the cons considerably . 
  `` birdshit . . not recommend '' , this is hilarious . 
  liberal democrats , but i already knew that . 
  was n't expecting it to be as high as 95 % though . 
   local priest peter holbicka said : `` the sister in question has been removed from the school and i shall be taking the matter up with her personally . '', 
  how about the police taking the matter up with her ? 
  as i said , it is n't . 
  the clue was in the `` i ca n't think of a single country i would classify as `` boring '' '' and the `` i ca n't imagine them being boring though . '', 
  bits . 
  liechtenstein is one of the most fascinating countries in the world . 
  i ca n't think of a single country i would classify as `` boring '' , but i suppose there are countries you do n't hear from that much ( at least where i am ) , like slovakia or malta for example . 
  i ca n't imagine them being boring though . 
  i 'm assuming the russian press is talking about how bad it is that this alleged separatism is happening in ukraine ? 
  after all , russian law expressly forbids separatism . . 
  having visited the country three times , i think it depends very much on where you are . 
  prague is a typical first world capital , no doubt about it , but if you go a bit further east or into the rural areas , things start to look very different . 
  i 'd say the czech republic is a first world country , but not a typically `` western '' first world country . 
  wonderful country though , i hope to get another chance to go there again some time soon . 
   trolled internet for ways to commit suicide i 'm guessing you meant `` trawled the internet for ways to commit suicide '' ? 
  lizzy looking at her shoes like `` this is what you 're wearing when you meet * me * ? '', 
  hopefully we can finally get some sort of closure on this at some point , seeing as justice seems to be an unreasonable expectation in this case .
