  this is one of the reasons why i love winter so much . 
  using [ this interactive map ] ( http://www.meertens.knaw.nl/projecten/sprekende_kaart/svg/ ) , you can click on different cities/towns all over the netherlands and hear one or more local people speak ( you 'll first hear the name of the place , followed by some recorded conversation of one or more persons from that place ) . 
  the most north-eastern and most south-eastern dialects are often difficult to understand , for me . 
  lots of different dialects . 
  i 'm from the hague , when i listen to the one from schiermonniksoog ( the most northern one , on the little island ) , i have no clue what they 're talking about . 
  on dutch television people with heavy the hague accents often get subtitled , as well . 
  their marriage would n't be recognised back home though , i think . 
  now that 's a good looking breakfast . 
  ca n't have them all , finland . 
  looking at the footage , this guy is an absolute cunt . 
  he smashes the guy 's face in with a piece of wood , for the heinous crime of having an accent . 
  what the fuck . 
   a police officer claimed way ` smirked ' as he was shown photographs of his 27-year-old victim 's injuries . 
  fuck this dude . 
  well that 's no way to make someone feel welcome . 
  i think it 's best to leave esa as it is . 
  not to turn this into an anti-eu circlejerk , but i ca n't help but feel esa would not benefit from being run by the eu . 
  and they seem to be doing pretty well as it is . 
  i saw this posted on / r/thenetherlands a few days ago . 
  up until then , i had no idea that this was n't what everyone did . 
   the etchings are thought to date from between 12,000 and 14,500 years ago . 
  amazing . 
  imagine just stumbling on something like that , and then discovering later that it was made by humans who lived where you live , 14,000 years ago . 
  i have spent a decent amount of time in eastern europe , but i have never seen that before in my life . 
   the ` offending ' footage , published by the sun shows him with fellow gymnast luke carson drunkenly goofing around yelling `` allahu akbar '' and mocking aspects of islamic belief . 
   condemnation came swiftly from mohammed shafiq , the chief executive of the ramadan foundation , who asserted `` our faith is not to be mocked '' and called on smith to `` apologise immediately '' . 
  seems a bit childish what they did , but mr. shafiq must be off his meds . 
  of course your faith can be mocked , just like any other set of beliefs can be mocked . 
  if smith wants to apologise he can , but he does n't have to . 
  you 're not above anyone else . 
  for as much as people on this sub like to complain about when others do it , they do love some of that `` does n't fit the narrative , must downvote '' action for themselves . 
  more of a rugby man , myself . 
  although i did used to play football when i was little , before i switched over to rugby . 
  i do still enjoy kicking a ball around with friends , a lot of whom are football fans , but i never really watch any football . 
  best news i 've heard all week . 
  i 'm not even a football fan , i just ca n't stand the rampant corruption and complete and utter disregard for human lives that are not their own , that is so rife among these cunts . 
  not just with its hacks . 
  its economy , too . 
  he does a great job hiding his secret identity . 
   this is a usual russian tactic : escalate tensions , create a discord and then expect concessions elsewhere . 
  hahahaha . 
  that is amazing . 
  i think you may have messed up your title there , man . 
   the dutch central bank is planning to move the country 's gold reserves from the centre of amsterdam to land owned by the defence ministry near zeist . 
  ah , so they 're going to add it to the rest of our nation 's gold , then ? 
  that 's when you know a line has been crossed . 
  wow , you even know precisely * why * he enlisted , that is impressive . 
  you seem to have an awfully intimate personal knowledge about this man , to a degree that is suspiciously impossible . 
  unless you 're just blatantly talking out of your ass , the local police may want to have a word . . and how could i not see it ?!, 
  this man obviously joined the belgian army for the purpose of learning how to kill belgians , so that eight years after leaving the military he could stab two guys !, 
  ( and fail to kill them ! ), 
  after all , only years of military training can prepare a man for something like stabbing a guy , which was clearly the reason he joined the military , because how else could he know how to stab people if not by learning it in the military ? 
  and we all know it 's jihadist honour code to wait eight years after receiving your training before putting your giant master plan of stabbing some guys into motion . 
  that 's why he joined the military , because he needed to learn how to stab people , it all makes sense now !, 
  well that settles it , he 's not belgian , and your point is definitely not horseshit . 
  again with the trademark `` just ignore all the stuff you 've got nothing on , and focus on a minor detail you can hit on instead '' . 
  it 's like `` uhh . . just because of cheese ?? 
  lulz , you idiot ! '', 
  all over again . 
  my sincerest apologies , i should have written `` enlisted '' , rather than `` fought '' . 
  clearly , this man is no belgian , because the belgian army did n't go to war at any point during his enlistment . 
  i take it all back . 
   you should read the article before coming here to yell at people . 
  i 've read the article , hence why i mentioned * precisely * that which you just quoted from the article ( maybe you should read the comment you 're replying to before coming here to yell at people ) , and i 'm not yelling at anyone ( i 'm not the one calling people ` an idiot ' for pointing out that the man is in fact belgian ) . 
  yes , as i mentioned , the man was likely radicalized by some jihadist cunts and that 's almost certainly the reason for his attack . 
  to quote :  he 's a belgian man who was , according to reports , born in 1973 , in belgium . 
  he was in the belgian army . 
  there is evidence suggesting he has gotten involved with some islamist radicals who ended up moving to syria . 
  that 's all i know , which tells me nothing about the man other than where he 's from , that he was in the belgian army , and that he was likely radicalized by some jihadist cunts . 
   seems to me that it 's likely to be a case of a belgian man who used to be in the belgian army , being radicalised by some jihadist fuckheads , and trying to kill some police officers . 
  would n't be the first time something like that happened . 
  i 'm assuming isis will claim it , as they always do . 
   but to claim he 's not belgian is as silly as those people who tried to claim breivik is n't norwegian because of `` what he represents '' . 
  sorry , that 's just not how it works . 
  the belgian man of belgian nationality who was born and raised in belgium and fought in the belgian army , is not suddenly no longer a belgian because he committed a terrorist attack , sorry . 
   again , i am talking about the most important cultural fundamentals of europe . 
  well , you claim to know all sorts of personal things about this man , somehow , so why do n't you expound on his cultural fundamentals ? 
  i mean , i know nothing about the guy other than what the reports have told me so far : he 's a belgian man who was , according to reports , born in 1973 , in belgium . 
  he was in the belgian army . 
  there is evidence suggesting he has gotten involved with some islamist radicals who ended up moving to syria . 
  that 's all i know , which tells me nothing about the man other than where he 's from , that he was in the belgian army , and that he was likely radicalized by some jihadist cunts . 
  seems to me that it 's likely to be a case of a belgian man who used to be in the belgian army , being radicalised by some jihadist fuckheads , and trying to kill some police officers . 
  would n't be the first time something like that happened . 
  i 'm assuming isis will claim it , as they always do . 
  but to claim he 's not belgian is as silly as those people who tried to claim breivik is n't norwegian because of `` what he represents '' . 
  sorry , that 's just not how it works . 
   because of the cheese he eats ? 
  do n't be silly . 
  i prefer gouda , so by your logic , i am dutch ? 
  it might seem less silly if you * do n't * deliberately ignore everything else i mentioned . 
  i `` m talking about a man from another country ( my cousin ) who openly ignores belgian culture in favour of his own culture , in just about every aspect , versus a man who was born and raised in belgium and joined the belgian army . 
  yet you would call the former belgian and the latter `` belgian '' . 
  i do n't know much about hicham , but his willingness to fight for belgium suggests he might have more love for it than my cousin , who would never enlist in the belgian army . 
  and hicham was apparently born and raised in belgium , unlike my cousin . 
  yet my cousin is belgian , by your decree , but hicham is merely `` belgian '' . 
  nonsense , and you know it . 
   this is about the most basic and fundamental values that make us european . 
  you were n't talking about being european though , you were talking about being belgian . 
  you questioned his being a belgian , despite his actually being a belgian , because he `` does n't share belgian culture or loyalty '' , as you put it . 
  well , we know he fought for the belgian army , so he 's already shown more loyalty to belgium than my cousin , whom you say is belgian despite having no love for belgium or its culture and not sharing its culture and certainly not having much loyalty to the country ( he only moved there for a job ; there is no way in hell he would every enlist in the belgian army ) , ever has .
