  i did n't even know there was such a holiday , but happy europe day guys !, 
  strap in , guys ... 
  i mean , i 'm always telling people to shun facebook , but trousers seems a bit much . 
  at least half of the bikes in op 's picture look perfectly usable , to me . 
  pump up the tires a bit and you 're good to go . 
  with breaking news stories , the reports that come out the earliest are often also the least accurate . 
  not always , but often . 
   it was a tragedy . 
  think of all those bicycles that were lost . 
  melted , in cold blood . 
  my heart weeps . 
   anyway erdogan only said y' all were the `` grandchildren of nazis '' which is ideologically , societally , and literally true . 
  my grandparents will be mortified to learn that they 've been nazis all this time . 
  lol . 
  this fucking guy . 
   one of those nazi north-western countries lol, 
   half the news about `` ignorant bigoted polish mep '' will be about this guy . 
  as soon as i saw the headline , i knew it would be jkm . 
  what a clown . 
  sometimes i feel bad for the people of turkey for having such a pathetic clown as their leader . 
  u ` avin a turkish , son ? 
  guess who 's next up to be labeled nazis ? 
  something about the fact that they 're stabbing oranges as an act of protest made me laugh hysterically . 
  they have such serious expressions on their faces , but what they 're doing is so pointless and stupid . 
  lol . 
  freedom of speech includes the freedom to express speech we despise . 
  [ finland ?!, 
  ] ( http://stream1.gifsoup.com/view/127912/barrowman-shakes-fist-o.gif ), 
  i 'm still waiting for mine . 
  although i already have more than i have need of . 
  well , i am officially triggered . 
  ah , that is true i suppose . 
  man , i feel old . 
   i 've heard it described as `` swamp german '' before . 
  swamp-german refers to the dutch people , not the language . 
  the idea behind it is that we 're `` basically germans '' , and we live in a `` swamp '' . 
  our language is typically defined as `` the sound of typewriters eating aluminium foil instead of paper , while bouncing down a flight of stairs '' . 
  our country is also endearingly nicknamed `` hitler 's left-turn lane '' , although that 's mostly by the americans . 
   the netherlands : brother < 3  belgium : 3 ^ rd world wasteland brothers forever , 
  i had the same experience , except when i opened my curtains , it was raining . 
  he 's simply pointing out that you 're factually wrong to not think of scottish people as being british . 
  scottish people are from the island of great britain ; they are , by definition , british . 
   continentals makes me feel all fancy and exotic . 
  but not surprising in the least . 
   what would ataturk say ? 
  i imagine that if atat\u00fcrk could see what president erdogan and his regime are doing , he 'd be in tears . 
  we 've been going back and forth with the border for centuries now . 
  why not have at it once more , for old times ' sake . 
  they seem to be a lot like the far right in the netherlands . 
  bunch of cunts . 
  i never even knew that . 
  i always just thought kerkrade was a town very close to the border , and that there was a german town very close to the border but on the other side . 
  i had no idea it used to be one town with a border fence . 
  not so much as a flake for your neighbours to the north , either . 
  meanwhile , it 's snowing in fucking spain . 
  `` hallo '' usually accompanied by a little nod of the head . 
  sick fucks . 
  `` forest of the count '' does n't really work with the modern name den haag ( the hague ) . 
  the original name of the city , 's - gravenhage , means `` the count 's forest '' . 
  the abbreviated , modernized form , den haag , really just means `` the forest '' . 
  source : am from the hague . 
   yes well , that 's a positive . 
  he has the mentality of a 5 year old , it seems . 
  they would n't sell their homes and move somewhere else so that he could build a golf course on their land , so he got angry and built a wall to block their view , just to spite them . 
  because they would n't move out of their homes for the sake of his golf course . 
  what a twat . 
   here be sex well , i do n't want to take all the credit , but thanks . 
  fair point . 
  another ridiculous one . 
  seriously , only a complete moron would think nato would attack russia . 
  it would be an incredibly stupid thing for them to do , as you pointed out , and it 's a defence force by definition . 
  i agree corbyn 's a bit of a nutjob , and lord knows i despise may , but i 'm not sure what blair 's thinking is here . 
  he must know how unpopular he is ? 
  what did n't take long ? 
  for the queen of the uk to invite the newly elected president of the us over for an official visit , just like she does every single time a new president of the us is elected ? 
  none of this has anything to do with trump . 
   party for freedom one of the most misleading names in the history of political parties . 
  you 're right , there is no excuse for that , and the people who did that should be arrested . 
  just like there is no excuse for the attack on the camp , carried out by these assholes who should be arrested . 
  nobody is claiming anyone was hurling 20kg rocks at anyone , that 's the point i 'm making . 
  if someone hurls a rock that weighs 6 or 7 kilos at you and hits you in the head ( or any part of the body in which vital organs are housed ) , you 're seriously fucked , and could die . 
  if they 're hurled down from up above it 's all the easier . 
  the camp in question is surrounded by higher ground . 
  people were hurling molotov cocktails at the `` homes '' these people live in ( that 's highly flammable liquid , set alight ; if i throw molotov cocktails into your place of residence , it 's not because i 'm making a political point , it 's because i 'm trying to get you caught inside a burning building ) , and hurling rocks at the refugees . 
  this is not something to be laughed off with dismissal and jokes about catapults . 
  there are plenty of eye witnesses , the only thing questionable here is your attempts to make it seem like an attack of this kind is n't possible , when it very definitely is , as evidenced by the fact that all laws of physics suggest it is easily possible , as well as the fact that it is what happened . 
  again , i am merely quoting the article . 
  i 'm quoting the article . 
  you 're thinking of hollywood movies . 
  in reality , a boulder is a rock fragment with size greater than 25 centimetres in diameter . 
  no catapults needed . 
  read the article . 
  if you want to downplay serious violent assaults that 's your own business , but do n't pretend i 'm making stuff up . 
  i 'm talking about the people throwing the molotov cocktails and rocks as big as boulders . 
  they should be in prison . 
   dozens of people have been driven out of a refugee camp on the greek island of chios after two successive nights of attacks by a far-right group . 
  at least two people were wounded after attackers threw molotov cocktails and rocks as big as boulders from elevated areas surrounding the souda camp , activists said . 
  three tents were burned down and three others were hit by rocks . 
  a 42-year-old syrian man was assaulted , while a nigerian boy was hit by a rock . '', 
  arrest the cunts and throw them in prison .
