  * you * keep refuting that point , despite me having never made any such point . 
  i listed a number of examples of cases where dutch people refer to their own country as `` holland '' instead of as `` the netherlands '' , to make the point that we should n't get so upset when foreigners wrongfully call our country `` holland '' . 
  one of those examples was a football chant . 
  at no point did i claim that anything was proof that it 's cool for anyone to be called hollanders , as i already pointed out i 've never heard anyone refer to anyone as such , other than you just now . 
  you 're the one who started talking about people being called `` hollanders '' , i never mentioned it , i was talking about dutch people calling their own country `` holland '' . 
  you 're the one who keeps harping on about the particular example of the football chant and using it to make an entirely separate point about `` holland vs. the rest of the country '' , despite that that is n't a point anyone in this discussion was trying to make , and it is n't what we were talking about * at all * . 
  as i 've told you twice now , what i was saying was that we should n't act indignant when foreigners refer to our country as `` holland '' instead of `` the netherlands '' , and that 's all . 
   a lot of people would feel highly uncomfortable being associated with the scum that sings those campy songs even if they did agree with your sentiment . 
  the only person here making that association is * you * , you started talking about `` camp rats '' and racists and whatnot , we were just talking about why it is that a lot of people incorrectly refer to our country as `` holland '' , and why we should n't be surprised/upset by it . 
  it seems like you have a bit of an obsession , and it has caused you to launch into an argument that is completely not what was actually being discussed . 
   please do n't try to put `` bners '' at that level as well . 
  it would be like using kim kardashian as a representative of the u.s. . that was you . 
  again . 
  i never brought up any celebrities , *** you did *** . 
  fuck this , i 'm done with this bullshit . 
  yeah , i was n't talking about any of those things , but alright . . 
  i do n't think i 've ever in my life heard anyone refer to dutch people as `` hollanders '' ( except maybe a few flemish wiseguys ) , only to the country as `` holland '' . 
  gordon , racism or `` camp rats '' have nothing to do with what we we were talking about there , which was the fact that we should n't look so surprised when foreigners refer to our country as `` holland '' , because dutch people themselves do it all the time , in all sorts of ways . 
  the word `` hup '' is used , as it always has been , as a term of encouragement . 
  it 's not just used in combination with `` holland '' , it has always been used for all manner of purposes to do with encouragement . 
  when trying to get someone to hurry up with something , for example , you 'll hear people say things like `` hup , gaan !, 
  `` hup '' is commonly used in a manner sort of similar to the use of the english word `` go '' , both in football chants and in general encouragement outside of sports . 
  it 's in the dictionary and everything . 
  edited to add : having said that , i would n't mind if they changed the chant to something more inclusive . 
  however , what i was saying was that it 's quite silly to get really frustrated about people referring to the netherlands as holland , when we do it ourselves * all the time * . 
  to the point where we institutionalise it by making holland.com our official tourist board website , etc. 
  see above, 
  excellent refutation of the point made . 
  what was that other one ? 
  something like that , right ? 
  let 's face it , you can hardly blame foreigners for calling us holland , when a lot of us do the same thing . 
  the website of the official dutch tourism board is holland.com , we chant `` hup , holland , hup ! '', 
  at the football , half the time dutch people abroad say they 're from holland if asked , just to avoid having to explain the difference . 
  we only have ourselves to blame , really . 
  i could certainly have used a bit more . 
  i do like the concept , though . 
  when society as a whole collapses and we 're back to the barter-system , mayonnaise will be used the way cigarettes are used in american prisons . 
  that was a lot harder than i thought . 
  those scandinavian languages are some tricky bastards when it comes to spelling , same goes for polish . 
  i made it to number 8 when i ran out of time . 
  you can not underestimate the importance of good mayo to people from the benelux . 
  we shall take back the seas , and introduce a second golden age !, 
   the russian military has largely abandoned efforts to disguise its activities along the border well , they denied and disguised it for as long as they could . 
  when the pile of evidence of russia attacking ukraine stacks [ high enough ] ( http://mapinvestigation.blogspot.nl/2015/07/smoking-grads-evidence-of-90-cross.html ) , it becomes difficult to deny . 
  he 's just looking for a place to hide his dogs from barnaby joyce . 
  you do n't get obese from eating bad tasting food , you get obese from eating bad food , as in junkfood . 
  having tasted some of your other fast - `` food '' , i think i 'll pass . 
  can you actually do a university course from prison ? 
  when i did uni it involved quite a lot of going to various places to do/study things , working in groups with other students on projects , using the internet for pretty much everything , interviewing people etc. 
  we have tacos , if that 's what you 're asking . . you can buy them all over the place . . 
  if you 're asking * specifically * for the american fast-food chain , we already have way too many of those , last thing we need is another one . 
  having googled what taco bell food looks like , i 'm fine going without . 
  the romanian one is pretty neat . 
  kenyatta reportedly told renzi `` your security starts with you '' , or something along those lines . 
  i 'm half-frisian and half-hollander , so i may be biased , but i think frisian is beautiful . 
  i 'm just saying the frisians are a common target for ridicule along the lines of `` haha , those guys talk funny '' . 
  the obvious answer for the netherlands would be frisian , but i feel like people from limburg get ridiculed more for the way they speak . 
  my favourite , though , are the people of west-vlaanderen ( technically speaking they speak a dialect of flemish , not dutch , but still ) and their unique way of speaking , as best exemplified by the wonderful [ gerrit callewaert ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qe57zsos1am ) . 
  i do n't have that kind of power . 
  that 's not even close to what i said . 
   people with russian passports did not vote every non-kremlin journalist who was there says otherwise . 
   crimeans have made their choice . 
  that 's not a very accurate reflection of what happened . 
  when elections are as corrupt and manipulated as they can possibly be , their decisions should n't be recognised . 
  you could say the same thing about any other nation who held crimea . 
  i could say the same thing about russia illegally holding ukraine for 70 years , and it would be just as pointless . 
  i make no attempt to make it a secret that i do n't consider the annexation legitimate , i consider annexations to be illegitimate anyway . 
  russia has as much legitimate claim on crimea as germany had on the sudetenland . 
  people with russian passports were given voting ballots , the results from the election did n't even come close to reflecting the polling , and i could n't help but laugh at the 124 % voter turn-out in sevastopol . 
  i 'm not sure there has ever been an election so obviously rigged . 
  but you 're doing a fine job here , sir . 
   crimea is illegally occupied by ukraine ukraine has no power or control over crimea , to say that is occupied by them is just deliberately obtuse . 
  it 's a willful misunderstanding of the situation . 
   but religion shapes personal world views . 
  as long as it does n't shape public legislation , i 'm 100 % fine with religion . 
  it 's of course impossible for people for whom their religion shapes how they view everything to preclude their religious beliefs from their political ones , but that does n't mean they ca n't acknowledge the fact that religion is a personal matter and that their religious beliefs should therefore not come into play when deciding on legislation that is enforced upon * all * people . 
  your religion is * your * religion , it should n't affect how the lives of others are governed . 
  i 'm no fan of the russian government , but to call it the top threat to the usa 's national security . . that seems like more of a rhetorical point than anything else . 
   unless the president of ukraine has been suspended from office by procedure of impeachment . 
  his account is new , and every one of his comments is about russia and how they 're great , or about ukraine and how they 're villains . . 
  i 'm pretty sure op is either a propagandist himself or the victim of propagandists . 
   first , the deputies did not have the right to to remove the president . 
  second , around the building stood submachine gunners right sector . 
  firstly , in accordance with the ukrainian constitution , they did have that right . 
  yanukovych had been disowned by his own party as a result of `` the criminal orders that led to human victims , an empty state treasury , huge debts , shame before the eyes of the ukrainian people and the entire world '' , and the deputies held a democratic vote in which 73 % voted to remove yanukovych from office and hold new elections in may . 
  secondly , there were no submachine gunners anywhere ( except in the propaganda reports coming from the kremlin ) , but there * were * thousands of ukrainian citizens chanting for yanukovych to get out , as well as protesters with bats outside of the presidential residence . 
   in the minds of crimeans also . 
  nowhere near all of them , i was there reporting on the `` election '' ( the most laughably corrupt , obviously staged election i 've * ever * seen or covered ) , and i interviewed plenty of crimeans who were against it , but when the russians soldiers ( sorry , `` green men '' who just happened to wear old russian army uniforms , and only speak russian ) would come anywhere near us they would immediately switch over and start talking about how they were definitely going to vote to join russia . 
   since 1783 crimea was part of russia . 
  in 1783 , crimea was annexed by the russian empire ( in other words : it was a landgrab ) . 
  it was taken by force by the russian empire , an empire that has n't existed since 1917 . 
  if we 're going by these rules , surinam , indonesia and south-africa belong to my country ( which they clearly do n't ) . 
   my president was yanukovych , but western countries , staged a coup d'etat therefore i now have the russian president . 
  my mistake , i thought you were a russian . 
  you do n't actually believe the whole `` western countries staged a coup d'etat '' bit , do you ? 
  i 'm assuming that was a joke . . 
  i mean , that 's one of the silliest , most hilarious pieces of propaganda that 's come out of this whole situation . 
  73 % of ukrainian mps voted to remove viktor yanukovych from the post of president of ukraine because he was unable to fulfill his duties properly and had violated the constitution a number of times . 
  that 's how democracy works . 
  the only people claiming it was a coup is yanukovych himself and people who are foolish enough to let themselves be brainwashed by russian propaganda .
