  a fucking bathing suit . 
  they 're now * forcing * people to strip , in public , against their will , because they 're wearing a bathing suit that is not one of the types of bathing suits that the government will so kindly allow its citizens to wear . 
  it 's already at maximum embarrassing . 
  what a joke . 
  to not even allow your citizens to wear the bathing suit of their own choosing , but then refer to your country as a place of ` libert\u00e9 ' , is pathetic . 
   the burqini is not a human right . 
  `` sorry , madam , you 're wearing a bathing suit that is not approved by the government , i 'm going to have to ask you to publicly undress against your will , because as we all know , you have no right to wear the clothing of your choice ! '', 
  france is going down a terrible path . 
   segregating yourself from mainsteam society through the choice of clothing is . 
  they 're wearing a full-body bathing suit , they 're not `` segregating themselves from society '' . 
  [ is this woman segregated ? 
  ] ( http://static.independent.co.uk/s3fs-public/styles/article_large/public/thumbnails/image/2016/08/22/07/burkini-tunisia-getty.jpg ) [ look at these women being entirely segregated from society !, 
  ] ( http://lbc.co.uk/mm/image/40617.jpg ) [ these two are probably on their way to each drink from a separate water fountain , the segregation is shocking !, 
  ] ( http://media.gettyimages.com/photos/moroccan-woman-wearing-a-burkini-a-fullbody-swimsuit-designed-for-picture-id591642482 ) [ just look at the segregation on these beaches ] ( http://dc-cdn.s3-ap-southeast-1.amazonaws.com/dc-cover-d794nc5aaqmgfepgpeqlrsdtp3-20160820160853.medi.jpeg ), 
  we 're talking about burkinis , not burkas . 
  all the women i know who wear burkinis wear them because they want to . 
   we live in a world with powerful , violent and genocidal political movement that gains influence in our countries . 
  this movement has to be opposed by any means necessary . 
  by policing which types of bathing suits women are and are not allowed to wear ? 
  simply ridiculous , aside from accomplishing nothing . 
  this law is ridiculous . 
  it 's not about women 's rights , it 's about people 's rights . 
  as in , everyone should be free to wear whatever type of bathing suit they like . 
  you 're fine . 
  calm down . 
  that video is so utterly pathetic , aside from how rude it is to the ussr 's countless victims . 
  it 's worth bearing in mind that reddit is mostly used by the young . 
  i imagine the amount of under-30s among that 20 % is small , though i could be wrong . 
  that biles girl is supposed to be the best gymnast on the planet i think , and for a while now . 
  she picked up 4 golds and a bronze for america . 
  the us also had laurie hernandez in gymnastics , who got 1 gold and 1 silver . 
  the americans were all over it , as well . 
   all your gold medals were in swimming , cycling and field hockey ? 
  2 in sailing , 2 in marathon swimming , 2 in cycling , 1 in rowing , 1 in gymnastics . 
  so only half . 
   i did have to google that . 
  less than 20 % of the irish speak it , how many of them do you think are on reddit ? 
  i really just meant `` countries where english is the first language '' . 
  yeah , that 's right . 
  8 of them . 
  that tiny little country you ca n't even see on a world map , which is so small and forgettable 90 % of the world ca n't even get its name right , beat spain and sweden alike . 
  as many as greece , poland , turkey , and ukraine combined , it got . 
  a similar thing is the case with / r/de . 
  the sub is deliberately a german-language only alternative to r/germany , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  including countries like ireland seems a bit redundant . 
  wait , there is n't a single mosque in all of athens ? 
  there 's more than one in my neighbourhood alone . 
  what is known so far : - the attacker was a woman of unknown identity , and injured two people in the bus , as well as a third person outside the bus - the severity of the injuries is not yet known but none are believed to be in a serious condition - police fired at suspect as she tried to flee , suspect was not badly injured , but may have been hit - incident happened after the woman got into an argument with other passengers - belgian news channel vtm said the woman has a history of mental problems, 
   why not any other eu passport but germany ? 
  i would prefer to have a norwegian one over german for sure . 
  a norwegian passport is n't an eu passport though . 
  it does n't say that anywhere , and the british authorities have not yet publicly announced their move . 
  op editorialised the title . 
  this is frowned upon in political/news themed subreddits , for a reason . 
  i tried to watch it but the screams were really annoying . 
  do n't mean to be a dick , but i just do n't care enough about badminton to sit through that . 
   what do most germans think about patriotism after ww2?are the ashamed of their history ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most germans are ashamed of their country 's actions in ww2 . 
  almost every european country has a history of atrocities . 
  germans are aware that they live in a great country , so they 're very happy with that . 
  you can be patriotic * and * acknowledge and remember your country 's historical faults , at the same time . 
  i love my country , but i 'm aware i should n't brag too much when the subject of indonesia comes up , or bosnia , or south africa , etc. 
  it 's not like we did n't have [ our own version of the nsdap ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_dutch_workers_party ) led by an anti-semitic piece of shit , and [ our own fascist movement ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_socialist_movement_in_the_netherlands ) . 
  there are plenty of times when it 's appropriate to celebrate your country 's greatness , there are also times when it 's appropriate to acknowledge its mistakes . 
  none of that changes the fact that you referred to / u/jusventingg 's claim that british atheist cook nigella lawson also wears the ` burkini ' as `` made up shit '' , when in fact it was true . 
  i was merely pointing out that she does actually wear it , and that the contention was not `` made up shit '' . 
   i 'm pretty sur your government force you to wear clothe when you walk down the street of your country . 
  indeed it does . 
  in the case of public nudity there are certain hygiene issues to take into account . 
   is that all sort of wrong ? 
  again , with the exception of nudity , which is not wearing anything , which would potentially cause health concerns on things like public transport . 
  when it comes to clothing , the government should not force people to wear or not wear certain things . 
   can you walk around dressed like a nazi ? 
  can you dress like a kkk member ? 
  i 'm not sure where my government , or yours , stands on that . 
  as far as i 'm concerned you should be able to walk around dressed as whomever or whatever you please . 
  just do n't expect to not get verbal abuse ( or maybe even physical , in which case you should contact the appropriate authorities ) thrown your way when you do . 
  freedom of expression protects you from * government * persecution because of ( for example ) what you wear , it does n't protect you from the consequences of your words/actions when it comes to the other people around you . 
   what if the males of the family subjugate and dominate the freedom of expression of all women belonging to a certain religion ? 
  are you talking about forcing people to wear things against their will ? 
  because that is an act of aggression and coercion , and should not be tolerated . 
  similarly , governments forcing people to wear or not wear things against their will is also abominable . 
  all the people i know who wear burkinis do so because they want to , and since i live in a majority muslim part of the hague , i know quite a few people who wear burkinis , and we 're quite close to the beach . 
   you ever seen 3 europeans girls in bikinis on a beach with their close friend in a rubbish bag ? 
  i 've never seen anyone dressed in a rubbish bag . 
  except maybe as a fashion statement , i could see lady gaga going for that sort of thing . 
   assimilation and immigrants leaving the old world behind is crucial to the future of europe . 
  freedom to wear what you please and express yourself how you like is an important part of our european values , so people choosing for themselves what they wear when they go to the beach would be a good example of them `` assimilating '' . 
  people i know who you 'll see wearing burkinis at the beach are very happy they live in europe where they get to choose for themselves what they wear , rather than in for example the gulf states where they would n't have that freedom . 
  it 's a beautiful thing , that sadly is being taken away from people in some parts of france . 
  these local governments stepping in and taking away people 's right to choose for themselves what they wear is an abhorrent erosion of one of the things europe is supposed to stand for . 
  one of the things that is supposed to make us better than those backwards hellholes where people enjoy no such liberties . 
  you should be free to hurl insults at whomever you like , at least in the sense that there should n't be legal repercussions . 
  again , you ca n't expect to be entirely free from the consequences of what you say and do , but it should n't be illegal to insult someone . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , knock yourself out . 
  do n't be surprised if everybody else hurls insults at you and your friends no longer want to associate with you , though . 
  freedom of expression means the * government * ca n't punish , censor , or legally persecute you for what you wear , it does n't mean you 'll be free from consequences when it comes to other people . 
  it 's just like freedom of speech , in that way . 
  as far as i 'm concerned , it should n't be considered obscenity ( although there are hygiene issues to take into account , when it comes to public nudity ) . 
  we should all be free to wear ( or not wear ) what we choose .
