  there 's nothing more french than destroying random cars as an act of protest . 
  it 's tradition . 
  you 're going to want to give the penis pipe a quick rinse before sticking your dick in there . 
  `` when in paris ... '', 
  as a rugby fan , all the gaa sports have always fascinated me , but gaelic football is one of the strangest sports i 've seen . 
  lol , invented by the american * military * , a roman creation , they were europeans , easiest checkmate ever . 
  you know what else was created by europeans ? 
  the united states of america , it 's no wonder you 're so obsessed with us . 
  you 're like a teenage girl with daddy issues , desperately begging for attention . 
  it 's no wonder you spend your time in / r/europe day in , day out . 
  nice try though . 
  feel free to keep using your american website to stalk / r/europe , if you ca n't indulge in your frantic obsessions then what is the internet for ? 
  the fact that you have to use the world wide web , a european invention , to host your american website is just pathetic . 
   you 're like a puppet on a string , dude . 
  all i need to do is pull . 
  lol , i use tons of european websites . 
  this one happens to be american , makes no difference to me . 
  you 're free to leave this subreddit at any time . 
  you do n't see me going into / r/usa or whatever other american subreddits there are to demonstrate my own obsession by obsessively telling them they 're obsessed with me . 
  of course , when you are as obsessed with europeans as yourself , it makes sense that you spend your time here . 
  god , it really is pathetic how obsessed you guys are with europe . 
  move on with your life , dude . 
  the netherlands does not exclude people from entering the country based on which religion they practice , as it is everyone 's right to practice whichever religion they want . 
  trump says that if you practice the wrong religion , you will not have the right to come into the country , unlike those who practice the approved religions . 
  anyone who could support such proposals is not someone i want to associate with , as it is someone who has no respect for freedom , equal rights , or human decency . 
  ( or the founding principles of your country ), 
   yes , i did . 
  and you gave me reasons that are n't exclusive to fascism . 
  i gave you a list of reasons why people call trump a fascist , as per your request . 
  that 's all . 
   you 're just regurgitating the typical reddit-anti-trump diatribe . 
  if you say so . 
  i do n't really give a shit about trump either way , i follow american general elections and trump is hilarious to watch , that 's about as far as my interest in him goes . 
  american politics is a circus , and every circus needs a clown . 
  i just offered you some things that are commonly associated with fascism that people are attributing to trump , as an explanation of why people are calling trump a fascist , that 's all . 
   he 's not `` denying equal rights '' to anyone . 
  for one , he proposed banning people from the country based on the religion they practice . 
  this is a violation of the right to freedom of religion , and a denial of the rights of people to practice their religion freely . 
  i get it dude , you 're upset that among the hordes of carnival floats there was one making fun of trump . 
  just let it go , what we europeans think of trump does n't matter anyway , we do n't vote in your elections . 
  life goes on , just move on . 
  but you asked why people were calling trump a fascist , so i gave some suggestions as to why that may be . 
  you did n't ask `` how is trump a socialist ? 
  '' , you asked `` how is trump a fascist '' , hence the listing of things that people associate with fascism as an answer . 
  in reality , trump 's politics are all over the map . 
  at the same time , the way he presents himself is straight out of the fascist playbook . 
  he sells himself as the `` tough guy '' who would be the strong leader we need , using xenophobia to exploit people 's fears and exacerbate them because that 's the sort of political climate in which people start clamoring for `` a tough , strong leader '' , denying people equal rights and treatment if they practice `` the wrong religion '' or are of `` the wrong ethnicity '' and using rhetoric that paints such people as dangerous and undesirable , etc. 
  he 's playing it very cleverly . 
  why bring up socialism ? 
  we were talking about fascism , and i was offering you some examples . 
  trying to excuse the man 's horrid political ideas by pointing to other people with terrible political ideas is n't the most effective counter , just so you know for future reference . 
  you go ahead and tell yourself whatever you need to , you adorable little man . 
  thanks for coming to a european subreddit to trivially express your uneducated opinions , while demonstrating your obsession with europeans . 
  goodbye now . 
   how is trump a fascist ? 
  fascist political proposals ? 
  these may include abolishing freedom of religion ( by , say , banning people from the country for the religion they practice ; the very practice that your founders fled to the new world to get away from ) , exploiting/exacerbating a fear of people who are `` other '' in order to win political gain and influence the political climate , bragging about using state force against those who do n't fall in line , using rhetoric that dismisses people from other nations as being inferior and denying them access to your country . . 
  these are just some things that come to mind . 
  fine , one last time . 
  but this is the last . 
   actually there are other countries that have higher rates of murder , even if we include your arbitrary condition of it being in the west . 
  that `` arbitrary condition '' is not put in place by me , and your attempt to discredit a simple fact by pretending it was an opinion is laughably transparent . 
  i 'm commenting on the nature of western media ( as i 've repeatedly made clear now , to the extent that even a child would have grasped it by now ) , and the fact is that western media prioritize stories from other western countries . 
  deny that fact if you must , but do n't portray it as something it is n't , that just makes you look even more pathetic than you already come across . 
   the fact is you focus a disproportionate amount of time , on america . 
  whether you are talking about me , the european media , or europeans in general , this is simply false , and baseless . 
  you may * feel * that way , but it is n't based in reality . 
  we focus a very appropriate amount of time on america . 
  we discuss major american news stories , and follow american general elections . 
  coming into the european subreddit to repeatedly tell all the europeans how obsessed * they * are with america only serves to make you look like a man obsessed with europeans , who is overcompensating for the fact that nobody in this thread other than you is talking about america . 
   and we never even think about you . 
  let that sink it . 
  hence why you 're in / r/europe as we speak ... major european news stories are covered in american news , and major american news stories are covered in european news . 
  this is how it 's always been , this is how it will always be , no matter how hard you try to pretend otherwise . 
   we are simply more influential because you 're our lapdogs . 
  leaving aside the fact that that sentence is entirely incoherent , there are plenty of areas in which the usa is more globally influential than europe is , and nobody denies it ( except the strawmen europeans that apparently live in your head ) . 
  at the same time , there are plenty of areas in which europe is more influential ; then there are areas in which asia is the more influential , etc. 
  ( it 's almost as if the world is a bit more complicated than `` usa # 1 everyone else sucks butt !! 1 ! '' ) . 
  despite what you seem to believe , the world is not some middle school competition , and the vast majority of europe is in fact allied with the usa . 
  now , i 've let this slide repeatedly , but it 's really becoming hard to bear , so i implore you : use some proper grammar every now and again . 
  if i can manage it in my third language , and that language is your first , you really should be able to pull it off . 
  start with some basic sentence structure and punctuation lessons . 
  enjoy the rest of your day , and expect no further correspondence from me , i 've wasted enough time on your childish attempts at argumentation . 
  it 's almost like you 're incapable of reading . 
  i know shootings happen in other countries , they make the news as well , as do shootings that happen in our own countries , as do shootings that happen in america . 
  that 's why i never claimed only american massacres make the news . 
  as it happens , they occur significantly more frequently in america than they do in european countries , so american massacres feature on the news more frequently than european ones . 
  that 's not `` focusing on a particular country '' , that 's reporting the news . 
  in every western country , the news focuses more on events from other western countries than it does on events from non-western countries , this is a bias every western news agency shares . 
  when it comes to western countries , america has a higher rate of massacres , thus american massacres feature on the news more regularly . 
  and you can keep trying to bait me with silliness as much as you want , it 's not happening . 
  of course , they happen all over the world , everyone knows that . 
  if you re-read what i wrote , i was talking about things that happen * on a regular basis * in america that make for good news fodder , major news-worthy events like big elections or massacres . 
  our elections tend to be on a much smaller scale , and we do n't have these massacres on anywhere near as regular a basis , so when they happen in the us , a lot of european news agencies report on them . 
  it 's my mistake . 
  i thought you were genuinely saying you thought europeans were obsessed with america , i did n't realise you were going for one of these pathetic `` usa vs. europe '' things . 
  sorry , i 've grown out of my adolescence some decades ago , i 'm not the guy to turn to for that stuff . 
  i would n't say europeans are obsessed with america , really . 
  there are just certain big events that happen on a regular basis in america that make the news in europe as well . 
  presidential elections , mass shootings , that sort of stuff .
