  if we can manage to prevent it , we manage to prevent it , which would be great . 
  if we do n't , we do n't . 
  being on `` high alert '' makes absolutely no difference to that situation , it 's just to keep people calm . 
  come to amsterdam , have a good time , do n't worry . 
  that 's what we do . 
  you 're about a million times more likely to get killed by a car or a falling brick than a terrorist attack . 
  clearly . 
  your murder rate is 4 times higher than ours already , and the general violent crime rate even more so . 
  clearly we need to catch up to your incredibly high standard of safety . 
  what ? 
  why would we be in a state of emergency ? 
  i grew up watching a lot of british television , '' * are you being served ? 
  * '' , '' * dad 's army * '' , '' * yes , minister/yes , prime minister * '' , '' * blackadder * '' , '' * it ai n't half hot , mum * '' , etc. 
  i also really enjoyed '' * borgen * '' from denmark , the uk 's '' * broadchurch * '' , '' * utopia * '' , and '' * black mirror * '' ( and anything charlie brooker creates ) . 
  about time . 
   yes , we have signed an agreement with ukraine . 
  yes , i remember that one . 
  in 1994 , when russia agreed to * never infringe on ukraine 's borders * , in exchange for ukraine giving up their nuclear weapons . 
  or was that not the agreement you were talking about ? 
  same . 
   if they want people to see muslims as peaceful and non-dangerous , they need to stand up when islamists attack . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.muhajabah.com/otherscondemn.php ) is a list of several dozen major islamic organisations , groups , and leaders condemning islamic terrorism , [ spain 's leading muslim clerics issued a fatwa against al-qaeda and specifically bin laden ] ( http://www.int-review.org/terr42a.html ) , as did [ ayatollah muhammad husain fadlallah of lebanon ] ( http://www.sullivan-county.com/identity/bin_laden.html ) , and the leading moral authority for sunni islam , [ grand imam of al-azhar seminary , shaikh muhammad sayyid tantaw ] ( https://news.google.com/newspapers?nid=1309&amp;dat=20010916&amp;id=n6ktaaaaibaj&amp;sjid=fhgfaaaaibaj&amp;pg=1305,3354373&amp;hl=en ) , as did [ prominent pakistani cleric tahir ul qadri ] ( http://www.islamfortoday.com/qaradawi02.htm ) , and a whole bunch of others . 
  mosque leaders of the islamic community here in the hague recently came together to speak out against isis , condemning their barbarism . 
  noted islamic theologian and chairman of the international union of muslim scholars , yusuf al-qaradawi , issued a fatwa ordering all muslims to aid the united states in their fight against islamic terrorists in afghanistan . 
  the list goes on . 
  there is in fact quite a bit of standing up and speaking out against islamist attacks from the muslim community , but people seem not as interested in discussing that as they are in discussing how there is no such thing . 
  unless you hold dual-citizenship with a second eu nation , you would probably lose it , yes . 
  i like that they are n't just standing with the french team on the one side and the english on the other , as would usually be the case with a moment 's silence before a kick-off , but together in a circle . 
  well yeah , that much is fairly obvious , and the people seem to be happily giving the is what they want , there . 
  they also want to erode the western way of living , with its liberties and civil rights and all that , and our governments seem to be happily giving is what they want , there . 
  all in all , it has been a pretty good score for the islamic state . 
  it would be interesting to see the response . 
  knowing netanyahu and his party , he 'll just declare the spanish to be anti-semites and demand pity , like he does any time anyone wants to investigate israeli human rights violations etc. 
  genuine question : is this a new thing ? 
  i have visited turkey many times in the past , i had a turkish girlfriend for many years ( there are a lot of turks living in the netherlands ) , and my impression of turkey was always that of a mostly secular , largely `` western '' , country . 
  it has been about 7 or 8 years since i 've last visited turkey , and to be fair , i never traveled far inland and only ever saw the towns and cities along the western shore and near the western shore . 
  she and her family were very secular turks , her mother works for nato and her father is a scientist , they were never very religious , and i only saw the more `` better off '' parts of turkey . 
  is my impression of turkey just based on a skewed view of the country , or has turkey become significantly less secular and democratic in recent years ? 
  i 'm still in touch with her and see her occasionally , she 's a journalist and she 's afraid to even visit home , knowing how the current regime treats journalists ( she 's a very pro-secular , pro-western writer ) . 
  when i asked her about erdogan 's election victory it looked like she was about to cry . 
  she talks about turkey like a country she does n't recognise anymore . 
  has turkey really changed so much so quickly , or is my limited knowledge of the country misleading me ? 
  anyone who boos through a moment of silence for civilian victims of a terrorist attack is a cunt , regardless . 
  that 's a ballsy thing to say , coming from kadyrov . 
  his dad is awesome . 
  but / r/conspiracy assured me she was a cia/mossad agent ... 
  this is perfect . 
  they want to destroy our way of life , we show them that with each attack we are strengthened and more determined in our way of life . 
  they have to blow themselves up to reach paradise , we 're already here . 
   s\u00f8ren espersen , a senior danish people 's party spokesman and the head of parliament 's foreign policy committee , said on sunday that the us-led military campaign against isis , which denmark is participating in , should bomb civilian targets . 
  so . . engage in what is essentially terrorism , to beat the terrorists at their own game ? 
  i ca n't help but feel this would involve quite a bit of blowback , leaving aside the fact that targeting civilians is an awful thing to do in itself . 
  someone 's in for quite the bombing , i imagine . 
  such a great film . 
  i must re-watch it sometime soon . 
  chris morris consistently puts out solid gold . 
   also a dutchman writing perfect french ? 
  if you 're referring to my username , the expression is actually `` savoir-faire '' . 
  i misspelled it . 
  although i usually claim i did it on purpose , to be ironic , given the meaning of the phrase . 
  everyone should stop listening to saudi arabia on everything . 
  and stop supporting them , and stop calling them allies . 
  they 're a disgrace , and the fact that they sit on the un 's human rights council only goes to show what an utter joke that organisation is . 
  i 'm looking forward to this man rotting in a cell for a long time . 
  it 's the french , so i think they 'll at least try . 
  i hear some of the other forces bombing syria at the moment are n't always as careful . 
  we 're not doing much , though . 
  we 've only got a few jets involved in the conflict , and as far as i know they 're only in iraq . 
  france is heavily involved in syria , which is apparently more of a priority for isis ( i suspect it 's that they have more territory there and actually stand a chance of accomplishing something there , and they consider al-assad and his forces their main enemy in the conflict ; any attacks on isis in syria are seen as a move in support of the assad regime ) . 
  i think it 's mostly because of their involvement in syria . 
  the statement from the isis spokesman did mention something about how `` france will never live in peace as long as they bomb syria '' or something along those lines . 
  let 's hope for no civilian casualties . 
  edit : * that 's * controversial now ? 
  we 're hoping * for * civilian casualities now , are we ? 
  edit 2 : it was at -2 with a `` controversial '' sign at the time , in case anyone 's confused . 
  he 's got some balls , that man . 
  how about a minute silence for my colleagues he has rotting in jail for reporting on the horrible shit his regime gets up to ? 
  or those killed at gezi park ? 
  or any of the people killed with the weapons he sells to isis ? 
  or those prosecutors in adana who halted those trucks on their way to syria to deliver arms to isis and had the people trafficking the weapons arrested for aiding a terrorist organisation , who are now facing trial themselves for interfering ? 
  i 'm aware it fits it quite well . 
  unless you feel that the existence of regimes in the third world that are * more * authoritarian means that any government that is not * as * authoritarian as said regimes is therefore simply out of the category . 
  it 's like saying to someone who claims that australia is a large country `` if you think australia is big , you might want to go on a vacation to china or russia '' . 
  sure , those are bigger , but australia is still quite large . 
  being a journalist , i 've visited quite a few third world countries . 
  not so much as vacations , to be fair , but still . 
   just like fascism could not have been defeated without the discrediting of fascist ideology fascism is alive and well , i 'm afraid . 
  one could even argue that isis 's ideology has a lot in common with fascism . 
  where you at , mods of / r/thenetherlands ? 
  this is why i avoid social media . 
  well , unless you consider reddit social media . 
  my comment was more in regard to the general atmosphere abound among europe 's more authoritarian regimes , like the british government and the french government , who are echoing an eerily similar sentiment to the one that was used to justify the passing of the patriot act and the carrying out of the iraq invasion . 
  it was n't so much in regard to mister aboutaleb 's comments here . 
  i 'm confused , did you mean to reply to someone else but replied to me by mistake ? 
  i never said all muslims are terrorists , why would i say that ? 
  i was just saying that hezbollah , a shia organisation , typically condemns attacks carried out by sunni groups , while having no such complaints when they 're carried out by shia groups ; the same goes for a number of sunni groups when the shoe in on the other foot . 
  also , you can link to other subs without breaking the rules , simply by using '' . np mode '' when you link . 
  yes , sunni leaders condemn attacks carried out by shia groups as wrong , shia leaders condemn attacks carried out by sunni groups as wrong . 
  edit : words, 
  beautiful .
