  whether it 's american citizens getting killed by people who are angry at the american government , french citizens getting killed by people who are angry at the french government , norwegian citizens getting killed by people who are angry at the norwegian government , or turkish citizens getting killed by people who are angry at the turkish government , etc. 
  there are always people like you around to blame the victims and say `` yeah , awesome news ! '' . 
  fuck the turkish government for their reprehensible actions against the kurds . 
  fuck the pkk for their reprehensible actions against turkish citizens . 
   so excuse me if i do n't shed a tear for a few dead turks . 
  when some group decides to bomb your family 's house because of something your government did that your family had zero involvement in , ask yourself how you 'd feel if someone referred to that bombing as `` awesome news ! '', 
  and told you to excuse them if they do n't shed a tear for your innocent dead relatives . 
  you 're literally making excuses for people carrying out attacks against civilians , as the pkk does , because of the actions of their government . 
  civilians should not be getting attacked with rockets because you do n't like the actions of their government , that is in no way `` completely justified '' , that is disgusting and unjustified . 
  i despise the turkish government , and because of actions like this , i despise the pkk as well . 
   one of the rockets struck the roof of a house , which was only 100 meters away from the local police department . 
  another rocket landed on a field used as a depot by the state hospital in bayindir district . 
   a resident of the house , which was hit by one of the rockets , talked to anadolu agency about the incident . 
  semih parmaksiz , the 62-year-old whose house was struck , said he was playing computer games with his headphones on when the incident took place . 
   `` i heard a big blast and thought it was fireworks . 
  when i took my headphones off , i saw the windows of the house were broken , '' parmaksiz said , adding that his family and he then immediately evacuated the house and called the police afterwards . 
  this is awesome news ? 
  you 're a piece of shit . 
   i do n't get it but maybe he thought i farted in my hand and threw the fart at him . 
  but i did not . '' this is amazing . 
  what a news story . 
  ` they ' is quite obviously the turkish government , and everyone understands that it is . 
  stop being ridiculous . 
  i always keep a capsule of satay sauce in my inside pocket for this very reason . 
  it could be that he is n't thinking only of himself . 
  she looks like a star wars character there . 
  that was n't me , actually . 
  that was / u/stickerface . 
  regardless , you seem to be under the impression that `` propaganda '' means `` anything said by a news organisation , independent or otherwise '' . 
   are you seriously going to argue russia has anything resembling a free press ? 
    i take it from this you believe your propaganda is the right propaganda . 
  why would you draw that conclusion , from that ? 
  it is in no way a logical conclusion to draw , unless it was the conclusion you had already arrived at before the conversation started . 
  pointing out the sad and glaring lack of press freedom in russia is not an endorsement of any propaganda , or anything for that matter . 
  this is a terrible occasion to be shitting on people 's musical tastes . 
  shame on you . 
  it 's one of the dumbest leaflets i 've ever seen . 
  troll harder . 
  i find the notion of school uniforms ridiculous , but i suppose they 're at least getting some choices . 
  i still find it moronic that you would n't just let people wear their own clothing . 
  they 're not making anyone wear skirts , it 's voluntary . 
  they 're giving everyone the option to wear a skirt if they want to . 
  on strike ? 
  the french ? 
  well i never ... 
   germany !, 
  i am telling again : first , you have to give an account of the holocaust . 
  yeah , germany !, 
  stop denying the holocaust !, 
  yeah , nice try . 
  have a good one . 
  you do n't need to be surprised by something in order to oppose it . 
  that 's the tricky bit . 
  i went to a secular school ( thank god ) but we had religious studies classes , that were mandatory , and they were great . 
  we learned about all the main religions of the world , a summary of their tenets and beliefs , their origins and history , that sort of thing , which is valuable education to give , considering how significant an impact the various religions have had and continue to have . 
  on the one hand , i 'm not a big fan of the government getting involved in things that are not government functions . 
  on the other , this type of religious teaching is abhorrent . 
  you have to draw the line somewhere , and religious indoctrination of children really creeps me out . 
  the uk has always been a lot more lenient towards so called `` faith schools '' than a lot of the rest of western europe . 
  there 's far too little oversight of what goes on in these schools for my liking . 
  still , i 'm not massively surprised if some of the more full-blown fundamentalist ones are us originated . 
   not really much ` fucked up ' going on then is there , at this christian school i mean . 
  they 're teaching girls that they must obey men for some bronze age reason , they 're teaching children that homosexuality is somehow unnatural , they 're teaching religious doctrine in something that purports to be a science class . 
  it 's * all * fucked up . 
  religious schools are a nightmare . 
   oh , and , speaking strictly of course about the christian school , it 's not as if they 're encouraging anyone to kill or hurt anyone . 
  i mean , if they were then that would be disgraceful . 
  but ... . . they 're not . 
  right , as far as i 'm aware they are n't encouraging anyone to kill or hurt anyone . 
  if they were , that would be awful , but they 're not . 
  which is why it 's not what we 're discussing , as that would just be weird , considering it does n't appear in the news story we 're discussing . 
  this thread is about the things this school is doing , it 's not about the things this school is n't doing , because that would be ridiculous . 
  which is why it 's a weird and pointless thing to bring up . 
   now why would one randomly bring up things that * are n't * a part of the news story we 're discussing . 
  it 's almost as if you 're bringing up subjects * other * than the actual subject being discussed in this thread in a deliberate attempt to move discussion away from the actual subject of the thread and towards a different one . 
  but why ? 
  why would anyone bring up other subjects , while ignoring or dismissing the actual subject of the discussion . 
  i mean , that would just . . well . . what would be a good word for what that would do to the discussion ... 
  i just ca n't quite put my finger on it . 
  what could possibly be the idea of , rather than talking about that which * is * the subject , bringing up things that * are not * the subject ? 
  what could possibly be the thinking behind trying to turn this thread from what is * is * about , into something it * is n't * about ? 
  it 's almost like they 're some sort of agenda there , that leads its adherents to deliberately ignore or dismiss the actual subject of the thread and bring up a specific other one , for some purpose or other . 
  and now , instead of talking about the fucked up goings on in this christian school , which is the actual topic of discussion introduced here , we can just point to another group of people doing bad things instead , and go `` never mind the things these people are doing , do n't worry about them do n't even bother looking at what they 're doing , because look at what these other people are doing ! '', 
  it 's all very beautifully engineered , well done , it 's just a shame it renders actual , valuable discussion impossible . 
  have yourself a good one , though . 
  i 'm going to go back to the actual discussion at hand . 
  if you want to discuss the fucked up goings on in islamic fundamentalist schools , there are plenty of threads where you can do just that . 
  and if you find anyone in that thread bringing up the fucked up goings on in christian fundamentalist schools , you can correctly and rightfully call them out for trying to change the subject . 
  this is a thread about the fucked up goings in a christian fundamentalist school , and for discussion of that subject . 
  there . 
  sorted . 
   this story is what 's derailing the subject i 'm not sure whether you do n't understand how `` derailing the subject '' works , or whether you just do n't understand how reddit works . 
  news articles are posted , such as this one posted here , and then there is a comment thread that comes with the post , for users to discuss the content of the article posted . 
  when you bring up alternative subjects to discuss , that is derailing the subject . 
  a story ca n't derail its own subject , which makes the sentence `` this story is what 's derailing the subject '' just silly gibberish . 
   if you want to discuss christian fundamentalism seeing that this is a thread about a christian fundamentalist school and their actions , this is exactly what should be discussed in this thread . 
  that 's how this whole thing is supposed to work . 
  now * that * is an outrage . 
   obvious comparisons are changing the subject ? 
  no , but when your first response to hearing about some people doing something bad is `` but other people do it too !,
