  all the things you think i said i only said in your head , because you , instead of reading and understanding what i said , had a picture of me all drawn up in your head where i 'm some sort of nationalist conspiracy theorist , well i 'm neither , you 're just an imbecile with a bit of confirmation bias and a slightly weak grasp on the english language . 
   clearly you are the victims of american meddling !, 
  i 'm not blaming america for anything you halfwit , as you would know if you were capable of reading things and understanding their meanings . 
  i 'm not saying my government is controlled by the us government , i 'm saying my government will not recognize the palestinian state because they do n't want to displease the us government . 
  you 've misinterpreted me and chosen to act like a particularly childish 10-year old , making yourself look like an idiot . 
   america literally controls your government who according to you , is helpless and ca n't make their own decisions !, 
  will you rebel and fight back against your amerikkkan oppressors !? 
  you poor victim . 
  my mistake , i did n't realize you were an actual 10-year old . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  are you off your meds or something ? 
  which problems exactly am i blaming on others by voicing frustration at my government not recognizing the palestinian state ? 
  and what is this supposed `` american problem '' you 're talking about ? 
  i hope it 's us , but it wo n't be . 
  our government has been america 's lapdog for some time now . 
  there 's a very interesting documentary about gottfrid and the other guys who set up the pirate bay called [ tpb afk : the pirate bay away from keyboard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=etokxcewo_8 ) . 
  it includes their initial arrest . 
  indeed . 
  you think that 's confusing , check this out : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee_iupineuc, 
  i love that essentially all the myths addressed there were brought into life by the daily mail . 
  god that `` newspaper '' really is a rag not fit to wipe your arse with . 
  you 're right , it seems i got my quotes mixed up from that article . 
  my mistake . 
  i know some people in russia , i speak ( some ) russian and have friends there , and they all , in different parts of russia , say the same things : putin 's government is changing the way history is taught in russian schools , to make stalin and lenin look good by erasing mention of their bad deeds and expanding the mention of their good deeds . 
  whatever the reason , be it to raise patriotism , anti-west sentiment , or just to glorify russian history , it 's a worrying trend . 
  richard littlejohn made a habit of making up things about the eu to feed the anti-eu feelings amongst the british . 
  there was one where he had written an article about this insane new rule by the eu that all fishermen and trawlermen had to wear hairnets on the ships to keep the fish clean from the start , he concluded the article by calling it `` a ruling so ludicrous , you could n't make it up '' , which was ironic considering that * he had * made it up . 
  he 's [ proudly displayed ] ( http://www.tol.org/get_img?nrarticle=23108&amp;nrimage=3 ) on the public transport in st. peterburg as well . 
  some do , most do n't . 
  odd then that putin ok 'd the new russian schoolbooks in 2010 , in which children are taught that `` stalin acted ` entirely rationally ' in executing and imprisoning millions of people in the gulags . 
  it seems to follow an attempt backed by prime minister vladimir putin to re-evaluate stalin 's record in a more positive light . 
  critics have taken exception , however , to numerous excerpts , which they say are essentially attempts to whitewash stalin 's crimes . '', 
  ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1051871/stalins-mass-murders-entirely-rational-says-new-russian-textbook-praising-tyrant.html ) or in 2009 when he praised stalin for making the soviet-union an industrial superpower , after having taken issue with medvedev for saying that stalin 's crimes were inexcusable . 
  ( http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/vladimir-putin-praises-joseph-stalin-for-winning-ww2-making-a-superpower/story-e6frg6so-1225806886630 ) you can add nuance , and that 's absolutely fine and in this case even warranted , but the fact remains that putin * has * praised stalin on several occasions . 
  so what you dismissed as an `` idiotic charicature '' was in fact a truth . 
  `` stalin was no saint , but he was not a monster , '' - vladimir putin, 
  for the love of procrastination , we did it !, 
  this is where the far-right surely must lose their support . 
  who the fuck does n't like kebab ? 
  it 's great . 
  it 's really all you need to know about modern-day russian political culture : they still worship that disgusting , bloodthirsty , megalomaniacal psychopath . 
  and putin actually praises him . 
  i feel sorry for regular russian people that their country is ran by such tyrants . 
  it 's funny , the man who is sort of internationally referred to as william of orange is who dutch people refer to as william iii , whereas the man dutch people refer to as william of orange is internationally more known as william the silent . 
  i never gave much of a shit about `` king billy '' to be honest , he did n't really do much for us , he was always away over in your neck of the woods . 
  is n't it something about the green bar being juxtaposed with the orange one to symbol their opposition or something ? 
  i vaguely remember this from school . 
  either way , our role in your history during the late 17th century was n't received as positive by most people in ireland , i 'm told . 
  as much as i dislike mark rutte , our current prime-minister , he has always been very good at putting down geert wilders whenever he tries to turn the political process into a circus with his insane ad hominem attacks and empty rhetoric . 
  one that springs to mind was when wilders was in parliament , asking the prime-minister `` how much does that actually cost , a nice big slice of spacecake ? '', 
  ( clearly not a remark designed to accuse rutte of anything / s ) , rutte very simply replied : `` well , mr. wilders , looking at your hair it seems like you already know all too well . '', 
  so they 're showing images of russians behaving like complete savage barbarians in an effort to convince russians that the west are savage barbarians ? 
  who needs logic when you 've got propaganda !, 
  as a dutch man , i 'll just shut up , 
   the centre nevertheless believes that the discussion around the saint-nicolas celebration in the netherlands could serve for constructive debates for the society we want to live in . 
  as someone who has been reluctantly surrounded by this discussion for some time now , i can assure you there has been no constructive debate , and there 's not going to be any . 
  just dumbasses yelling and screaming and getting into fights with eachother . 
  i can get drunk on belgian beer here as well though , 
  that 's where my first proper girlfriend dumped me , on the first night of our `` weekend away together '' , after which she grabbed the train back home and left me there . 
  man did i get drunk that night , random drunk belgians make great friends when you 're drunk by yourself in a city you do n't know . 
  i still do n't understand why she did n't just dump me a day earlier when we were still home . 
   i have a feeling that you 're a smug arrogant prick who uses large words that he does n't know what they mean , you 'd be wrong . 
  while arrogance is subjective , i assure you i do n't use words of which i do n't know the meaning . 
  i have a master 's degree in english , i work as a journalist for an english publication , i literally speak and write english for a living , so excuse me if i come off as smug . 
   hence his unwillingness to explain what he 's trying to say in layman 's terms . 
  what i 'm saying is that your assumptions about me were wrong , and the fact that you felt comfortable to make those assumptions and even reaffirm them after i 'd told you you were wrong , tells me you were operating on a false dichotomy , which one should never do . 
   i know what a false dichotomy is , i just do n't know where i stated one . 
  you stated one in your first comment . 
  after which i quoted it , to bring it to the foreground . 
  let 's look at it again :  i 'm guessing you 're one of those people who says that there 's no such thing as dutch culture or identity , only multiculturalism . 
  you are assuming you know a number of things about me , despite in reality being a complete stranger . 
  the only thing you know about me , based on the stance i 've taken on this issue , is that i disagree with the people who say the look of zwarte piet must not be changed . 
  based on that small bit of information , you 've seen fit to describe me as someone who `` says that there 's no such thing as dutch culture or identity , only multiculturalism . '' . 
  this is where the false dichotomy comes into play : because you 've recognized that i 'm not on `` your side '' of this issue , you 've immediately judged me to be on `` the other side '' , the side that says there is no dutch culture , there is no dutch identity , there is only multiculturalism . 
  in reality , i 'm not on that side , * and * i 'm not on yours . 
  in reality there are more than just the two sides , so finding out that someone is n't on your side should n't lead you to think you therefore know a number of things about them ( unless you falsely believe that only those two sides exist , which is what adhering to a false dichotomy is ) , because you know `` what the opposing side is like , and this person must be with them because he is not with me '' . 
  meaning there are actually more than just those two sides ( a dichotomy is any splitting of a whole into exactly two non-overlapping parts , a false dichotomy is when that is done when in reality there are not just two non-overlapping parts ) , which means you can not assume to know anything about my positions towards the things you 've mentioned , unless you think that anyone who is n't in your part , must therefore be in the only other existing part . 
  and yet you did assume to know those things about me , which leads me to conclude you are basing this claimed ( and false ) knowledge on a false dichotomy . 
  again dude , try to read the words and think about their meanings . 
   just because you fall for false dichotomies , does n't mean you can assume everyone else does the same . 
  that way of thinking the phrase ` that way of thinking ' clearly refers to something from the sentence before it . 
  one would logically suspect it refers to a way of thinking mentioned in the previous sentence , and as we look back at the previous sentence we find that a way of thinking was mentioned , namely : adherence to false dichotomies . 
  let 's just agree to disagree , because a discussion is never going to be very fruitful if you , willfully or not , do n't understand what i 'm saying . 
  and , more importantly , because i do n't give a single shit about the zwarte piet issue . 
  no , you were not , which is why i said `` then i 'm guessing you 're a moron '' . 
  do you actually not know the meanings of words ? 
  perhaps consider buying an english to dutch dictionary . 
  just because you fall for false dichotomies , does n't mean you can assume everyone else does the same . 
  that way of thinking has been abandoned by everyone of any discernible intellect centuries ago . 
  not really great closure is it , repeating the same irrelevant things ? 
  1 : a lot of dutch people are offended by the way zwarte piet looks . 
  2 : a lot of dutch people have campaigned to have his look be altered , because they are offended by it 3 : as a result , a lot of people have made changes to zwarte piet 's look , so as not to be based on a racial stereotype . 
  none of that is made untrue by you continually repeating that there were a lot of people against having his look changed . 
  it 's become undeniably clear that this is n't going to sink in through that thick skull of yours , but it 's true nonetheless . 
  personally , i do n't mind seeing his look change from the current golliwog look ( which is from british culture , btw ) to references to actual dutch culture , like goudse kaas and stroopwafels , but of course that 's just me being a proud patriot trying to bring some actual dutch culture into that holiday about the turkish man with the african slaves who are made to look like the british golliwog  enjoy your day , you cretin . 
  considering that they do , i was a real idiot for claiming the opposite to be fact . 
  luckily for me , i did n't make that claim , * you * put it in my mouth . 
  what i said is that a lot of dutch people are offended by the look of zwarte piet , which they are . 
  then i said that as a result of this , his look is going to be changed , which it is . 
  that 's no reason to claim that what i said was `` the majority of dutch people are against it , fact '' , when i really said `` a lot of dutch people found it offensive , so it 's being changed '' .
