  all other germanic languages use some variation of ` krieg ' , except english , but english is a bit of a cocktail language . 
  apparently it 's from proto-germanic ` uzluego ' rather than the proto-germanic ` krigaz ' , but i wonder why we 're the only people who came to use it . 
  what a horrible , fucked up , authoritarian , medieval nightmare of a regime erdogan 's government is . 
  i feel so sorry for the people of turkey , and anyone who voted for that cunt should be ashamed of themselves . 
  lying to people is not a form of politeness . 
  honesty is a form of politeness . 
  we 're not `` blunt '' or `` overly direct '' , we 're just honest . 
  we wo n't tell you we like your new haircut if we do n't , we wo n't tell you your new shoes like nice if they do n't . 
  that is n't rudeness , it 's honesty . 
  bring the torturing cunt down to the hague , we 'll happily receive him . 
  givi too . 
  the rest of the trip was very nice , for what it 's worth . 
  beautiful city , lovely weather , great food , etc. 
   although nobody spoke anything resembling of english . 
  i lost my wallet in madrid when i was there like 7 years ago . 
  went to every police station in the city , not a single one had a single person who spoke english , and they all laughed at me when i asked and then started talking to each other in spanish , and pretend i was n't there . 
  ended up having to spend a full afternoon sitting at the embassy waiting , while my friends were forced to wait outside for hours , just to get an emergency passport so i could go home . 
  edit : apparently mentioning a relevant experience in regards to the user stating that most people in madrid do n't speak english is now ` controversial ' . 
  did n't see that coming . 
  unfortunately , we 've been unable to decide the matter , so far anyway . 
  i remember being a child , in the 80s , and seeing the issue pop up on an episode of the dutch version of sesame street . 
  that was when i first realised there was a difference of opinion about it ( i was a child , i was n't really aware of anything at that point ) , but i grew up with this tiresome debate . 
  it was quite a friendly , respectful discussion back in those days . 
  now , especially since that moronic un report and the international pressure and criticism that followed it , it 's become quite different . 
  now we 're used to seeing news footage of black pete-based violence , like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejy9uy5e2wi ) now infamous footage where a dutch woman at an anti-pete demonstration was telling the interviewer why she thought black pete should be gotten rid of , only to be violently attacked by a dutch pro-pete counter-demonstrator . 
  trust me , the foreigners commenting on this issue are n't anywhere near the worst of it , the dutch themselves are at each other 's throats about it , year in , year out . 
  and there are complete morons on both sides , and they 're the ones being the loudest about this , which is why we have n't been able to even come close to resolving the issue . 
  you would n't believe how utterly retarded this whole thing has become . 
  it could have been a lot worse . 
  this is kadyrov we 're talking about , after all . 
  that is terrible . 
  i drink tea to relax , for god 's sake !, 
  when i want to get high on coke i just do some coke , i do n't appreciate being deceived in this manner . 
  dutch people who were born and raised here have been having this argument since at least the 80s ( as far back as i can remember ) and probably before then . 
  it 's not `` foreigners complaining about our culture '' , it 's a national discussion that has been going for decades among the dutch people , who have various differing opinions about the matter . 
  edited to add : an incredibly tedious discussion that i wish would go away , but still a discussion held between the dutch people year in , year out . 
  sure it does , it 's the border between the netherlands and france . 
   following the discovery on december 19 , teams of specialist engineers have worked throughout the week to break down the mass into smaller pieces and get rid of the numerous items that had become stuck in the grease . 
  `` all those years studying my ass off to become an engineer , and here i am in an underground sewer , pulling shit out of grease and breaking a giant glob of fat into smaller pieces . . '', 
  sinterklaas is n't a christmas figure though , and that is what the submission is about . 
  interestingly , the santa clause character was actually based on sinterklaas . 
  i can certainly understand why it makes black people feel uncomfortable . 
  personally , i do n't care at all whether they keep him the way he is now , or change his colour , or change his appearance in some other way ; and more importantly : neither do the children , who everyone seems to have forgotten are the people who this holiday is supposed to be about . 
  as long as he 's got candy and presents , they 're happy . 
  when i see the pro-piet people and the anti-piet people , * fully grown adults * , literally fighting each other in the street over this dumb debate , i ca n't help but lose all faith in humanity . 
  trump probably rather likes the idea of it anyway , he 's not big on freedom of the press , or freedom in general . 
  this is a man who argues for closing down the internet as well as the borders . 
  the zwarte piet debate has been going on since the 80s or earlier , that 's nothing new . 
  it 's just that it recently went international after that retarded un report , so it 's heating up a bit more . 
  i remember watching sesamestreet as a child in the 80s and them doing an episode about it , with gerda havertong talking about how uncomfortable it makes her etc. 
   sometimes being very loud and opinionated can be a good thing  it helps that it comes naturally to us . 
  george washington was considered a terrorist by the british empire . . him and the people he conspired with to violently overthrow the government and create the united states were able to permanently carve out quite a bit of land for themselves . 
  it should be exclusively a matter of standards . 
  if you meet the required standard , you should be allowed to go , if you do n't you should n't be . 
  regardless of what 's between your legs . 
  i 'm fairly sure plenty of women would meet the standards anyway . 
   this must have been the most debated engineering project in our history what about the noord/zuidlijn ? 
  they keep going for ages without intersections . 
  so , it 's exactly like a normal fietspad , but you barely ever have to stop for traffic lights or crossings . 
  they 're pretty sweet , but obviously you can only have them in certain places . 
  not gon na lie , i still watch the muppets ' christmas carol every year . 
  i * love * trading places . 
  it 's been one of my favourite films since i was a child . 
  once you go below sea-level , you never go back . 
  that was assumed to be the case because that had happened in a few other towns with similar incidents , but according to the local police they did n't find any non-locals and everyone they arrested lived there . 
  there might have been a few , but presumably it was mostly locals . 
  but the people supporting the stone-throwers and rioters tell me they 're ` the voice of the people ' ? 
   we should allow single men to adopt too . 
  they already do . 
  several of my classmates had gay parents . 
  it was never a problem for any of them . 
  you tended to get bullied if you were fat , or goofy looking , or bad at sports , not based on the sexual orientation of your parents , because nobody really gave a shit about that . 
  about time . 
  i 'm actually surprised to discover this was n't already the case . 
  strange to think any country would still have a communist party , but still , political parties should not be banned . 
   ukrainian society should be based on the true cultural values of our people if the party did n't represent your people in any way , then they simply would n't get any votes , so there would be no need to ban them . . 
  i do n't know what sort of moron would vote for a communist party , but if they would then that should be legal . 
  yeah , something went a little wrong in that part of the map . 
  i put delaware at that peninsula that 's part of virginia , left actual delaware blank , and forgot to include maryland . 
  not sure what i was thinking , there . 
  i think i screwed up one of the lines , thereby putting delaware at a place i knew was n't delaware but of which i was n't sure what it actually was , and then i think i said to myself `` i 'm confused here , i 'll move on and fill in some of the rest of the map first and come back to this bit later '' , and then forgot to go back to it . 
  you 're deluding yourself by making assumptions regarding what i do and do n't know . 
  i 'm saying they prefer to be referred to as the islamic state because they do n't like being called daesh , and that that is why i , and many others , like to call them daesh . 
  sharing some information about them that the whole world already knows does n't change anything about that . 
  after every one of these attacks we sacrifice another bit of liberty for an illusion of security , for the sake of `` making sure there is n't another such attack '' , and then when the next attack comes we go through the same cycle again , and again , and again . 
  i still had mine saved from when this same post was put here like a week ago or something , so here 's [ mine ] ( http://i.imgur.com/knusvr6.jpg ) . 
  i got colorado and wyoming mixed up , and one of my iowas is indiana , the one on the right i think . 
  edit : linkfix, 
   why use the term daesh actually ? 
  the short answer is `` because it annoys the isis people '' . 
  and i 'm down with that . 
  there 's no need for insults in discussion , they do n't reflect well on the person making them . 
  regardless , it 's a well known fact that it 's common for groups of people looking for a riot to attend these events , as has been documented in previous cases , so naturally a lot of people are speculating that some of these people might have come to this one as well . 
  i was reminding the other user , who brought this fact up , that that should n't stop us from remembering that it 's mostly locals who were doing this , though the other user has since removed his comment . 
  yes , i read the link , it confirmed my statement about the people who were arrested . 
  it does n't help your claim that i 'm distorting what i said , when you then proceed to present only parts of what i wrote as if it were a quote , thereby * literally * giving a distorted version of what i said . 
  edit : words and spelling, 
  right , so when i said that we should n't forget they were n't all people who came in from elsewhere but that quite a lot of them were actually locals , and that most of the people arrested were locals , what you read was `` there 's no locals doing this , it 's all people who came in from other places '' . . ? 
  quite a lot of them were those far-right cunts that travel around the country fucking up shit in small towns and moving on to the next , but it should n't be forgotten that quite a lot of them were also locals . 
  most of the people arrested were locals , as the hooligan cunts left the scene to go back to whatever city they 're from , or move on to the next small town to destroy to be `` the voice of the people '' .
