  this includes wearing whatever you like on the beach , be it a bikini , a burkini , some swimming trunks , a sweatshirt , or a raincoat . 
  these local french governments are plainly in the wrong . 
  freedom to wear what you like , freedom to express yourself how you like , these are values we 're supposed to uphold , not eradicate . 
  you should be able to wear what you choose . 
  this is quite an important freedom to have . 
  nudity is legally classed as ` obscenity ' , so it 's a completely separate matter , so your comparison is apples and oranges ( although personally i do n't think there should be legal repercussions for nudity either , but i 'm not in charge , sadly ) . 
  freedom to wear what you choose and express yourself how you choose is quite an important part of our way of life . 
  i do n't believe you can . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , publicly wearing nothing at all is legally classed as `` obscenity '' , due to the nudity . 
  a fine is issued , i think . 
  personally , i do n't think there should be any legal repercussion for nudity , but i 'm not in charge . 
   burkinis look stupid in my opinion , but i do n't think they should be banned as they protect your body better than bikinis do . 
  aside from that , people should be free to wear what they like . 
  banning items of clothing is not only ridiculous , it 's plain old wrong . 
  the government should not be enforcing dress codes on people , forcing people to wear or not wear certain items of clothing . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  [ she does wear it though ] ( http://img.thesun.co.uk/aidemitlum/archive/02751/sti_mtx_lawson_nig_2751894a.jpg ) . 
  bad , freedom to wear what you like should have a place on european beaches . 
  governments enforcing dress codes on their citizens is all sorts of wrong . 
  damn . 
  i could have been not working right now , just missed out . 
   a park ranger died while fighting a blaze in the canary islands allegedly sparked by a german man who set fire to toilet paper after defecating in the woods . 
   some 700 people were evacuated from areas near the blaze , which is sweeping through a wooded , mountainous area in la palma , one of the lesser-known , unspoiled islands of the spanish archipelago off the coast of africa . 
  that 's actually pretty terrible . 
  i 'm proud of those who defended the tourist from the attackers , but after that it turned into a giant mess in which i ca n't defend any of the participants . 
  that is a truly bizarre story . 
  a fight breaks out between a guy taking pictures of a woman at the beach and some guys who were with said woman , so far not that crazy a story , happens quite regularly . 
  then the guys who were with the woman got a bunch of dudes with harpoons and hatchets involved ; the wtf-factor is upped quite a bit at that point . 
  then the locals counter by attacking the attackers , next thing you know it 's a full-blown riot , including classic french-style car burnings . 
  what the fuck . 
  well that is unfortunate . 
  it means the quran permits ownership of sex slaves , i thought that much was obvious . 
  it 's like how the bible says you can own slaves , but with an added touch of sex . 
  ( although the bible is n't too ambiguous regarding what female slaves are for either , in fairness , but at least the bible says that you have to marry your female slaves first ; you know what the bible 's like when it comes to sex before marriage ), 
  as far as i can tell , and i have looked , he neither owns it , runs it , or is even really affiliated with it . 
  he has written for it before , between february 2014 and october 2014 he wrote a few pieces for them , but nothing after that . 
  to call it his personal blog is just silly . 
   this man was caught saying something he said the quran says owning sex slaves is permissible . 
  and the quran does say that , along with plenty of other horrific shit . 
  several news outlets known for adding spin to stories to further their own agenda covered his saying this , and he says he did n't appreciate the way they were covering it . 
  as such , he issued his own response . 
  he has a right to respond if he thinks he 's being treated unfairly in the media . 
  ( i 'm not defending the website , by the way . 
  it 's garbage , and being a journalist i have little patience for these types of outlets ; i 'm just pointing out it 's not his blog ), 
  that is true , fair enough . 
  yes , hummada is the author of the piece , he is writing his response to the daily mail 's story ( the title made that clear enough already ) . 
  now , if you have any source on the claim that this website is his personal blog , i 'm still interested . 
  if you 're just going to call me names instead , i 'm less interested in conversing with you . 
   your empathy would be better focused on the actual cause of the issue but the cause of the issue is n't going to be clear for another 3 or 4 hours at least , as it 's a breaking news story . 
  an investigation first has to take place . 
  so why speculate ( or , in the / r/europe fashion , go `` was it a muslim ? 
  someone please tell me it was a muslim !, 
  '' , like the guy i was replying to ) on the cause , when you can focus on the tragedy that just occurred ? 
  why would it be better for me to focus my empathy on the cause rather than the victims and their conditions , when the cause is unknown and will stay unknown for another few hours ? 
  what purpose does it serve , at this point ? 
  i get it now . 
  unless you 're on the scene and are a medical professional , you 're not supposed to care about the victims , and certainly not care more about than victims than you do about which religion the perpetrator practiced . 
  the only thing i 'm not entirely clear on yet , if the fact that i 'm not able to help the victims means i should n't be concerned about them , how does my focusing on the perpetrator 's religion help them ? 
  he 's on record saying the qur ` an permits it , that much is true . 
  i 'm not sure why people keep saying it 's his personal `` blog '' though . 
  he 's not one of the 13 people listed as writing for the website , nor is he mentioned among the `` number of leading muslim scholars , imams , thinkers , and professionals from a variety of backgrounds '' that it says the website is run by . 
  is there some information going around that i 'm missing ? 
  because if there 's a source on that claim , i 'd be interested in seeing it , and i 'm probably not the only one . 
  well , some of them have skin that 's pretty much white , in fairness . 
  most do n't , though . 
  since you so bravely decided to do an edit and completely change your original comment to make yourself look innocent , i 'm not going to bother with you any further . 
  for the record : his comment originally boiled down to `` yeah !, 
  more more more ! '', 
  ( i 'm paraphrasing because i do n't remember the exact quote , but he was cheering for the attack ) . 
  hence the other responses to his comment , below . 
  in / r/europe we certainly seem to be , at all times . 
  my main concern is how many victims there are , what sort of condition they 're in , that sort of thing . 
  but you 're right , i should stop focusing on the trivial things . 
  is that why every news outlet in europe is currently reporting on it ? 
  99 % of iranians are white ... 
  okay then . 
  the vast majority of iranians are persians . 
  the second and third largest groups are azerbadjanis and kurds . 
  not that there are n't white people in iran , but 99 % is certainly a stretch . 
  shit , i had n't read that one yet . 
  that sucks . 
  piss off . 
  it 's breaking news . 
  so not yet . 
  they 're rarely white , though . 
   there 's literally a record of the guy saying what he now denies to have said you have piqued my interest , sir/madam . 
  could you point me to this record ? 
   also nice source op since it 's he 's personal blog not to be a dick , but have you got anything to back up the claim that it 's his personal blog ? 
  because the `` blog '' does n't list him among its 13 writers , nor is he mentioned among the `` number of leading muslim scholars , imams , thinkers , and professionals from a variety of backgrounds '' that it says the website is run by . 
  i miss it every day . 
   / r/europe being / r/europe which is why the dm story is * still * on the frontpage with thousands of upvotes . 
  / r/europe has decided its narrative , concluded that the narrative must be maintained at all times , and will upvote/downvote posts accordingly . 
  which is , of course , not how the voting system is supposed to be used . 
  it 's all about `` say the things i want to hear , and receive your upvotes '' around here these days . 
  the russian * people * are thoroughly hurt by it , but that 's another matter . 
  what 's degenerate about that ? 
  looks like standard goofy , overly cheerful kids tv . 
  good old newsweek . 
  he holds british citizenship . 
  and i 'm saying there is n't , as this man has n't broken any laws ( so far as we 're aware , i do n't know what he gets up to when he is n't preaching ) .
