  those are situations that build up over time , span across decades , and have significant , long lasting , negative effects on a country 's development . 
  coincidentally , a lot of the problems in those countries stemmed from and/or were exacerbated by america meddling in their politics/economy . 
   mexico , colombia , peru , venezuela , cuba all those countries went through pretty rough and long periods of civil unrest , unlike the others . 
  then there 's the fact that the first 4 of those countries all have major issues with drug cartels and smuggling routes going through their countries , and the fourth one had the castro regime . 
  not to worry , we have quite a lot of that going around , as well . 
  very well played , russia . 
  very well played . 
   croatia , serbia that 's going to be a difficult alliance to negotiate ...  poland , russia as would that one . . 
  the snooper 's charter is a disgusting piece of legislation . 
   when two weeks ago , every dutch 12-17 years old was carrying explosives as potent as a grenade . 
  that 's because two weeks ago was nye . 
  this is not nye . 
  `` less people '' is incorrect , it should be `` fewer people '' . 
  http://www.grammarmudge.cityslide.com/articles/article/992333/8731.htm  finally , we must observe that colloquial , informal usage often breaks this rule . 
  it is not uncommon to hear people say that `` less people voted in this election than in the last '' when they should , according to traditional rules , say that `` fewer people voted in this election than in the last . '', 
  `` people '' is the plural form of the count noun `` person '' ( one person , two people , etc. ) . 
  although `` less people '' may be accepted colloquially , `` fewer people '' is what we should use in formal , written english . 
  in dutch it 's `` and if my grandma had wheels , she would have been a bicycle '' . 
  but then , we do love our bicycles . 
  horrendous . 
  hopefully the culprits will be apprehended swiftly . 
  let me guess : hollandia ? 
   your logic is faulty . 
  there are alternatives in poland , the law is concerned with the publicly owned media . 
  the point you 're responding to was a general one , not one about the current situation in poland ( because it was in response to you , and you had started speaking generally some time earlier , rather than in context of the submission ; to then bring it back to poland as if i 'm the one taking it elsewhere is disingenuous and does n't help your case ) , the only faultiness here is your misinterpretation , be it willful or otherwise . 
  putting control of the media in the hands of the government is the most dangerous thing you can do to the flow of information . 
   how many news stations does murdoch have ? 
  it would n't matter if he had a million . 
   in the usa it is very hard to get to alterntive media . 
  typically these are some meesly youtube channels . 
  the majority of news is consumed via the internet , where it is extremely easy to get to any media you 'd care to mention ; as happens every day . 
  many different media compete with each other across many different platforms , which any journalist will tell you is the best option . 
  unless they work for the government , that is . 
  when the journalist 's boss is part of the government , journalism is officially dead . 
   that is why there is no longer free press , nor real journalism , at least not the major outlets . 
  you 'll never find a source that 's free of bias . 
  the question of desirability then comes down to which is worse , and a privately held press is always freer than one controlled by the government . 
   corporate interests should not be running the access to truth , which is media . 
  the only option that 's worse is when the government is in charge of which bits of the truth the public should and should not have access to . 
  power corrupts and ultimately power corrupts ultimately . 
  competition keeps power in check , if all media are ran by the government there is no competition . 
  in a country where the media is run by the government , you will get government controlled media , and no alternative . 
   noone who is at all interested in being informed watches cnn . 
  this is called `` the free market at work '' . 
  you do n't like that outlet , you choose an alternative . 
   yes there is worse than state controlled , and this is lobbyist and corporate controlled media . 
  in a country where the media is privately run , you will get lobbyist and corporate controlled media , and the option of not watching them , and in stead watching alternatives . 
  in a country where the media is run by the government , you will get government controlled media , and no alternative . 
  the only information you can get is that which the government wants you to get . 
   it causes way more damage , because it services totally foreign interests , which do not give a shit about the country in question or its people . 
  assertions of fact made without evidence can be dismissed without evidence . 
   this is worse idea than state controlled media there is no worse idea than state controlled media . 
   i do not watch any of the big corporate news stations if you 're trying to convince people what certain stations are like , it 's best not to reveal that you do n't actually watch those stations . 
  you 'll find i never said any such thing . 
  i 'm arguing against the new polish media laws , not claiming that everything was peachy before . 
   so as a journalist and a member of the press which blog do you write for ? 
  nice , an attempt at a condescending insult based on literally zero knowledge of the work the person you 're talking about does is always a great way to show your superior intelligence and maturity . 
  i do n't write for a blog , as it happens . 
  and no , media controlled by the state is absolutely not preferable . 
  i 'm not saying anything about publicly funded media , i 'm making an argument about state controlled media . 
  when i say `` state-owned media '' , i 'm talking about national governments taking control of the media , and/or controlling how and what it broadcasts . 
   `` free '' does not mean `` objective '' in the slightest . 
  as opposed to `` run by the government '' , which does a much better job of maintaining objectivity ... 
  i do n't think there are any french of norwegian state-owned media either , i was just saying this is n't about poland as a country , it 's about state-owned media in general being a terrible idea . 
  also , the headline `` all mayors are men and white '' is just a complete lie . 
  the actual article 's headline does n't state that all mayors are white men , op changed it . 
  that never made it through . 
  state-owned media are a disgrace . 
  whether it 's russian state-owned media , turkish state-owned media , american state-owned media , french , spanish , hungarian , italian , dutch , norwegian , or polish . 
  freedom of the press is paramount . 
  speaking as a journalist , and a member of the press , the news coming out of poland saddened me greatly . 
  i do n't recall anyone ever claiming the contrary . 
  this is why punctuation is important . 
  the treatment of junior doctors in the uk is an atrocity . 
   europe used to be safe from terror uhmm . . what ? 
  feels like a punch in the gut . 
  rest in peace , you were wonderful . 
  fortunately for me i 'm 1.96 m and , being a rugby player , i 'm quite a big man so for the most part people leave me alone , but there 's just something about that alcohol that brings out the stupidly aggressive and aggressively stupid in people . 
  i 've been randomly attacked on the way home once or twice on a friday or saturday night by groups of drunken idiots just out looking for someone to beat up . 
  i do n't get it , when i get drunk i just become slow , giggly , and sleepy , but some people just seem to turn into mad dogs when they drink . 
   edit : it won ; t me link the source without automatically deleting my comment ... 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again : automoderator is literally hitler . 
  looks like it was a pretty big demonstration . 
  i did n't see much of it in the news , although i did n't exactly go looking , either . 
  was it covered by any major media ? 
   `` women should in general not go out on the streets at night alone , they should avoid suspicious looking areas and also when in pubs and clubs should only accept drinks from people they know . '' i 've been hearing this said to women for at least 20 years now . 
  do n't go out by yourself late at night , avoid bad neighbourhoods , and be careful for guys spiking your drinks . 
  it 's hardly upside-down world . 
  edited to add : is that really a controversial comment ? 
  or is it just because i did n't go along with the `` europe is doomed '' narrative/circlejerk so i must be downvoted regardless of what i say ? 
  oh , r/europe , you adorably delicate little flower . 
   remember france riots where shitload of cars were burned and several districts were damaged ? 
  to be fair , the french have quite a lot of those anyway . 
  this story was all over the news and the papers all week , and also on reddit where everyone kept talking about how the media is n't talking about it . 
  we will make europe great again !, 
  well , we 're certainly not handling it perfectly . 
  great article , thanks for posting . 
  this headline could have been from so many different points in europe 's history , and applied to so many different things . 
  `` people think i 'm super tolerant , but really i 'm just apathetic '', 
   god traditionally been a white bearded man in western culture .
