  the bbc is n't perfect , but it 's a million times better than this laughable crap . 
  great , i loved that one from extra 3 . 
  this one is n't quite as catchy though . 
  still , as a journalist , i 'll happily celebrate any mockery of that vile man . 
  some common ones : smit : smith de boer : the farmer jansen : son of jan de jong : the young . 
   are you serious ? 
  not entirely , it 's my attempt at offering a little diplomacy at the end of my rejection of the notion that an actual referendum was held . 
  in debate it 's best to give the opposition some leeway , so they do n't reject your side entirely without consideration . 
  if someone argues that '' [ there ] was no annexation . 
  crimea was added to russia after a referendum . 
  '' , and you respond with `` the referendum was a sham and it was nothing but an annexation '' , the result will be that they disregard your argument entirely , whatever it may be , and a shouting match will ensue over which are the correct words to use and which are not . 
  if your approach is more along the lines of `` i see what you 're saying , but let 's look at the other side of this '' , an actual productive discussion could still follow . 
  and they 're rare enough on reddit , so sometimes it 's worth making the effort . 
  neutral in the sense that we refused to participate in anything militarily . 
  our inclinations towards the germans were certainly not hostile . 
  when kaiser wilhelm abdicated in 1918 , putting an end to the war , guess which country opened their arms to take him in as an exile and subsequently refused to extradite him when the allies demanded he face justice , allowing him to quietly live out his days , living in a [ castle ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2e/doorncastle.jpg/266px-doorncastle.jpg ) . 
  i think it 's safe to say we were at least friendly towards the germans at the time , despite not allying with them in combat . 
  our queen was related to him and everything . 
   they also said stuff like :  '' [ there ] was no annexation . 
  crimea was added to russia after a referendum . '', 
  i suppose you * could * describe it that way . 
  although referendums are typically held in accordance with the constitution , while this one was in violation of both the ukrainian constitution and the crimean one ( as the venice commission pointed out ) , as well as violating pretty much all international standards and norms for a referendum , but technically you could call it one . 
  also , when the osce declares they wo n't observe your referendum because it 's illegitimate , that 's often a bit of a sign as well . 
  the lack of neutral observers , the various accounts of voter fraud , voter participation manipulation , and the confiscations of the identification documents of people who said they would vote against joining russia ( which even the local government of simferopol admitted to ) is n't exactly helping their case , either . 
  still , annexation is a strong word . 
  best to say it was a messed up situation , that was somewhere between a referendum and an annexation . 
  this is amazing . 
  best of luck to the people in nagorno-karabakh . 
  sad to see the discussions here turn into the usual mudslinging once again . 
  jesus christ , that is insane . 
   i do n't like the taste you do n't drink it for the taste , really . 
  i like the taste of coca cola , i would n't drink 18 of them on a friday night . 
  they 're not legally allowed to detain suspects for longer than a set period of time unless they have enough evidence to charge the suspect . 
  that does n't change the fact that he will be under constant surveillance and monitoring , from here on out . 
  it 's very popular in england , wales , ireland , scotland , france , italy , georgia , romania , south africa , australia , new zealand , argentina , various islands in the south pacific like fiji and samoa etc. , it 's getting very big in japan these days , and quite a few more . 
  i 'd say rugby is actually more popular in wales , new zealand , australia , and south africa , than it is in england . 
  unfortunately , not so much in the netherlands , hence why we 've never been to a world cup . 
  edit : well , it is . 
  i 'm not sure why that warrants downvotes , it 's a simple truth about rugby . 
  i 'm the wrong guy to ask , i do n't really follow the football or know much about it . 
  i play rugby , and i can tell you our national rugby team has never made it to a world cup . 
  not yet , anyway  ( a man can dream , ca n't he ? ), 
  i was going to say i was surprised to see a newspaper refer to that as an `` anti-terror rally '' , but then i saw it was daily sabah . 
  just another day , just another street fight between turkish nationalists and pkk supporters . 
  right . . good one . . 
  sorry you were unable to spot some very obvious sarcasm , but now you 're just acting like a 12 year old . 
  we 've all seen the film , it does n't make your comment any funnier . 
  you just made a reference to a film and changed some of the words . 
  if there were actually any `` world policing '' going on , it might make a bit of sense , but now it 's just a random reference to a random movie . 
  that 's just a blatant lie . 
  why would you say that ? 
  i 've been repeatedly assured by people on reddit that own , majority muslim neighbourhood here in the hague is a `` no-go zone for non-muslims '' and that `` if a white man walks through there at night it 's a matter of time before he is jumped by some sharia patrol '' etc. , because they read something on 4chan or reddit or some other forum and now think they 're experts on life here . 
  meanwhile , this incredibly white atheist man and his incredibly white atheist girlfriend have been living here quite happily for about 4 years , despite `` the truth about my neighbourhood '' these `` experts '' from other countries keep telling me about on reddit . 
  i did n't have anything to do with srebrenica , and i 'm allowed to have an opinion , just like everyone is . 
  maybe he meant refugees , in reference to the refugees . 
  the existence of economic migrants does not negate the existence of refugees , just like the existence of refugees does not negate the existence of economic migrants . 
  it 's not like the uk and quite a few other european leaders have n't been kissing saudi arabia 's ass for decades , as well . 
  well , it 's ` his international name ' in the sense that he wanted to market himself more internationally but everyone kept spelling his name wrong , and he finally accepted it . 
  '' , so it is not so much ` his international name ' but ` the name of his international brand ' , because the dutch combined letter ` ij ' did not exist on english typewriters . 
  apparently , when you typed them out separately they were more widely spaced on english typewriters , and he did n't like the look of it . 
  so he took on the name `` cruyff '' for his brand . 
  that 's why the website is cruyff.com , but the banner at the top of the website says `` johan cruijff '' , because * that * is his name . 
  edited to add : he even left a reference in the cruyff foundation [ logo ] ( http://www.cios.nl/sites/default/files/cruijflogo.jpg ) , keeping a slight separation in the y to show it 's really an i and a j , they just look like a y from far away . 
  the way `` johan '' is written in small letters specifically above the y makes it look a bit like it 's dotted like an ij as well , when seen from far away . 
  good . 
  fuck that cunt , he should have been put away a long time ago . 
  genocide is the intent to systematically eliminate a cultural , ethnic , linguistic , national , racial or religious group . 
  it does n't have to be a race , it can be an ethnic group , a cultural group , a national group , a religious group , etc. 
  and bringing up other stuff that has nothing to do with the subject at hand is just agenda pushing , and an attempt to derail the conversation about the actual subject this thread is about . 
  it 's pathetic . 
  sounds terrifying . 
  every time there is a terrorist attack the governments across europe try to seize the opportunity to push some more draconian laws through and get some more power and control , costing the citizens freedoms and rights , but this is a very large step even in that context . 
   change the name to johan cruyff not to be a dick about this , and i know internationally people often spelled it `` cruyff '' for some reason and a lot of the media continue to do this , but his name is spelled cruijff . 
  johan himself spoke of how annoyed he was that nobody got the spelling of his name right when he was first starting , all the newspapers each using different spelling for his name . 
  if you 're going to name a stadium after him , name it johan cruijff . 
  i 'm not a big football fan or anything , but johan 's weird expressions and sayings always made me like him very much . 
  simple , quaint wisdom like `` hold on the the ball ; as long as you have the ball , they ca n't score '' , or `` if you ca n't win , the next best thing is to make sure you do n't lose '' . 
  it got to a point where people started referring to his way of speaking as a language of its own , `` cruijffiaans '' , and he even got his own [ wall tiles ] ( http://www.redeoss.nl/plaatjes/jpg/klein/tegeltje.jpg ) in his honour . 
  * voetbal legende . 
  when i read the headline i had a feeling it was going to be them . 
  total scum . 
  evolution is a natural process , this is just you deliberately trying to turn the conversation from something it is about to something completely different . 
  i could go to a thread about the number of bayern m\u00fcnchen supporters living outside bavaria and write `` how many of them support allah ? 
  '' , and it would be an equally ridiculous and pathetic attempt to inject a completely different subject than the actual subject at hand into a conversation for the sake of pushing my personal agenda about muslims . 
  it certainly would n't be `` an evolution of the conversation '' , and trying to claim it is would just make me look ridiculous . 
  did you mean `` how many of them are muslims '' ? 
  because it seems like that 's what you meant , and that just makes no sense in the context of this article . 
  this is an article about how the majority of norwegians do n't believe in god , whichever name you may wish to use for god . 
  so it would seem that you were making an irrelevant point in an attempt to change the subject of the conversation to something the conversation is n't about . 
  you realise that ` allah ' is just the arabic word for god , right ? 
  there are christians in the middle east whose first language is arabic who also pray to ` allah ' , because that is the arabic word for god . 
  saying allah is a different god is like saying `` irish catholics worship god , but mexican catholics worship some guy called dios '' . 
  abdeslam getting caught rather than martyred would seem to have something to do with this . 
  a lot of them are realising their time is running out . 
  they could have also included the information that she was actually `` arrested '' ( read : captured ) before the fatal attack happened , and that cellphone data , as well as photographs from her arrest , shows she could not possibly have taken part in the assault . 
   the judge , leonid stepanenko , told a courtroom in southern russia that savchenko had `` deliberately inflicted death on two persons , acting according to a conspiracy and motivated by hatred and enmity . '', 
   savchenko is not being tried by jury and russian news agencies said the judge 's words amounted to a formal guilty verdict . 
  this is beyond absurd . 
  a ukrainian citizen is forcibly taken into russia ( also known as abduction ) to stand trial for a crime committed on ukrainian soil , a crime which cellphone data shows she could not possibly have committed , and * that * is the `` legal process '' ? 
  and they want to give her 23 years for this ?
