  well , so much for this thread . 
  i 'm confused . 
  are you suggesting poland is not in europe ? 
  duterte is such a clown . 
  i feel for the people of the philippines . 
  i do n't like raw herring . 
  or any other kind of herring . 
  this means i can not fully identify as a dutchman . 
  it would n't really be anything more than a change of name . 
  i think i 've seen people hitchhiking in the netherlands maybe twice in my life . 
   i do n't think there are any other ethnic europeans other than white though ? 
  that 's like saying white americans ca n't call themselves american because they 're not native americans . 
  white americans are american , even though they do n't have the skincolour of that continent 's original inhabitants . 
  white australians are australian , despite not having the same colour skin as the aboriginal australians . 
  when you say `` white people '' , you 're talking about a race . 
  when you say `` europeans '' , you 're talking about people from a location . 
  people from europe , in the case of the term `` european '' . 
  my 23 year old cousin , who is black , was born and raised in eindhoven , the netherlands . 
  he has never set foot outside of the benelux , let alone outside of europe . 
  he is a european , a person from europe . 
  and if you care about feeding the poor and hungry , and you come across him being poor and hungry , you 'd feed him . 
   so they 're assholes because they do n't feed arabs/africans/asians ? 
  they 're assholes because they set up a food drive that * exclusively * feeds white people , and because they 're exploiting the hunger of the impoverished for the purpose of spreading political messages . 
   but good thing if you can be morally superior for talking against them i 'm morally superior to begin with , because i 'm not part of an organisation that holds as its official position that hitler was right about the jews , and because i do n't walk around holding up ` white power ' signs , or saying we should test potentially dangerous products on jewish people because `` they are n't human anyway '' , and because i 'm not part of an organisation that carries out criminal and violent acts against people because of their religion or race . 
  do you understand what you 're doing here , defending these cunts ? 
  i 'm a journalist , i have had , on multiple occasions , to sit through the babbling of people who defend groups like al-qaeda , the taliban , hamas , etc. 
  and they all say the same things , always : `` never mind our message , never mind these awful things we do you keep focusing on , look at how we feed the poor and the hungry ! '', 
  `` you all think you can condemn the taliban , like you 're better than them , but look at all the charity work the taliban does in pakistan and afghanistan ! '' . 
  it 's always the same tunes being sung , when people are put in a position where they 're forced to defend indefensible cunts . 
  your charity does n't magically make the other stuff disappear , especially when your charity is limited to members of one particular race , because of your vile ideology . 
  edited to add : i have to get back to work now , and i 'm quite finished with this , so expect no further correspondence . 
   though i think the whole gesture of feeding unfortunate europeans is quite admirable it would be quite admirable , if they were feeding unfortunate europeans in general . 
  however , they are specifically feeding unfortunate europeans of one particular skincolour exclusively , which is a shitty thing to do , and they 're using the needs of the impoverished and hungry as an opportunity to spread their pro-fascist , pro-racist , and anti-semitic messages , which is a very cunty thing to do . 
  if they wanted to help the poor , they 'd feed them . 
  but they only feed the white ones , because they do n't want to help any poor people who are not white , because they do n't care about the poor , they care about white people . 
  they 're also using the occasion to spread their disgusting message , predictably . 
  and just in case i had n't mentioned it yet , these people are complete and total cunts . 
   i do n't think you can claim moral high ground in this case compared to a neo-nazi activist group ? 
  i think i can . 
   as i 'm almost absolute certain you have never done something as humanitarian as that . 
  how sure are you of that ? 
  bear in mind you know literally nothing about me , and a `` whites only '' food drive set up at least partially for the purpose of spreading political messages really is n't all that humanitarian of a thing to do . 
  oh yeah , that is true . 
  those are probably owned by the bar owner though , or leased from some company . 
  unless they 're leased from the government , but as far as i 'm aware that is n't the case . 
  i 've never really given it any thought before . 
   we ca n't judge everyone because of the actions of few but we can judge an organised group of people ( national action , in this case , as they are the organisation behind these food banks ) , on the messages they espouse , and the things they do as a group . 
  in the case of this particular group , these include praising adolf hitler , calling jewish people less than human , openly supporting fascism , spreading fascist propaganda in universities , carrying out `` dawn raids '' on the offices of politicians they do n't like ( including that time when 10 of their `` activists '' were arrested while trying to break into the office of a politician they did n't like for being part jewish , or when one of their `` activists '' attempted to murder a random sikh man `` as revenge for the death of lee rigby '' ) for the purpose of wrecking the place , etc. 
  they 're cunts of the highest order . 
   i think it 's nice to distribute food without asking anything in return to those in need , even if it 's only for europeans . 
  it 's nice to distribute food without asking anything in return to those in need , what 's not so nice is offering free food to those in need , but only those in need who are of a particular skincolour , and denying food to those in need who are of another skincolour than themselves . 
  and they are n't giving them `` only to europeans '' , they 're giving them only to white people . 
  which should n't be surprising to anyone , because , again , they 're absolute , utter cunts . 
  really ? 
  because it 's news to me . 
  we just have them in casinos , which are privately owned as far as i know . 
  i do n't know , there might be advantages to teaching children multiple alphabets from an early age . 
  i was talking about the ` white power ' logos they brandish , the `` hitler was right '' placards they wield , the cards they display on their website and hand out to people , with mengele 's face on it and the words `` save animals , test on subhumans '' on them ( implying jews are subhuman ) , and the `` whites only '' policy in their distribution of food . 
  yeah , they 're cunts . 
  does n't change the fact that they 're cunts , but you are correct . 
  there is no way anouk is the most successful dutch music artist . 
  there 's about a dozen djs who sell way more than her , and draw way bigger crowds than her , on a far more regular basis . 
  and then there 's andre rieu , who beats them all . 
   putin does n't pay you enough you 're adorable . 
  feel free to look through my post history , you 'll find i 'm very much the opposite of a fan of the russian government , or their actions in ukraine . 
  i just do n't believe crimes justify crimes , and that retaliation by proxy is a foul thing , regardless of who is doing it . 
  if the ukrainian government does something terrible i do n't go down to the local ukrainian embassy and throw a barrage of fireworks at the building . 
  and if i did , i 'd be rightfully arrested . 
   that when someone hits you you 're allowed to hit back ? 
  that 's certainly legal . 
  if someone punches you in the face , you 're allowed to punch him in the face back , in most countries . 
  when a government does things you hate , you 're not allowed to attack their embassy , whichever way you choose to do it . 
  those are two completely different things , and trying to argue that they 're the same is just embarrassing . 
   throwing firecrackers is n't an attack , give me this line if an rpg gets sent in it 's not the most severe attack imaginable , but it 's an attack . '', 
  attack - * noun * - to set upon in a forceful , violent , hostile , or aggressive way , with or without a weapon . '', 
  to hurl small explosives at something is very much a violent , hostile , and aggressive move against the target in question . 
  you can try your hardest to downplay it all you want , but the simple fact remains that they threw a load of fireworks at the building , in an act of violence and hostility , otherwise known as ` an attack ' . 
   they 're in our country , invading our country . 
  that does n't change anything about what i said :  `` answerable to the actions of the kremlin '' does n't mean `` if you do n't like what the kremlin is up to , feel free to attack our building and/or terrorize our employees '' . 
  what russia is doing is wrong , and what these guys did was also wrong . 
  saying `` but russia ! '', 
  does n't magically make whatever you do justified . 
   i encourage further actions against manifestations of the russian government encourage criminal acts all you like , just do n't expect any sympathy for it . 
  i condemn bad actions , regardless of who the perpetrator is . 
   hitting back is n't a crime it is when it 's done illegally . 
   the russian embassy in kyiv is answerable to the actions of the kremlin that does n't justify attacks on said embassy . 
  `` answerable to the actions of the kremlin '' does n't mean `` if you do n't like what the kremlin is up to , feel free to attack our building and/or terrorize our employees '' . 
  that 's not how any of this works , and nobody should be doing anything other than condemning the actions of these people , regardless of what your opinion of russia 's actions in ukraine is . 
  for example , i think what russia 's doing in ukraine is terrible , * and * i hope the people who threw the fireworks get arrested and charged . 
  the embassy does n't control the russian government , they have no power to do any of the things you want them to . 
  if my neighbour took over part of my house and i went over to his secretary 's house and punched her in the face , i could n't just tell the police `` sure i attacked her , but the person she works for wronged me , so clearly i 've done nothing wrong '' and expect not to be held accountable for my actions . 
  the fact that it 's an attack in retaliation for something the target did n't do only makes it worse . 
  a protest that involved launching firecrackers at the embassy . . 
  protests are n't supposed to involve causing damage , or attempts to cause damage . 
  attacks , on the other hand ... next time my neighbour does something i do n't like , i 'll be sure to start launching fireworks at his house . 
  when the police show up i 'll just tell them it 's alright because i was only protesting his actions , and they 'll surely leave . 
  i think we won a baseball world cup recently or something . 
  i remember a quick mention at the end of a news broadcast at some point , a few years ago . 
  it must kind of suck , you win a fucking world cup representing your country , and then you come home only to be reminded that nobody in said country cares about your sport . 
  how else would you describe it ?
