  that 's how he sees himself . 
  i would n't be surprised to see him do a video whilst actually wearing a fedora . 
  god , is that molyneux clown still making videos ? 
  creepy hypocrite . 
  if you read this , stefan , feel free to try to have me silenced using the same laws you claim to passionately oppose , like you did with all those other people . 
  then you can just lie about it , just like you did then , just like you lied about that `` defooing '' cult shit that your wife very nearly lost her therapist license for being involved in ( the only reason she did n't actually lose it was because when the board pulled her files , it turned out she had n't been involved in it at all , it was just another lie from stefan to avoid blame ) . 
  edit : if you ever want to be entertained for a while , watch stefan 's final appearance on the joe rogan podcast , joe calls him out on all his shit and stefan just does what he does best : lie and lie and lie . 
  it 's hilarious . 
   andrea nahles , the labour minister and member of the centre-left social democratic party ( spd ) , drafted the bill in reaction to a court ruling late last year which found that eu citizens have a right to welfare payments after living in germany for 6 months . 
   local governments - which are responsible for paying social welfare - were outraged by the ruling , arguing that it would put an unbearable pressure on their finances . 
   the labour minister clearly agreed , with the draft bill in practice taking away from eu citizens the fundamental right to claim welfare payments during their first five years in germany . 
   `` it ca n't be the case that someone only has to move to another eu country to extract full social security benefits , even though they have a functioning social system in their own country , '' nahles recently told the westdeutsche allgemeine zeitung ( waz ) . 
  i 'm happy to know he 'll be rotting in a cell , do n't really care what his name is . 
   cumhuriyet journalists ceyda karan and hikmet \u00c7etinkaya , were each jailed for two years on charges of `` insulting people 's religious values '' jail time for insulting people 's religious sensitivities . 
  complete and utter madness . 
  good , well done geneva . 
  come on , moscow authorities . 
  that whole `` remove kebabs '' thing is just a meme . 
  why ? 
  why not hire people based on competence , rather than what 's between their legs ? 
   and the hitler thing just shows how long overdue it is there were some students punished under the same law in the late 60s , after they called president lyndon johnson a war criminal in an article in the student paper of their university . 
  erdogan is a pathetic joke of a president . 
  it was one of the dumbest things i 've heard come out of that man 's mouth , and considering the man in question is boris johnson , that 's * really * saying something . 
  one of the greatest novels ever written , for sure . 
  interestingly , shakespeare died on the same date , but because england was on a different calendar they were both printed in the newspapers of the time as having died on april 23 ^ rd of 1616 ( despite miguel de cervantes actually dying on april 22 ^ nd of , 1616 ) , which has been declared [ world book day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_book_day ) by unesco because it was the day the world lost its most preeminent dramatist and its most preeminent novelist , `` on the same day '' . 
  the turkish government is always trying to meddle out here . 
  last year they sent letters to turks living in the netherlands telling them to vote for erdogan , and to dutch turks urging them to instruct their families back home to vote for erdogan . 
  but the user 's comment implied that nationalists are n't `` retarded '' ( i felt `` cunts '' was a more appropriate descriptor for nationalists so i went with that instead ) , because they 're vindicated from being so by this story ( as implied by the use of the term ` despite ' ) . 
  in reality , while nationalists are generally fairly vile cunts , nothing about this story negates that . 
  anyway , we finally know who perpetrated this attack , hopefully they 'll be punished duly . 
  although i 'm not massively confident they will be , i must admit . 
  seems a bit of a silly thing to do , really . 
  thankfully they 've been arrested , hopefully they 'll be locked up for a long time . 
  how does this vindicate nationalists ? 
  the fact that there are also other people who are total cunts does n't magically negate their status as absolute cunts . 
  a vitesse fan in slovenia ? 
  i did n't know they existed . 
  you 're not wrong , it 's a ridiculous system . 
  i do n't understand why we do n't just legalize it all the way , but our current government unfortunately seems to want to go the other direction . 
  i 'm afraid it 's going to be [ giant douche vs. turd sandwich ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/736x/a4/48/e4/a448e44eec8f52902d0b70903b6a59c9.jpg ) again , as is so often the case in american elections . 
  ironically , separatism is forbidden by russian law . 
  if you 're in another country and you want to practice separatism that russia likes , they 'll happily fund your rebellion , or even annex the place for you , but there 's no going back once you 're in . 
  russia is like hotel california : you can check in any time you like , but you can never leave . 
  i 'm pretty sure the one at 1:24 is johnny depp . 
  sex tourism to amsterdam is * huge * , and they come for the internationally famous red light district . 
  not as many people come to amsterdam for the blue light district , you 're not wrong . 
  it should be noted , if anyone reading this is planning on coming to amsterdam for the blue light district , the blue light district is a combination of two things : gay prostitutes , and transgendered prostitutes . 
  so if you 're shopping for one of those two things , the blue light district is the place for you , but you 'll probably want to make sure you get the one you 're shopping for , and not accidentally the other . 
  unless you do n't care either way , in which case you 're good regardless . 
   is it a female thing only or is there some part of town where all you see is man ass for sale etc ? 
  yup . 
  it 's called a blue light district , as opposed to a red light district . 
  they 're not as big as the red light districts , though . 
  they started in the late 90s , initially they tried introducing male prostitutes into the red light district but it was a failure because the only people who come to the red light district looking for prostitutes are looking for female ones . 
  it 's legal , and regulated . 
  the government is becoming stricter with regards to prostitution though , to counter the involvement of things like human trafficking . 
  the apf is an openly racist and fascist group though . 
  their leader is a convicted terrorist who is openly and proudly fascist . 
  just because one of the sources who have reported on this is a leftwing publication does n't make this magically untrue . 
   but in spite of the new rules , the european parliament this january granted some $ 400,000 to the far-right european political party `` alliance for peace and freedom '' ( apf ) . 
   the apf is an association of european nazis , fascists and holocaust deniers . 
  their chairman is roberto fiore , a terror convict and veteran of the european far right . 
  in the 1980s , he and his group terza posizione were linked to the italian fascist terror organization nar , armed revolutionary nuclei . 
   the organization carried out a number of terror attacks in italy . 
  in 1980 , nar blew up a railway station , killing upwards of 100 people and injuring some 200 . 
  after the attack , fiore fled to the united kingdom . 
  he was tried and convicted in absentia in italy and sentenced to nine years in prison for organizing an armed group and for possession of explosives . 
   fiore evaded justice , returning to italy only in 1999 once the statute of limitations for his crimes had expired . 
  so , the eu is directly subsidizing actual , convicted terrorists ? 
  i think we all saw that coming . 
  what a lunatic . 
  gaelic football  hurling, 
   literally no one is saying this . 
  look at this thread . 
  this dude called all israelis nazis i should clarify , i was n't talking about the minister the article is about , i was making a remark about the subreddit in general , and how many of its users like to complain about people on their political opposition employing certain tactics , despite being quite keen to employ the same ones themselves . 
  the minister is clearly in the wrong with his statement , and i do n't imagine israel will take it lightly . 
  field hockey , for some reason . 
  especially women 's field hockey , in which we 've won 7 of the 13 world cups held so far . 
   maybe a conservative independent like gary johnson , is gary johnson an independent now ? 
  did he leave the libertarian party in the midst of his campaign for their election ? 
  it 's r/europe , any kind of label that can be put on you to silence you or devalue what you say will be taken . 
  if you say something that is critical of the actions of the israeli government , you are labelled as hating jews , because nobody wants to listen to the opinion of an anti-semite , therefore what you say will be disregarded . 
  if you say something that is critical of arabic migrants , you are labelled as hating muslims or hating arabs , because nobody wants to listen to the opinion of a bigot , therefore what you say will be disregarded . 
  etc. , etc. , etc. 
  this happens on both sides of the political aisle , and either side of the political aisle is furious about the other side doing it , while finding it totally right when their side does it . 
  will it be bigoted right-wing psychopaths wanting to kill muslims and accidentally attacking sikhs again , or will it be bigoted islamic fundamentalist psychopaths wanting to kill sikhs again ? 
  beautiful . 
  may we never stop rightly making fun of the most thin-skinned authoritarian clown in european politics . 
  every bike in the netherlands would be a traffic code violation in germany , then . 
  except the ones tourists ride , maybe . 
  in dutch , we call it `` tsjechi\u00eb '' , which is pronounced pretty much exactly like `` czechia '' , only with that dutch `` ch '' ( which is pronounced like a hard g ) instead of the english `` ch '' , which is pronounced like the `` ch '' in `` chocolate '' . 
  we call chechnya `` tsjetsjeni\u00eb '' , which is pronounced as roughly `` czeczenya '' ( * without * the dutch `` ch '' that is pronounced as a hard g ; we use `` tsj '' , which is pronounced like the english `` ch '' , as in `` chocolate '' ) . 
  i was not aware of that . 
  that is a ridiculous law that should be scrapped , then . 
  why should a person not be free to criticize or mock politicians and heads of state ? 
  the fact that erdogan is such a thin-skinned , petulant little child ( like most authoritarian tyrants ) should n't mean we ca n't be allowed to make fun of him . 
  phonetically , it will become very easy to confuse `` czechia '' and `` chechnya '' . 
  it will be like another austria/australia thing . 
  the fact that van der steur is a minister at all is embarrassing enough , i ca n't believe he survived that vote of no confidence though . 
  `` but . . but . . america does things too ! '',
