  i think the flemish do it even more than we do . 
  one you 'll find in just about every dutch town and city , and perhaps not as much in other countries , is `` molenweg '' , basically meaning `` windmillroad '' . 
  it tends to be the street that the local windmill is located on . 
   funny thing is i have seen no headline : `` usa condemned for bombing hospital , civilians and doctors without borders staff '' well , unlike russia , the usa is not a european country , so that would n't be as relevant to r/europe unless they did the bombing in europe . 
  but , because i aim to please , here you go : [ us airstrike vaporizes hospital -- killing 9 doctors without borders charity workers and injuring 37 others ] ( https://nationaltribune.com/us-news/us-airstrike-vaporizes-hospital-killing-9-doctors-without-borders-charity-workers-and-injuring-37-others ), 
  turkey has some balls , as well . 
  you 're accusing russia of not focusing their airstrikes on isis enough , turkey ? 
  really , * turkey * ? 
  bad news for the dutch . 
  when natural selection is forced , it is n't natural selection . 
  none . . that was the joke . 
  i do love henning wehn though . 
  my favourite german comedian . 
  are you sure they 're combating terrorism ? 
  because it sure looks like they 're just doing assad 's dirty work for him . . 
  say what you like , but we 've all heard how people from west-vlamingen speak . 
   one of the reasons is that they do n't pay taxes and drivers are n't insured . 
  that 's one of the reasons why it 's * cheaper * , which is only one of the reasons why it 's better . 
  but that 's beside the point . 
  as it is now , the taxi law is detrimental to everyone involved , except taxi drivers . 
  hence why everyone wants it changed , except taxi drivers . 
  they should allow for a service like uber provides in the us . 
  that song and video . 
  in my experience , a v/d steur reference is always a winner when discussing marijuana-policy . 
  if nothing else , you can at least share a hearty laugh , regardless of position . 
  starving to death is n't as easy as you think . 
  it 's slow , brutal , and full of unbelievable suffering for every last moment of it . 
  let him starve himself for a while , keep providing him with the food it is their duty to provide him with , he 'll start eating eventually . 
  he 's just trying to get them to give him better prison conditions , and as the article says , he got the worst punishment he could get because it 's what he deserves . 
  `` giving him what he wants '' would be to cave to his demands and upgrade his conditions . 
  he 's no martyr and he never will be , he 's a failure and everyone sees it . 
  at the end of the day , it 's their job to enforce the law . 
  unfortunately , the law in question is terrible and serves only to protect an inferior , outdated business model from the demise it would suffer without protection . 
  uber provides a significantly better service for the consumer . 
  the taxi law is in desperate need of an overhaul . 
  fuck force feeding , let him starve if he so chooses . 
  food is available to him , as it should be , it 's up to him if he wants to eat or not . 
  `` but they 'll be tough on the refugees , so what does it matter ?! '', 
  saudi arabia should n't be anywhere near a human rights council . 
  it 's disgusting how western leaders refuse to state the truth about that vile regime whilst turning a blind eye to the horrendous crimes against humanity they commit on a regular basis . 
  i know this is nowhere near the worst thing about that whole disaster , but kleine 's accent makes me want to beat him with a sack of bricks . 
  huh , that 's interesting . 
  i 'm very familiar with the name ` tess ' , it 's quite common here . 
  maybe i 'll start encountering sems in the near future . 
  still seems like a weird name though . 
  they 're not exactly my type . 
  however , i have a lot of friends with children under 10 . 
  i would think that , if ` sem ' is the number 1 most popular name in the country , i would have at some point at least heard of that as a name , yet this is the very first i 've ever seen those three letters combined in that order as a word , let alone the most popular name in the country . 
  i 've never in my life met anyone named ` sem ' , nor have i ever heard of that as a name . . 
  good luck , you sons of bitches . 
  may your reign be long and full of drama . 
  so you can make fun of the way the flemish speak it . 
  here 's an even better idea : not doing that . 
   unless he creates a dictatorship well , he has been talking for months if not years now about his admiration for various dictators and other highly authoritarian leaders . 
  i would n't be massively surprised if he at least tries . 
  well , we finally have an answer to the age old question of `` is tennis a democracy ? '' . 
  you 'd think the fact that the winner is n't voted for would settle the matter before it 's even raised , but you 'd be surprised . 
  you were using democracy in an incorrect sense . 
   obviously if we use the proper definitions then the us is a representative republic and not a democracy . 
  then we agree . 
  none of what you 've said addresses the fact that america lacks a complete democracy , thus making your claim somewhat dodgy . 
  not sure about that . 
  in america , clinton got more votes , yet lost . 
  if only the people 's vote had counted she would have won . 
  of course , because of the electoral college , trump won . 
  the same electoral college trump once called `` a disaster for a democracy '' . 
  he probably feels differently about it now , i imagine . 
  netherlands checking in , still nothing but rain all day . 
  we 're not all so lucky . 
  my bad . 
  it 's not real . 
  that 's why it 's just an image , rather than an article . 
  because there is no article . 
  i googled for the headline , the source , and the lead ( or ` lede ' , if that 's the spelling you prefer ; journalists make way too big a deal out of this difference in spelling , trust me , i am one ) . 
  all gave 0 results . 
  op is trying his hardest , and it 's decently made , in the sense that it would probably fool plenty of people ( especially those whose confirmation bias is strong ) , but it does not appear to be real . 
   using an early - '90s armored bmw he purchased four months prior to the october 21 attack , a peshmerga soldier named ako rahman rescued dozens of citizens wounded or trapped by snipers in kirkuk -- a city in the kurdish controlled region of iraq . 
  that is badass as fuck . 
  not sure why it 's relevant to this subreddit , but i like it . 
  the oldest trick in the book !, 
   feck i thought that was more of an irish thing . 
  incoming : jokes about growing up on a farm and being retarded . 
  she giveth , and she taketh away . 
   weed helped . 
  does n't it always ? 
  yeah , i 'm in a similar situation . 
  it 's only early november , i suppose . 
  there 's still plenty of time . 
   friend with weed a friend indeed . 
   what is new however is that isis claimed the attack , even though turkish authorities and the turkish governor blamed it on pkk . 
  that 's sort of what the turkish government does though . 
  first government response when there has been an attack = blame it on the pkk . 
  ( not that the pkk has n't committed horrible atrocities in turkey , of crouse . 
  they 've done plenty of terrible things . ), 
   the eventual establishment of the fourth reich . 
  lol . 
  i ca n't wait for this us presidential election to be over . 
  it has been truly depressing . 
  we used to have proper winters every year . 
  it 's been a long time since we 've had one these days , though .
