  see my earlier comment :  for all of the assumptions you guys are making regarding my opinion of aikido , something which i have n't mentioned at all except for in response to others mentioning it , other people kept bringing up aikido , despite my having not said anything about it , so i had to tell them that i was n't talking about aikido , which requires me to say the word ` aikido ' ; thus mentioning it . 
  if you said `` i 'm not a fan of cristiano ronaldo , he seems like a dick '' , and i replied `` what do you have against football ? 
  you have some sort of problem with the sport of football ? 
  '' , and you replied to that with `` i did n't say anything about football , i was talking about ronaldo '' , i could reply `` yes you did , you just mentioned football '' . 
  however , that would be to deliberately miss the point . 
   maybe it 's less about segal after all and more about disliking that segal practices aikido ? 
  as i 've said repeatedly now , it is about seagal . 
  i did n't even know that that was the particular sport he practiced , until it was randomly brought up by people desperately trying to put the words `` i do n't like aikido '' in my mouth , and failing . 
  why would i say anything about aikido at all ? 
  nobody was talking about aikido , we were n't discussing aikido , we were n't making a point about aikido , and as such i have no reason to say anything about aikido , despite how hard you keep trying . 
  we were talking about steven seagal , and i 've stuck to talking about steven seagal . 
  i get the impression that you 've incorrectly interpreted the fact that people are pointing out that seagal is seen as a bit of a clown by a lot of people as a criticism of aikido , when it in fact was n't ; it was actually a discussion about how steven seagal is seen by people . 
  again , i 'm sorry , but i 'm just not biting . 
  i willingly admit i do n't like seagal , as i did just now as well . 
  the other stuff , about aikido , that 's all coming from you guys , i have n't said a single thing about aikido , you guys started randomly accusing me of all sorts of opinions about aikido , when i have n't said a single thing about the sport , and i 've explained my reasons for disliking seagal . 
  you desperately keep putting all these words in my mouth , and i 'm sorry but i 'm just not going to take the bait . 
  for all of the assumptions you guys are making regarding my opinion of aikido , something which i have n't mentioned at all except for in response to others mentioning it , you sure are confident that you all know how i feel about it . 
  also , i do n't hate seagal , though i do n't think very highly of him , it must be said . 
  he 's a mediocre actor at best , a terrible filmmaker , and annoyingly pretentious and self-congratulatory . 
  i 'm not saying anything about aikido , i 'm saying steven seagal is considered a bit of a joke by a lot of people in the martial arts industry . 
  i did n't say it was n't . 
  in fact , i did n't say anything about aikido . 
   steven seagal is held in extremely high regard in the martial arts community . 
  you sure about that ? 
  because everyone i know who is in martial arts thinks he 's an embarrassing joke . 
  he is quite commonly [ made fun of ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bf8swduzcsehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gea__6avkk0&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=11m1s ) by top mma fighters [ as well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gea__6avkk0&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=11m1s ) . 
  good . 
  i 've read it , it 's boring and not particularly well written , but books should n't be banned . 
  the current turkish government is a disgrace . 
  it 's not exactly crazy , but to limit yourself over a fear of something this unlikely is a bit strange . 
  your chances of dying in a car accident are thousands of times higher , but that does n't stop you from being in traffic . 
  you 're a thousand times more likely to die of a heart attack , but you do n't let that limit your way of life in any way . 
  you can stay home out of fear because of the terrorists , but at least know that in doing so you 're giving up to them . 
  they 're called ` terrorists ' for a reason , their aim is to scare you into submission . 
  speaking as a journalist , you wo n't find many people who are more despised in this business than walter duranty . 
  incredibly fowl man . 
  if it bleeds , it leads . 
  lol , the telegraph . 
  well that took a lot longer than i care to admit to , but i think i got it 100 % . 
  to be fair , i have a lot of friends in the us and i 've spent a bit of time in the us visiting them , so i had some handy knowledge in advance . 
  http://i.imgur.com/knusvr6.jpg edited to add : got wyoming and colorado mixed up , and forgot about maryland , lol . 
  it 's no secret that rt is a complete joke . 
  it would be a funny one , if it were n't such an affront to journalism . 
  lol , the russian government never ceases to amaze . 
  my favourite comment from the r/turkey thread :  please return crimea to tatars by order of turkish government, 
  * sigh * , here we go . 
  i remember reading about russian flags being burnt here , after the mh17 crash , and i thought that was retarded as well . 
   crimea was and is russian , it 's hardly stealing , just correcting a historic mistake . 
  russia agreed , explicitly , to * never infringe on the national borders of ukraine * in an official international agreement , in exchange for ukraine giving up their nuclear weapons . 
  ukraine held up its half of the official agreement , russia violated it . 
  if crimea `` was and is russian , and it was a simple correction '' they should n't have done it illegally , they should have held the referendum in the proper way , not enforced by what even the kremlin now admits were russian soldiers , keeping any and all foreign observers and monitors at bay , thereby making the whole thing a write-off to begin with . 
  if it had been done legally , there would be something to talk about , but it was n't , so it 's invalid . 
  to me it seems more like a case of teenage stupidity than a case of malice . 
  which makes it somewhat sad . 
  by the time she realised what an enormous mistake she had made , it was too late to get out alive . 
  it 's a fucked up situation . 
  it 's called `` shaping a narrative '' , and it 's the way it is around here now , unfortunately . 
  anything that counters the narrative must be silenced , and anything that affirms it must be brought to the foreground . 
  it 's a way of skewing people 's view in the direction you want it skewed . 
  oh , how the mighty have fallen . 
   0 points ( 32 % upvoted ) `` shh !, 
  we 're working very hard on constructing a specific view of the refugees for the readers , this does n't help us ! '', 
  you ca n't claim it 's all the same circlejerk on each side , when everything negative about the refugees immediately flies to the top of the front page , while everything positive about them gets immediately downvoted into oblivion . 
  edit : and it would n't be complete without the inevitable downvotes to prove my point, 
  rakvere is also home to [ this one ] ( https://i.imgur.com/sbz8yhg.jpg ) . 
  a city of designers , it seems . 
   lets be honest , turkey has closed it 's eyes to weapons shipments and supplies for isis for years . 
  closed its eyes ? 
  oh , no , my friend . 
  actively sold and shipped , is closer . 
  to tell one such story : in a south-eastern province near the syrian border , in january of last year , police and gendarmerie officers were sent to investigate after local prosecutors had received a tip off that a number of trucks carrying weapons were passing through , on its way to an isis-controlled part of syria , to deliver the weapons . 
  officers testified in court , saying the trucks were loaded with rocket parts , ammunition and semi-finished mortar shells . 
  the police and gendarmerie moved to arrest the people driving the trucks , but the turkish state intelligence agency ( mit , sort of the turkish version of the cia ) was accompanying the trucks , and told the police to let them through as they were travelling `` on the government 's orders '' . 
  the prosecutors who acted on the anonymous tips are now facing trial themselves . 
  erdogan claims the trucks were `` mit property , and were carrying aid '' ( which runs counter to all the reports by the officers who searched the trucks ) , and that the prosecutors tried to stop the aid from getting there , for whatever reason . 
  as much as i despise putin , it 's good that finally a european leader has to balls to point out turkey 's disgraceful attitude towards and basically cooperation with isis . 
  i 've said it before , far too recently for my liking in fact , but i 'll say it again : if you interrupt a moment of silence , you 're simply a cunt . 
   in times of crisis , we are made to feel we should scrutinise our government 's actions less closely , when surely that 's when we should pay closest attention . 
  hit the nail on the head , right at the off . 
  alright , in recent years a few other networks have gone really big on the high-quality original drama tip . 
  `` body of work '' - wise , the bbc still takes it in my opinion , but of course hbo has only been a major , prominent network since the mid-90s , and they are catching up fast . 
  well , it 's never that black-and-white , of course , but it has been noted for a while that voting-patterns on refugee-related posts act very differently to those for posts on other topics . 
  it 's a bit of a `` hot button '' issue , i suppose . 
  of course they do n't mean anything , but they do prevent a post from being seen by most people who visit a subreddit ( which is why you 're being downvoted ) . 
  if you had posted a story about a bad experience you had with some refugees , you 'd be on the frontpage as we speak , with a full comment section . 
  i was commenting on the voting , though . 
  submissions that speak negatively about refugees are repeatedly highly upvoted , while submissions that do the opposite are always heavily downvoted . 
  remarking on a fact is not quite the same as circlejerking . 
  this :  because if you are against unlimited immgration you are a racist , and if you are pro immigration you are `` insane '' . 
  just has nothing to do with anything i was saying , and if you think that that is what i was saying , or that i 've ever made such a point , you 're mistaken . 
  there are things about the bbc that i do n't love , but when it comes to quality dramas , documentaries , and comedies , they are the best broadcasting company on the planet . 
  it 's a good story , but probably the wrong sub . 
  this is r/europe , anything that refers to any refugees as anything other than dangerous , evil scum will get nothing but downvotes , i 'm afraid . 
  once you 've been labelled as `` not having the * correct * opinion on this issue '' , you must be silenced . 
  i 'm sure the us would be fine with armed officials from other countries at jfk airport , for example . 
  if they saw a reason to be `` on alert '' , that 's up to them . 
  we see no reason , as it would be a pointless , expensive exercise in futility . 
  france are on alert because the french just suffered an attack , and the germans because they would have suffered one , had they not foiled it just in time . 
  the whole `` high alert '' thing is a facade intended to reintroduce the previously held feeling of security that a recent attack or attempted attack has removed from people 's minds . 
  if we suffer an attack , then we suffer an attack , which would suck .
