  that dude is literally hitler . 
  unforunately , the refugee crisis is likely to lead to a rise in far-right support . 
  my condolences to the people of ankara , and anyone affected . 
  frisian is a dialect of dutch , spoken in the dutch province of friesland . 
  the accession has been going since like the early 90s , has n't it ? 
  this is an outrage !, 
  what the islamic world really needs is an enlightenment period/movement . 
  when christianity first took a widespread hold in europe it was fundamentalist and barbaric , then we went through the enlightenment . 
  in the 19 ^ th century , the [ haskalah ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haskalah ) ( or ` enlightenment ' ) period saw the jews adopting the new enlightenment values of secularism , religious freedom , and individual liberty . 
  only the third and youngest of the abrahamic faiths is yet to undergo such a period . 
  it would make things a lot easier for everyone . 
   no , in your his previous comment you he pondered about replacing muslims with arabs , so as to make it more acceptable for the guy . 
  actually , and as you can see if you read the comment , i did that to make it more accurate , as not all arabs are muslims , and i have n't gone around the neighbourhood checking with everyone who lives here if they do or do not adhere to islam , i just know that the majority observe islamic holidays and visit the mosque so i know they 're mostly muslims . 
  for the sake of accuracy , i changed it to arabs , as i ca n't guarantee that all of them are muslims . 
  and yet , somehow , i know a ton of muslims who have absolutely no problem with holding western cultural values , the same as me . 
  i also know of a few who do n't , who oppose them , and they are despised by the rest of the community . 
  groups of a billion people are not necessarily monoliths , and the differences are more cultural than they are religious ( not unlike when christianity first started growing in europe , or when judaism first started growing europe ) . 
   well you did say ' i do n't care that it 's christianity and i wo n't care if it 's islam . ', 
  previously ... so , i take , now you 've inadvertly admitted that their religion is often a source of problems . 
  well , feel free to draw your own conclusions if mine do n't suit you , but what i was saying was that i do n't care that the primary religion in brussels is christianity , as christianity is n't my personal cup of tea but i 'm fine with others being into it , just like i would n't care if the primary religion in brussels were islam , as islam is n't my personal cup of tea but i 'm fine with others being into it . 
  i mean the fact that christianity has been more prevalent in europe 's history than islam is not something anyone needs to be taught , we obviously all know that , so there was no point in you telling me that . 
  the fact that you prefer christianity to islam , that 's up to you . 
  personally i 'm not a fan of either . 
  which part do you doubt ? 
  or all of it ? 
  to be fair , i should have said ` arabs ' , rather than ` muslims ' , to be more accurate . 
  opinions and commonly known facts are different things . 
  i 'm not going to insult your intelligence by pretending you actually thought i did n't know that . 
  do n't you know that islam originated in . . the middle east !, 
  * gasp * just like christianity and judaism . . damned foreign religions . 
  meh , like 90 % of my apartment building is muslim , the majority of my neighbourhood is , too . 
  has been for years . 
  not a problem . 
  good to see the old boogeyman tactic still works as well as it ever did , though . 
  bit of a shame that / r/europe has been turned into r/fearthebigbadmuslims , but it is what it is . 
  life goes on . 
  true , but english and dutch are both west-germanic languages , even more closely related , and google translate consistently fucks up translating dutch into english . 
  it 's mostly down to sentence structure , i think . 
  the order in which the different parts of the sentence go is more similar between swedish and english than it is between dutch and english . 
  i do n't know what the primary religion in brussels is now , i would imagine it 's christianity . 
  i do n't care that it 's christianity and i wo n't care if it 's islam . 
  it still shows some of the ways in which google translate is just not sophisticated enough to translate properly . 
  for example , in the second part of the first sentence , `` ik ken niemand die ze bewust aan laat '' , it fails to recognise that `` laat '' is n't used to mean `` late '' ( which that word * can * mean , on its own ) , but is in this context one of the two parts of the verb `` aanlaten '' ( `` to leave on '' ; as in , `` i do n't know anyone who deliberately leaves their light on '' ) , as transitive verbs can be separated , in dutch . 
  it 's a bit of both . 
  it 's what happens when comments from a dutch subreddit ( so , not always written in perfect dutch , sometimes using slang , and sometimes leaving out certain words that you would leave out in speech but not normally in writing ) are pulled through a google translate ( so , an imperfect translator ) . 
  heb wel een paar keer lege batterijen gehad omdat ik het zelf was vergeten :( which translates to :  personally , i always turn them off when i see it on others , i do n't know anyone who deliberately leaves them on . 
  i have , on a few occasions , had dead batteries because i forgot it myself :( i can translate that because i can recognise what the user is saying , but i can also easily recognise how that comment , worded the way it is , and leaving out the words it leaves out ( which i added back in in my translation ) , is impossible for google translate to translate correctly . 
  reading the google translation , though , i could n't possibly translate it backwards if i did n't know the original comment . 
  ik heb wel een paar keer zelf lege batterijen gehad , omdat ik het was vergeten :( google translate might have gotten a * bit * closer , but probably still would n't have gotten it right . 
  it reads like the sound of my grandmother speaking english . 
   i always do them yourself with others as i see it , no one know who they consciously late . 
  did have a couple of times batteries because it was me forget :( no , grandma , it 's fine , go back to bed !, 
  i 'm saying that 's a disgusting thing to say , i 'm not saying she should n't be allowed to say it . 
  i did n't say she was n't entitled to free speech , i was just saying i find what she said to be completely appalling , and her to be an awful person for saying it . 
  i 've spent a lot of time in the uk , and despite what the stereotype says , i find british food to be absolutely delicious ( although i 've been told that that is more of an indictment of just how bad dutch cuisine is ) . 
  with winter approaching , i 'll share my recipe ( i say ` my recipe ' , it 's basically a standard recipe with a few very minor variations i 've added ) of the infamous lancashire hotpot , in my opinion the perfect meal to come home to after a day in the cold ( it takes about an hour and a half to cook , so you can put it in the oven before going out shopping or whatever you 're up to ) . 
  i learned this recipe from some people in northamptonshire , which is really nowhere near lancashire , so it may not be in accordance with the traditional lancashire way of making it . 
  ingredients : 350 to 400 grams of lamb shoulder , on the bone lamb stock , 2 cups ( you could also use beef stock , but i like to use lamb ) plain flour worcestershire sauce , 1/4 cup half an onion 2 carrots about 250 grams of potatoes , peeled and sliced ( works best if you slice them quite thin , they get nice and crispy ) salt pepper olive oil preparation : step 1 : cut the lamb shoulder into chunks , cutting around the bone ( trim the fat as well ) . 
  step 2 : put two pans on the stove , one regular pan , and one saucepan . 
  step 3 : pour olive oil into the regular pan , and put the heat under it . 
  add the lamb bones ( which will inevitably have little bits of lamb still stuck to them ) that you 've cut the lamb shoulder off into the pan and turn them over regularly until they 're browned all over , at which point you take them out and dump them in the saucepan . 
  step 4 : pour the lamb stock into the saucepan ( at this point you could also add any spices you like , to let it infuse ; i like to just throw a stick or two of rosemary in there myself , but i 've seen it made with all kinds of different spices ) . 
  step 5 : bring it to a soft boil , and leave it for 30 minutes , after which you strain it into a bowl ( pour it through a sieve into a bowl ) . 
  step 6 : take the lamb chunks and , if you have one , put it into one of those zip-lock bags , add the flour , a pinch of salt , bit of pepper , ziplock the bag and give it a few real good shakes to mix up the whole bunch . 
  if you do n't have such a bag or any workable substitute , you 'd have to do it in a bowl or something like that . 
  step 7 : take the lamb chunks out and toss them into the pan you previously used to brown the bones , and cook the lamb until it 's brown all over , regularly turning it ( you 're not really trying to cook the lamb through , you just want to get a nice brown-cooked layer on the outside of the lamb chunks , they 'll get cooked properly in the oven later on ) . 
  step 8 : put the lamb chunks in a bowl , and pour the worcestershire sauce into the pan you 've just browned the lamb in , to deglaze the pan . 
  add the resulting liquid to the bowl that has the strained stock in it . 
  step 9 : slice the onion , the potatoes and the carrots ( the thinner the better , in my personal opinion , but however you like ) . 
  step 10 : take `` a hotpot '' ( any oven-proof dish , preferably a somewhat deep one ) , put a layer of potato slices at the bottom of it , followed by a layer of carrot slices , followed by a layer of onions ( these wo n't be slices , obviously , as onions fall apart when you slice them ) , then a layer of lamb . 
  on top of that , another layer of potato , followed by carrot , followed by onion , topped with lamb . 
  add one final layer of potato slices to cover the top , and pour the stock-mixture into the pot . 
  step 11 : cover the pot with either its lid , or , if it has none , some oven-proof foil . 
  place the pot in a pre-heated oven and cook for an hour and 40 minutes , at 160 \u00b0 c ( yes , that low ; this is basically slow-cooking we 're doing ) . 
  step 12 ( optional , really ) : once cooked , brush the top layer of potatoes with a bit of olive oil and broil it ( put it under a cooker that cooks from above , most modern ovens have that setting , if you do n't have a broiler ) until its golden-brown , for presentation . 
  this step is optional , strictly speaking , but i think it perfects the dish . 
  i remember this story when it first broke . 
  i 'm all about free speech , but directly calling for the murdering of people for the colour of their skin is pretty disgusting . 
  right , so . . exactly what i said . 
  if he wants to starve himself to death , let him . 
  he wo n't succeed , anyway . 
  i 've heard this `` too easy '' counterpoint quite often , i 'm not sure people are aware of how * incredibly * , excruciatingly awful of a death starvation is . 
  it 's by no means `` an easy way out '' , it 's unbelievably slow and unbearably painful . 
  they have a faculty here in the hague , there were a few police hovering around this morning , but they seem to have gone now . 
  if you want to starve , feel free to starve . 
  it 's your call , anders . 
  all the prison should have to do is provide him with the food he needs , whether or not he eats it is up to him . 
   if britain first was under a religious banner it could get away with hate speech just like islam . 
  in the video they did repeatedly refer to themselves as `` a christian movement '' . 
  yep , the west-germanic languages ( german , dutch , and english ) are very similar to each other . 
  they 're also quite similar to north-germanic languages like danish or swedish . 
  it 's not even a bullshit `` stereotype '' thing , we genuinely have shitloads of them . 
  anyone who 's ever visited can tell you nothing is as powerful as `` dutch wind '' , so it makes sense that we would have loads of windmills . 
  yeah , but it 's not * quite * the same . 
  a `` diminished '' noun can be used in a number of different contexts in dutch , some of which also appear in english , but quite a few of which do n't . 
  because of the incredibly generic examples i used , i was unable to be specific enough to differentiate between the way it 's used in dutch and the way it 's used in , for example , english . 
  in dutch , ending a word with - tje , - sje , or - je , indicates you 're referring to a small version of something . 
  so huis = house huisje = small house boot = boat bootje = small boat it 's particularly confusing for non-native speakers who are learning dutch , because we tend to use these words regardless of whether we 're actually referring to a smaller version of the thing we 're talking about or not , we just use it as a casual way of speaking . 
  so , someone will say `` dat is een mooi huisje '' ( `` that 's a nice small house '' ) , even if they are n't referring to a particularly small house . 
  a very common one is `` glaasje/flesje bier '' ( `` little glass/little bottle of beer '' ) , which almost never refers to an actually small beer ; it 's very common in bars to hear people order a `` biertje '' ( small beer ) , but they just mean `` a beer '' .
