  it 's always a good way of debating of course , saying the other person 's ` facts ' are n't facts , especially when the other person has n't claimed anything as facts . 
  stop trolling or learn how to read , whichever one happens to apply to you . 
   i 'm guessing you 're one of those people who says that there 's no such thing as dutch culture or identity , only multiculturalism . 
  then i 'm guessing you 're a moron . 
  have a good one . 
  i drove past it a few days ago , it really is a fantastic work of architecture . 
  i do n't have to , there were demonstrations held because of it , and they were documented . 
   eh , it literally is part of the ` dutch identity ' . 
  that you might not think so does n't mean it ai n't . 
  eh , it literally is not . 
  that you might think he is does n't mean he is . 
   when asked what is typically dutch , sinterklaas will be one of the main answers . 
  i do n't know how old you are or where you live , but i do n't think i know anybody ( over the age of 15 ) who would say sinterklaas as a typical example of dutch identity . 
  not that it 's relevant anyway , as we 're talking about zwarte piet , not sinterklaas . 
  the holiday itself might be mentioned as a part of dutch children 's culture , but the holiday is n't going anywhere , sinterklaas is n't going anywhere . 
  the only thing that has happened is that the look of zwarte piet has been changed from a racial stereotype that a lot of ** dutch ** people found offensive , to a look that is not a racial stereotype and thus not deemed offensive by those people . 
   multiculturalism inherently requires the surrender of space inhabited by the main culture , to be allocated to that of other cultures . 
  of course , that 's why zwarte piet has been removed and replaced with something from another culture ... oh hang on , zwarte piet has n't been removed , he 's still there , only his look has been changed so he looks like less of a walking stereotype , and he has n't been replaced by anything from any other cultures , just other things from our culture . 
  no space has been surrendered , and nothing has been re-allocated . 
  this is not about multiculturalism , it 's about people being offended by what they consider to be an institutionalized racial stereotype and asking for it to be changed so as not to be that . 
   a dutch children 's holiday that has to be altered due to foreign influences . 
  nope , altered due to * dutch * people complaining about it being offensive due to it basically being a walking golliwog . 
  i 'm not on either side of this issue , as i 've said i do n't give a shit what they do with zwarte piet , but you 're just being ridiculous . 
  zwarte piet is n't part of the `` dutch identity '' , he 's part of a silly children 's holiday . 
  to claim that this is people trying to take away our `` dutch identity '' is just paranoid nonsense . 
  i 've been dutch my entire life , born and raised in the hague , and i do n't give a shit what they do with zwarte piet . 
  i do get annoyed when people claim they can speak for the entire nation , though . 
  it 's always a shame when criticism of a belief system is met with violence . 
   putin , who once hugged a polar bear while visiting the arctic in 2010 , shit . 
  he really is a hard bastard . 
  this whole zwarte piet thing is just a giant embarrassment . 
  why did he plead guilty to theft if he had n't taken anything ? 
  who would 've thought ? 
  i 've really had it with putin . 
  ` belgium ' is a name the locals use for what we know as ` the border between us and france ' . 
  it 's their signs . 
  the guy with the straw fucking killed me . 
  i always wondered how they could go unfixed for so long . 
  just having a jab at the cheeseheads up north , ey ? 
  we 'll show you , instead of frans timmermans we 're sending ivo opstelten to brussels !, 
  when i was a child , whenever we would drive to belgium in the summer and i would ask `` are we there yet ? '', 
  my father would say `` go to sleep , and when you wake up from being thrown around by the car shaking like a popcorn machine , you 'll know we 're in belgium '' . 
  russia has been agressively suppressing the freedom of the press for hundreds of years , this was to be expected . 
  this needs to be a criminal offense . 
  thankfully in some european nations it now is , hopefully it soon will be throughout europe . 
  `` remember , rememeber , the 18th of september '', 
  that 's what / r/yurop is for . 
  i think you 'll find it 's `` endeavour '' , not `` endeavor '' , unless you 're american . 
  account created : 16 minutes ago . 
  well done , sir , you 've made the kremlin proud . 
  now fuck off . 
  it is , yes . 
  yeah , every time there 's a thread that 's related to russia a bunch of accounts whose history is entirely devoted to pro-russian messages turn up to talk out of their asses , every time there 's a thread that 's related to islam or muslims in any way a bunch of accounts whose history is entirely devoted to to anti-islam messages turn up to talk out of their asses , etc. 
  there are a lot of people who spend an amazing part of their time seeking out specific stuff on the internet , and especially on reddit , only to spread propaganda . 
  remember [ this ] ( https://web.archive.org/web/20140125045719/http://www.stormfront.org/forum/t1018437/ ) lovely little discussion ? 
  there are certainly organized , concerted efforts behind these actions at least * part * of the time , and i suspect * most * of the time . 
  or his dutch . 
  what a charming fellow . 
   the victim , who is calling for an inquiry into how the knife-man was released , was approached in the street by noureden mallaky-soodmand who told him , `` i 'm a muslim and i 'm going to chop your head off . '', 
   even after police arrived , mallaky-soodman continued his racist rants , and shouted at officers , `` i 'm isis and , christians , i 'll kill you , i 'll kill you all i 'm going to chop your head off . '', 
  the guy seems to be out of his mind . .  he told the judge , recorder simon batiste , that the iranian national has converted to christianity since his arrest and remand five months ago . 
  if he 's converted to christianity , why is he saying he 's a muslim and that he 's going to kill christians ? 
  seems insane . .  julian gaskin , mitigating , said mallaky-soodmand had drank one-and-a-half litres of vodka before the incident close to his home in walter street , stockton . 
  ah , that sounds about right . 
  genital mutilation of children is absolutely abhorrent and disgusting . 
  it 's shameful that it continues to be so common , both among boys and girls . 
  i would imagine they would have . 
  even i was pretty sure , of vw , and most other manufacturers . 
  looks like any major english city , late on a friday night . 
  you 'd be charged for them at an absolutely extortionate rate , but you could certainly get them . 
  if the vast majority of crimeans wanted to join russia they should have been allowed to , through a properly conducted , internationally monitored referendum . 
  not one where russian soldiers ( that even putin now admits to i believe ) are keeping everyone away and journalists record [ numerous instances ] ( http://www.aftenposten.no/nyheter/uriks/voting-fraud-secured-pro-russian-majority-in-crimean-parliament-7496130.html ) of [ voter fraud ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwk9ejigr4a ) , and the installed election monitors are all people who openly admit their bias in favour of joining russia . 
  salty all the way . 
  turns out * black mirror * was n't as far off as you may have thought . 
  if that 's the worst you 've seen of them , you have n't seen much . 
  you should crosspost this to r/books , they love this type of stuff . 
  there 's no need for him to do anything other than just comment in english at all , he just insists on it . 
  every other user on this sub just writes in english , because this is a european sub , and english is our common tongue , and every other user here understands that . 
  i would n't write all my comments in dutch and then put an english translation underneath it , because that would just be completely pointless and a bit annoying , therefore making me a bit of a cunt . 
  just like it 's completely pointless and a bit annoying when he does it . . 
  this is what final death throes look like . 
  the traditional taxi is doomed , they just ca n't accept that fact . 
  if they were smart they 'd realise this is only making matters worse and would adapt their service to be more like the service uber provides . 
  the tories are going to use the shit out of that . 
  it 's a tad ridiculous though , is n't it ? 
  i 'm no corbynist , but this notion that the country suddenly would n't be safe anymore if he became pm seems a bit ridiculous . 
  i knew the belgium one would be bruges . 
  fucking bruge man , having been there and seen it for myself , i can only conclude my childhood memories must somehow be completely wrong and i must have grown up on a farm and be retarded . 
  domestically , they have 4 provincial teams that play in the pro12 competition . 
  they are leinster , munster , connacht , and ulster . 
  the country of northern ireland lies within the ulster province . 
  so in the context of rugby , ` ireland ' refers to the island as a whole , all four provinces including the one that is , for the most part , northern ireland . 
  if you look at [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/b/b0/ireland_location_provinces.svg/800px-ireland_location_provinces.svg.png ) picture , the red bit is the province of ulster . 
  if you look at [ this ] ( http://www.resumetoreferral.com/wp-content/uploads/free_ireland_map_7061.jpg ) picture you can see that most of the country lies in the province of ulster , though they are not * exactly * the same area . 
  it 's finally here again !, 
  4 long years of waiting is finally over . 
  shame last night 's game was a bit on the boring side , opening-game nerves combined with awful weather conditions i suppose . 
  couple great games today . 
  do check out / r/rugbyunion if you 're interested in the wc or the sport itself . 
  from what i 'm told , if an imminent physical threat is perceived to an officer ( be it you or a colleague ) , german police are authorised to use self-defence , including the use of firearms .
