  just like we wiped out al-qaeda after 9/11 , right ? 
  just give the government more and more control over every aspect of your lives , and in exchange they 'll go sort out the problem and fix it up real nice so we wo n't be bothered by it again . 
  like how we increased invasive surveillance after charlie hebdo to ensure there would n't be another attack in paris , right ? 
  time is a flat circle . 
  sure , plenty of plots have been foiled . 
  always have been , always will be . 
  that has nothing to do with what i 'm saying , but it 's still true . 
  on a side note , i did hear about that in mainstream media , although i suppose the definition of `` mainstream '' is subjective in this case . 
   by your logic if we try to do 20 pull ups and we ca n't but we try a next time and we can now do 10 but it 's still not 20 so we have to stop because it just does n't work and it 's a waste of time and energy . 
  i 'm afraid you have misunderstood my logic . 
   seriously i do n't understand this kind of mentality . 
  i 'm going to extrapolate a bit but this normal kind of logic is : no surveillance but we still should open the borders even further because if we have already a few terrorists it 's okay to open the door to everyone . 
  again , completely not what i 'm saying . 
  if you want to give up the liberties and rights your ancestors fought so hard for , for the sake of an illusion of safety , that 's up to you . 
  do n't drag me into it . 
  ** this problem has root causes , they should be what we 're addressing ** , but your government is n't going to do that , as long as it can use the existence of the problem to further strip you of the things your forefathers held so dear , because people like you will accept these measures in exchange for that sweet , sweet illusion of safety . 
  i remember charlie hebdo . 
  sure , the surveillance laws put in place after that attack were draconian and massively invasive , but `` they were necessary to prevent another such attack '' . 
  and here we are , after another such attack , about to take it further still , because it 's `` necessary to prevent another such attack '' . 
  and after the next inevitable attack we 'll do the same run again , for the same reason . 
  an alternative would be to not do that , as it serves no purpose other than to further deprive people of their rights and their privacy in the name of the illusion of increased security . 
  we 're doing pretty good at preventing these attacks , we prevent most of them , as we did before the surveillance laws were made even more draconian after the last attack , as we did before they were made even more draconian after the one before that . 
  these increases in surveillance do n't do anything to increase the prevention of attacks , we 're doing well at preventing them , as well as we have been for about ten years now . 
  these increases in surveillance serve a different purpose . 
  one we should all be opposed to , as europeans . 
  i know i 'm starting to sound like a broken record , but the current turkish regime really is a disgrace . 
  what a surprise . 
  did we not all see this coming ? 
  this tragedy will be used as a political plaything by those governments who seek excuses to remove further liberties and rights in the name of a perceived security increase . 
  after charlie hebdo they put massive new surveillance laws in place , which did nothing to stop this attack , but they 'll use the attack to take it even further , while pretending it will prevent the next one . 
  the hague resident here , the thought had n't even crossed my mind yet . 
  i 'll write up a card and head there now . 
  thanks for posting . 
  in the second picture , the woman is yelling `` books '' . 
  not sure what to make of that . 
  what a joke . 
  the russian government is really clutching at straws . 
  can you explain what `` pro gay '' means ? 
  i 'm familiar with `` homophobic '' and `` not homophobic '' , but i 've never heard this term . 
  congratulations to the polish !, 
  have a good one . 
   to be honest , i 've had my best record shopping experiences in japan . 
  as soon as i discovered the incredible network of secondhand vinyl stores , i was disappointed by their equivalents in france and europe . 
  except for one place : amsterdam . 
  it 's the only city where i find the same dedication to collecting , conserving and sharing rare stuff . 
  i could name at least three shops that i love , but my favourite is probably waxwell . 
  now , i 'm not usually one to speak positively of amsterdam , but waxwell is a * fantastic * place , and there are a few more like it in amsterdam . 
  for all the hordes of billions of tourists that plague the streets of amsterdam every day , not enough people check out these little shops filled with gold . 
  oh , for the love of god , here we go again . 
  policy u-turns are the only thing merkel does with any consistency , so nothing surprising there . 
  good luck with that , given the recent election results . 
  the mormonts love to let it all hang out . 
  in my best ` typical dutchman ' impression : i do n't think we have 4 of those . 
  there 's the warm rainy season and the cold rainy season , that 's about it . . 
  stupid sexy flanders . 
  oh , i assumed it was , sorry . 
  there 's quite a few people in this thread sticking up for the perpetrators , so i just assumed . 
  somewhere along the way we went from `` while i may agree with their motives , this illegal , violent behaviour is inexcusable '' , to `` well i agree with their motives so i do n't blame them for committing these crimes '' . 
  as for your question , the crime rates probably would be lower without mass immigration , that tends to be the case . 
  large waves of immigration tend to result in a lot of new people living in poverty , and while obviously not all crime is related to poverty , an influx in poverty often leads to an influx in crime . 
  yes , that 's precisely what i 'm saying . 
  the `` what '' is what makes them scum . 
  the actions are the problem , that 's what i 've been saying all along . 
  the act of setting fire to a building that houses people , is what makes someone scum , as opposed to the act of throwing tea in the water , which does n't . 
  it 's really gotten to a weird place on this sub , where you ca n't even criticise blatantly wrong actions , if those actions are committed against refugees or migrants . 
  there 's a reason i included the `` for all the excuses and motivations you can come up with to try to excuse it '' bit . 
  it 's because i knew people would come up with excuses to try to justify illegal acts of violence against other people . 
  no one is happy about the refugee crisis , that does n't mean we should start torching asylum centers housing people , or making excuses for those who do . 
   by your logic , the people of boston , massachussets in 1773 were `` utter scum '' for engaging in the tea party protest please tell me you 're not being serious . 
  throwing shipments of tea into the boston harbor to defy the passing of an oppressive law , does n't make one utter scum . 
  setting fire to asylum homes housing people , because you disagree with your government 's priorities , does . 
  we all know where this slippery slope [ ends ] ( https://i.imgur.com/msy3faf.jpg ) . 
  scumbags . 
  for all the excuses and motivations you can come up with to try to excuse it , the people who do this are absolute utter scum . 
  it sure did . 
  none of those people is eating fast food . 
  you should make a wiki page about `` the dutch way of writing an 8 '' , and credit yourself with coining it . 
  then it will only be a matter of time before someone makes a wiki page about you . 
  think about it . . 
  if you really , really , really wanted to , i suppose you could . 
  personally , i 'm fine with people being free to mock whatever or whomever they like , however poor in taste they 're being while doing so , without persecution . 
  but then , as you so keenly discerned from knowing literally nothing about me , i `` grew up on 4chan and do n't know jack shit about how free speech functions on this continent and keep repeating these silly offense memes '' , so what do i know ? 
  mocking a tragedy is n't hate speech , it 's mockery . 
  in poor taste , sure , but not hate speech . 
  the duma called for `` the government to blacklist the french publication as extremist literature and insisting that the french authorities react and apologize '' . 
  that 's just ridiculous . 
  sorry if you 're offended , and i certainly understand why you are , but they have every bit as much of a right to offend you as you have to be offended . 
  i did n't know there were people who did n't do it `` the dutch way '' ( this is the first i 've ever heard it referred to as such , i just thought that 's how everyone did it ) . 
  do n't see any problem with `` the german way '' , though . 
  although that abomination at the bottom of the paper can fuck right off . 
  we now have government ministers expressing their desire to shut down all the coffeeshops nationwide ( thereby fulfilling the wet dreams of blackmarket dealers everywhere ) , including a justice minister who says he knows `` the horrible dangers of weed '' because he `` had friends who died of marijuana '' . 
  the sale of a number of types of magic mushrooms has already been banned , which was pointless and pathetic , and in 2008 they went further and banned the rest . 
  party drugs appear to be the next target for crackdown , which , again , is pointless and counterproductive . 
  there was a time when my country could boast being at the forefront of sensible drug-policy . 
  unfortunately the people we 've been governed by for the past 15 years have undone just about all of that good work . 
  she does n't look all that bothered about it . 
  just about all of them , as far as i can tell . 
  yeah but mh17 was a clear-cut case : obviously it was the neo-nazi fascist homosexual regime of evil in kiev , led by nato and the eu . 
  we should all follow portugal 's example on drug laws . 
  especially the countries that currently have the utterly atrocious `` war on drugs '' wreaking havoc , but really all of us .
