  i agree it 's not a major assault and it 's not like they tried to blow up the embassy , just launched firecrackers at it , but it was hardly an act of celebration . 
  i 've never watched american wrestling and i know nothing about it , but that dude is amazing . 
  driving through the centre of most dutch cities is annoying . 
  hence all the bikes . 
  false alarm . 
  there are subreddits to which this kind of content is appropriate . 
  i would say this is not one of them . 
  sarkozy is to french politics what boudjellal is to french sports . 
  your standard daily mail stuff , really . 
  i 'm a bit puzzled about that last one though . 
   i 'm still pissed that our gov did n't correct those fuckers in public back then . 
  i think it 's because he was n't a head of state or part of the government . 
  he was n't even an active politician anymore , he got voted out of the senate about 5 years earlier , and went back to working as a lawyer , until he quit his job to be able to run for president . 
  he was just a dude running in a republican primary . 
  if governments were to address every lie that came out of the mouths of those campaigning for a party 's nomination for the american presidency , they 'd have little time left . 
  if he were actually a member of the government when he made those claims , or the party 's nominee for the presidency , there would have been a much bigger deal made about it , and our government would probably feel that it should be addressed . 
  the stuff that happens within the primaries rarely becomes a big deal outside of the us itself . 
  no , no , have you not heard what rick santorum said ? 
  it 's a frenzy of doctors hunting down frail people so they can kill them , all over europe . 
  frankfurt and coimbra just have way too much going on to allow any room in the list for london or amsterdam . 
  `` what about [ insert country/people here ] ?!, 
  how about we talk about that instead ! '', 
   the former spokesman of russia 's orthodox church has come out in support of claims made by a top muslim cleric earlier this week endorsing female genital mutilation . 
  anyone who endorses genital mutilation , as well as anyone who speaks in support of said endorsement , is a reprehensible piece of shit . 
  people are hypocrites . 
  religious fanatics are no exception . 
  my mouth is watering already ... 
  they 've just released the suspects , according to a dutch source . 
  no further information . 
  \\  says he does n't like media lying and manipulating stories to fit their own agenda \\  is advocating in favour of breitbart lol, 
   on a trip to london , she was caught shoplifting some hats . 
  to the authorities in moscow , however , the mistake was not hers . 
  it was all a british `` dirty provocation . '' lol . 
  to save them from being lost at sea . 
  there is no shortage of discussion about migration in european media . 
  breitbart is a laughable rag . 
  and that 's why you should n't editorialise . 
  praying it was terrorism i see ... 
  ah , a new set of rights , written by theresa may and co. . that should be great for everyone . 
  i think it 's a reference to this : [ burkini ban : armed police force woman to remove swimwear on nice beach ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/burkini-swimwear-ban-france-nice-armed-police-hijab-muslim-a7206776.html ), 
   the bans were imposed on some french resorts as a measure to protect public order , but one french court has already suspended one , saying it `` breached fundamental freedoms '' . 
  at least there are still some authorities in france who have n't lost their minds , thankfully . 
  ah , football hooligans . 
  forever cunts . 
  lol . 
  no , i 'm doing the same thing i 've been doing since the start : pointing out the blatant falsehood of your statement . 
   so exactly what i said if what you said had been `` hitler was n't voted into office '' , it would be exactly what you said . 
  however , you chose , like so many on the internet , to perpetuate the tired old `` hitler was voted into office '' myth , and say the opposite of `` hitler was n't voted into office '' . 
   theresa may was not voted into prime minister by votes no , she was appointed as a replacement , when the guy who was voted in resigned . 
  this is a part of britain 's political process . 
  but if you were to have said `` theresa may was voted in '' , the same way you falsely claimed that `` hitler was voted in '' , you would have been as wrong about the former as you are about the latter . 
  hitler was not voted into office . 
  the nsdap was voted into the reichstag , and hitler was * appointed * to the office of chancellor by the president . 
  hitler did not become leader of germany by being voted for . 
  he was n't voted in , he was appointed . 
  you said :  so then the rise of hitler is something you fully support then ? 
  because he was voted in by a democracy . 
  this claim is false . 
  hitler 's rise to power was not achieved through votes , it was achieved through opportunism and appointment by the president . 
   it 's important we protect our identity as countries . 
  if my country starts going down this entirely reprehensible path and starts banning bathing suits , and forcing people to undress against their will because they 're wearing a type of bathing suit that is n't sanctioned by the government , then i 'll know the identity of my country is officially gone . 
  france is abandoning important , fundamental european values , and it 's a sad sight . 
  your claim was this :  because he was voted in by a democracy . 
  this claim is false . 
  he was appointed to the office , by president hindenburg . 
   so then the rise of hitler is something you fully support then ? 
  because he was voted in by a democracy . 
  hitler himself was never elected . 
  in 1932 he ran for president against the incumbent , hindenburg , and lost . 
  although hitler lost the presidential election in 1932 , his nazi party won in the german legislative election of july 1932 , gaining 37 % of the vote and more than doubling their seats from 107 to 230 , making the nazis the single biggest party in the reichstag . 
  however , no party coalition emerged within the reichstag with the 293 or more seats needed to form a majority government , so the sitting chancellor continued to govern , relying on presidential decrees from hindenburg until a majority coalition could emerge . 
  another legislative election was held in november of 1932 , in which the nazis gained fewer votes ( 33 % and 196 seats ) than in july , but still remained the single biggest party in the reichstag . 
  again , no coalition of parties emerged with 293 or more seats to form a majority government , but hitler formed a coalition with another right wing party that got him up to 250 seats . 
  still short of the absolute majority of 293 , but it put him in a strong position to demand the position of chancellor and the right to form a government - he might not have a reichstag majority , but he had more seats and support in the reichstag than the current chancellor , and no other politician had more legislative seats and support than hitler 's coalition . 
  hindenburg agreed and appointed hitler chancellor on january 30 , 1933 , and hitler proceeded to form a government . 
  when will these women understand that it 's part of french culture not to publicly express your religion !, 
  somebody call the police and have them force these women to strip , immediately ! '', 
   we all know the values islam and the burkini represent . 
  they represent women wearing a headscarf or being coerced into it from a young age . 
  the part of the hague i live in is majority muslim , so i know a lot of muslims . 
  most of the women around here wear burkinis when they go to the beach , because they choose to . 
  they do it because do n't want strangers seeing their uncovered . 
  i do n't know who wears the burkini because they 're forced to . 
   we all know the inequalities it brings . 
  women are forced to cover their heads , they are separated out , they are made to feel different . 
  they are certainly made to feel different , when they 're told that , unlike everyone else , they 're not allowed to wear the bathing suit of their choosing . 
  they 'd certainly be made to feel different , when forced to undress against their will by a french policeman , in front of hordes of strangers whom they do n't want looking at their bodies . 
  it 's the easiest way to make sure these women will never feel `` french '' , will never feel like they are part of society , and will always feel like the society they live in considers them `` other '' , and does n't grant them the same liberties it grants the rest . 
   this is a preventative measure . 
  what it prevents is any and all possibility of there not being conflict . 
   let 's just stop talking about this non-issue `` how i learned to stop worrying and [ embrace my inner saudi arabia ] ( https://i.imgur.com/c73rplr.jpg ) '', 
   it 's a fucking cloth , it 's not terrorism , unemployement or even economic problems . 
  exactly , it 's a piece of cloth , banning it is simply ridiculous . 
   nobody cares well , that 's not true . 
  ridiculous infringements on freedom of expression are something that , believe it or not , a lot of people do care about . 
  it 's a pretty major part of that whole ` european values ' thing . 
  the stuff we 're supposed to stand for , which some parts of france are now directly going against . 
   it 's getting embarassing . 
  * getting * embarrassing ? 
  they banned a bathing suit .
