  this is a woman . 
  although i imagine it would still work . 
  `` we definitely had nothing to do with it , now stop investigating it ! '', 
   superman speaks russian that has to be a hilarious read . 
  i 'm still amazed that whoever 's alt this is made the account 5 days in advance . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , the montenegrins are already the tallest * people * on earth , on average . 
  the dutch are the tallest of any * nation * on earth , on average . 
  basically , if you take all the people of the netherlands and calculate their average height , it 's the tallest on earth , taller than if you take all the people of montenegro and calculate their average height . 
  but if you take everyone belonging to the group `` montenegrins '' ( be they living in montenegro , serbia , croatia , macedonia etc. 
  or elsewhere ) and calculate their average height , they 're the tallest group on earth . 
  that 's how it was once explained to me by someone else , though he ( and therefore i ) could be completely wrong , i 'm not sure . 
  when it 's made during a full moon the secret transforms into a giant-monkey-secret . 
  i think predicting what religion you 're assuming he follows would be a much easier guess than predicting what religion he actually follows , if any . 
  both are very common to have with fries , and if you 're eating at places where they only serve those two options i do n't know where you are but everywhere i know of also serves curry , peanut sauce , mustard , and plenty of other stuff . 
  it wo n't matter a bit to them . 
  `` something , something , usa , something , something '' , end of discussion as far as they 're concerned . 
  looking back on it , it 's hard to believe this was a show for children . 
  it was a massive part of my childhood though . 
  herman van veen is an amazing man in many ways , not just for creating alfred j. kwak . 
  he 's a fantastic songwriter , and his live performances were phenomenal . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xs7a78ljph8 ) is one of my favourite performances of his . 
  it 's in german but it 's a great live version , i prefer it to the dutch one . 
  yeah , it was incredibly sad on a regular basis . 
  even the story of dolf 's childhood , despite him being `` the bad guy '' character , really makes you feel for him . 
  usually in kids cartoons the `` bad guys '' are just bad because they are , in ajk each character had a fully fleshed out backstory that explained its situation . 
  in my opinion the greatest children 's show ever made . 
  it was genuinely entertaining , and it dealt with some really serious issues in a very creative way . 
  they were basically stories for adults , but told in a manner that children could enjoy them . 
  to take from the [ wiki ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alfred_j._kwak ) : `` unlike many other cartoons targeted for children , alfred j. kwak features exceptionally mature and often sad themes . 
  amongst others it deals with different social and political issues , such as abuse of power , but also raises important values such as friendship and solidarity . 
  the cartoon is also notable for the political themes on which it touches . 
  in the cartoon , alfred fights against [ a fascist dictator ] ( http://orig13.deviantart.net/6903/f/2009/277/b/0/dolf_is_justice_by_theartrix.jpg ) , takes in refugees fleeing from a country under apartheid ( with white geese and black ducks ) , saves whales against hunters , and oversees the changeover of his country from an absolute monarchy to a constitutional monarchy with a democratically elected president . 
  such themes are far from typical in a children 's cartoon , and form a big part of alfred j. kwak 's appeal . 
  the cartoon is also unusual for the subtlety of its long-term narrative . 
  in most children 's cartoons , the characters do not age . 
  in alfred j. kwak , we see the progress of the main characters from very young children to adulthood as the series advances . 
  this is particularly striking in the character of dolf , who is initially a mere schoolboy , but who , as time passes , becomes a criminal and a dictator . '', 
  i look forward to years of initially misreading headlines as `` dude says x '' and `` dude holds press-conference about y '' etc. 
  no one does cirrhosis of the liver like we do . 
  any update on the bomb situation ? 
  the english article only mentions the guard getting shot . 
  i remember a few years ago in south-africa , the people there assumed i was british because i speak with a kind of british accent as a result of having lived in the uk , so they would talk about me in afrikaans assuming i would n't understand a word . 
  because my native tongue is dutch , i could actually make out quite a bit of what they were saying . 
  they did n't say anything too interesting as far as i can remember , but it was funny to be able to hear all the `` this dumb foreigner . . 
  etc. '', 
  stuff . 
  oh , i see , so it 's the same mistake as with the polish guy . 
  apparently it 's more common than you would think . 
  what did it actually mean ? 
  the thing the guy said in stead of the actual name ? 
  i was going to say , is n't this a story from like 8 years ago ? 
   according to the local prosecutor , three minors were arrested on tuesday morning . 
  i had a feeling this would probably have been done by a bunch of teenagers . 
  just pathetic . 
  there were these women from chechnya who scammed some isis recruiters by making fake social media accounts and sending them messages saying they wanted to join isis and become their brides and shit , but that they needed x amount of money to travel out to syria/iraq . 
  once the money was transferred , they 'd cash it out and delete the social media accounts . 
  they ended up being arrested for it . 
  we could set up a scam like those chechen girls did with isis . 
  that would be a bit odd . . also , why would canada want to join the eu ? 
  no , no , no , have n't you been listening to yannis lately ? 
  clearly the germans are hellbent on world domination . 
  it should never have been made illegal in the first place , but at this point it 's painfully obvious that the thing to do is just legalise it . 
  my next-door neighbour . 
  that guy 's a dick . 
  some of these are alright . 
  and most are subtitled . 
  they try very hard to make them funny . 
  they usually fail . 
  obligatory plug : / r/netherlandspics /, 
   netherlands : most people who 've quit smoking nobody likes a quitter , i say . 
  it 's largely due to their membership of the eurasian economic union , i imagine . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  thanks . 
  does anyone know the story behind portugal taking the word from cantonese directly , while the eastern countries got it via persian ? 
  as far as i can make out they 're the only country where this is the case . 
  papa murdoch will be proud . 
  that series was incredibly interesting , and i like how vice does these dispatches ( even if their style of reporting is n't really up my alley ) . 
  i hope they win the emmy , although i do n't know who they 're up against . 
  legally speaking , the fact that we all despise the victims of the crime and think they clearly deserve it ( and deserve much worse , too ) , does n't mean it is n't still a crime . 
  they had to be arrested in accordance with the law , as much as we may think what they did is great . 
   the reasons for this decision are the scandals in the rbf and the scheduling of an extraordinary election conference . 
  i do n't really follow the goins-on surrounding the rbf ( it 's the first i 've heard of them , to be honest ) , can anyone fill me in ? 
  colour me not surprised . 
  he does have a tendency to admire utterly horrendous people . 
  seeing as he described stalin as `` a man with good intentions '' , i 'm hardly surprised to hear he likes blatter . 
   while i do n't agree with coontown on most things the fact that you regularly post there and tend to get plenty of upvotes there suggests otherwise . . do you just only chime in when the discussion is about the things you * do * agree with ? 
  personally , i do n't see any reason for any sane person to go there at all , but if you 're being selective then i suppose it 's possible you do still disagree with them on most things while also regularly contributing and being upvoted , but you have to admit it does at least * seem * unlikely . 
  when you get ` randomly selected for drug testing ' it * can * be a case of racial profiling , but when you 're snoop dogg , i suspect it 's more a matter of `` you 're the world 's most famous weed smoker , you never stop talking about how you 're constantly high all the time , we 're going to go ahead and select you for a drug test '' . 
  i think it 's safe to say it 's beyond suspicion with snoop . 
   hostages gave him the name john as he and other britons had been nicknamed the beatles , another was dubbed george . 
  these isis guys sound like a hilarious bunch . . / s, 
  of course , we got nothing . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.pensionneele.nl/uploads/images/foto%20ramp%202 ) photograph from the flood of '53 is fairly iconic in 20th century dutch history . 
  never before have i clicked a link with such trepidation . 
  she was n't the only one , i imagine . 
  utterly horrendous . 
  congratulations to our southern brothers !, 
  even the french-speaking ones , 
   you keep using football chants as some kind of proof that it 's cool for us to be hollanders . 
  no , i do n't `` keep doing that '' , in fact i never did it in the first place .
