  the dutch government has no say over them . 
  they 're governed by a governor ( who represents the king of the netherlands ) , and a parliament of their own , which they elect themselves . 
  learning a new alphabet is always tricky , and it takes time . 
  eventually it 'll just become like a second nature , but it takes a lot of time and practice . 
  it 's especially confusing because certain symbols are found in both the latin alphabet and the cyrillic alphabet , but do n't represent the same sound . 
  for example , the symbol ` h ' is to the cyrillic alphabet what the symbol 'n' is to the latin alphabet . 
  the symbol ` p ' is to the cyrillic alphabet what the symbol ` r ' is to the latin alphabet . 
  the symbol ` y ' is to the cyrillic alphabet what the symbol ` u ' is to the latin alphabet . 
  and there 's a few others . 
  the symbols that are totally new you 'll just learn as new information and pick up pretty easily , but those symbols are already recognised by your brain as representing a certain sound . 
  for example , i still remember regularly pronouncing the russian word for radio ( which is ` radio ' ) , as `` padio '' , because my brain recognised the first letter of that word to be a p , because that 's what the symbol ` p ' represents in the alphabet i 've used since i was a child . 
  as for the culture , i do n't actually know that much about russian culture . 
  i once went to moscow for a week , that 's all the time as i 've spent in russia . 
  there 's probably some people on here who could answer that better than i could . 
  it was very difficult . 
  it 's always difficult learning a new language in a new alphabet , but i found russian grammar to be very complicated , compared to languages like dutch , german , french , english . 
  spanish would be easier , and would probably be more useful because it 's spoken all over the world , , but as someone who did russian for a few years , i must say it 's an awesome and beautiful language ( though a very difficult one to learn ) . 
  i 've often thought that portuguese , when spoken , sounds like someone speaking spanish in a russian accent . 
  `` see , trump 's not one of these coldhearted warmongering guys , he just wants to kill random family members of suspected terrorists , bomb the shit out of the middle east , bring back torture , and preferably do more of it because that 's what they did in the old days '', 
   if i hire somebody to mow my lawn he does n't get to live in the shed afterward . 
  that 's not what freedom of movement is , at all . 
  i wonder if he 'll ever allow himself to be removed . 
  he just seems so much like the classic authoritarian dictator type . 
   witnesses told serbia 's state tv that the attacker came to the makijato cafe and saw his wife there with a group of friends , the ap news agency reports . 
  he apparently went home and came back with a gun . 
   `` he just pulled out a gun and started shooting , first into the air , '' one of the witnesses , svetozar manojlovic , said . 
  `` it sounded like firecrackers at first , '' he said . 
  `` then the guy next to me fell down and others started falling down . 
  it was total chaos . '', 
  so this motherfucker did n't like that his wife was with a group of friends , so he got a gun and started shooting random people in the cafe ? 
  what an absolute cunt . 
  ah , our national embarrassment , mad uncle geert , has seized another opportunity to turn himself into a news story . 
  he does n't do plans , he 's `` a man of the people '' . 
   people do n't wan na hear it , and they should n't have to . 
  it 's not the government 's job to protect your ears from lies and stupidity . 
  freedom of speech includes the freedom to lie , the freedom to say offensive things , the freedom to say controversial things , etc. 
  personally , i believe lying or saying fucked up things should not be * illegal * . 
  i believe it should be debunked/countered/frowned upon/ridiculed/laughed at etc. , but not criminalised . 
  i despise denial of the armenian genocide , but making it illegal is just stupid . 
  i 'd prefer freedom of speech , i do n't need my ears protected against dumb shit being said . 
  i know . 
  that comment was n't meant anywhere near as seriously as it 's being interpreted . 
  the point is that dagestanis are from russia , just like frisians are from the netherlands , just like scots are from the united kingdom , just like catalans are from spain , etc. 
  give ` constantinople ' back to greece !, 
  and give australia back to the aboriginals , and give the us back to the native americans , and reinstate the republic of genua and give back corsica to them !, 
  we must reverse history !, 
  i know , that second comment was n't quite as serious as it 's being interpreted . 
  the point is , just like being welsh does n't negate being british , and being frisian does n't negate being dutch , dagestani does n't negate being russian , etc. 
  it 's a part of the country , and as such you can say that a person from that part of the country is from that country . 
  the notion is absurd . 
  i could say similar things about friesland . 
  they 've been calling for independence since forever , holland and friesland went to war against each other several times , they speak a different language , etc. 
  they 're still dutch , whether they like it or not . 
  which makes him russian , does n't it ? 
  when someone from friesland does something fucked up and the press reports on him as being dutch i do n't go `` actually , reminder : that guy 's frisian , he just has a dutch passport '' . 
  the guy 's been dead for decades , so this should be good . 
  i do n't know about all that , all i know is he 's an absolute cunt of the highest order . 
  every government loves doing it . 
  terrorist attacks are tragic and sad , but to politicians they are also a creator of opportunities . 
  let me get this straight , you 're telling me that a government is affording itself more power and control over its citizens , at the expense of their rights and their liberties , under the excuse that it 's needed to fight terrorism ? 
  well colour me surprised ... / s this is really the cost of terrorism . 
  the terrorists take our friends and family members , then the governments take our rights in response , and then we wait for the next one to restart the cycle . 
  this is izmir . 
  the majority of the people there voted for \u0130hsano\u011flu . 
  but you do n't care , you 're too full of hatred for any and all turkish people because of the actions of their government , just like all the other terrorist apologists who cheer for attacks on civilians . 
  how do you know who semih parmaksiz , the elderly man whose house the pkk launched a rocket through , voted for ? 
  do you have any record of which politicians this 62 year old man has voted for in his life ? 
  no , but you still call it `` awesome '' and ask for `` more more more please ! '', 
  when you hear about these psychopaths nearly killing him . 
  you said `` any resistance against turkey is legitimate at this point '' . 
  you literally said that . 
  you argued that it 's justified to * kill anyone * if they happen to be turkish , regardless of whether or not they have any involvement at all , directly or indirectly , with what happens to the kurds . 
  you 're literally saying you think killing innocent people is justified , because you do n't care if innocent people die , because so long as they happen to be turkish you think it 's a good thing to kill them . 
  you 're the sort of person every terrorist group dreams of recruiting . 
  you 're morally bankrupt . 
   look who turkish civilians vote for . 
  did the pkk first go around those people houses and ring the doorbells to check who they had voted for ? 
  they kill indiscriminately , like the scumbags they are , because they do n't care if they kill innocent people . 
  in this case we were lucky , the attack failed so nobody was hurt , thank god . 
  but this `` they voted though ! '', 
  excuse is just pathetic . 
  you do n't know how any of these people voted . 
  it 's the same excuse the 9/11 apologists used to blame the victims and excuse the attack . 
  it 's the same excuse psychopaths used to excuse the attacks in paris . 
  `` the french government did some fucked up shit , and some of these people probably voted for that government , so fuck them they deserved it '' . 
  `` but look at what the american government does , those people totally deserved it ! '' . 
  they were there then too , shouting `` awesome news !, 
  '' , just like you 're here now . 
   i would be pretty angry if someone said that , but life ai n't fair . 
  right , but there 's a difference between being unfair to someone , and being a complete cunt . 
  you looked at a news story about innocent civilians getting their houses blown up by rocket fire , and you said `` awesome news !, 
  more more more ! '' . 
  you 're a vile , reprehensible scumbag . 
  clearly a slow news day in the uk . 
   kurds have been subjected to outright ethnic cleansing and cultural suppression by the turkish government . 
  you do n't get to kill civilians because you do n't like the actions of their government , unless you want to openly brand yourself a terrorist group of course . 
  you 're not only making excuses for a political group carrying out violent , usually deadly attacks against civilians , you 're * actually * blaming the victims , and calling the attack `` awesome '' . 
  they attack innocent civilians , because they do n't like a government 's actions , and you cheer `` awesome ! '' . 
  there are always the apologists . 
  every time some fucked up group tries to kill a bunch of innocent civilians over something a government does , there are these reprehensible cunts coming out of the woodwork to blame the victims and cheer on the perpetrators .
