  i think that would be the best option as well . 
  i do n't have much faith that it 'll happen though . 
  i remember gelderland as being a lot bigger than that . . 
  everyone is terrified of kadyrov , and it 's hard to blame them . 
  i know , i was n't trying to contradict you . 
  if they had held a * legitimate * referendum in crimea , crimea would have voted to join russia in a legitimate , legal way , and would be a legit part of russia right now . 
  however , they held an illegal referendum , without proper monitoring , and enforced by what even the kremlin now admits were russian soldiers , so it ca n't be officially recognised . 
  in practice , though , crimea is for all intents and purposes russian , whether we like it or not . 
  not generally speaking , no . 
  depends on circumstance . 
  there is no problem with such machines here , at least not more so than there is with other machines that can very easily kill people ( and do so at vastly higher rates ) , and the public 's access to such machines is * highly * restricted anyway . 
  there is no added value to be gained , terrorists will not stop attacking us just because they have to go through a bit more trouble to get a gun ( every terrorist attack in continental europe in the past few decades has been carried out with * illegal * firearms anyway , making those guns more illegal is n't going to somehow counter that ) , and the homicide rates related to firearms are in no way problematic as things are now . 
  this is more legislation that sounds nice but in fact does nothing , and people 's willingness to fall for this nonsense is why your governments keep happily exploiting every one of these tragedies to push through dumb legislation like further gun-bans , encryption-bans , even more invasive surveillance laws . 
  the people who use these types of slogans , like the one you used there , to justify this nonsense are a large part of why they get away with it again and again . 
  not according to glorious papa putin . 
  he loves singing songs of praise for old stalin and his comrades . 
  disgusting behaviour . 
  right . 
  i , too , am familiar with old , pointless memes . 
  europe has no need for stricter gunlaws , they do nothing at all to counter terrorism ( which is the excuse given ) , and europe has no significant problem with gun-homocides to begin with . 
  if you want to make a better world for yourself , do something that would actually help that cause . 
  sure , but i 'm comparing situations where there is a carefully planned and orchestrated attack across multiple locations committed by a group of people working in cooperation for a shared goal of causing as much fear , death , and destruction as possible , with a situation where a man with a history of mental instability stabbed a random other man in a trainstation . 
  surely a distinction can be drawn there . 
  edited to add : sorry , my mistake , `` man with history of mental illness stabbing one random other man in a trainstation in a reactionary move '' is totally the same thing as a carefully planned attack by multiple people , orchestrated across multiple locations , killing hundreds of people . 
  they 're the same thing and should be treated the same . 
  that was n't really much of a terrorist attack , that was [ a guy who stabbed another guy ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/voices/the-leytonstone-stabbing-wasnt-really-about-terrorism-it-was-about-mental-health-but-no-one-wants-to-a6766436.html ) . 
  the stabber in question was a mentally unstable man who was known to the police , not because he was on a terrorist watch-list , but because he had been taken into custody for a mental examination two weeks earlier because he claimed he was `` seeing demons '' . 
  there was a stabbing that same day in oxford , but the stabber there did n't shout anything about syria , so there was n't any strong public response to it and the media did n't cover it . 
  actual attacks , where a group of terrorists conspire to kill and wound as many people as possible , those guys mean business , and they do n't let a legal ban stop them ( like with the latest attacks in paris and the one in paris before that ; both of which were carried out with banned guns ) . 
  incidents where an unstable guy gets upset about a political situation and decides to grab a knife from his kitchen and go stab somebody do n't really fall under the same purview . 
   there 's really no reason to own semiautomatic weapons imho , so i do n't see why they should n't be banned . 
  that 's an odd line of reasoning . 
  there are countless things for which there is no real reason why they should be owned , other than people wanting to own them . 
  i do n't see any real reason why they * should * be banned . 
  after every major terrorist attack the various governments of western europe seize the opportunity to take it further with the surveillance and the banning encryption and banning various other things , all in the name of `` preventing the next attack '' . 
  and then the next attack comes , and the same cycle starts up again , and then again , and again , ad infinitum . 
  i do n't see why . 
  apparently it 's in response to the paris attacks , but somehow i ca n't help but feel that terrorists are n't going to let the law stop them from getting to paradise . 
  i 'm not sure why , but i was expecting the uk to have a lot more . 
  ssh !, 
  you 're ruining our favourite pastime !, 
  i ca n't think of a more appropriate title for a film set in the netherlands . 
  what an idiot . 
  how did he think that was going to end ? 
  i do n't know how they cope with that , especially during summer , those are long days . 
  i live in a majority muslim neighbourhood so every ramadan i see the people fasting all day and i ca n't even imagine being able to last an afternoon . 
  of course , on the evening of the final day of ramadan they have the big feast , which is when it gets good . 
  i always get invited over to various neighbours ' houses for it , and i always feel a bit guilty about it because i did n't actually fast like they all did ( although quite a few of them cheat , i happen to know ) , but the food is * so fucking great * and it 's such a great time , i just ca n't resist . 
  they make the best damned food in the world , and i have one friend down the street who has a moroccan father but an antillian mother , so they make a combination of arabic food and caribbean food , that shit is insanely good . 
  david cameron and ` things that could lead to a brexit ' is a lot like the daily mail and ` things that could give you cancer ' . 
  christmas is the big one , along with king 's day . 
  also liberation day and new year 's eve of course , and sinterklaas for the children . 
  easter is also quite big , but more among families with young children , i 'd say . 
  painting eggs and all that . 
  when they say ` most efficient ' , what exactly is that based on ? 
   usa asks finland for help against us ... 
  yep . 
  that 's the joke i was going for . 
  painfully predictable madness , but madness all the same . 
  i thought the scots were the wildlings ? 
  i bet the black dinner of 1440 would make for an awesome tv event . 
  [ what the fuck ? 
  ] ( http://www.cvltnation.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/libelle-4.jpg ), 
  the amount of entirely orange young people you 'll see walking around in the uk and ireland is frightening . 
   showing a mistrust of mainstream media reports  appearing angry about government policies , especially foreign policy shit , am i a terrorist ? 
   mr sawhney said on facebook that he listened politely , explained the man 's words were offensive and offered to shake his hand - at which point the bouncer punched him in the face . 
  i do n't care how much time he did or did not have , or how many sikhs or muslims he has or has n't seen in his life , it 's no excuse for being a cunt . 
  yikes , the netherlands are looking a little broken up there . 
  zeeland took a beating . 
  thanks . 
   russian educational colony what the fuck are those ? 
   just bombing is in raqqa from the sky will not defeat is , but it will make people suffer more . 
  is will use the uk strikes to recruit new people in the west and new fighters and maybe they will carry out terrorist attacks . 
  i suppose it 's better to be a falsely labelled terrorist-sympathiser , than to be an active terrorist-enabler , mr. cameron . 
  i thought it was rather obvious that i was n't suggesting he is bad at aikido , after i said * repeatedly * that i was n't talking about aikido at all to begin with , and that i did n't even know that that was the martial art he practiced . 
  i made it clear i was n't talking about his aikido from the start , after which several users tried to make it seem like i had said something critical of aikido , which i refused to dignify by taking the bait ; instead , i repeatedly informed them that that was simply not what i was saying , * at all * . 
  i did n't go out of my way to point out that i was n't suggesting he was bad at aikido , as i felt that was glaringly obvious from the fact that i repeatedly said i was n't talking about aikido at all , and did n't even know he practiced it . 
  if that is `` allowing the interpretation that he is bad at his martial art '' , then i suppose i should have also explicitly stated i was n't making fun of him because of his hair , as not doing so allowed the interpretation that i was , and that i was n't making fun of him because of his terrible movies and music , as not doing so allowed the interpretation that i was , or his fragrant misogyny and sexual assaults , because in not doing so i was allowing the interpretation that that was what i was saying . 
  i 'm not responsible for how you choose to interpret what i say . 
  i clarified my statement multiple times , i 'm not holding anyone 's hand after that , the rest people will have to work out on their own . 
  i have to respectfully disagree . 
  i said from the start that everyone i know thinks he 's a joke , and that he is commonly made fun of in the world of mma . 
  i then clarified , numerous times to multiple people , that i was not referring to his aikido , as i did n't even know that was the sport he practiced , but was in fact referring to him as a person and a sports personality . 
  it was a bunch of other people who started bringing up aikido , and i informed all of them that i was in no way referring to his aikido , and that i was n't talking about that at all . 
  again , i 'm making no claims regarding his abilities at aikido , and i never did . 
  i 'm sure he 's incredibly good , otherwise he would n't have been as successful as he has been in the sport . 
  i 'm talking about him as a man , and as a tv personality . 
  from what i 'm told , though , it is also considered quite disgraceful in martial arts to be found to have been lying about your credentials and activities in martial arts . . that 's why everyone in mma always makes fun of him , anyway . 
  that , and the fact that his ego is the size of a blimp , and he 's a lot of talk but always full of excuses when asked to show . 
  the video is of an mma fighter ( a two-time ufc heavyweight champion and three-time king of pancrase world champion who ended his career on a 22-fight unbeaten streak , of which he won 21 and tied 1 ) , discussing some of steven seagal 's claims about the things he says he has done in martial arts that are demonstrably lies . 
  they 're talking about an interview seagal gave and making fun of his ego , and talking about how seagal at best exaggerated and at worst straight up lied about his associations with anderson silva , lyoto machida , and daniel cormier ( silva and cormier openly mock seagal 's claims of being their `` sensei '' , etc. 
  ) , and about how seagal 's claims that he could take on any mma fighter is bullshit . 
  in mma , a world seagal occasionally tries to inject himself into by trying his best to join the entourage of various ufc fighters , seagal is widely seen as a joke . 
  he keeps offering to train the champions , and they keep `` respectfully '' turning him down ( like the hilarious jon jones saga , where seagal claimed he was a friend of jon 's and taught him all sorts of things , only for it to be revealed by jon that none of that happened , and that he turned down seagal 's request to come and give him advice and training ) , and even those who did train with him laugh about it when reporters ask what the training was like , and say his claims about the things he is responsible for are laughable . 
  the guy keeps running his mouth about how amazing he is , but every time he 's asked to actually show it , he backs out . 
  as rutten once put it : `` i do n't care what you claim , i do n't believe what you or anyone else says you can do , i do n't care what belt you have , or who you trained with , * i need to see it * . 
  not in a dojo , not in training , not in a martial arts demonstration , in a ring with a trained killer , like we do it . 
  if you can do it there , then i 'll believe you can fight like you claim you can fight . '', 
  tl ; dr : on the whole , meaning no disrespect to aikido fans who like him as an aikido guy , [ the man is a clown ] ( https://theflyingguillotine.wordpress.com/2011/08/17/the-ridiculousness-of-steven-seagal-part-1/ ) . 
   yet you mentioned aikido 6 times in this comment this is precisely what i 'm saying .
