  it 's not throaty btw ... if you do it right , 
  oh , it 's usually solved by the trade unions blockading ( or at least try to ) employers who do not agree to collective bargains . 
  works fairly well , but eu has been trying to stop this as they see it as a hindrance to free movement . 
  ( or something like that ), 
  at least swedes got to eat local produce . 
  is it italians moving across the border that makes the nice region stand out ? 
  it is ? 
  give us an example . 
  at least they get a decent army for the money . 
  if that 's a waste or not is an other issue . 
  in relation to what the taxpayers get in return i 'd say it 's at least a top candidate . 
  you misunderstand me . 
  i was merely commenting on the fact that it was just a comment from a random diplomat and not something from the highest level . 
  the one offended seems to be you . 
  let 's not get all revved up about a small dogs barking, 
  i could allow 1,8 million euro in the budget for prestige . 
  hell , even 18 if it really was that important to them ... 
  but 180 ... it must be the largest waste of money ever in a democracy . 
  it just needs to stop . 
  tried and failed http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swedish_financial_transaction_tax, 
  oh , shit you people know about that ? 
  please do n't tell anyone :(, 
  in one form or another it 's been one of the most discussed issues for the past 20 years . 
  pfff , you can cover the landmass of netherlands with ordinary wifi router . 
  not very impressive , 
  i always remember it by the old name , czechoslovakia . 
  just as in the name czech is to the left of slovakia , 
  rest in peace in peace ? 
  that 's not a proper amount of cheese . 
  saying you 're canadian is a pro tip, 
  well war is n't logical . 
  and as far as europeans benefiting , i live in the city were saab has their hq , employing something like 5000 people in this region . 
  we are benefiting , 
  we do n't * need * any kind of war equipment of course ... but it 's being developed by all major nations in the world so being without might not be an option . 
  many things wrong with this country ... 
  team 17 was really a big deal back when i was an amiga fanboy . 
  they made quality games for that platform long after most of the bigger studios left . 
  i was so surprised a few days ago when i heard they were still around . 
   the biggest intelligence threat not security, 
  finland needs not worry . 
  sweden will send their sharpest gender advisors to help !, 
   but if this somehow helps not to have murders and rapes and recidivists at large all over slovakia ... 
  i do n't know ... it 's the lesser evil . 
  it does n't . 
  now there will be murderers , rapists , recidivists and police officers that tortures . 
  have spain occupy you and you might just get it . 
  never seen the point of espresso . 
  you drink it in two sips and then you 're like : `` what the hell am i supposed to drink now ? '', 
  you can read about the requirements here : http://www.migrationsverket.se/english/private-individuals/becoming-a-swedish-citizen/citizenship-for-adults.html, 
  i 'd kill for 13 :p . first snow last night ... forecast says -5 ish this weekend :(, 
  first federal law banning child porn in the us was n't passed until 1977 so sweden is hardly unique in this . 
  still in frequent use in sweden despite the widespread non-religiousness . 
  there might be variations but i go with '' \u00c5h herre gud '' which translates to `` oh lord god '' . 
  also , the less cultured plebs say `` oh my god '' because americanisms are still cool in their tiny world . 
   elisa saunalahti your carrier sounds like a nice lady, 
  not really no . 
  used to have bbc world when i had cable and watched occasionally . 
  at least when there was a big international event . 
  i listen to bbc6 a lot though . 
  love their music selection and their hosts . 
  just fold it along the middle and pretend it 's a pita, 
  i feel it 's a shame sweden did n't help out finland during the soviet invasion , but i suppose it would have pitted us against the allies , which in retrospect would have been ... eh . . problematic . 
  i mostly associate that type of small shops with assyrian/syrians here in sweden . 
  also commonly running pizza and kebab shops . 
  sweden , possibly other nordic countries, 
  jimmie \u00c5kesson is not great example . 
  he 's not even the most controversial person in his party . 
  kent ekeroth and bj\u00f6rn s\u00f6der are better candidates . 
  i 'm just teasing . 
  salted cod just sounded a bit plain and like an everyday meal but that 's just my perspective of course . 
  i 'm sure it 's great !, 
  and sadness ? 
  it 's a mix of egg , bread crumbs and mustard . 
  this is from a few years ago , but it 's mostly the same . 
  a few different preparations of pork , a potato dish with pickled sprats ( janssons frestelse ) , an assortment of pickled herring and various other things . 
  we add and subtract some items every year but it 's mostly the same . 
  [ sure do !, 
  ] ( http://play.linkoping.se/linkoping-dar-ideer-blir-verklighet ) when your city builds fighter jets i feel you have a slight edge in the promo department . 
  this one was maybe a bit extreme but the style is indeed very common . 
  we have weird roofs ? 
  could you give an example ? 
  [ kim justice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/elmyrdehory ) - retro gaming documentaries . 
  she 's british so she mainly covers the game systems that was more popular here rather than in the us . 
  [ the great war ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucucyesejhpedf69rrvhrh4a ) - a history show producing a 10 minute retelling of the events unfolding every week exactly a 100 years ago , which would be during the first world war . 
  although the presenter is american ( but living in sweden , i believe ) it 's an european production . 
  [ lindybeige ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/lindybeige ) - a rather entertaining ( in a british way ) fellow , talking about ancient war and fighting and the equipment they used . 
  sometimes talks about his other hobby , lindy-hop , but not too much if dancing is not your cup of tea  i have a few more europeans i watch , mostly brits . 
  hardly any swedes tbh and not many non-brits either . 
  i 've even stopped tipping at restaurants also . 
  after a trip to the us , i realised that it is not a habit that should be encouraged over here . 
  i knew this of course . 
  it 's a touchy subject and sometimes it 's necessary to provide sources for people to se that the counter arguments are not as mythical as `` the capital of rape '' allegations . 
  sorry to bother you . 
  would you mind sourcing these statements ? 
   imperialist swede salty as fl\u00e4sk , 
  stekt fl\u00e4sk  i do n't know about denmark but in sweden the difference is that bacon is smoked and `` stekt fl\u00e4sk '' is not . 
  we could move it to norway !, 
  specifically longyearbyen ... 
  tax added on sold items . 
  i 've been to norway .
