for anyone wondering , the following video ( with subtitles ) explains why the website started gathering signatures to enforce a referendum . 
  i agree that it would be incredibly difficult to implement a system outside of the eu now . 
  but i guess that 's because we 're all blessed with the gift of being incredibly shortsighted . 
  i too , did n't think about or ask for our governments to help/support turkey , lebanon and jordan ( mostly these three ) with their refugee problems a few years ago . 
  but is it too much to ask of an union that is supposed to be a large player on the global stage , to actually be involved in solving a crisis like this from the start ? 
  our politicians have failed in the past . 
  but that does not mean that we should give up on fixing what we 've failed to do before . 
  how to solve it is a different matter . 
  if we had been quick we might have been able to create a safe zone in syria , where we would have been able to build things like schools so the children would be provided some proper education . 
  it might be too late for that now , because military intervention would not be easily accepted by every party . 
  that leaves us the option of doing the same thing in the three countries that are under the most strain ( turkey , jordan , lebanon ) . 
  why would it be impossible for us to build and `` govern '' refugee camps in those countries ? 
  not only would we provide help for those people , we would also show them that we are not the bad guys ( which might happen when we invade ) . 
  i think it is really important to keep these people close to where they came from . 
  the fact that we 're already concerned with the integration of refugees further displays that these people barely have any hope of , but also no reason to go back to syria one day . 
  no matter how bad it may sound in some people 's eyes , i would rather not have these people staying here permanently . 
  from a cultural perspective i do n't see it working , we are too different , especially because a mindset created by a religion is very difficult to change . 
  from an economical perspective i think it would n't be good for every eu country , because there is already quite some unemployment , but also because some countries have no lack of unskilled labor ( eastern europe , for example ) . 
  but even for the future of syria it would not be good if these people never returned home . 
  a person who was an entrepreneur in syria , could end up working in a kebab shop here , that 's a waste of their talent and simply kills any hope of rebuilding syria . 
  economic migrants might be refused , but how will they be deported ? 
  will we forcibly put them on planes ? 
  and to ... where exactly ? 
  i feel like it is harder to `` get rid of '' these economic migrants than it seems . 
  also what if these people choose to become homeless ? 
  what if they sincerely believe european counties will care for them if they sit on the streets and go on hunger strikes ? 
  or if they simply believe dying in germany is better than living in eritrea or wherever they came from ? 
  i do n't know what would happen when the refused people simply clutter up in streets or make camps like the ones in calais . 
  but looking at the current stance against immigrants/refugees breaking laws , i ca n't see us forcibly removing them . 
  but even if there would not be mobs , but there are some who choose to illegally live on the streets of europe , we would have to deal with increased crime rates , i 'm afraid . 
  the majority of these crimes seem to be rape cases , as shown in sweden . 
  that 's something i do fear . 
  lastly , the integration . 
  i think their values are so different from western values that it will always be difficult to integrate them . 
  i do n't know if you have seen that `` islam in germany '' video that 's often being thrown around here , but things displayed in that video very closely resemble my personal experiences . 
  my high school stood on the `` border '' of a `` poor '' neighborhood . 
  there were a lot of immigrants from various muslim countries there . 
  something i noticed was that a lot of adult women did not speak dutch , at all . 
  i do n't know how that is possible , but i 'm going to assume a lot of these are women who come from abroad and marry second/third generation immigrants . 
  but also the percentage of muslims in what would be equivalent to german `` gymnasium '' level education was much , much , lower than in the lower education levels . 
  i do n't know what causes these problems , but these are third generation immigrants we 're speaking of . 
  if we ca n't make basic dutch values like the importance of education to build your own future and the importance of equal rights for women clear to third generation migrant families , what makes you think we can solve them for the incoming refugees that are going to stay here ? 
  edit : i 'm sorry this turned out longer than i intended it to be , i just think it 's an incredibly interesting and complex issue . _ . 
  i would personally keep the people out of europe , until they are verified as real refugees . 
  right now everything , from asylum centers to places where they are being registered , is overflowing . 
  and according to pretty much everyone there are more and more coming . 
  our system is overflowing , even though we 've had years to `` prepare '' ( that war has been going on for a while ) . 
  if we had properly prepared for people coming here by themselves in larger numbers ( still a bad solution ) or properly reacted to people becoming refugee in the first place , this might not have happened . 
  thus i think we can safely say the eu and it 's heads have failed miserably . 
  what i fear will happen ? 
  firstly , i fear that a lot of economic migrants will be accepted . 
  and that the ones that will not be accepted + the ones that realize that more and more economic migrants are being refused , might start causing trouble . 
  i also fear that the large numbers will be difficult to integrate into western society . 
  as i personally believe that not all muslims have been successfully integrated into our dutch society in the past . 
  like i said , i know very little about interpretation of laws , but take a look at this : http://echr-online.info/right-to-property-article-1-of-protocol-1-to-the-echr/introduction/ the introduction states it 's one of the most commonly violated articles . 
  the text of the article itself speaks about violation being possible if in ` public interest and general interest ' . 
  these terms are so vague that everyone will interpret them differently , i suppose . 
  but i reckon some people who stand to lose would consider bringing this to court . 
  to be continued , i guess . 
  is this even legal ? 
  i know very little of law , but people call upon european protection of property law for things as ` little ' as the presumed interest rate used to determine taxes on capital gains . 
  is n't this possibly in conflict with property law as well ? 
  what keeps them from cluttering up in the streets in germany and going on a hunger strike like they do now in some places when they do not get what they want ? 
  you 'll have to do something , right ? 
  you ca n't let them sit on the streets causing chaos , nor can you deport them or you 'll be called a nazi . 
  i feel like these are exactly the issues that the eu should be talking about now . 
  as far as i know there has not been any debate between eu leaders on how to solve the real issues . 
  to me it seems like the real issue is not dividing the current accepted refugees over countries , which is the only thing they seem to be worried about these days !, 
  settling and integrating them is something which people are worried about . 
  i 'd say there was mixed success with this in the netherlands and i read similar things about germany . 
  i feel like we are countries that are doing better than others , so should n't we be improving our system and help other countries to make it easier to integrate their batch ? 
  instead of simply forcing them to take more people , what about offering them solutions for what they 're worried about . 
  it 's also more and more coming , because there 's an incentive now , that people are worried about . 
  it 's like pumping water out of a sinking ship but not fixing the god damn leaks . 
  why is this not being spoken about by eu leaders ? 
  i think that 'd be good for both the problem and the public opinion . 
  clarity is important , and currently there 's none . 
  there are only random leaders shouting in their national newspapers or parliaments . 
  is n't that already the case when they refuse to request asylum in one of the safe countries they pass throughout their journey to germany ? 
  no one in the eu seems to care about it now , what will change when their legal status changes ? 
  since we are not working towards solving the inflow of immigrants from the outside , it will not be easy to tell the ones that have a legal status in eastern europe ( but are in germany ) , and the ones that just entered germany , apart . 
  can they not just `` re-enter '' the queue and overflow it ? 
  i know it wont work , but will they know/care ? 
  i do n't know . 
  i obviously would n't want to trade positions with them , and i would n't know how i 'd behave after what ( some of them ) they have been through , so maybe i am in no place to judge . 
  but when i see is people who claim to be fleeing for their lives . 
  i imagine a terrible situation where they live is constantly on the line because of crazy extremists knocking on their door doing whatever evil deeds these terrorists do . 
  that 's awful , and i 'm glad they managed to escape from that place . 
  but now they are in a safe place . 
  they are getting water , food , etc. 
  in one of the most wealthy and peaceful places in the world . 
  relatively speaking all of europe would be a massive improvement in comparison to their awful situation back in syria . 
  i feel like these people are behaving incredibly ungrateful , they 're rioting , even if it 's just a little riot , in germany , while waiting to be granted residence permits , a house , and so on . 
  but even when they riot and complain about circumstances in eastern europe that 's awful to me . 
  maybe that would give you an idea why these things are `` blown out of proportion '' . 
  it 's stupid to riot and destroy things ( physical or reputation ) in a country you 're expecting to spend the rest of your life . 
  that 's stupid for hooligans , who ruin things for other football fans ( and themselves ) , but even more stupid for refugees who either get to stay here or go back to a place where death is around the corner . 
  outside of the arguments that it is doubtful that all of these are actual refugees and thus may not have any right to be waiting there . 
  and the fact they have crossed several borders illegally and could 've requested asylum in the first country they faced like many others do . . 
  i 'd say these people are guests here , they are in a foreign country to seek help .
