  like the bible belt remains a group segregated from outsiders , the islamic neighbourhoods will also remain a segregated group . 
  of course some people will choose to leave these groups , but that 's tough and most will choose the ` easy ' alternative . 
  but is your historical perspective the right one ? 
  times are changing , there are two drastically different factors that you have to look at : 1 . 
  we 're not just speaking about migration . 
  we 're speaking about migration from countries with very significantly different cultural values than ours . 
  if there is one thing that history has shown us , it is that that large minorities with very significantly different cultural values always become a problem , unless there is a factor which unifies them all , which there is not . 
  we 're also heading towards a time of mechanization . 
  many successful companies are switching towards larger and broader tasks for their employees to make use of our educated population in europe , rather than making small repetitive tasks , which is the only thing mass immigration by uneducated people is good for . 
  germany probably has to economic power to offer these people a living for a while , that 's correct . 
  but is that all they should aim for ? 
  is that all that matters ? 
  does germany have the the tools to influence them culturally ? 
  history has shown us that is something that we have n't been able to do to the first three generations of immigrants from arabic countries ( + turkey ) in any european country . 
  even though they are connected in many ways , borders and refugees are still two separate issues . 
  the only function of borders is not keeping refugees/immigrants out . 
  the article also makes no mention of refugees whatsoever . 
  both your replies seem to be assuming stupidity of everyone else . 
  nobody in the article claims everything will be rosy after closing the borders . 
  but if some of these crazies were caught at a protected border , would n't that be better ? 
  if they decide it 's too dangerous to attempt to enter france , so they take their bombs and bullshit to a different country , would n't that be better for france ? 
  if they could n't freely drive over the border with a car full of weapons , would n't that be better ? 
  so sure , i for one can see why french people ( and people other countries ) want their borders closed . 
  this does n't mean that all future terror attacks would be prevented . 
  but it might make the country slightly safer , harder to smuggle weapons in , larger chance of identifying known extremists , etc. 
  far right parties have been calling to close borders for years too . 
  it 's not a new thing at all . 
  and yes the migrant crisis has been making border issues worse , because large masses entering countries without being registered is dangerous , period . 
  sure , before people could try to sneak over green borders , but the only other option was registering at entry points , now large groups are simply forcing their way into schengen . 
  even a random person could potentially pose a threat with how easy it is to enter schengen these days . 
  not to mention an organization that has gained foothold in syria for quite a while now , despite tons of countries throwing bombs at them . 
  lastly , inside schengen there is n't exactly much security , so once you 're in you can do whatever you like . 
  saying it has nothing to do with borders is a bit extreme . 
  as you could 've read , the attackers have been in other countries prior to the attacks in paris . 
  apparently `` one of them '' even got caught in germany prior to the attack , otherwise he would 've joined them . 
  during the last attack in the train , the attacker also traveled from belgium . 
  border checks might help keeping idiots with weapons out of france , or at least make it harder to transport the weapons between countries . 
  of course it also has to do with society , terrorism , and home-grown movements influenced by actors abroad . 
  but i believe open borders do make it easier for them to commit their acts . 
  and i can fully understand french people not being comfortable with open borders any longer . 
  but why ? 
  i thought extremists always wanted to leave europe instead of entering it for free ? 
  / s people have been in denial for far too long . 
  we at least need far tighter control on this wave of refugees . 
  our politicians literally allow people who want to disappear somewhere in europe to do just that . 
  i do not know a lot of muslims , but i do think i know quite a few . 
  let me start of by saying that the high school i used to attend was on the border of one of the `` poor '' neighborhoods . 
  this means that we had a lot of immigrants on my school . 
  my own neighborhood used to be a `` normal '' neighborhood , with one turkish family living there . 
  their kid played in my football team and was just like anyone else . 
  i often went to play at his house , and one thing i remember is that they often had a lot of guests ( family , i suppose ) . 
  anyway , the women spoke very poor dutch , after simply greeting me they struggled to say more and swapped to turkish to speak to the boy . 
  the father took part in neighborhood activities like playing football , the mother was never seen . 
  i think that 's something quite worrying , but i 'll get back to this bit later . 
  like in germany , education is split up in different levels . 
  higher levels of education went to one location , the other levels went to the other far away from my school . 
  the disparity between amount of muslims living in that neighborhood , as seen by the ones playing football , hanging around , etc. 
  and the amount of muslims studying at the higher level education in their own neighborhood is shocking , they all went to the other school . 
  the lowest level offered at my old school is not even considered very high ( i believe that would be `` realschule '' in german ) . 
  the percentage of the muslims that actually were in my school and studied that level instead of your `` gymnasium '' , in comparison to other immigrant groups ( that were , of course , much smaller so smaller sample size ) was also very surprising to me . 
  this means that they somehow do not manage to reach higher level education , why ? 
  i do not know . 
  but it is one of problems that makes them a problem group . 
  now i used to play a lot of football after school on the little fields in the neighborhood , and we used to play with/against muslims boys a lot . 
  i get along with them fine . 
  i still have some muslim friends . 
  i 'm not saying all muslims are bad people or anything remotely close to that . 
  however , i do think that religious as a whole is a threat to our western open society and values . 
  the problem here is that islam plays a way larger role in the average muslim 's life than christianity does . 
  and some of their thoughts ( or the things their book says ) are just scary . 
  some of their messages on facebook are sickening . 
  usually related to jews , but they also defend things like charlie hebdo . 
  mild example : `` so glad the dirty jews are out of euros '' after israel losses in qualifiers , note , seems like all of them have to use insults when speaking about israel/jews . ) . 
  these thoughts are just not done in europe , in my opinion . 
  i 've had serious conversations about things like this with muslim guys ( also some i met online from places like egypt ) , for example one dutch-arabic guy who had an asian girlfriend at the time . 
  he literally said that they ( his parents , his brothers , him ) would probably not `` accept '' their sister dating a non muslim guy . 
  this just seems unacceptable to me . 
  i do n't know if you 've seen that `` islam in germany '' video . 
  but the same is literally said in there . 
  girls are property of the father first , of the brother second , and they are not allowed to a free choice in this matter . 
  i 'm sure this does n't go for every family , but it 's just not how the dutch society works ( or how i want it to work , at least ) . 
  the freedom ( or lack of ) of women seems to be further proven by their poor language skills , as mentioned above , lack of participation in neighborhood socialization , and the low amount of working female muslims . 
  although this last one seems to be getting a bit better in the current generation . 
  now to get back to your point about cultural differences . 
  i do n't think all cultures are equal , not all cultural things are good . 
  i 'm sure there are flaws in our culture too . 
  for example , i would n't be be a `` blunt in your face '' type of guy if i 'd work/study in china/korea/japan , but there are probably way worse examples according to people judging from the outside . 
  there are laws to prevent bad things . 
  but are there laws to prevent bad thoughts ? 
  how do we stop people from thinking it is right to do bad things if their holy book , written by their god who they fanatically try to please , says it 's the right thing to do ? 
  there have even been surveys showing that many muslims see their religion over national law . 
  there are laws for female circumcision , yet muslims in the uk ( as proven by some post on here a while back ) are somehow managing to get around that , just for religious reasons . 
  similar things can be said about spewing hate against jews , defending isis , hating on gays , saying people should in fact be punished for pictures of mohammed ( charlie hebdo references ) . 
  do we want to accept those things ? 
  there 's a lot of difficulty around freedom of speech now . 
  what do we tolerate and what do we not . 
  fact is , that they 're causing trouble and still have these extremely thoughts after 3-4 generations . 
  so yeah , to what extend is a culture/religion we have to tolerate , and where are they breaking laws ? 
  what about thoughts ? 
  are those punishable too ?
