  they are being treated very well in the process considering the fact that there are thousands of `` guests '' passing by each day . 
  as far as i know they are being given food and water by the government , but not only that , i 've seen videos of people in austria/germany welcoming them like war heroes , cheering and shouting crowds . 
  today a dutch university had people collecting clothes for refugees . 
  there are more and more people signing up to volunteer , in fact , the amount of volunteers for the red cross in the netherlands has doubled today after they announced that they needed more help ( 10.000 signed up , there were 7.000 before according to a video on nu.nl , a dutch news site ) . 
  people even invite refugees to eat at their dinner table . 
  these are a few examples of what is being done for these people by natives with no incentive other than morality . 
  and these guys thank `` us '' by rebelling and rioting . 
  i do n't see how you can sweet talk things like that . 
  this is not the first case , there are several examples to find of these people being very ungrateful for what is being done for them . 
  they seem to have forgotten where they came from during their long journey that they so willingly decided to take . 
  i think that 's very bad and may be judged as such . 
  these people are supposed to be be a part of our society in a few years , as there is no hope of them ever going back . 
  and this is no way i like to see people behave anywhere in the world , but certainly not in my country . 
  also , one bad thing by football hooligans does n't cancel out another bad thing by others . 
  both are bad and should be judged as bad things . 
  i definitely think that the muslims that are already here should make a bigger attempt to integrate . 
  many of them seem to be `` happy '' living in their own neighborhoods and being part of the lower end of society forever . 
  i think if one would look up the % of muslims in total low education and the % of muslims in high education it would show a shocking difference . 
  this needs to be solved and i believe that starts with themselves . 
  there are exceptions and there are obviously muslims university students or muslims claiming good positions in companies . 
  unfortunately most of them seem to be satisfied pulling the racist/intolerant society card after every single thing that happens . 
  i think that means that we should also attempt to be more open towards these people and accept the people that attempt to `` become [ insert eu country here ] '' . 
  we 've had a few cases of families living in our `` white/dutch '' neighborhood and they have all integrated way better than muslims that live in immigrant neighborhoods . 
  for example , they went to non religious primary schools , they play with dutch kids on the street , they stay over for dinner at dutch families , they play for amateur football teams that do not have 11 muslims in the team , and they ended up more successful in school . 
  i do n't think this is a coincidence . 
  welcoming the people that are trying as a part of our life seems to create a much better integration process , but only if they do really try to integrate . 
  the right stance on the immigration crisis itself is unclear to me . 
  i feel like our governments have been sleeping for so long that everything has gotten out of hand . 
  the people are already here , they wont leave and start demanding more things from us . 
  i ca n't see fewer people coming over in the foreseeable future and therefore the only solution seems to be going to war and rebuilding parts of syria , no matter how bad that may sound , it is the only way to stop syrians from coming because the conflicts in their country will not stop for many years to come . 
  another `` solution '' to people running around europe would be only accepting refugees from refugee camps in turkey and syria , the way the uk is planning to take their refugees . 
  i do n't think we should be taking people who are willing to illegally travel around europe and do n't mind risking their families lives in the process . 
  these are not people we want in europe . 
  i feel like there could be a period of more serious unrest . 
  it 's human nature to form groups and i 'm afraid this will cause a them against us situation with on one side muslims ( old and new ) and on the other side native europeans . 
  there will be a rise of nationalism in many countries and a rise of people clinging to their religious group . 
  this might start on small scale , and has already started honestly . 
  there are neo-nazis attacking immigration centers and there are muslims defecting to isis and even terrorist attacks . 
  i think actions always cause a reaction . 
  and although most people try to look at individual cases as individual cases , people ca n't accept things like that forever . 
  for every attempt on muslim immigrants lives , more muslims will draw towards the anti europe/we are not welcome side that feels the need to `` fight '' for their place . 
  on the other hand , for every terrorist attack or even crime committed by muslims more people will draw towards the `` we hate muslims '' and extreme nationalist side . 
  how bad this goes is something nobody can tell . 
  but the frightening thing is that no matter the efforts from national governments , in the end it is up to every individual to take the right stance . 
  the individuals we count on include brain-dead racists , and brain-washed religious islamists , which makes me feel like things could go wrong quickly . 
  let 's hope things will be solved before things go wrong . 
  edit : removed random dot . 
  do you really think it will just stop ? 
  there are way more people living in poverty than there are trying to get into europe now . 
  for every success story , more people will try to come over . 
  this will not stop until people can not freely enter and roam around europe anymore , and they get properly processed so we only take people who are in actual danger . 
  obviously , that 's why i said using the `` intolerable conditions '' as an argument is bullshit . 
  like i said , if the migrants cared about the conditions , they would ask asylum somewhere in europe . 
  these guys sitting in calais are the most obvious example of economic migrants . 
  they should be used as an example to show that we do not accept economic migrants . 
  they should be mass deported without even having their application checked , because they clearly they do n't care about their safety or the conditions they live in . 
  i really do n't get it either . 
  gb was the only european country with a praiseworthy look on this crisis . 
  obviously they have the advantage of being on an island and thus being harder to reach , but taking people directly from refugee camps is the only sensible thing to do . 
  saying every person who lives in `` self made intolerable conditions '' deserves refuge in gb is insane . 
   the court heard that the young men all faced `` intolerable '' conditions in the camp and were desperate to be reunited with their siblings in britain . 
  this is absolutely crazy . 
  these people voluntarily created this camp with `` intolerable conditions '' , they choose to sit there , and now they 're being giving what they want . 
  if they cared about the conditions so much , they 'd fucking ask asylum in france . 
  how can you say religious schools are not a problem ? 
  you claim you want to limit the freedom of parents to choose a school for their children . 
  very well , that would be one way of fighting segregation in schools if it would count for everybody . 
  but then you suggest that religious people should get the privilege of sending their children to a religious school ? 
  a school that non religious people can de facto not attend . 
  those two thoughts contradict each other directly . 
  religion is the main method of creating a segregated society . 
  the `` they do n't believe in our god , they 're not one of us ! '', 
  is very strong within religious societies . 
  not very surprisingly , the group of immigrants that is segregating itself in the netherlands is following a religion that has values that are fundamentally different from western values and has a very strong `` us against them mentality '' . 
  integration/assimilation requires two groups to make an effort . 
  i agree with that . 
  but i 'm not sure what you 're suggesting here by linking these articles . 
  should we limit the freedom parents have to select a school for their children ? 
  and to what extend ? 
  in the article it even states that there are islamic schools . 
  if there is one people that is so eager to segregate themselves that they have to create separate schools for their children , then i believe you can not blame `` the dutch people '' for their segregation . 
  of course there are examples of good people , i have no doubt of that . 
  i too , have moroccan/turkish friends/acquaintances , and some of them are trying hard to `` be '' dutch first , muslim/moroccan/turk second . 
  yet i think this is exactly the sad part . 
  we have to point out the good examples because there are so few of them . 
  overall i think the net benefit of the immigration of turkish and moroccan groups is not positive , many problems in terms of social cohesion , few benefits in terms of highly skilled workers ( which is what we need ) . 
   part of the problems you explain can be ascribed to the fact that they 're still the poorest of our social groups this is true and that 's exactly one of the major problems . 
  there was a report on `` nu.nl '' a while ago ( posted on here or / r/thenetherlands too , i believe ) that claimed that asylum seekers will become the new lowest social/economical group in the netherlands . 
  firstly we do n't need low skilled workers in the netherlands . 
  we 're heading towards a time of mechanization and broader job definitions , not small easy tasks that you need a large low skilled group of workers for . 
  not only that , you just stated the problems arise from them being poor social groups , great !, 
  we 're importing a new poor social group , a group that created problems in the past and on top of that , this time will not even be able to find a job !, 
  i see why there is reason to be optimistic now . 
  we are currently dealing with third and fourth generation turks and moroccans . 
  they 're still performing worse at school . 
  their neighborhoods/mosques/segregated lifestyles are still a breeding ground for terrorists . 
  they still harass jews , they are still overrepresented in small theft and they are underrepresented in mixed marriages . 
  there are still many serious issues with these groups in the netherlands , what makes you so positive ? 
  we ca n't force our thoughts , culture or ideas onto people . 
  these people choose to live segregated from the dutch lifestyle and there 's nothing we can legally do about it .
