and i 'm sure kosovo means justice and rule of law !, 
  tell me , is the second really a translation of the first ? 
  * wow , if that 's how it 's said in greek , greeks must not quickly find things a small deal . 
  yeah that is impressive . 
  has something similar ever happened to the bundeskanzler , though ? 
  because that 's the actually powerful political leader in germany , i believe . 
  even the un ? 
  even though their whole purpose is to mediate in international conflicts ? 
  funny , because it seems to me in flanders dutch people are always called ` hollanders ' , even if they are n't . 
   [ ... ] where a previous generation can force their children 's generation [ ... ] how about the whole way a country is set up ? 
  the welfare state , the pensioning system , etc. 
  those were all agreed upon by previous generations and i 'm forced into this arrangement . 
  it 's basically how running a country works . 
  could you tell us what else you like ? 
  because generally in the netherlands american or british music is popular . 
  ah i did n't read any below 0 . 
  why ? 
  the article presents valid problems the states are struggling with . 
  i expect kristina and karolina are legal though , because the reason given is that the iceland alphabet has no c. well , use a k then . 
  i see it 's not just france with superiority issues . 
  exactly for that reason haha . 
  to differentiate the two :p, 
  apparently we 're all fun hating racist intellectuals ? 
  it is only with hindsight that we can now say the colonial lands turned out to be sources of instability and weakness . 
  i am pretty sure european contemporaries actually saw them as sources of strength . 
  they were to necessary for rebuilding the countries and for regaining prestige . 
  this explains the french tenacity in algiers and vietnam . 
  and again , these struggles for independence only really erupted in the sixties and seventies . 
  so it was not at all clear in 1945 britain 's and france 's time was over . 
  it was only after losing their colonial empires and failing in the suez crisis in 1973 that that was completely clear to them . 
  in the suez crisis the two countries plus israel tried to counter egypt 's nationalisation of the canal with an invasion . 
  american and soviet opposition forced them to retreat and abandon their ambitions , i believe . 
  and while you 're right that their safety was definitely on their mind , your original point was that their main reason for founding the un was to counter their declining influence . 
  this was not clear in the forties and most definitely not in the twenties , when britain was still the pre-eminant world power and france was everything but irrelevant either . 
  but yeah , our conversation is devolving into a discussion where we both just state our interpretation . 
  i think we need someone with more specialist knowledge to really clear this up : b, 
  i do n't believe this is correct , because both their colonial empires only fell decades later in the sixties and the seventies . 
  besides , the formula of an overarching international organisation predates their decline in international importance : after world war i they founded the league of nations . 
  that one failed however because , among other reasons , germany was refused membership , america declined to join and it was powerless . 
  no , i think you overemphasize their declining influence and that more weight should be given to an effort to prevent more wars first like world war i and later also ii . 
  what do you see ? 
  the video is so low quality i ca n't recognise what you describe . 
  i only see human-ish figures walking to a fence with police . 
  ca n't make out if they 're male / female / young / old . 
  then when they arrive at the fence the video gets completely garbled so i ca n't see what they do or what happens . 
  aside from the pilsners rebbrown mentioned ( which really are n't worse than stella and jupiler ) , there are also the two abbey beers the article mentioned , la trappe and zundert . 
  especially zundert is nice , in my opinion . 
  then there are the seasonal beers many brands release . 
  i think the netherlands is one of the actual underrated beer countries on that list , in contrast to the uk for example . 
  please share if you find it !, 
  maybe they can send it to [ bulgaria ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3efbda/bicycle_lanes_in_bulgaria/ ) , i understand they need some upgrading : b, 
  well ukraine is at war right now , with heavy involvement of russia . 
  the nineties saw war in the balkan . 
  most of eastern europe was dominated by the su for forty years and did see military action ( budapest 56 , prague 68 ) . 
  then there was cyprus in 1974 . 
  furthermore , the european countries in the caucasus do n't seem as peaceful and without tension as eu states . 
  lastly , all those things you mentioned do n't seem to prevent the us routinely going to war , the uk going along with them . 
  so military action between european states is definitely not unthinkable , and that the experiences of world wars 1 and 2 will prevent a 3rd is in my opinion flat out wrong . 
  the very existence of world war 2 after people thought the same after the first shows that . 
  more needs to be done to guarantee peace and when i look at the peace we have lived in the past 60 years , i think the eu contributes in a big way . 
  ignoring that contribution is ignoring the past . 
  i do think you are right however that the eu needs to offer more , which it does . 
  it has given europeans prosperity , international influence , for ex-dictatorships a guarantor of democracy and rule of law , even concrete benefits like easy international travel ( for both business and pleasure ) , and so on . 
   it 's the fact we had two world wars on our doorstep and there 's no will for a third this is what they thought after the first world war too , and yet the second happened . 
  what really made europe peaceful was breaking the cycle of violence . 
  this was done by integrating germany in the west through international institutions like nato and the early incarnations of the eu . 
  extending that treatment to the rest of europe has resulted in there now only being serious european friction with russia . 
  thanks for the proper explanation !, 
   you might as well call any rice dish paella but the reality is that it 's a traditional recipe with certain fixed ingredients and methods ah , that 's reasonable . 
  still seems a bit a harsh to me call something that looks delicious ' a crime against humanity ' and then post a worse picture :p, 
  ironic that you say that , the first one looks better haha . 
  what makes the first one a crime against humanity and yours better ? 
  maybe keep their regional names ? 
  brussels and liegian waffles . 
  sounds better in dutch , though ... 
  propaganda does n't necessarily mean lies . 
  a department that can eloquently and clearly explain the eu 's activities to the public - from a non-national point of view - could really help it improve it 's image . 
  like the eu website that debunks all the lies in uk tabloids , but visible and effective . 
  ahh yes i do recognize that in an academic setting they emphasize unambiguous and short sentences . 
  i too sometimes have felt restricted because of this . 
  yeah i 've noticed similar expressions too !, 
  makes me wonder if they are translations of each other or otherwise related . 
  i have that experience of feeling limited when conversing with someone that learnt the language later in life too . 
  it 's indeed quite boring . 
  i do n't really think it 's a specific dutch style though . 
  i think it 's a consequence of having to accommodate the lowest common denominator ; that is , the english abilities of the least capable person . 
  there is probably always 1 person that does n't get idiom or colourful language . 
  that does n't take away how we feel limited though . 
  i 've often felt the same way when i spoke to l2 dutch speakers and use expressions or slang . 
  really breaks up the flow of a conversation or the smooth impression i wanted to make . 
  ha , says the german, 
  even though i do n't share your interpretations , thanks for taking the time to answer . 
  you 're right that you ca n't be called uninformed . 
  what about how it works do you find objectionable ? 
  i think in the netherlands hollands only exist when referring to speech that is actually from the holland provinces . 
  in my experience when people talk about north dutch they say nederlands . 
  only in belgium i started hearing north dutch referred to as hollands  you 're right though that officially an is used now instead of abn to refer to our shared standard language . 
  many people still like to use abn , however , as gfourtwolon shows -_- . 
  as i understand , because it 's also only counting russia 's army bases abroad . 
  russia 's bases within its borders are n't shown either,
