deranged alcoholic , so was churchill . 
  countries joining the eu never paid a share for the existing assets of the eu when joining , so why would they get any when they leave ? 
  i have read about this condition , common symptoms include , waking up in the middle of the night bollock naked standing in the kitchen and finding a pot of tikka massalla on the go , and freshly made poppadoms on the table . 
  i was replying to a question . 
  i think nationalist parties would be happy with that , expect a border poll to have the numbers required the following day , you could be in a united ireland within a year or two of it . 
  i was n't , i was simply replying to a question , and done so in the most simple matter that he would understand , dundalk and cavan are also not part but i did not mention that . 
  read back more than one comment when it is in reply to another . 
  donegal is not part of ni . 
  he is from unionist from northern ireland , he prefers to be a subject of her majesty german liz than a citizen of a country . 
  my mistake , you are right , is starts with w but was not going looking it up . 
  scotland will have a market of 500 million to trade with , and have all that might behind them in trade negotiations . 
  an independent scotland would get a take it or leave it trade deal from the uk . 
  just as the uk will now be getting from india , china , eu , usa , etc. 
  you will find that out when you try to get a free trade agreement and it rejected by one country no matter how small , just as canada did when a dutch region rejected there free trade deal , changes had to be made , 
  that is paranoia , edit your channel lists on your tv to put them in order . 
  the line of succession after connery abdicated will be decided by popular vote , followed by a caber tossing competion between the final two candidates who obtained the highest vote count . 
  upon connery 's abdication we expect ; billy connolly to defeat rod steward to ascent to the throne and be crowned supreme clan chieftain of the nation of scotland . 
  upon connelly 's abdication we expect ; frankie boyle to defeat ewan mcgregor , the ascends to the throne to become supreme clan chieftain of the nation of scotland . 
  andy murray was delisted as a candidate , this was due to an unfortunate clerical error and confusion at the time of the vote he was winning grand slams , and due to bbc reporting agnes down the election office thought he was british not scottish . 
  thats easy , here is the reason . 
  the eu is more democratic that the uk . 
  the eu will not ride roughshod over the scottish people the way the english dominated westminster parliament did with brexit . 
  when it come 's to voting the eu is a community of equals , the trade deal the uk gets will have to be approved by every single member state or it is back to the drawing board . 
  the uk is not a community of equals . 
  the equivalent in the uk would have required each of the 4 home nations , england , northern ireland , scotland and wales to approve brexit it for it to happen . 
  scotland asked for such a mechanism , but it was rejected by the english dominated westminster parliament . 
  it put scotland in a far stronger negotiating position due to the weight of the eu in negotiations with england . 
  if they went fully independent they would be the weaker party in negotiations . 
  please please go to scotland and start spouting this nonsense , go to every door in the country , you would make it a landslide in favor of independence . 
  oil prices were not factored into the white paper issued by the snp for the last referendum . 
  they were prudent and treated it like a bonus . 
  sean connery takes over as monarch of scotland and all former uk dominions . 
  all the commonwealth country 's join the scottish commonwealth of nations with sean connery as it 's head . 
  liz would be head of the english and welsh commonpoor of a nation and a principality . 
  it makes sense to do so , it would be the same as what ireland has done . 
  ireland is a member of the nordic battle group in europe , and also contributes and is very active within un peacekeeping forces . 
  i could see scotland doing the same , and getting rid of trident and faslane would be a major economic advantage to scotland not just in the money saved . 
  scotland has a large sea area to its west believed to be mineral and oil rich , areas of that can not presently be develop due to restrictions placed on it by the uk because of faslane etc. 
  as an irishman what he is saying is correct , scotland have a blueprint to follow for independence , the irish blueprint , they can do what worked well and disregard what did not . 
  when a country chooses to peg to another currency , a massive factor is that the chosen currency is stable . 
  given the massive upheaval and changes with brexit that is far from guaranteed for the pound , some might say unlikely . 
  if scotland chooses to peg to a stable pound , in doing so it should have minimum effect on the scottish economy , economic and monetary policy by the uk government and bank of england has largely disregarded all other regions of the uk up to now in favor of london and the south east of england . 
  scotland 's choice to peg to the pound would be based on the pound remaining a reliable and stable currency that does not fluctuate to much , if after brexit the pound is not a reliable and a stable currency and instead is widely fluctuating it shows the uk is in big trouble , if scotland was part of the uk at the time it would be bad news for them anyway . 
  if that happens an independent scotland may find it economically advantageous to peg to the euro , and aim to join it down the line . 
  scotland has options , more than the uk as a whole has right now . 
  unless you think the scandinavians are planning on reviving there vikings days , scotland like ireland will have one country to worry about military , and that is the uk . 
  scotland like ireland will cut there cloth appropriately , and i imagine as they are a country with a strong social conscience they will be a welcome addition to international peace keeping forces . 
  in doing so it will also be massive saving to the scottish taxpayers which can be spend of public services and infrastructure . 
  no more scottish people being killed in wars of conquest or wars started based on lies . 
  that is exactly what we hear from russians , when one of there politician or journalists come out with something outrageously stupid and offensive to others , they say the person is fringe , crazy , no one takes them seriously etc. 
  the times may be a private company but it owner is closely tied to your ruling party and major politicians , to say its owner is not a political player is naive or disingenuous , the man has been in downing street more often than most mp 's . 
  the media are no longer giving fair coverage to all parties and are in fact demonizing opposition politicians on a daily basis to destroy other parties credibility , just like in russia . 
  fringe and offensive views have become more common in both the uk and russia and are been given more mainstream platforms to spread these messages . 
  both countries are happy to vilifying and demonize others through the media and there political class , these are based on blatant lies or distorted half truths to the population , at the same time being apologist for the crimes of there own nation from the past and making out they were good things , and native of those countries were happy to be subjugated . 
  a lot of similarities are developing between both countries in that regard , i have been hearing the same excuses from russian and uk citizens on reddit lately and it is becoming more common . 
  if she is all those things why are they giving her a platform to spout her nonsance , the british are starting to sound an awful lot like russian in a lot of things they are coming out with lately . 
  no , rumor has it the dup has there elected officials sign a stack of blank poc and then the party use them as they wish . 
  it is not really relevant to the post you were replying to , as this was done before any of the brexit campaign or fallout after the result , which the original poster cited as the reason . 
  `` the brexit campaign and the trump election have undoubtedly increased racism in both countries '' . 
  do you have an alternative or up to date source to back up your point , otherwise i fail to see why you are dispute it . 
  your source article from 2013 , any up to date sources ? 
  china is moving in the right direction with climate change , renewable energy etc , the usa is moving into a fantasy bubble . 
  i prefer those that live in reality . 
  they all add up . 
  europe , no certain individual states yes , take for example my country , the republic of ireland , we are not a member of nato , it is a choice of our population , we are a member of the eu , none of our politician in power called trump hitler . 
  love from the netherlands . 
  yes it is in everyone 's best interest , but that is not going to happen if the brexiteer 's remain in lala land with fantasy expectations about the deal they will receive . 
  seek is the key word . 
  that does not mean it an happen . 
  they will just try . 
  given the amount of disinformation that has come from may and tory brexiteer 's since the referendum , i would not place much faith in there word and truthfully all real evidence points to the contrary . 
  one former irish taoiseach think a hard border will return and more likely and a lot of prominent irish and european politician agree and think it is inevitable given the evidence , as does the irish ambassador to the uk . 
  http://www.irishexaminer.com/ireland/hard-brexit-will-isolate-nationalists-warns-john-bruton-438108.html https://www.rte.ie/news/politics/2017/0205/850268-brexit-border/ http://indianexpress.com/article/world/hard-irish-border-likely-in-hard-brexit-eus-hogan-says-report-4466360/ http://www.hnvnews.co.uk/newsdetail/112742/ireland-hard-border-with-uk-may-be-inevitable-after-brexit-irish-diplomat-haberi, 
  and what facts are you basing this on , as all the evidence to date points to the opposite . 
  and that is the difference between the eu and usa , we prefer to make decisions based on science , facts and the common good , rather than relying on god . 
  there is no present day kingdom of ulster , the term has no legal standing , northern ireland is the constituent entity within the united kingdom , not ulster . 
  this only kingdom of ulster is the ancient one , it existed since antiquity for over 1000 years and was dissolved in 1201 , 800 years ago . 
  would you like to guess what language they spoke ? 
  i will give you a hint it was not english . 
  you really dont have a clue about anything on the island of ireland do you ? 
  firstly ulster comprises 9 counties , the majority of the people from within ulster are culturally and racially the same as other irishmen and celebrate it . 
  you realise irish has been spoken in ulster for centuries longer than english , it is one of the oldest spoken and written languages in europe . 
  most of the place names of townlands , towns and cities derive from irish . 
  that 's called a shandy, 
  along with every member of british intelligence . 
  get 6 or more english guys together abroad and they become insufferable arseholes , on there own or with one or two others they behave themselves . 
  scotland political ethos is more in line with that of europe , the population are very pro european , and have very strong cultural and historical links with ireland . 
  they are being dragged out of the eu against there will . 
  the scottish people deserve to decide what is best for scotland . 
  we are not american republicans , we do n't get pleasure from other peoples misery . 
  you actually do have a choice and a good one . 
  this henry ? 
  i approve . 
  go look in r/northern ireland for a while a read a few treads on it . 
  the fact that some unionists are now considering it is shocking . 
  that 22 % will rise quickly after a border is imposed again , the northern ireland economy is decimated by brexit , the tories trample all over the good friday agreement , the nhs is gutted , and the block grant reduced . 
  brexit has alienated everyone with an irish identity and those who came from other countries . 
  good idea , mexicans are a great bunch of lads . 
  yeah the uk is nothing like the eu , the eu is a lot more democratic , as i said the irony , the things the english were complaining were anti democratic about with the eu they are actually doing to the other three states of the uk . 
  brexit and a deal which totally ignored the interests and shaft the other three constituents states of the uk will do that .
