  when some unionists , yes unionists in northern ireland are finally seeing the republic as a lot better option already , you know you screwed up . 
  exploiting london haha , are you complaining when someone starts winning a few hands in a game you invented . 
  brexit has cost the irish agri sector about 600 million last year due to the decree in sterling , even with that amount to irish agri sector groth was about 4 % , we have a big market to trade with and can steal a few agri sector areas from the uk when tariffs are imposed . 
  we will be ok , may take 3 year to replace the uk market . 
  our agri sector is world class and renowned for quality , ireland is not food dependent , something the uk is , you cant eat , brexit jingoism . 
  enjoy eating that chlorinated chicken and hormone treated beef from the usa , fake rice and poisoned baby milk from china , you will be going by the food standards they impose on your after they give you a take it or leave it trade deal . 
  we know we will suffer a little , but it is nothing compared to what we have suffered by you in the past . 
  we are free to make our own decision and in partnership within a community of equals , and are a hell of a lot better of for it than we ever would have been if we had stayed in the uk , that is something more people from scotland have been waking up to the last few years . 
  it was made very clear , you told them you did not ask them . 
  each state of the uk has particularly different issues to deal with and will be effected differently by brexit . 
  a fair way would have been to have each constituent state of the uk having to approve it . 
  turns out the eu is a lot more democratic than the uk is , the irony . 
  the campaign has not started yet , what level was the support at when they started the last one ? 
  they are right to get there ducks in a row first this time i suggest you watch this if you doubt it . 
  i can hazard a guess why they dont do it now , this time they want to exhaust all avenues before calling a referendum to avoid what happen in the last few day of the previous scottish referendum , remember all prominent pro union uk politicians and the press shouting from the rooftop that if it was rejected that devo max would be granted . 
  after the vote no word about it again . 
  they have learned from the previous mistake of trusting the uk government to be honest and fair . 
  this time they will leave no wiggle room for lies and half truths by the uk government . 
  the deal when reached by the uk with the eu will have to be approved by each member state , that is from germany with over 80 million to malta with around 400k . 
  incidentally the bottom 5 eu countries who each can reject the deal have a combined population of around the same as scotland . 
  the uk government ignores the majority wishes of 2 of 4 regions , about 8 million people and they will be the places worst effected by brexit , you are holding them to ransom against there will . 
  fixed that for you . 
  london is the heart of the uk , its historical industry has been the raping of the world for many hundred of years . 
  the money is centralised in london , but the raping and pillaging it depends on has always been elsewhere . 
  except why did all the leading politicans go to scotland when they thought they were going to lose the referendum , why was one of the `` better together '' leading campaign point is that , leaving the uk would leave scotland outside the eu , why did the leading uk politician practically guarantee that `` devo max '' would be given to scotland when it looked like they would leave , a promises since reneged upon . 
  they definitely did care and were desperate to keep scotland in the union . 
  scotland deserves a second referendum , and once they get it they will leave . 
  an irish americans identity has not changed , it is based on heritage and they are open about it , you are not . 
  no i am not . 
  if your identity changes own it , do n't hide behind your previous identity , to express the views of those within the community you now identify with , that is being deceitful . 
  if you are so spineless to hide behind the identity of others to make your point in the first place , it show you can not be taken seriously . 
  you can live somewhere else but it is not your country . 
  when i lived in the uk it was not my country , ireland was and always will be . 
  11 , that 's pathetic , not even one from every member state , which should be the minimum , a national from each member state is best to do that as they can use historical and national references and are best to frame the argument in the correct way viewing things through the prism of history that is unique to each member when required . 
  then why did they wait until north korea territory was being invaded before sending in there own troop , why not when the tide was turning . 
  north korea asked russian permission to invade not china , it was russian pilots who gave air support . 
  they were told to squint there eyes and walk hunched over to look more korean . 
  it is even in the russian archives , the north korea ask permission to invade and asked for support from russia . 
  the north do n't like that as it goes against there narrative that the south started the war . 
  kim il sung , was a russian puppet not a chinese one , he spend ww2 in russia , russia put him in power , his son kim jong il , was even born in russia . 
  as i have said china did not enter the war until north korean territory was invaded , they did not want a usa puppet state bordering them . 
  i do understand , china only supported them to the extend of stopping the north korean state failing , otherwise they would have been in the war from the start , not when the un crossed the border into north korea and then see that the un objective was to remove the state of north korea . 
  wrong analogy , you brother try to take over your house , he has his mates come around and kick you out , and they they all try to take over your house . 
  this is when china came in to stop . 
  you are assuming china and north korea had the same objective , that is being naive , if they did china would have been in from the start . 
  so north korea lost , that is not china , you said china lost . 
  china objective was to maintain a buffer state , between themselves and south korea which was an american puppet state at the time , they were successful in that objective . 
  and i ask again , if china lost why does north korea still exist ? 
  for the same reason the un tried to push into nk , to win you need to defeat your enemy otherwise they keep shooting back . 
  neither side won , neither side lost . 
  you said they lost , if they did why does north korea still exist ? 
  it makes sense for them to do . 
  a lot of people in the uk are living in a bubble if they think the old empire strategy is going to work , most countries have bad experience from it , and wont be doing any favors , they will do what is the best interests of it citizens . 
  wrong . 
  china did not enter the war to conquer sk , nk asked russia 's permission to do that , china was actually against it . 
  china entered the war to stop nk falling and being taken over by sk , they did not want a usa puppet state directly on its border . 
  china entered when nk troops were pushed back over the yalu river into nk territory . 
  do they lose ? , you said they always lose . 
  korean wars says no . 
  given that british wages will drop with brexit and those of eastern block eu states have be rising year on year since they entered . 
  i think british market is shrinking anyway with no growth potential , while those of eastern eu state are rising to expand there market . 
  i think the question you need to ask is given a choice would you prefer to trade in an expanding market or a contracting one . 
  she is a tory prime minister of course she is right wing , also desperate for trade deals , so will assume the position for donald , the uk is in big trouble , they got the result they really did not want with brexit . 
  scotland will be leaving them soon , better move a few million over the the other side . 
  yes but , truthful the way us politics are going it is going to happen anyway . 
  europe can not take the risk of the usa electing a madman every 4 years and that is a possibility the way republican supporters think in the usa . 
  a least one of those three pisses of the population of every country in europe already , that 's not even mentioning erdogan . 
  they may not like what they get when they united europe like it has never been before , and the uk can wave bye bye to scotland . 
  a pivot east and getting china as a strategic partner against russia and usa would be a good idea . 
  without the uk the major historical baggage china may previously have had with the eu is gone . 
  same in ireland, 
  i think europe will become more unified against a hostile trump/may/putin . 
  when you are a food dependent nation like the uk , you actually do . 
  one of the reasons the uk left was that the eu was not run this way , the uk could not bully to get its own way . 
  it is not the run the same as the uk , where england decides everything with little or no say for northern ireland , wales and scotland and practically no consideration on how it effects or consequences for them . 
  let me put it this way if the uk was run like the eu all 4 parts of the uk would have had to vote in favor of brexit for it to happen . 
  the uk deal will have to be approved by all eu states , including those from the east who have little or no trade with the uk or in which the trade already benefits the uk disproportionately . 
  those eastern states who the uk 's population have just said your people are not welcome here anymore . 
  why would they do you any favors . 
  good luck with that . 
  brexit has guaranteed that the uk will be worse of from its future dealing with the eu , you had a privileged position before , it is gone . 
  ruling out being part of the free market has guaranteed that the uk 's position will be even worse . 
  how much worse depends on how generous the eu is feeling . 
  the to little to late if you mention , is not required if the multiples of food are not being exported in the first place under , british laize fair policy . 
  no thanks . 
  i am referring to the irish famine , 1 million dead of starvation , 1 million having to emigrate . 
  while the island of ireland was still producing enough food to feed its population multiple times . 
  those multiples were being exported to great britain . 
  it seems you are advocating a laissez faire economic policy in regards to food importation to the uk , do you know what happened the last time the uk tried that ? 
  norway and switzerland both have access to the single market and respect the 4 pillar of the eu , which included freedom of movement , they get the perks of single market access . 
  teresa may said the uk is leaving the single market . 
  but think 's she can negotiate a deal that includes all the perks of single market access without freedom of movement . 
  this is where some people in the uk need to take out fr douglas maguires dreams/reality chart . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ne482i56gqg this has been played out with switzerland before , when they attempted to places restrictions on freedom of movement . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/sep/22/switzerland-votes-for-compromise-to-preserve-relations-with-eu a fair deal puts the uk in a far worse position than it already is , that is reality . 
  the thing about being inside the eu is it give certain advantages you can not obtain when outside , for some strange reason the uk thinks they can keep them . 
  so when reality finally dawns they wont like it . 
  we are hoping that dawns before you come to the table , if that happens the uk expectations of a good deal will change dramatically . 
  then everyone gets a good deal . 
  a good deal for the uk is one where the politicians can say in private , `` we f ## eked thing 's up bad , but the damage could have been a hell of a lot worse , thank god these people are reasonable '' .
