the closest thing to a rival would be france . 
  ever since ludwig xiv , we 've been quarreling over a bunch of stuff , like religion and of course , alsace-lorraine . 
  i do n't mind french people nowadays , the ones in northern france are pretty cool even . 
  is n't sweden far more left-leaning than denmark ? 
  also i thought your rednecks were on jutland . 
  i was at the one in munich for my visa when i was about to head to the us for student exchange . 
  they were very friendly but everything took forever . 
  they 're not as big a deal as in the us . 
  i hate to sound like the snooty european , but our prisons are more geared towards the rehabilitation aspect of things, 
  damn , what 's with the salt ? 
  where did i say i 'm better than rednecks ? 
  i literally said i was from redneck central . 
  you need to work on your extrapolating , m ` gentlesir . 
  saul goodman . 
  he was just a clown in breaking bad , but better call saul really fleshed out his character . 
  as for german characters , i 'd have to go with that one * komissar * from the dortmund tatort , name 's faber . 
  yeah , but that does n't mean the klan ca n't consist of scotch-irish protestant folks . 
  scotch-irish is not necessarily catholic . 
  ever heard of northern ireland ? 
  is n't the midwest mostly german though ? 
  also , scotch-irish folks made up the klan . 
  so it ai n't all peaches and cream , the bad stuff was heavily influenced by them as well . 
  not saying german-americans were without fault, 
  i know this is old , but if you really do n't want to renounce the citizenship and it 's so precious to you , why do n't you move back to britain ? 
  not trying to be abrasive . 
  the new deal type thing would 've never worked without the insane amount of military spending . 
  he had planned for all-out war from the get-go . 
  i do n't think the us are fighting wars overseas out of a sense of superiority , like spreading democracy or `` freedom '' because it 's the `` right '' model of government . 
  they have always acted out of another interest * cough * oil * cough * * cough * an intricate diplomatic network in the middle east that some leaders were disturbing so they got themselves freedom 'd * cough * even then , for nationalism to be toxic you need two elements . 
  first , i need to love my country , and second i need to love it to the point where i think others are inferior . 
  just plain civic nationalism , as it originated in france following the french revolution , is not sufficient or , better worded , not necessarily toxic . 
  what 's the point of a band shirt ? 
  `` look !, 
  i really care about my band ! '', 
  it 's just private domain to me . 
  it 's their business . 
  they 're not shoving it down anyone 's throat . 
  it 's their frontyard/house , they should be able to decorate it whichever way they want . 
  but i feel like we 'll have to agree to disagree . 
  this is always a very touchy subject and i do n't want to flame anyone . 
  i mean i personally would n't fly a flag . 
  it 's tacky and kitschy to me . 
  what are some of the positive aspects in your opinion ? 
   also interesting that 55 % of under 35-year olds ( generation y/millennials ) think that nazism `` was n't all bad `` . 
  given your/our past , that is genuinely disgusting . 
  i 'm seriously shocked . 
   flag waving i feel like hanging a flag outside your house should be fine . 
  it 's your property , you should be able to express yourself freely . 
  i do agree about your point regarding strong opinions though . 
  there 's no need for jingoism . 
  yes , civic nationalism is probably the best of both worlds . 
  nationalism intertwined with ethnicity or race seems to be the kind that has spawned all these civil wars and genocides . 
  what do you define as nationalism ? 
  are things like protecting your borders nationalist ? 
  i 'm not sure myself , and i do n't know how one goes about fighting it either . 
  yes , the balkans are probably the chief example of why nationalism can be toxic . 
  it 's sad what happened . 
  if we 're talking about brunch , it 's heavily influenced by british customs . 
  sausage , bacon/ham , etc. 
  throw in some eggs ( fried or scrambled or merely cooked ) and you got it right . 
  how come ? 
  do you not believe that , given the massive education on ww2 , the younger generation has a much more negative attitude towards war ? 
  not really na\u00efve . 
  at least not more na\u00efve than thinking the eu magically keeps us all happy and content with each other . 
  i just like to think that as europeans , we have matured enough to avoid war for better reasons rather than just a fairly arbitrary union of governments . 
  i hope our pacifism runs deeper than that . 
  you honestly think that was over brexit ? 
  if so , why are n't switzerland and norway mobilizing ? 
  they 're not in the eu , so they should be warmongers out for blood right ? 
  / s there are arguments for the eu , but `` peace '' is not the biggest one . 
  it 's just beneficial economically and it makes travelling through europe easier . 
  simple as that . 
  no need for a eu army or , god forbid , a federation . 
  i doubt we would suddenly erupt into violent conflicts if the eu ceased to exist . 
  it 's pretty cool to have this stuff around . 
  after living in the us for the better part of a year , i certainly take it for granted . 
  there 's just something awe-inspiring about walking through the same halls people used to convene in many centuries ago . 
  nah they ded was n't really anything they liked to talk about either , they were pretty ashamed of it . 
  1 . outfit you wear ? 
  button-down shirt/sweater with khakis/washed out jeans and some boots or chuck taylors 2 . meal you eat for lunch or in general ( including beverages ) ? 
  subway if i 'm outside ( with a coke ) 3 . thing you get annoyed about ? 
  people who refuse to admit they 're wrong if the evidence is against them 4 . mood you find yourself to be in ? 
  cautious optimism 5 . thing you say irl or online without meaning it ( i.e. 
  sorry 6 . small mistake you make in general i give up too quickly, 
  i love it . 
  lived in the deep south for about a year and had the time of my life . 
  great nature , amazing food and the poeple were very kind and accepting . 
  though i do think they lean a bit too hard to the right . 
  also , sometimes rage-inducing arrogance and refusal to let go of misconceptions , especially towards europe . 
  so you ca n't read or check flairs either . 
  i 'm german and this condescending hurr durr le stupid americans is just tiresome . 
  do you honestly think we are a shining example of a country ? 
  also have you ever been to the us of are you just regurgitating reddit memes ? 
  i disagree with the stereotype as well but it 's not exclusive to europe tbh . 
  american exchange students in germany always raise an eyebrow and make snarky comments when i tell them my experiences in the us all stem from my time in alabama, 
  the south is n't nearly as dumb as people make it out to be . 
  now stop making our country look bad . 
  she flip-flops like crazy . 
  no consistency whatsoever, 
  this is pretty much it .
