  for example , i 'm german and the bavarian accent is hard to understand for foreigners ( i 'm bavarian myself so it 's cool for me to say lol ) whereas lower saxony is easily intelligible . 
  mind pointing out where exactly that was `` bad linguistics '' ? 
  there are definitely regions in which dialects are n't as prominent and the language is instead spoken in a neutral manner . 
  compare bavaria and lower saxony for example and then tell me there 's a noticeable dialect in ls as much as bavaria both of them . 
  there 's clearly more intelligible dialects then others . 
  so you 're honestly r/iamverysmart material more than anything else tbh, 
  okay , maybe correct was the wrong word . 
  but seriously , do you not have the distinction between areas with dialects that are hard to understand vs more neutral or even non-existent dialects in your country ? 
  you 're not as linguistically diverse than german then . 
  what 's a scottish breakfast then ? 
  heroin and haggis ? 
  ah yes . 
  the gourmet british breakfast , never before has such an orgy of refined taste graced my palate . 
  simmer down cuz, 
  i want to make a certain joke referring to a certain airline but i feel like it would be low-hanging fruit . 
  in my school , we basically stopped at the civil rights movement and began at the declaration of independence . 
  we focused on how the us managed to ascend to a global superpower and its foreign policy mostly . 
  timo werner is probably the most exciting player to watch right now . 
  he could be big one day or pull a benjamin lauth and end up as a waste of potential, 
  oida must be like full-blown austrianization . 
  at that point they 're bleeding obstler . 
  einst\u00fcrzende neubauten and faust deserve an honorable mention too . 
  there 's also kollegah if you 're into german rap . 
  huge shoegaze fan , so good on you for mentioning mbv !, 
  i thought the pogues were more of an american st patrick 's thing ( really tryna avoid the term `` plastic paddy '' ), 
  no mention of scooter ?!, 
  come on , shitty as they may be , we ca n't just ignore them . 
  they 're the nsdap of german music . 
  do n't say the smiths . 
  morrissey is such a cunt he actually spoiled the band for me . 
  what is it with americans and their whining about no-go zones in sweden and here in germany ?!, 
  get back to me once we have a city as dangerous as east st. louis/south chicago/camden/detroit . 
  my grandma was like 42 when the reunification was afoot . 
  we lived in a bordertown too , so all of a sudden the place was flooded with those standard issue socialist cars ( look up `` trabant '' ) . 
  all things considered , we still think of easterners as a tad bit backwards . 
  as a bavarian , i 'm just happy someone else took over the redneck role . 
  my emergency sandwich is : - remoulade - ham - pickles - roasted onions ca n't beat it . 
  2002 finale was pretty exciting indeed . 
  it 's just the games before were terrible . 
  i mean , we barely advanced past paraguay and the us . 
  die killerpilze would like a word with you, 
  we pretty much stumbled ass-backwards into the 2002 finale . 
  we had no business playing that high up , we were shit . 
  kahn saved our asses until he did n't . 
  2006 though ? 
  young and vibrant team , home field advantage . 
  and just like that , italy happened . 
  it hurt much more than 2002 , at least for me personally . 
  i think it means overcoming the odds . 
  if you think about it , the us at its inception were wilderness , more wilderness and then europe 's rejects ( no offense ) . 
  all things considered , they turned out pretty well and call the shots worldwide , for better or worse . 
  so i assume american exceptionalism is the glue that holds all these folks together , german , italian , irish etc. 
  of course , having your mind set on success and success only will result in quite a few skeletons in your closet but that 's unfortunately a given for every relevant country . 
  also , the consequences are horrendous , see us foreign policy . 
  but every `` diplomatic '' ideology born out of a sense of superiority is doomed to damage the smaller players , see european imperialism and the whole white man 's burden bullshit . 
  can and neu !, 
  especially . 
  do n't care for rammstein much . 
  schumacher straight laid battiston ( sp ? ), 
  down . 
  like hot damn . 
  i know right ?!, 
  how could you forget that . 
  just in recent history , you got 2006 and 2012 . 
  surely more of a rivalry than brazil, 
  what 's up netherlands , i see you babe, 
  please , as if tradition is nonexistent in germany . 
  i 'm from northern bavaria , n\u00fcrnberg to be exact plenty of scary brown people , and we still kept out accent , cuisine , landmarks etc. 
  noone bombed the lorenzkirche either , as of yesterday . 
  if your culture is under a serious threat from a handful of immigrants , your culture is the problem . 
  he 's most likely some muh white genocide trumpet, 
  how complacent germans are . 
  we are too comfortable with the status quo . 
  we shun taking risks and are too often insistent on principle . 
  i know the british have different words for roll ( as in roll of bread ) . 
  sort of `` semmel '' and its variations over here in germany . 
  when i was like 12 ( shit , like 11 years ago ) i was way into basketball . 
  i remember being ecstatic when i got my mcgrady 's back then . 
  they have since been eclipsed by pop tarts though . 
  6 euros a box , but fuck me they 're the best stoned food ever . 
  pecan pie is pretty good too . 
  cracker barrel - holy shit . 
  amazing . 
  so is ihop , we 're missing out . 
  only reasons i 'd set foot into ms again . 
  any us stuff you appreciate ? 
  c'mon , let 's make em feel better about cheeto benito !, 
  in britain it was mostly pakistani people calling me boss . 
  in germany , the `` i come in peace '' word is kollega , which is a version of colleague ( `` kollege '' in proper german ) weirdly specific question but i hope you know what i 'm talking about . 
  [ removed ], 
  if we look at how my country is perceived in the public eye , especially among our immediate neighbors , things look pretty good . 
  sure , people might disagree with merkel 's politics in the refugee situation , but people seem to unanimously think germany is a positive influence on europe . 
  germans are also generally regarded as trustworthy folks i think . 
  however , say 60-70 years ago i imagine our image was n't quite as positive . 
  now keeping in mind that the older generation i referenced in the title was raised during the war or immediately afterwards with a negatively tinted view on us krauts , so you think that has persisted ? 
  basically tl ; dr : do your grandparents and great-grandparents have a more negative opinion on germany than you ? 
  i mean , on the one hand , nationalism has been an important force in uniting people to fight against tyrants or , at the very least , rulers that only had their own interests in mind . 
  see : austro-hungary , the soviet union . 
  also , a healthy dose of patriotism helps integrate immigrants . 
  for example , look at the recent referendum in turkey .
