  it 's time to stop half-assing it . 
  this whole laissez-faire `` we 'll make it '' multicultural fetishism thing has obviously failed . 
  all things considered , probably expressionism . 
  so in general the 1920s . 
  i do n't own a tv . 
  i pay 10 yurobucks a month for netflix , which satisfies all my needs in regards to entertainment . 
  10 more for dazn which is what i use to watch football games , and for the nba , there 's a great subreddit providing me with all the streams i need . 
  i get my news either from the internet or good ol print media . 
  fuck i need a tv for ? 
  there is nothing worthwhile on in german anyway . 
  say what you want about the us , but you ca n't beat their entertainment industry . 
  so many great series are written in the states, 
  no way . 
  i 'm a euro watching the playoffs and r/nbastreams is your friend bucks in 6 by the way, 
  in the basement , it 's available for everyone in the building complex . 
  there 's a total three of them i think and you have to buy coins from the janitor . 
  french food is actually very down to earth , lots of simple yet delicious variations of meat and vegetables . 
  it 's not all snails in white wine sauce and other hoity toity stuff . 
  but germans are just as likely to rape as refugees are n't they ? 
  i feel like we focus more on cases involving refugee suspects than germans . 
  or maybe that was wrong too . 
  i feel like i do n't know what to think anymore . 
  i found that hard to read . 
  i do n't mean to be a dick but there were many grammatical errors in that post and i ca n't quite follow it . 
  wir schaffen das definitely sounds like an invitation for me . 
  couple that with the fact that our beh\u00f6rden were obviously not ready for the sheer mass of refugees ( we ca n't even offer them sufficient german classes ! ), 
  and merkel made a mistake . 
  she basically said everything is fine and dandy , while knowing that the government apparatus and it 's bureaucracy were not ready to handle the integration of refugees . 
  the only reason things worked out in the beginning was due to the generosity of our citizens and all the volunteering . 
  if not for that , the refugees would have soon realized that no , wir schaffen das nicht , because the government can not assist refugees in a sufficient manner . 
  they take forever to process asylum applications , they have failed to provide basic housing leading to tent cities like in berlin ... sorry this is a mess-up on germany 's government 's behalf that merkel was willfully blind to . 
  read this : http://app.handelsblatt.com/politik/deutschland/arbeitsmarkt-nur-ein-bruchteil-der-fluechtlinge-hat-jobs/14998744.html?mwl=ok http://cicero.de/berliner-republik/fluechtlingspolitik-merkels-schwerster-fehler/59835 neither of these sources are right-wing publications with a heavy bias . 
  also , she has the power to shut down certain refugee routes ( balkanroute ) or at least speed up the process, 
  she invited people to come over via her speeches though . 
  then they embarked on the dangerous road to germany which cost many of the refugees attempting to cross the mediterranean sea their lives, 
   this world would be much better if your grandpa had died in the war . 
  why do n't you go overdose or just submit to your suicidal thoughts already ? 
  lol it 's all good . 
  i had my fun . 
  gon na legally go on 4chan now . 
  you can visit the knock-off subreddit . 
  on a serious note , read up on your history . 
  you 've been spouting some seriously retarded bs in this thread . 
  `` best schools in the country '' my ass . 
  more peaceful than the us for sure . 
  when the last time has europe groomed third world dictators and overthrown governments that actually benefitted people in their respective country ? 
  also current crimes weigh much more than past crimes . 
  but go ahead and laugh at my flag some more . 
  i love how easily rustled you are . 
  you are the epitome of a redditor who recently stumbled upon 4chan and is desperately trying to hone his le trolling skillz . 
  it 's hilarious how desperate you are to fit in . 
  i 'm honored that you invested all that time typing haha over and over just to try and rustle me . 
  i must have struck a nerve : ^ ) i 'll just bask in the fact i got tomorrow off . 
  and monday too , since my country actually celebrates christianity . 
  you go back to school boo !, 
  learn something , lord knows you got some catching up to do hon x, 
  dude you 're a 16 year old posting on r/4chan . 
  did you get banned from the real deal ? 
  you 're the embodiment of cancer . 
  i 'm not even mad , just kinda sad . 
  anyway , best of luck in your future endeavours . 
  you 're gon na need it !, 
  you are trolling . 
  you deflect like a motherfuck . 
  i know this is about europe and tu quoque should n't be allowed but you constantly absolve the us of any wrongdoing , even though your country committed many of the same mistakes europe did back in it 's heyday . 
  tell me how grooming dictators in third world countries is different from colonizing . 
  tell me how your treatment of native americans is any different from atrocities committed by europeans against indigenous people anywhere else . 
  but you wo n't , you 'll instead deflect by pointing out my flag and going hurr durr holocaust or hurr durr world wars because you 're not interested in a genuine discussion, 
  op , looking at your post history you seem to be a shitty troll . 
  well not shitty since you do rattle lots of people as evidenced by this thread . 
  that said , on a reasonable level the us have been involved in so many foreign countries ( via the war on drugs or on terrorism ) with devastating effect recently that you will not get to act high and mighty anymore . 
  you will soon experience the pitfalls of relevance , as did the europeans back then . 
  power does corrupt , and with cheeto benito in power , the us will only continue along the path of murder , unlawful war and crimes against your own people ( mass surveillance/incarceration ) that you 've been treading the past few years . 
  so go back to / b / and play with kids that are more your intellectual speed will ya ? 
  the us do n't have n't been relevant long enough yet to commit such atrocities . 
  that is usually the privilege of actually powerful nations . 
  you 'll get there one day young blood . 
  thank you . 
  i worded it badly , but that guy up there is a personification of r/topmindsofreddit . 
  everyone is an expert on here and may the gods have mercy on you if you mess up basic terms regarding a subject you do n't know much about, 
  merkel honestly . 
  she flip-flops like crazy . 
  some of the things she said early into her chancellorship like a decade ago sound like afd talking points . 
  then she went 180 and opened the borders to absolutely everyone . 
  now she 's backpedalling again . 
  she seems to just not have a solid world view , which many politicians are lacking these days edit : and here goes the first downvote . 
  this is true . 
  i am always right there to defend our country when it is the topic of discussion , even though i can think of millions of reasons not to do so . 
  we are just very self-conscious i 'd say . 
  germans are generally in favor of a society that helps the poor and under-privileged ( see : government welfare ) but will not commit small acts themselves to do so . 
  example : panhandlers and beggars receive much more money in the us than germany , even though germany is obviously a much more agreeable country for a poor person to live in i 'm german btw , not an expat or whatever . 
  thanks to the answers from folks who got the gist of the question !, 
  yay for reading comprehension . 
  for everyone else i 'll try to edit the op to make it more precise . 
  seriously everyone is so hung up on the word correct . 
  i mean neutral , intelligible . 
  surely parts of rural sweden are much harder to understand than metro areas ? 
  just trying to help you understand what i mean . 
  like i said , `` correct '' was probably false . 
  i mean , which version of french is closest to textbook french ?
