  generally there 's no problem with it - we got thousands of slovakians anyway , some greeks ( although their migration predates the eu ) , some polish people , but mostly ukrainians ( who do the jobs nobody wants to do ) and russians . 
  most people do n't care , but if you want to be mean to someone , gypsies and vietnamese are an easier target ( although increasingly not so ) , but there is still some resentment towards the russians . 
  as with the social democrats - the ones that are in the government are pro-refugee - on the day of the 17 november , the prime minister met with leaders of pro-refugee organisations ( some of them quite shady people though ) and the cssd minister for human rights runs from taxes a propaganda organisation that pushes a pro-refugee stance ( known as hatefree ) . 
  the lower level cssd politicians are however against it . 
  i would say that it 's about 50-50 - the party is divided on the issue , and the government has been pursuing a very passive position on the whole immigration issue . 
  ( people do n't want it , but the government is too afraid to say it out loud ), 
  i love how they put an irrelevant eu-immigrant info box in the middle of the article to spin the article 's attention away from mena immigrants who actually have the highest tendency to ` misbehave ', 
  that makes it even worse :d, 
  well ... it still largely takes islam for its state religion - people who ` insult ' it or dare to be atheists have a hard time there, 
  well , no wonder if the ` fascists ' are the only ones who can offer sensible policy on the matter ... ( which pisses me off as well , i do n't want to vote for people like orb\u00e1n and zeman just because the rest of the politicians do n't understand basic national interests - it 's a shame that we have to vote for these people , but we have no choice if we want europe to stay europe ), 
  1 : the larch ] ( http://www.godisgris.se/wp-content/uploads/thelarch.png ), 
  so that 's what the nordstream stuff is about ... poland is afraid their vodka exports to germany will be destroyed once they finish the pipeline to russia ... 
  it finally makes sense now, 
  all the more reason not to import them in the first place !, 
  yay !, 
  as if it was n't already easy enough for islamists to get to europe . 
  sorry turks , but i doubt the eu will couple this with effective border control and repatriation of immigrants and remove the pull factors of migration . 
  we should n't have to rely on others to protect our borders ( and especially the current not-so-nice turkish government ) , because once we do , we effectively have no borders . 
  `` un high commissioner for human rights recently accused of him fueling xenophobic public discourse thanks to his repeated islamophobic statements . '', 
  - no wonder , when saudi arabia heads the commission . 
  media always kind of forget to mention this . 
  i do n't know really what to think of him . 
  on the one hand , he supports a better position on the issue than our government does ( which is too cowardly to even join the lawsuit against quotas ) , but on the other he did a number of things a president should n't do ( his `` illness '' , pasy , went to china when he should n't have , his rusophillic tendencies etc. ) . 
  however , i think he 'll remain the public 's choice for the following years , since the crisis is the no . 
  1 issue right now and he 's been always on the sceptic side and he knows what to say . 
  so what that he was on stage with an `` extremist '' group . 
  the dangerous inactivity and lack of balls of our government , is imho , much worse than that . 
  ** the czech republic will not join the lawsuit against refugee quotas ** prague -- the czech republic will not join the lawsuit against the redistribution of refugees , how the deputy prime minister andrej babi\u0161 ( ano ) suggested on friday . 
  the government decided to uphold its original position on today 's special meeting -- it will not support the lawsuit . 
  prime minister bohuslav sobotka told the media . 
  according to him , the czech republic would risk losing its position in the eu . 
  \u201e i am pleased to announce that the minister of internal affairs , the directors of all the three intelligence services and the police president have confirmed that we have no contemporary information of any terrorist threat or attack within the czech republic , '' sobotka announced . 
  increased security measures however are still in effect , but because of the worsened situation in france and belgium , not in the czech republic . 
  `` although we should n't underestimate anything , i think that what we need the least is any hysteria , any succumbing to fear , which would lead us to do steps that have no rational reasoning . 
  there is truly no reason for us to cancel traditional events that relate to the fact that christmas is coming , '' said the head of government . 
  should the police have some doubts concerning a particular event , he added , it will of course contact the specific organisers . 
  the discussion about security measures will be continued on the 8th of december by the national security council , which will also concern itself with systemic measures prepared by the ministry of internal affairs and the security information service ( bis ) to guarantee the safety of czech citizens . 
  amongst other things it should be the material system for national security and the material for safety concerning migration . 
  the minister of internal affairs milan chovanec ( \u010cssd ) added that the czech republic does n't have any problems now that would be related to migration nor any returnees from fighting for the islamic state . 
  according to him , the migration crisis in the czech republic peaked in the summer months , in the last weeks the police caught 27 , 14 , and then 10 migrants . 
  the capacity of the detention centres is filled not even to ten percent . 
  there are 136 migrants within them , and 11 of them are in the critised b\u011bl\u00e1 pod bezd\u011bzem . 
  \u201e the czech republic is n't experiencing any migration crisis now , '' said the minister , adding that even in the coming months the number of incoming migrants should n't grow . 
  chovanec was given the mandate to negotiate on behalf of the czech republic at the meeting of the ministers of the eu on migration on 4th of december . 
  the czech republic wants to debate about the effectiveness of hotspots , which do n't function ideally , according to the government . 
  it is still against permanent quotas for redistributing migrants and for increasing the security on the schengen 's outer border . 
  regarding the debate about limiting and tightening of the access to weapons , the government holds the opinion that it is necessary to fight against the illegal weapons market . 
  it does not see any space for tightening the rules concerning legal holders of firearms , since they were severely limited after the tragic shooting in uhersk\u00fd brod . 
  source : \u010ctk ( last updated 28.11.2015 23:12 ), 
  wtf ? 
  how can you read that from this map ? 
  are you comparing with a map from last year ? 
  i do n't know if i should laugh or if i should cry, 
  you ca n't be serious . 
  so before europeans came to the middle east , it was full of advanced , working societies ... yeah , right . 
  i hope you 're trolling . 
  and even if we did , how does it justify having today 's citizens pay for crimes of past leaders ? 
  he could 've really chosen a better place to do his speech . 
  this was a fuck-up by both him and the bloc against islam , as they just gave weapons to their enemies . 
  #refugeeswelcome seriously though , how many more people will have to die before people realise that importing unintegrable numbers of people with medieval thinking is not a good idea ? 
  7 and 1 are my favourites . 
  4 is not a logo really . 
  the heart in 5 is something fitting for some betting website . 
  6 looks like a fridge logo , as somebody already mentioned . 
  8 looks like an app logo , but could work . 
  2 looks like some church/charity stuff and number 3 is too colourful . 
  best logo, 
  welcomed ? 
  i heard people were usually scared of them ( reasons ) and did n't see their presence as something to be happy about ( unless the gypsies played music or did something interesting , like fortune telling ) . 
  of course , their free way of life and temperament made them great idols for romantic poets , but they always lived on the fringe of society ( due to very much the same thing ) . 
  greens have shown to be largely traitors in this issue . 
  in prague they go and pick up migrants and also demand that the city pays money for housing for them . 
  on a slightly lighter note , green is the colour of islam . 
  i think not !, 
   people fear them because they have no experience i hate this self-loathing position that immigrant supporters have . 
  people are n't stupid !, 
  there is enough information and statistics out there that shows that this immigration wave 's negatives greatly outweigh its positives , unlike those that we have experience with ( ukrainians , vietnamese ) . 
   people fear them because of media massage what media massage do you speak of ? 
  the mainstream media massage , bias and outright propaganda that 's prevalent now is greatly in favour of this immigration . 
  just read idnes.cz and how they reported of the last demonstration , watch \u010ct , or read respekt . 
  there are hints of some serious pro-immigration bias . 
  we know why we kicked them out of sudetenland ... \\ s on the other hand , had the germans ( at the time bloody right-wingers most of them ) stayed , we probably would n't have descended into communism and towns around the borders would be less shabby and in a much better state than they are now . 
  it will soon be . 
  as things are developing , the bavarians will close the borders and the up until now limited flow of immigrants through southern moravia will be replaced by the main flow from austria to germany . 
  saxony ( east germany is less sympathetic to migrants ) will get fed up quicker than bavaria , close the border , and we 'll end up with thousands of migrants within czech republic with nowhere to go and nobody to stop them ( our border guard and army is nonexistent , our military minister is an actor , our prime minister does n't have guts to initiate anything on his own and maybe start preparing for the situation ... ) . 
  and of course , we hate the quotas even more , since it 's a breach of sovereignty and moving of problems to those who have n't caused them . 
  yeah , as if anyone still respects the deficit rules anyway ( especially the big countries ) . 
  the -- ... chosen one !!, 
  will we get a chance to see the pretty graphs once the survey is over ? 
  we do have people from different cultural regions - or are the vietnamese just passing by ? 
  yeah , surely not as diverse and enriching as arabs or africans , but still quite different than the czech cultural region . 
  yeah , fuck us all , we 're just stupid ignorant czechs who know nothing about the world , who are just vulgar fat alcoholics and who should just shut up and listen to the good guys from the un who know better . 
  we have already been globalised . 
  the immigration that comes in this crisis brings us nothing ( unlike the other estabilished immigrant groups ) apart from that we can pat ourselves on the back what a good job we have done . 
  judging from the cost that western european societies have suffered on their liberty and safety ( and expenditure ) as a result of this immigration , i ( and i believe most czechs also ) think it 's just not worth it . 
  europe should n't be isolationist . 
  however , protecting your borders is n't a sign of isolationism , it is a sign of a working state ( that 's partly why the state is here - to protect the people within it ) . 
  australia , japan , canada , spain protect their borders - these are n't isolationist countries whatsoever . 
  in fact , europe should interest itself more in stabilising its surroundings and in discouraging people from coming by border protection in the short run and investing in their countries more in the long run . 
  still better than paying benefits for a year ( ;,
