no wonder they then become terrorists and go blow up a train ( slightly \\ s ) !, 
  i disagree . 
  once you start censoring , you never stop . 
  it 's better for the sub to be occasionally filled with some low-q content than to risk missing out on biased/not mainstream hq content . 
  is n't duisburg the city with germany 's first no-go zone ? 
   i ca n't believe that somebody voted for him during elections . 
  pretty much our government now . 
  :d ( as far as this issue and several others are concerned ), 
  well , he was charged with inciting hate , but then nothing really happened , which is a bit fishy . 
  everything kind of disappeared . 
  an episode of a tv show from ten years ago ( when criticising islam was still ok on national tv ) called infiltration , where , again , a guy went into a mosque and pretended to be a good muslim with a hidden camera on him , showed the same thing - imams inciting hateful propaganda . 
  in private , after sending the infiltrator 's girlfriend to a different , smaller praying room , one of the more prominent guys from the mosque [ tells him to convince his wife to convert ] ( https://youtu.be/2ww0cv9ifgi?t=8m49s ) or to find a good muslim wife , because marrying an atheist is bad and islamic law forbids it . 
  then there 's a woman who talks about her forced marriage and several others who talk about it as very real and part of islamic culture . 
  then the very same guy , when asked on camera , [ apologizes and downplays ] ( https://youtu.be/2ww0cv9ifgi?t=11m17s ) the fact of forced marriages and that it has nothing to do with islam and says that he respects women as equals . 
  yeah , it does n't really show anything on his part , he could be just naive and kind of ignore what the imams say , but the fact is , we really do n't know what these guys teach . 
  the thing with the bible is that christians admit that its made by humans , so there are errors and stuff that reflected the time it comes from ( still , why have it in there if your religion is supposedly peaceful ? 
  people would n't then have to carry a big book but just a little one  ) . 
  the muslims have not yet made this key step forward and so criticising parts of the quran amounts to heresy ( how dare you question god 's word ) and so the justification for violence is much more readily available and unquestionable . 
   perhaps i 'm misunderstanding your sentece , but you 'd allow massive amounts of people to die because they do n't benefit you ? 
  real great job with the whole european values , there . 
  accepting refugees is n't a matter of `` does this benefit us ? '', 
  it 's a matter of human rights . 
  what i meant here is that if we really want to save as many people as possible , immigration is n't the way to go and in the long term will only harm us , because those that immigrate are only the ones who have enough money to do so ( ignoring the fact that they usually take off from a camp inside a safe country , making them economic migrants ) , whilst those most in need stay behind . 
  if we really want to help them , we should intervene and aim to solve the crisis in syria asap ( people generally prefer to live close to where they were born , in their home country ) , or at least financially support camps in neighbouring countries - the same money that would rent you a flat in sweden can save five lives in a camp in turkey . 
   one major issue i see on this sub , though , is the expectation that people will abandon their culture if the culture is backward ( in treatment of women , for example ) , why should n't we encourage its abandonment for our and their sake ? 
   if i had to guess , the best way to deal with that is n't by marginalizing the religious , but instead by using moderate religious teachers to reach out in those communities . 
  i agree fully with you here . 
  the problem with islam today , however , is that there are n't that many moderates ( they 're a minority ) . 
  most powerful muslims support some version of fundamentalism ( salafism , for example ) , and the european politicians are having them let their way with it to not upset them , instead of banning it altogether ( like nazism ) or regulating it ( creating a european values-friendly islamic curriculum , subsidising islamic moderates , and banning funding from foreign organisations ) . 
  thx for the `` taught '' , i was typing fast so i did n't realise it . 
  and as for racism - what the media and politicians are trying to push is that the biggest problem of europe is racism and that terrorism etc. 
  is n't happening because the treatment of the integration of this group is bad and so the tendency for this group to radicalise can materialise , but because we , racist europeans , are n't nice enough . 
  instead of explaining and putting forward a plan how we will prevent the mistakes from western europe , our minister of internal affairs is planning a campaign to `` stop the xenophobic resistance '' of his citizens . 
  yes , there are racists among us and always will be , but their voices will be louder and more legitimate the more the government will ignore the problem . 
  there were a number of cases , at least in the czech republic , of imams teaching their followers to be hateful and intolerant against infidels , not just limited to beating women - alrawi , the ex-chief of a czech muslim association from brno 's mosque was one example , where they brought a hidden camera and recorded him spouting bigotry and bs . 
  there is no regulation nor oversight on what those guys teach the muslims living here . 
  we , as europe , really have no idea . 
  no wonder some of them then think it 's a good idea to go fight for isis . 
   none of that is sinister , or evil , or a threat to any europeans nationality . 
  islam 's core teachings about women , non-believers , and any non-muslims is in direct conflict with european tolerance and free values . 
  you can open a random page of the quran and unless you 're lucky , you 'll find mostly verses about god 's chosen people who have the right to smite all the others , etc. 
  once islam reforms to christianity 's benign level , i 'll have no problem with it . 
  sorry to break it to you , but european culture and societal values * are * better than ones in muslim countries , otherwise they would be enjoying comparable peace and prosperity to what we do . 
  as for the part that you quoted , i was talking about the completely irresponsible approach the politicians are taking - there are no safeguards against radicalisation , no oversight of muslim teachings and curbing conservative fundamentalists , there is only political correctness that undermines the very real danger that these things pose and little enforcement of the law when immigrants are the ones commiting crimes ( eventually leading to no-go zones ) . 
  racist idiots will be always here , that 's just how things are , but ** branding critics of islam and immigration as the kkk is like saying that all muslims are terrorists ** . 
  sorry , unless you live in a cave and watch only tv ( bbc & cnn come to mind ) , there is enough reliable information out there for you to understand that the way things are today only harms europe . 
  it 's not about them being brown or speaking a different language , it 's about the whole system - `` let 's bring in all these people from another culture and lock them behind a fence , what could go wrong !, 
  let them have their way with their culture , even though we do n't really know what they 're taught at mosques , they 'll integrate quite nicely ! '', 
  putting aside the fact that by immigration we do n't solve the problem , only help those that have the money to make it to europe , and only make matters worse here , the situation on immigration in the us and in the eu is a bit different . 
  the us is a melting pot - immigrants are teached to love the american flag and eventually end up doing the same shit the locals do . 
  the eu lets everyone do what they like and leaves them in ghettos on their own . 
  naturally , these people will feel resentment and some will even radicalise . 
  however , nobody has the balls to actually speak about this growing problem and instead the media are filled with images of poor migrants opressed by police or dying in the sea . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i hope for that as well , but two years is too little . 
  the war in syria will be over , european borders will be enforced and islam-motivated hate crimes and intolerance spreading ( as we have experience from our czech mosques ) will be persecuted , if not declared illegal altogether ( nazism is illegal , why not islam ? ), 
  and the media will stop spreading emotional propaganda . 
  truth always prevails in the end . 
  the question is , how many people will have to die for it to happen . 
  thanks for sharing this . 
  now if only they showed this on tv ... 
  there were at least a thousand , if not two thousand people on the anti-immigration one . 
  we have quite a sizeable minority of vietnamese , ukrainians , and russians here . 
  nobody goes protesting against them , because they assimilate ( they even learnt to evade taxes like us  ) , but islam and forcing countries to take in immigrants is the main problem and that is why people protest . 
  `` hurr durr you never seen any of them migrants '' is perhaps one of the most insulting retorts - would people protest if they did n't know of the barbarism that is spread by islam ? 
  xenophobia is fear of the unknown , and the people that protest would n't really do so if they did n't know what islam really is . 
  and yes , let 's face it , islam is barbaric . 
  look not only into western europe ( although , there the problems are caused by not assimilating those people ) , but into any muslim-majority country and their human rights record . 
  even turkey , although a good exception , is n't that great . 
  islam needs a reformation , but todays rich muslims and stupid politicians are letting the fundamentalists have their way with it . 
  that is why we must not let it into europe . 
  we only recently got rid of the influence of one religion , why import another straight away ? 
  yes , but you agreed to it by allowing post-communist states into the eu and into schengen . 
  the eu never got any agreement with mena countries about immigration ( or did it ? 
  the one pro was about a third of the size of the one against . 
  so as i see it the expected votes are : * for : germany , france , sweden , greece , italy , luxembourg , belgium , netherlands , ireland ( ? 
  ) , finland ( ? 
  ) , netherlands , portugal , spain * against : czech republic , poland , slovakia , hungary , estonia , latvia , lithuania , romania * undecided : croatia , slovenia , bulgaria , malta , cyprus * abstain : uk , denmark ( both opt-out ) i 'm not really sure about spain or portugal , anyone know anything more ? 
  also i guess the austrians could vote against , however , i 'm not sure if their political representation is up to date with current events . 
  it looks quite bleak unless the undecided swing in our favour . 
  correct me if you know a particular country 's vote . 
  it is extremely na\u00efve to think that the quotas wo n't grow as time passes and more `` refugees '' come . 
  juncker & merkel are going to push for it , piece by piece , until all states in eu lose control of how much and what sort of people they take in . 
  yep , and then denmark becomes the perfect kebab sandwich . 
  in the end it did , along with other factors - as the roman currency gradually lost its value ( economic problems were perhaps the key factor in the fall of the empire ) , people were less willing to pay evergrowing taxes . 
  so they , naturally , did n't have problem serving and supporting some non-roman warlord who promised not to tax them so much . 
  not so much immigration as slow conquest contributed to the fall of western rome . 
  yep , they need some pure , undiluted ... democracy !, 
  so , if your friend proposes collectively jumping off a bridge , saying he bought you a beer last night , do you jump with him ? 
  this comes too late . 
  russians are miles ahead in terms of propaganda - try watching rt for a while . 
  eu propaganda has to operate on a similarly big level , lest it will not be effective . 
  yes , that is true , however , are n't we running over capacity right now ? 
  i 'm just saying that refugees should n't be a priority - yes , we should help , but not to the point of self-destruction . 
  when you see a homeless man on the street , do you immediately let him move into your house , or do you just give him some of your money so that he can buy some food ? 
  we have passed the point of `` somewhat inconvenient '' and are steadily approaching `` borderline destructive '' if we had to put a label on the scale of the `` help '' we are offering . 
  germany and sweden are giving too much money to the refugees , which serves to attract them there . 
  yes , we should spend money on it , but not to the point that it becomes the priority . 
  i suggest we follow denmark 's example and reduce the benefits the refugees get , then use that money to secure the border to prevent the growing arrivals of new ones , and ultimately spend it on integrating those that are already here ( because they will do anything just not to leave ) . 
  i apologize , i was making a post about the finance minister in quick succession .
