  the question is if she 'll really deliver on that . 
  of those scheduled for deportation from germany last year , only cca . 
  50 % were deported . 
  deportation is expensive , it 's much better to filter the people before they even enter the eu . 
  edit : added s, 
   no finance minister `` would ever say that balancing the budget takes precedence over everything else , '' he 's joking , right ? 
  because balancing the budget is the finance minister 's freaking job !, 
  either way , he and merkel are now implying refugees are the priority . 
  just like in sweden ... :\\ both france and germany ( the ones that should know the problem the best ) , both having enough information and data on their immigration to assess the situation , should be able to see that it causes problems , is expensive , and will only serve to destabilise europe further . 
  unfortunately , if even they ca n't see it , then we , as the eu , are doomed . 
  why are we pumping more money into this ? 
  have the last few years not been enough evidence that it 's useless anyway ? 
  where do we stop this madness ? 
  edit : added a missing word, 
   times change , people move alright , if we want to learn from history - what did always happen to the `` native '' population when another population moved in ? 
  should we accept our fate and just blindly walk to the end ? 
  ( exaggerating here a bit ) is it bad that i want my country to be functioning and defended from outside threats ? 
  ( of course , migrants ca n't be fully categorised this way ) . 
  like democracy , borders are the least bad system that has been tested to ensure some cohesion of people , effective rule , and some protection . 
   treat humans in a humane way i agree , but what is `` humane '' ? 
  i 'm not legitimising the actions of the radicals here , but is humane a good house , daily meals , clothes and 200 $ pocket money ? 
  if so , then we do n't have money to take care of all of them in a `` humane '' way . 
  we have to stop somewhere . 
  i think [ this ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/coffeehouse/2015/05/labour-should-be-embarrassed-about-holding-a-sex-segregated-rally/ ) serves as a good example of their submission to the migrants ' wants - they even recieved praise from some muslim guy under their twitter post about the rally ( `` how great that you uphold islamic custom '' ) . 
  of course , they will never admit it themselves , but the fact is that they celebrate diversity and see migration as a strength speaks for itself . 
  fortunately , they claim they 're [ taking a different stance ] ( http://www.labour.org.uk/manifesto/immigration ) on it now . 
  i would say there 's two sides to this - the idealistic politicians that let in more migrants because it 's in line with their beliefs and those that do so because they can get more votes that way . 
  a great example of this is the recent european international agreement according to which [ foreigners without citizenship can now vote ] ( https://translate.google.com/translate?sl=cs&amp;tl=en&amp;js=y&amp;prev=_t&amp;hl=cs&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;u=http%3a%2f%2fwww.ceska-justice.cz%2f2015%2f07%2fcr-je-vstricna-vuci-cizincum-nove-mohou-volit-v-mistnich-volbach-nebo-zakladat-odbory%2f&amp;edit-text=&amp;act=url ) in elections . 
  yep , those were the good ol' times ... we civilised the world , and what did we get for it ?!, 
  they kicked us out everywhere , ungrateful bastards . 
  uk 's labour , for example ? 
  yeah , we 're all evil europeans . 
  the worst of the worst . 
  the most decayed society of all . 
  we , and only we , made the world into the hell that it is today . 
  we have benefits for unemployed people , but that is irrelevant , because we used to kill indians . 
  women and homosexuals have the most rights in europe ( and usa ) , but we 're all evil because we colonised africa . 
  we made the greatest advancements in science out of any civilisation in the world , but that amounts to nothing , because we caused the two world wars . 
  we have made free speech the pillar of our society , but that 's bad because it can be used to criticise religion . 
  we made our states the most secular societies of all , but that does n't matter , because we destroyed traditional aboriginal societies in the world . 
  we have the most democratic regimes in the world , but it 's nothing when you remember that we used to do pogroms on jews . 
  we deserve nothing but to be looked down upon . 
  our civilisation is rotten to the core , because we certainly did n't learn from our past mistakes . 
  the people who are n't affected ( i understand you 're referring to the post-communist countries ) are the most critical because they fear the consequences which they see ( and do n't see ) through the media . 
  they do n't want to repeat the mistakes that refugee-friendly countries have done in the past few years . 
  to name a few - no go ( sweden , germany ) and shariah ( uk & france ) zones , censorship of critics of islam , creeping islamisation of politics ( uk labour ) . 
  they want safeguards put in place that will prevent this . 
  instead , politicians and media , instead of solving the problem , are trying to tell them that they 're all racists ( at least here in the czech republic ) . 
  for example , our prime minister sobotka completely ignored the 200,000 people who signed the petition against eu immigration quotas ( he provided no justification for why he will or wo n't take it into account ) , likewise the media ignored the petition . 
  if they were xenophobic , they would n't have done so . 
  his minister for internal affairs chovanec is instead demanding money for a campaign to `` break the xenophobic resistance '' of the czech people . 
  in case where a ruling politician spits into the face of 75 % of his citizens ( from a study on accepting refugees - 75 % said they were against ) , one ca n't be surprised that people are angry and are becoming `` radicalised '' . 
  if there was a great rise in xenophobia , the gypsies , the vietnamese and the ukrainians would n't be spared . 
  there is nobody except the stupid true xenophobes ( like this crazy slovak ) who is suggesting any racist ` arguments ' . 
  people are just genuinely worried . 
  however , the government just ignores them . 
  i will say what i said in another comment - ** suggesting that critics of islam and of immigration are xenophobic is as unjust as suggesting that all muslims want to kill us !, 
  ** and in regards to islam - islam ( like many other religions ) is bad and should be criticised . 
  ( just read the quuran and you will see - or look at the state of human rights in majority muslim societies ( specifically what they do to women , homosexuals , and atheists in the name of islam ) ) , but that is a different issue than the immigration itself . 
  what is however spreading across europe is the chilling effect of `` anti-xenophobia '' and pc ( most supported by wealthy muslims and idealistic or machiavellistic socialists ) , which leads to limiting free speech - people ca n't draw mohammad or criticise because some muslims ( and some antiracists in power ) see it as insulting ( and some even to the point that they go kill the cartoonists ) , so newspapers are self-censoring . 
  insults and criticism are the base of free speech , the pillar of our society . 
  if something insults you , then you have three options : a ) ignore it , b ) respond to it and clear it c ) sue the perpetrator ( if it is repeated ) for harassment . 
  you have no right to censor that person in a free society , especially if it 's about some man from several centuries ago . 
  people are just seeing that the immigration from muslim countries is unsustainable in the present form ( i 'm all for different forms of integration than what is being done now ) , and right winged opinions are n't the minority . 
  i never implied that . 
  they are n't all over the media . 
  it 's just that the media are n't so keen on reporting all the aspects of immigration . 
  if crime rates are dropping in norway , good for you . 
  perhaps you should teach us how to integrate these people better . 
  and even if there truly was a `` neoconservative wave '' everywhere ( there is n't one , lest we would see true xenophobia spread ( and saying that islam is bad is n't xenophobic - it would be xenophobic to say muslims are bad because they 're different ) ) , then so be it . 
  if it is the will of the people and if the eu is democratic , it should reflect that . 
  trouble is , the politicians are on a paneuropean level ignoring the problem and pretending that all is okay . 
  that is how the really xenophobic people are becoming relevant - the mainstream is ignoring the problem , so people have no choice but to support the extreme on this issue . 
  and no , i do n't want people like this slovakian in politics . 
  i want the problem to be resolved on a rational basis , not a racial one . 
  people are angry because the elites are ignoring the problem . 
  the problem is mainly in the system and stupid politicians , not in the race/religion of the migrants or xenophobia on europeans ' part ( the two would n't even be mentioned as a problem if it were n't for the first one ), 
  yep - let 's displace the smugglers ' business !, 
  not by violence , but by competition !, 
  gates of vienna 2015 : kebab strikes back, 
   its not like you can win an election in any european country by supporting immigration at the moment . 
  and why is that ? 
  are n't people who are n't affected yet just rationally afraid of what immigration has brought us in the past few years ? 
  are n't they questioning the political actions and non-actions which have led to the creation of no-go zones in western europe ? 
   basically people love to have enemies and the governments in europe take advantage of this , reinforcing the problem further . 
  i agree with you , but in the opposite way . 
  people love having enemies , so politicians and the media are trying to convince us that there is a `` great wave of xenophobia '' rising across europe against the poor helpless migrants . 
  they are trying to alienate all critics of islam and of immigration , because `` they 're just stupid white racists who never saw a muslim '' , so they allegedly have no right to voice their `` ignorant '' opinion . 
  reality is different however , as i tried to suggest above . 
  i think that people are completely missing the issue here - ** there are as many nutjobs like this one amongst the europeans as there are terrorists amongst the muslims . 
  ( negligible minority ) ** suggesting that there is a `` great wave of xenophobia '' rising , what the mainstream media and politicians are trying to convince us of ( at the same time saying medialisation and `` populist '' politicians are doing the opposite ) , and that the people in europe who oppose mena immigration (  75 % of czechs ) are all xenophobic racists who never met a muslim is as unjust and xenophobic as suggesting that every muslim wants to kill infidels . 
  most people who oppose immigration just see the multicultural failures from western europe and want safeguards put in place to prevent them . 
  they also fear the economic implications of a scheme in which less-then-stellarly productive people are imported into rich countries which already have large numbers unemployed . 
  please people , stop polarising ourselves and let 's solve this issue - not on an ethnic or ideological basis , but on an economic one . 
  someone give him gold :p, 
  another quite overlooked reason is religion ( `` contraception is evil ! '' ), 
  alright , til that the situation is much better than i thought !, 
  the czechs were never very keen on religion , especially after the events of the 20th century ( liberation from catholic habsburgs , nazi persecution , communists ) . 
  however , this does not mean that people do n't believe there is a god , they just think that the church is an organisation run by pedophiles and as a result , do n't practice it and look down on anyone who does . 
  in politics , the only party which openly proclaims to be `` based on religious roots '' is the kdu-\u010csl ( christian democrats ) , but their support is usually on the one-digit level .
