[ eastern european men school ] ( http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=5uzu58n-sso ), 
  lithuanian language and lithuania itself probably survived because of church and it 's only that we were the last pagans . 
  estonian language is the very different one . 
  lithuanian and latvian are a bit similiar , both are from the baltic language tree - latvian , lithuanian , prussian . 
  prussian language is dead , so there 's two of them . 
  estonian is more finnish than latvian/lithuanian . 
  why estonia was the one which did n't get touched in this picture ? 
  it 's not the majority . 
  i wonder how latvian is the # 3 language in latvia ... 
  by the way i always wondered . 
  if you usually have imperial system in maths , problems are in imperial , but if they just ask numbers ? 
  numbers are the same as in metric , and when americans count in imperial then they have a problem without sizes , just numbers , is it awkward ? 
  like 4 foot + 4 foot u get something bigger , but in just numbers you get 8 . 
  i wonder is it annoying . 
  one citation added, 
  i 'm on phone so finding citations is hard , but i 'll try, 
  of course it 's bad , the guy who said it said it in a manner like `` expect the worse . '', 
  anyways , it had nothing to do with it , i just replied to the part `` what this sub has become ? '', 
  i do n't know about post war emigration , but regarding pre-war emigration , lithuanians went to us and actually worked and did shit . 
  lithuanians and poles do the same thing in uk now . 
  most of the people who go to uk from these two countries are chavs , but most still work and help do shit . 
  they do the dirty work . 
  uk should deport every immigrant person who does n't work and not allow him milk money for free . 
  i do n't want my own countrymen to be useless burdens and a half . 
  muslims , on the other half , are exactly that . 
  80 % of somalis in the netherlands are unemployed , 50 % are claiming benefits . 
  they came from countries where they acquired 0 skills . 
  they are just bugs eating the system . 
  i would n't have anything against them if they would actually contribute to society . 
  i have nothing about legit immigrants who came here to actually do something , not only sit in ghettos and be delusional assholes thinking we owe them money . 
  why should i have anything against obama , who is an immigrant , but has all the skills to be the most powerful man in the western world and actually became one ? 
  why should i have anything against a black youtuber who is making millions of people laugh everyday ? 
  tell me how illegal immigrants help countries like spain in any way , to countries who sit on 30 % unemployment , have to pay welfare to most of them and then also pay huge money to these immigrants , who are just getting money to not wreck shit and be happy ? 
  they are just a ticking bomb , who requires a lot of resources to slow down . 
  once the resources will come to an end , expect something worse than a few shot boats . 
  `` i am used to just tell monologues on the internet between other people who think exactly the same !, 
  but wait , there is a person who thinks the other way !, 
  i do n't know how to prove one wrong !, 
  what this sub has become ?!?! '', 
  wonders of multiculturalism !, 
  when leaving one culture to join another is punishable by death , you ca n't have these two cultures together in one place . 
  lithuanian here . 
  i saw other things posted here , but more info why finland was attacked : on 1940 , soviet russia offered a treaty to lithuania , latvia , estonia and finland . 
  it was really an ultimatum , a demand though . 
  stalin always tried to make everything look legal as possible , so he offered lithuania to give vilnius back and get it back from the poles while lithuania would let the red army to enter and build bases in lithuania 's teritory . 
  soviet russia gave 24/48 hours for countries to decide . 
  lithuania , latvia , estonia accepted the ultimatum . 
  finland declined . 
  because of that , russia invaded finland . 
  oh and also , russia , prussia and austria divided and claimed polish-lithuanian commonwealth . 
  after that , russia banned lithuanian language , lithuanian press and letters ban ( people imported books from germany at that times , the struggle was real ) . 
  they also tried to distance lithuania from poland , that 's why the only lithuanian school in lithuanian lands was near poland - it was a school where all the intelligents grew up in and continued to push lithuania towards independence . 
  thing is , i 'm not from the states , but i am from lithuania and lithuania is really pushing the anti-russia propaganda well . 
  shit , front page of our news sites are always `` analysis '' of shit putin does . 
  however , who are you to talk ? 
  you just insulted americans , just as i said russians always do , blamed them for being propaganda targets and then you also said that it 's wrong to call others brainwashed . 
  you just confirmed my past comment and then kicked yourself in the balls as well . 
  you are still brainwashed . 
  let me tell you , most of the people in the us give zero fucks about putin or russia . 
  you just keep talking about the us even though the more far away from russia a person is , the less he cares about it . 
  want to see some anti-russian propaganda in action ? 
  look at ex warsaw pact and ussr states ( which is justified , because neither conservatives , nor liberals want to do anything with russia here ) . 
  you constantly blaming and crying wolf about america just proves how brainwashed you are . 
  really ? 
  yet strange how all russians on reddit talk about is how they are the targets of propaganda all the time and also find a way to blame us in their comments . 
  wake up , you 're just being brainwashed . 
  stop crying . 
  not really . 
  lithuania broke out on march 11 1990 . 
  cats n dogs innit, 
  i have finnish friends on the internet . 
  when we get onto skype , they talk finnish in a funny way , like they 're joking , accenting very hard . 
  not sure if that 's the jokey accent koreans are notorious of or do they really always talk like that . 
  if they do , their language is very funny . 
  i also like how they sometimes scream , but they still pause at their double t or sometimes talk in such delicacy like their tongue is very fragile . 
  examples : viiiit ... tuuuuuuu vitti ( almost sounds like latin vici ), 
  i do n't know if that 's what you are looking for , but we have a word that means `` we have n't gathered enough rabbit cabbages ourselves yet '' in lithuanian . 
  i mean , finland and denmark ended up way better out of warsaw pact and look at how ahead they are in terms of ... pretty much everything compared to poland or baltic states . 
  saying they helped with rebuilding after ww2 is stupid . 
  russians are good at doing work . 
  they even used to make hammers and shovels out of expensive metals . 
  russians would always do the hard work right . 
  well , calling everyone a sjw is bad , but shit / u/benthetraveler is still retarded . 
  if they would do such changes to subreddits everyone likes then you 'd be pissed . 
  you dislike ct and that 's why you do n't care about it . 
  lol exactly . 
  too bad libertarian party suddenly became popular in my country , while their reason of success were new bright and well designed posters everywhere . 
  never have i understood this reddit dogmas like `` let 16 year olds vote ! '' . 
  all it would do is bring more votes to the libertarian party , which ideas are already cancerous . 
  liberalism is too popular between young people ( redditors ) for / r/libertarian to be banned . 
  wait , / r/mensrights should be banned , but / r/feminism not ? 
  why ? 
  so you disagree with me and you start calling me a neckbeard ? 
  no wonder you want to ban everything you dislike , fucking hypocrite . 
  well , i do n't know the story behind wpd ban , but if it was only for germany , govt probably demanded it turned off . 
  of course providing access to reddit for 80 mllion people is more important than a few thousand who frequent that sub . 
  also , if reddit would n't have blocked it , local isps were to block it . 
  tho i do n't know why and how it got banned so i might be completely wrong . 
  of course . 
  just because you want coontown banned does n't mean it has to be banned .
