  if they were so wrong about everything , everyone would take ct as a joke , but people were so triggered by it they wanted it banned . 
  / r/shitredditsays stays , which breaks rules , wo n't use np mode , commits and admits to brigading , harasses every redditor they do n't like - stays up , not even quarantined . 
  oh also , they took personal info from every subscriber of quarantined subreddits , but i guess you are going to say it 's a good thing because you deem these people as very bad ones . 
  one of the main ct policy was to not break the rules because reddit needed a half of an excuse to ban it already . 
  then reddit changed their rules and banned ct , even quarantined antipozi . 
  / r/coontown did n't break the rules , so reddit changed the rules to ban them . 
  let that sink for a sec . 
  oh yeah and of course , it was all pao 's fault !, 
  pao resigned , same shit continues to happen , just noone blaming anyone . 
  her role was a perfect scapegoat . 
  or just leave them be . 
  they 're not our problem , it 's their own fault they did n't build a decent life for themselves there . 
  the worst part is that most of the post links in the original post are pro-immigration and usually just shows people 's opinions , more than `` x stabbed y in s ( probably sweden ) . '', 
  the story how / r/coontown was banned . 
  really ? 
  all of my internet friends from other countries tell me i 'm russian or polish . 
  all conservative parties have shy voters . 
  conservative party in my country gets double the votes of the polls . 
  well , if it actually got 66 % , then it was actually a pretty good way to prove that people actually want pvv in the government , which would n't be unlawful or anything . 
  not saying it 's going to happen , just saying that people like the ones in the comment chain should n't say pvv could n't get 66 % because it would be unlawful or whatever they are saying . 
  he did get elected to bundestag . 
  what the fuck . 
  well , in my country , `` labour party '' won which has a russian business man for a leader who was persecuted twice and even fled to russia . 
  their ratings in the past municipality elections are 0 % . 
  i know what you mean . 
  i 'm just saying you ca n't just say `` most people did n't vote anyway . '', 
  it 's their own fault they did n't vote . 
  we come to the conclusions not on a lack of data - we come to the conclusions on data itself . 
  you ca n't say tories are n't popular in uk when they won election so hard they got the majority all for themselves . 
  who cares if a lot of people did n't vote for them . 
  even less people voted for other parties . 
  it is what it is . 
  if that nationalist party you dislike is going to win - sucks to be you . 
  they are going to be the most popular party in the country . 
  fair and square . 
  period . 
  oh really ? 
  who decide that such qualities are undemocratic ? 
  what if the majority of people suddenly became racist overnight ? 
  could n't they just elect so called `` undemocratic '' parties like pvv ? 
  hitler was elected , just so you know . 
  that 's nicely vague and convenient for you . 
  someone you do n't like ? 
  you have no justification to run democratic institutions !, 
  if that kind of shit you want to win wins , you say it 's democracy . 
  when that kind of shit you do n't want to win wins , then `` more than half of the people did n't vote anyway . '', 
  happened in uk . 
  you sound too prolrtariat villager to be taken seriously . 
  majority voting for a party you do n't like ? 
  they are idiots and it 's going to be bad for the country if they win . 
  do n't like it ? 
  conquer croatia and become the dictator . 
  otherwise , stay put and let democracy do it 's thing . 
  because palanga is an infamous resort to the worst kind of people in lithuania : vatniks and villagers . 
  they have no clue how to speak english . 
  also , there are a lot of russians and belarussians , not a whole lot of poles . 
  they do n't need waiters and other kind of personnel to speak english . 
  that said though , 70 % of the poles i meet online can not speak english properly so not sure what do you expect from lithuanians relaxing in a villager resort . 
  this subreddit is n't biased at all . 
  let 's just randomly say `` religion is root of all evil , good that people are n't religious . '', 
  just let people do what they want , for fucks sake . 
  but sure , let 's start praising communism now because even communism is better than religion . 
  except that stalin was a christian . 
  you mean illegal immigrants ? 
  ## you have been banned from / r/europe for talking about immigration out of immigration megathread, 
   do n't get your hopes up folks . 
  why should we ? 
  that 's actually the best place to take the money from . 
  only village drunkards who do n't work could object . 
  `` the guys who invaded their country by sending troops even though the populatiom wanted it '', 
  the joke was that poles are n't considered humans or at least worthy humans . 
  unharmed . 
  actually , that 's how it works . 
  parties shares their doctrines and people then choose which they agree with . 
  you ca n't just vote ukip and say `` haha jk i 'm actually a leftie , just voted for the lolz '', 
  well , how else would you like me to describe it ? 
  nationalism does n't necesarily mean being racist towards poles in this situation , especially when nationalism rose in lithuania ever since then too . 
  chauvinism does n't hit close to home either . 
  do n't say that 's a bad thing . 
  so you agree that women should n't go to jail and all militiary bases must become natural habitats ? 
  anyways , green party is not really pressuring labour . 
  they are just stealing votes from labour , because fptp . 
  #you 've been banned from / r/europe for talking about * les imigrants * outside the megathread !, 
  lithuania and latvia such bros they do n't insult each other . 
  when lithuanians used to be pretty racist towards polish people , they used to say this one : in a traffic accident , 3 poles died and 1 injured , people remained scatheless . 
  mods ban me all you want i do n't care ( \u00b0 \u035c\u0296\u0361 \u00b0 ) \u256d \u2229 \u256e, 
   progressive hah, 
  a hectare is 10000 square meters , or 100x100 meters in a perfect square form, 
  sorry for not knowing swedish . 
  i 'm rather used to people speaking english around me . 
  would 've been faster , but lithuania delayed the project start because they wanted to somehow make vilnius relevant in the whole thing . 
  vilnius - kaunas is a very cheap train that exists . 
  they also use the best trains for this line , who are comfortable and fast so it 's not really a big deal . 
  the bigger deal for me is that the rail ends at warsaw/berlin . 
  not really convenient to get dropped in the middle of a big country , but there is n't really a better choice . 
  well , the loans were probably like 100 times bigger than lithuanian yearly budget , so probably a lot . 
  well , i think even finns say suome or suomi when talking about finnish people . 
  finland is an english thing . 
  thing is , most medieval history is mostly unknown . 
  historians argue and submit their own theories regarding specific events .
