i think it 's also the right thing to do . 
  at this point , politics is basically down to kindergarten level . 
  as in : the other guy has stolen my shovel , now i 'm mad and going to kick out all of there ambassadors . 
  demonstrating that you do the things better , that you accuse the other one of doing bad , is a very good move as well . 
  i was wondering what the yellow dot north of india and pakistan is . 
  i county i 've never heard of before . 
  before , after or both ? 
  well , there is n't really a precedent for that , that why it 's a legal uncertainty . 
  but i agree that it would have been ruled over by court , most likely . 
  should we try again with the world domination thing ? 
  edit : missing word, 
   now hundreds of thousands of people * with no right * to be in germany well , they do have a right to be here . 
  limited to germany , requiring permission to leave the country , limited time and so on . . my point is , accepted refugees and those who are still in the process are not illegal . 
  only those who got dined asylum and stayed are illegal . 
  that really impresses me , to be honest . 
  can someone explain to me why spain keeps that enclaves in marokko ? 
  they produce the horrible pictures of people climbing fences . 
  it 's quite cynical , but sinking boats on your coast would n't get you such a bad press . 
  edit : there are cities a lot bigger than i expected , i understand it now . 
  why the tank ? 
  11.75 $ for 20 cigarettes . . fuck , that 's expensive . 
  hamburg has nicer weather now !, 
  there is quite a big difference between migration and simply entering the country . 
  second after the dutch ? 
  the dutch ?!, 
  ** that means war !!, 
  sex in exchange for insects, 
  well , we have 4 in parlament right now . 
  2017 , it will probably be 6 . 
  you need 5 % to get into parlament . 
  woh , you have a lot of political parties . 
  i still like that word . 
  i understand your argument about sending the wrong message , but i still think ubi ca n't be introduced without studying its effects before . 
  the other thing is more interesting to me . 
  are you arguing that a parliamentary system and ubi ca n't work together well at all or would just the ubi related things be decided by someone else ? 
  if i understood you correctly , that someone would be a public vote , people voting on the amount of money everyone gets ? 
  okay , i see that this is n't the best trial possible , but trials are necessary . 
  bad spaghetti are better than no spaghetti . 
  who should control the amount of money than ? 
  i meant germany . 
  i did n't really consider differences in cost of living , tbh, 
  i 'm a student , can confirm , surviving with that amount is possible . 
  they are a beginning . 
  if i understood it right , the 2000 people will continue to get the money after they find a job . 
  the amount of money is easy to adjust and less important than the concept . 
  we will get ubi in europe sooner or later , capitalism and automation wo n't mix well otherwise , but introducing it will take quite a while , probably decades . 
  better do some small scale tests , that are not really the real thing than nothing . 
  my favorite is soya milk being renamed to soya drink , since only things coming out of animal boobs are milk . 
  eutererzeugnisse in german . 
  yes , there is a word for that . 
  there is n't a lot of meat in dog food either . 
  telling them to be afraid . 
  a newspaper does ot have feelings . 
  we have a lot of words . 
  `` angst '' just means fear , `` f\u00fcrchtet euch nicht '' could be translated with `` do not be afraid '' but it 's a quote from the bible which reads `` fear not '' in the/many/some / one english translation of it ( i think ? ) . 
  that 's why it 's translated with fear here . 
  economic migrants do n't get asylum . 
  there is the migration system for that . 
  you need a job offer from germany with 43,000 $ a year before tax no german or eu citizen has applied to . 
  you can ask for asylum of course and maybe get 1-3 years of welfare in germany before being denied . 
  you will not be allowed to work in that time . 
  442,000 request in 2015 . 
  albania 54 , 000 3 . 
  iraq 30 , 000 6 . 
  serbia 17 , 000 the acceptance rates vary widely between the groups , eastern europeans are at under 5 % , syrian refugees have quite high chances . 
  442,000 request in 2015 . 
  albania 54 , 000 3 . 
  iraq 30 , 000 5 . 
  serbia 17 , 000 the acceptance rates vary widely between the groups , eastern europeans are at under 5 % , syrian refugees have quite high chances . 
  they do n't care . 
  simple as this , not get out with all your explanations and facts . 
  jokes aside , thanks for your comment . 
  this really is something / r/europe has a hard time understanding . 
  i got to know 10 until know , a big family from damascus . 
  grandma , 5 sons . 
  three of them married with kids , two younger ones ( 18 and 21 ) . 
  they arrived here 18 months ago , make good progress learning the language and have one big wish , working . 
  making their living on their own . 
  they ca n't . 
  not because they would n't get a job , they are just not allowed to because the endless bureaucracy is not done yet . 
  they 've all got residence permissions for six months that is extended every 6 months , but they are not allowed to work . 
  two of the three dads even have a job offer already , the day they are allowed to , they will start working . 
  i do n't want to make a political comment out of this , only a personal experience . 
  i just want you to keep in that things might sometimes be more complicated than a headline suggests . 
  well , i think factoring in religion is not really a good idea . 
  frist it 's hard to combine with law and ethics but also , if you are really looking for economicly good migrants , there are just more important factors like education and job offers . 
  to the advertisement part , germany needs migration because of age reasons but you ca n't really go over a certain rate because more and more people would vote far right and nobody wants that . 
  edit : i can imagine germany did some advertisement for economicly good migrants in the part , but right now this rate is filled more or less by refugees and eu migrants . 
  ohm , ya , okay . 
  tbh , germany is maybe not in need of advertisement . 
  still / r/europe . . 
  oh , now i understand what you mean . 
  i do n't have any numbers on that . 
  the method you propose would be illegal , since the constitution prohibits religious profiling or what ever this would be called . 
  the used method to improve the net gain is to only let people in that have a job offer with over 43k ( or something like this ) a year before tax . 
  this does not apply to eu migrants and refugees , because net gain is not the driving factor for this kind of things . 
  i think not being a patriot is a very german thing . . edit : your totally right non the less , i met a few women in my life that have been born in germany and do n't speak the language really . 
  but that 's really a small minority . 
  could you link something ? 
  so that same statistic with muslims instead of people with a migration background ?
