  the muslim population in germany is somewhere around 5 % if i remember correctly . 
  without looking this up , i would guess that they 're also way younger than average . 
  about the unemployed , i doubt that there are serious statistics about this . 
  i do n't see why there should be any coralation . 
  guessing , i would assume a rate is comparable to the first statistic . 
  doing the math , around 7 % , compared to 4 % in germany in general . 
  but i 'm just guessing here . 
  this are people getting money because they are unemployed . 
  you ca n't be not looking for work and get money , because you need to write to a company asking for a job ( do n't know the english word right now ) a couple of times month to get that money . 
  you can of course write so bad letter that you will never get a job but that would still count as looking for a job . 
  i did not expect to see this one in this / r/europe . 
  interesting article non the less . 
  i think i 've heard that before somewhere ... 
  the best data i could find is from 3 years ago : https://www.google.de/amp/m.faz.net/aktuell/wirtschaft/menschen-wirtschaft/bundesagentur-fuer-arbeit-jeder-dritte-arbeitslose-hat-auslaendische-wurzeln-12677000.amp.html people in germany with a migration background ( also counting second and third generation migrants ) make up 1/3 of the unemployed , compared to 22 % of the total population at that time . 
  there are a lot of other factors involved in this , like family income and the education level of parents , that play a bigger role here . 
  for the german welfare system , this 22 % are extremely vital because they make up a big part of the working force due to relatively young age . 
  people in germany with a migration background are overall a huge net gain for the economy and the welfare system . 
  germanys population would just be too old otherwise . 
  depending on the statement . 
  you have to say really bad things for this to apply , it has mainly been made for old nazis or neo nazis who say ` hitler did the right thing , the holocaust did n't happen ' . 
  the statement i was referring to was  i know you germans see these things as humans , more fool you they 're human trash nothing more . 
  saying about a whole group of people , without any differentiation , that they are human trash and nothing more would be called dehumanizing and would be taken to court . 
  your statement would be repeated in media hundreds of times and also in public trial , so this is totally useless to suppress an unwanted opinion . 
  edit : repeated like in a quote , `` that bad guy is on trial because he said ... '' not like `` he 's right ' '' . 
  there was a time they did , that 's why we have that law . 
   you are the one who is saying he should have a lowered sentence , because of culture . 
   you are arguing against the exact opposite of what the court just decided . 
   you lack critical thinking skills . 
   you ca n't even read . 
   people like you who are actively trying to sweep ths under the rug deserve your day in the hague and then some . 
   ** redditor for one day ** please go back under the bridge you came from . 
  look , this discussion yesterday has not been about the crime , it has been about generalization . 
  about if it 's okay to speak about culture if some part of a population committed crimes . 
   you are the one who is saying he should have a lowered sentence , because of culture . 
  nope . 
  you just made that up . 
  agreed . 
   but plz do n't suggest we should ignore facts because it affects people . 
  oh god , please , not ignoring . 
  but also not selectivity share only news about crimes committed by refugees , because it might fit our prejudice . 
   we want a rational society yes , we do . 
  coming from opposite sides . 
  turned out more interesting than i thought it would . 
  kinda late over here , good night, 
  i really do n't understand that comment thing , your link took me to a comment with a youtube link , if i remember correctly , of some documentary ( deleted ) i responded to . 
  there was another comment ( deleted ) i responded to . 
  i did not delete any of my comments . 
  so , to my question , would you agree on that or not ? 
  i would really like to hear your answer . 
  that 's not my comment , it 's the comment i responded to . 
  okay , i think we got to the point where this is about the definition of culture and i do n't think we need to do this . 
  let 's see if we can agree on some basics . 
  * people getting attacked because of generalization is a bad thing * if ( and to be clear i do n't think this is the case , with the refugees coming to europe and child rape ) a group of people is more likely to do something bad , it 's not okay to say that they all do that thing or they are all likely to do that thing * if people do that , the ~ ~ change ~ ~ * chance * of other people doing point one is increased would you stay with me for that points ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  what comment ? 
  look , i 'm not saying that there is n't a problem . 
  my point is that it 's not a culture . 
  important to me is that people that did not hurt a fly do n't get attacked by dickheads who think they are evil because they come from somewhere . 
  saying that the whole population of a country is part of some ` rape culture ' is not helpful . 
  do n't generalize people , that 's all i 'm asking for . 
  guys accepting child rape ? 
  zero of course , it 's awful . 
  but if you question is how many people agreeing on something makes up a culture ... 5000 maybe . 
  if they live more or less together . 
  and share more than just that one thing like language and , you know , cultural stuff . 
  yep , we do . 
  we view all human beings as humans , including you . 
  and you would go to jail for saying this on the streets . 
  it 's called volksverhetzung , a thing we learned in the 30s and 40s . 
  it could have been a greek guy , would n't change a thing . 
  this is what happens when a legal system is not working and there is n't enough eu cooperation . 
  why another ? 
  he 's on trial for the first crime in germany now . 
  if the german legal system works as it should , there will / ( should ) be no other girl . 
  that guy has been a taxi driver . 
  edit : and a sick bastard , but that should be obvious . 
  it does nothing because that flood of criminals is not happening here . 
  there are quite a lot of people that came here to ask for asylum . 
  about a million give or take . 
  about half of them stayed and got asylum or has high chances to get it . 
  it does cost a lot of money . 
  it was in the beginning and , to a much lesser extent , is still a big logistical problem to find housing and so on for all the people . 
  they are learning the language , finding jobs and behave well . 
  not all of them , there are quite a few dickheads , but this is how people are , some are dickheads . 
  in germany , there has been one rape by a refugee , about a month ago in freiburg . 
  looking at 500.000 people , this is a lot less that is to be expected ( in terms of statistics ) . 
  other crime rates are also much lower . 
  we do have a big problem with neonazis lighting buildings on fire . 
  a few guys accepting it is certainly not a culture . 
  just a few assholes, 
  so ` kinderfickerei ' , which is the german slang term for sex with children , which is both illegal under civil code and the bible and has been committed by catholic priests hundreds of times is part of european culture ? 
  this is not how any if this works . 
  it 's not okay to rape children . 
  you will not find a group of people bigger than 5 saying something different on the planet . 
  okay , i 've phrased that not very good . 
  this is interesting and should not be deleted as local news . 
  but i would argue for a different reason . 
  this defense is so fucked up , that it is almost amusing . 
  committing such a horrible crime and saying such nonsense makes me wonder what the consequences will be in terms of punishment . 
  ( that 's why i clicked the link at least ) my point is that his has just as much political relevance as any crime committed by anyone .
