  the two resulting countrys ( second and third reich ) lost two world wars and committed horrible criems . 
  leaving out all ethics , that things would have been quite beneficial for the country , if they would have worked out . 
  one could argue that world domination is the biggest thing a courty can archive . 
  this lead to people associating patriotism with the brutal history of the country . 
  if someone says they want the german government to first of all act in the national interest , other people will ask , if this goes as far as invading other countries and killing whole ethic groups again . 
  of course it does n't , nobody wants that , still the words are bound to what they meant 70 years ago . 
  that said about the meaning of those words to most germans , there is also something else : people are proud of not being proud of the country they live in . 
  99.999 % of the good things in a country were not affected by you . 
  you just happed to were born there . 
  for most germans , accepting that and saying they are only proud of stuff they have pertisipated in is logical . 
  this gives them a feeling of rationalism ( comparable to atheists maybe ) and also the opportunity to say they do not feel any guilt for the crimes committed in the 3rd reich , because they had nothing to do with them . 
  tl ; dr : germans ca n't be proud of germany and unresposible for the holocaust at the same time , so they choose to be neither . 
  there were like 100 people with norwayn flags casually walking around in the city park in hamburg yesterday . 
  this explains that . 
  voting by mail is not possible for turks , they have a law against it if i remember correctly, 
  since there is no german comment yet . . it 's complicated . 
  most stuff is done via ` lastschrift ' basically allowing someone to draw money from your bank account . 
  this is not always supported , because the fees for the shop are quite big ( i think ? ) . 
  credit cards are usually accepted but not very popular among customers . 
  paypal has quite a share . 
  there are some german services , for example sofort\u00fcberweisung , which work similar to paypal . 
  they are also not extramly popular among shops and customers . 
  than there is the classic billing , where people send a letter to you and you and you send them money via bank transfer . 
  lastschrift and snail mail billing are the most popular among customers , followed by paypal . 
  credit card is the most accepted among shops . 
  the situation is n't great over all . 
  there is this bielefeld thing ... 
  it all began with a paper town ( https://www.mnn.com/lifestyle/arts-culture/stories/paper-towns-and-other-lies-maps-tell-you ) in germany named bielefeld . 
  some germans thought it was funny to convice people that this city actually exits . 
  it has a wikipedia article and stuff and because more meta = more fun , there is even an article stating that bielefeld does exist and it 's non-existens is just a conspiracy . 
  ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bielefeld_conspiracy ), 
  the tax thing is a problem imo . 
  ehegattensplitting should be there for every couple or not at all . 
  if the plan is ( like the csu pretends ) to support children , connect the tax credit to children in some way . 
  but you are still right in what you said , the conunity that is really mad about this is quite small , it 's more of a prinipil problem . 
  i think german culture just used to be more common in the us . 
  while i not agree with / u/cyberpunkredditician at all the points he made , he is right that violent crimes are committed quite uniformly by all kinds of groups . 
  the only thing you can say about who commits violent cimes is that younge males are a lot more likely to do . 
  you are absolutely right about violent crime rates going down all over the west , it 's quite sad that we as a society are not able to keep up . 
  depending on what country you are comparing germany to , we had a very low rate to begin with , so not getting them down further is n't a big deal . 
  still , it 's a bad thing . 
  non the less , biggest problem ? 
  i do n't think so . . 10 % in some areas sound a lot , but remember that some violent cimes are also less likely . 
  if we do n't chary pick the ones with the biggest increase but only look at violent crime as a whole , the increases of the last year 's are n't very alarming . 
  2007 were a peek , rates fall and started raising again . 
  we really do have bigger problems . 
  this is more of a statistical hickup . 
  there were 218000 cases in 2007 . 
  life in germany was n't very dangerous in 2007 , nor is it today . 
  it 's a sad thing , that crime rates are n't going down consistently like they are in other countries , but saying a smal increase without much statistical relevance is our nations biggest problem is a little bit of an exaggeration , i believe . 
  that rates are not existing . 
  in the name of the german invadors , i apologise . 
  german and french soldiers were n't fighting there , or did they ? 
  were did they came from ? 
  totally true , but i think asking about one specific group is n't disrespectful to the others . 
  a grade grandmother who had a depression in the 1930s . 
  it has been a bad time for that in the 3rd reich , since she was not a strong working member of the herrenrasse ( aryan master race ) she and all other pations of the psychological hospital she was in died from a lung infection . 
  on the same day . 
  this has not been public information of cause , so most of the family was n't too sceptical about it . 
  of cause nobody had a lung infection , the mentality ill were the first test subjects of the gas chambers . 
  the doctors who worked on the perfection of the killing process and the logistics involved noted everything with zinical persision . 
  she died 500km from home in southern germany , in the basement of a 200m2 house . 
  in the same basement , multiple thousand people were killed with rentless efficiency , testing different gases like carbon monoxide and cyclone for the large scale use . 
  her two sons grew up with her sister and became soldiers ( like most young men ) , while her aunt told them they were fighting for their mothers murders . 
  she was the only one who suspected something horrible happened to her sister back then , i think . 
  my grandfather , the younger of the two boys , became 94 years old and died two years ago . 
  he talked very much about how nice the british were while he had been a prisior of war . 
  i think he felt guilty for his mothers death all his adult life . 
  nope . 
  i would go with the french . 
  quite comparable in a lot of ways but different enough to be an easy target for jokes of all kinds and a little jealousy . 
  they make a good friendly rival . 
  the netherlands and austria are like niche rivals in specific domains , but i would like to consider them to unimportant to become our official full sized rivals . 
  mainly just to piss them off , to be honest . 
  1/10 maybe . 
  learning german is n't so uncommon , i think . 
  i have one , it 's from my grandparents . 
  i rarely use it . 
  i will move to a new apartment in a few weeks where i wo n't have one . 
  i know quite a few people who have one but not a single one who uses it more than 20 % of the time . 
  air drying is the norm . 
  it 's a fate community . 
  we are in this together , we who were born here , we who came here , we whos ancestors lived here for a thousand years . 
  let 's take it as it is and take the pragmatic approach . 
  learned british in school and quickly switched to us-american , because of original movies and tv series . 
  there surly are british nationalists . . 
  this is kinda different , because the is an extra layer ( gb ) in between . 
  that was 4 months ago ... 
  i 'm afraid i forgot that as well ... 
  young germans speak okayish english , they have to learn it in school from 3rd to 10th ( or 12th or 13th ) grade , but with varying levels of success , not on a dutch or scandinavian level but better than french , i guess . 
  a little less than half learn a 3rd language in grade 7 to 10/12/13 . 
  the school system is somewhat complicated . 
  most people forget absolutely everything about the 3rd language the moment they get out of school , especially the one who learned latin . 
  older germans speak cavemen english with a very hard german accent , most of the time . 
  this is only true if you make the income so high that not enough people work enough hours to sustain the production of stuff . 
  if this thing happens , the government reduces the universal income until enough people work . 
  the point is not give everyone so much money that nobody has to work . 
  it is to spread the classic paid work , that needs to be done in a society , fairly across the population . 
  if you give everyone the minimum amount of money to live ( and i mean minimum , think about social benefits in your country right now minus a few euro ) and they are free to earn all the money they want on top , people can choose to demand a higher wage for a job that 's so shitty , that they are not willing to do it for under x $ per hour or that they will only work part time . 
  right now , people are theoretically forced to work full time for a living , while supply and demand of jobs regulates the salaries .
