   however , i 'd be comfortable to say without actually checking the statustics that the majority of these rapes are not committed by recently arriving refugees . 
  they are not . 
  how many recently arriving refugees are there in europe ? 
  how many others ? 
  to make up for that , refugees would be 250x ( or something as big ) more likely to commit such a crime . 
  come on . . 
  there is no evidence refugees or even first generation migrants are in anyway more likely to commit any crime ( not counting border things other people ca n't be guilty of by definition ) . 
  the reason some people think refugees are committing crimes all over the place is that articles like this sell better and get read more often if they are about the most horrible crime and have a migrant or someone from a small group like a jew as bad guy . 
  my argument is , if any random rape committed by an migrant is noteworthy outside the city it happened , than any rape in general should be . 
  if you write about and share only one type , people will start feeling like only tjis group of people does horrible things or at least they do it more often . 
  filtering here is not a good idea . 
  saying that an article has international relevance because of that is where the cat bites its tail . 
  writing about everything a migrant did and not writing about anything else does not make it politicaly interesting that only migrants and crimes are in the news . 
  why would you say this is more interesting than the other raped children in europe ? 
  europe is big , there is a lot of shit happening . 
  99 % are local news , because they are only interesting for locals . 
  this one is also interesting for others , because of the guys defense being so fucked up . 
  tell me a group of people living together , sharing traditions and values , which one of the traditions or values being to do something like that to little boys . 
  this is nobodys culture . 
  an individual doing something is not a culture . 
  aaand here we go , who 's trying first to tell me that he did it because of some evil culture or his genes ? 
  well it is lokal news . 
  the defense if the guy is interesting that 's why it 's here . 
  * please do n't start renting about migrants and refugees . 
  he just said his post is not about the guy being a migrant , why the fuck do you keep talking about it ? 
  there are ass holes everywhere . 
  i sad do n't !, 
  some say , money . 
  but maybe they are just bad people . 
  because the government let them . 
  but do n't ask why that was the case . 
  trust me , we all are . 
  sometimes not even at night but on a sunday at 11 am in a train where you ca n't escape . 
  and they are drunk as fuck . 
  the girls are worse than the boys , most of the time . 
  pink shirts with some unfunny joke on them and very uncomfortable . 
  still , it 's not really a ` crime ' if you ask me . 
  thanks and sorry for ~ ~ the confusion ~ ~ messing up !, 
  the system i mean is a one everyone get some money and works for money on top . 
  in lower wages of cause . 
  come on , do n't go down on that level . 
  is n't that shit just what made you angry about his comment ? 
  altho i agree with what you are saying , talking to people can sometimes be bullying , depending on what you are saying and in which situation . 
  non the less , it 's not illegal in most cases , that 's why there are zeugen jehovas knocking on peoples doors . 
  i do n't know about other european countries but in germany there are quite often bachelor party groups walking down the streets , dressed in shitty costumes that kinda look like uniforms trying to convince people that they are the liquor police and you have do buy shots from them to finance the wedding . 
  as stupid as this is , a law like you are proposing would be a drastic cut to german culture . 
  do n't take the last part to seriously . 
  that 's just not true . 
  i 'm a programmer working in automation . 
  to be honest , i think in the long run we will need this kind of system desperately . 
  there is work every where but the amount of it in forms of paid jobs is getting smaller and smaller , i do n't say we need it now , but we will need it sooner or later , since the gap between poor and rich will get way to big otherwise . 
  more automated low wage jobs , more competition for this jobs and even lower wages . 
  with a basic income of some sorts people are not forced to do a bad paid and unsatisfying job to survive , resulting in higher wages and a more even split of the fewer paid jobs in industry between the workers , without a financial drawback for them . 
  such a system could be financed by the money welfare systems use right now , plus , if needed , some extra tax on highly automated industries or people who work in them . 
  yes , this could very well include me . 
  it 's not 100 % fair , it 's not perfect but it 's the thing we will need sooner or later . 
  i think that 's the number one criteria for this being a good idea in the first place . 
  i hope not . 
  but to be honest , i imagine 28 european countries to decide on a country to start a war in . 
  you have a very good argument . 
  i hope that , if it ever exists , a european army would be more scary with fewer people and equipment than 28 smaller ones . 
  maybe military spending could be cut under the cold war nato mark of 2 % and we can buy the status quo in terms of defense and related diplomatic weight with less money . 
  this would ~ ~ most likely ~ ~ be only a defensive army . 
  european countries have stopped invading each other , but they will most likely never be able to agree on a single country to invade , even if they wanted to . 
  sounds good . 
  maybe a military that 's not going to go to war anywhere before a 2-4 year discussion is n't that bad over all . 
  i love how luxembourgers voted to like the idea of a european army , i 'm totally not sure about this but i heard once in a joking manner that they 've got like 180 soldiers and the last time they went to ware came back home with 181 , because they made a new friend on the way . 
  to be fair , it 's a lot easier . 
  `` my life is bad and has been for a long time . 
  why is that ? 
  because of the who just came here . '', 
  does n't make much sense , but you know what you are angry about and whos fault it is . 
  is n't that worth something ? 
   i know , this is a germans paradise , which is a fitting explanation why there are quite a few germans that think being a refugee is wonderful . 
  this just made my day , sir . 
  come on , i did not get asylum so i will work for the mafia ? 
  most wo n't run away and those who do will work unregistered in construction and other uneducated jobs and have quite a disappointing life , like all illegal immigrants everywhere ( technically they are not illegal immigrants in germany , but thats already explained elsewhere ) . 
  if they start robbing gas stations , will will be arrested quickly , if not , they will do no harm and get arrested eventually . 
  why do be need checkpoints in the streets , just because of a few thousand denied refugees ? 
  as things stand , nato has overwhelming military superiority over any imaginable threat against it . 
  they 'd still have that if all nato countries halved their military spending . 
  thank you . 
  i think the 2 % stuff is a bit cold war . 
  20 billion . 
  to answer your question . 
  well , having it is expensive . 
  65 billion in case of germany . . 
  again , i do n't see how that helps . 
  i do n't see how 2 % save us a 3rd world war . 
  is this about fairness between nato members or preparation of a war between the nato and someone ? 
  no , and the the difference will be even bigger comparing the european nations . 
  i doubt that too , but that 's cherry picking . 
  the percentage of people in the us that are okay with interracial marriage varies a lot by state i think . 
  i do n't think the questions are compatible , since one is general and the other specifically about someones own children . 
  just curious , what 's the upload speed ? 
  or they are not and that 's why they do n't happen . 
  ohu , i did n't even remember writing that comment . 
  i ca n't speak for all germans of course , but most do see patriotism as a less good thing as people from other nations do . 
  the reason for that is the german history . 
  the country united very late for european standards and people were more patriotic and nationalistic then else where , like they normally are in young countrys .
