  he was n't middle eastern either . 
  cute try . 
  what is this ? 
  do you truly believe that ? 
  do n't deny that . 
  you 'd expect it from brussels . 
  obviously that 's ideally what we 'd prefer , but it 's simply unrealistic . 
  he realised he fucked up with his logic , and utterly failed to save face . 
  so hysterical . 
  damn . 
  brexit threads get so emotional . 
  i thought you continentals can now get on with your federalisation process with us out the way . 
  you should be happy . 
  heartbreaking and sick . 
  yep . 
  he got that wrong . 
  it 's usually * uk * and europe . 
  you do know rutte said that , right ? 
  i love how you tried to suppress your bitterness but utterly failed . 
  i do n't deny that . 
  telegraph definitely does spin stuff . 
  what i do have a problem with is people pretending the guardian and the independent do n't but the telegraph does . 
  it then just becomes obvious that they are opposing because it goes against their political views . 
  they hate it because it goes against their views , but it is still a respectable paper that they ca n't easily trash like the dm or express . 
  you can smell it from a mile away . 
  oh please . 
  you 'll get over it . 
  reddit is just an echo chamber . 
  i 'm sure most europeans do n't give a shit . 
  chances are most uk expats in europe are remainers . 
  good god , that thread was filled with so many emotional users . 
  i thought you would want the north back anyway ? 
  i 'm sure you 've convinced them to stay now . 
  maybe because the eu and europe are n't the same thing ? 
  guess the circumstances have changed . 
  although , if scotland votes to remain again , i ca n't see them getting another independence referendum in a long time . 
  that 's cute . 
  these people need professional help . 
  it is known . 
  scotland should honestly leave . 
  fool . 
  with accepting schengen and the euro ? 
  no chance . 
  how many times is this going to get posted ? 
  compared to other countries . 
  i may be wrong though . 
  come on . 
  let them have their fun . 
  they 're not doing anyone any harm . 
  i do n't like the eu or want to be part of it but if countries want to remain , we should not seek the destruction of it . 
  i think it 's safe to say germans are quite pro eu . 
  agreed . 
  it 's best we stay apart . 
  we 're have vastly different goals than the rest of the eu . 
  reddit does n't represent europe . 
  because we 're part of the `` axis of evil '' with russia and the u.s according to many continentals . 
  what are you even blabbing on about ? 
  awww . 
  that 's cute . 
  who said it was n't a problem ? 
  but they still post multiple brexit articles which is your whole point is n't it ? 
  but they do n't care . 
  just because you asked them to stop , it does n't mean they will . 
  you 're quite frankly wasting your time . 
  do you mind me asking why you 're almost always amongst one of the first users to comment on brexit articles ? 
  `` but , but , that does n't count ! '', 
  she knows exactly what he meant . 
  she was just being deliberately obtuse . 
  and here i was thinking you loved the uk . 
  guess i was wrong then eh ? 
  the washington post is n't british . 
  think before you type . 
  lol . 
  i would n't go as far as ` far right ' . 
  romania , slovakia , and bulgaria have a higher rate . 
  laughable . 
  do tell us more you expert of the uk . 
  tell us how you really feel . 
  i guess the same is vice versa . 
  this ought to be fun . 
  * sigh *, 
  i do n't deny that some regret it , but it is so overblown . 
  very clever . 
  god no . 
  ok , that 's just stupid . 
  well many brexit voters did acknowledge there will be economic hardship but still voted brexit for the `` greater good '' . 
  they never asked you to return your territory . 
  they asked you to return crimea . 
  and then the comments pretends none of this happens lol . 
  not bothered anyway , its just the way the cookie crumbles . 
  lol . 
  oh , you 're serious . 
  spanking is fine , but some parents can take it too far . 
  shameful . 
  we need to get back to the 2 % asap . 
  these rioters obviously do n't care about the guy who was `` accidentally '' raped . 
  continentals too . 
  seen many `` you 're not european anymore '' comments from many continentals . 
  i 'm afraid that 's too convenient for this case . 
  the whole point of this conversation was the proportion of pro eu trolls and anti eu trolls in the thread .
