  oh and do n't worry , you humour me too . 
  oh no mate . 
  you dismissed countless comments . 
  nope . 
  you probably just did n't expect anyone to dissect your edgy comment . 
  and no both these nationalists and these federalists aggressively poison the comments constantly . 
  nothing to say ? 
  thought so . 
  it is to the same extent , and it is dependent on the stance of the article that determines the proportion of pro eu and anti eu trolls . 
  because of content of the article is stating that brexit is not going to have as big of an effect as they expected , this annoys many of the pro eu trolls as they of course want brexit to be economically damaging to the uk . 
  it is obviously visible in this thread , however i do accept that the same happens vice versa . 
  these brexit threads are different . 
  shit is being thrown from both sides constantly . 
  aww you think me pointing out that there are both pro eu and anti eu trolls makes me think that either side is justified . 
  it does n't make it any less true . 
  both eu and uk trolls as always . 
  `` i 'm 1/128 jute '', 
  what about calling romanians gypsies ? 
  it easily annoys the romanians on here . 
  `` the falklands are argentinian '', 
  highly unlikely if we have to join the eurozone and schengen . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  i think it 's just because you are a catholic southern european country , so we assume your conservative . 
  inaccurate i know . 
  not a surprise really . 
  rather broad . 
  spain gives the impression of being very conservative . 
  what has brexit go to do with gay people ? 
  sure . 
  some say that us leaving has strengthened the resolve of the europhiles . 
  i do n't think italians care about uk media . 
  foolish . 
  why would brexiters want associate eu membership ? 
  it 's from a nato perspective , not an eu perspective . 
  rather tame for dm . 
  us going back would piss off both sides . 
  nah not really . 
  i think most just want nothing to do with europe . 
  idiot . 
  i think you know the answer to that question . 
  good . 
  this was expected . 
  brexit will still go through anyway . 
  i do n't agree with him , but it 's a bit obvious what he 's talking about . 
  latvia 's is ... interesting . 
  shatup !, 
  he 's a super athlete . 
  bahahaha !, 
  spain supporting independence movements ? 
  i know the catalonians will get on board for that . 
  ours has decreased a lot , but it is still the highest in western europe . 
  wait . 
  are you telling me people have different reasons for not liking the eu ? 
  out of this world !, 
  ca n't blame them . 
  reddit is merely an echo chamber . 
  most europeans probably do n't care about brexit . 
  whatever shall we do . 
  do n't pretend you 're sad . 
  can smell that from a mile away . 
  oooh . 
  cuts deep . 
  so sad . 
  but what is there to be emotional about ? 
  exactly . 
  people are simply deluded if they thought we 'd remain in the single market . 
  so why is everyone getting pissed off if we are leaving the single market . 
  you should be happy . 
  was n't the comment about uk politics `` whataboutism '' in relation to the original comment ? 
  lol . 
  well duh . 
  that was the point of course . 
  ooohh . 
  sounds fun . 
  shame . 
  this is one emotional thread . 
  awww . 
  do n't hurt our feelings . 
  no shit , sherlock !, 
  why would russia join the eu ? 
  any other nationalities that we apparently hate want to come forward ? 
  no trump fan at all , but he is right here . 
  was to be expected . 
  i pity them . 
  ok i support brexit , but that was just stupid . 
  huge loss . 
  same here in the uk . 
  worse thing is when you 're on the bus . 
  that one confused me as well . 
  i never knew bulgarian women were known for being blonde . 
  does that also apply to croatia , finland , and ireland ? 
  i think it 's good for both the eu and uk in the long run . 
  both have completely different goals . 
  friendly neigbours , not pissed off roomates . 
  still trying to push the `` regrexit '' i see . 
  so much hysteria as usual . 
  someone from belgium of all places is calling another country dreary ? 
  lol . 
  that 's incredibly simplified do n't you think ? 
  awww .
