  it 's ok . 
  * pretends to be shocked *, 
  are black americans not part of the us ? 
  surprised with finland . 
  i 'm no fan of the eu but this is cringeworthy . 
  cute try , but this is in romania . 
  this is getting stupid now, 
  not many brits say they are vey close to americans . 
  but australians/kiwis are more similar . 
  nothing to do with brexit . 
  i do n't identify with being european even though i technically am . 
  i am proud to be british though . 
  many do n't want either . 
  the uk has barely been considered progressive so i do n't know where you got that from . 
  just be honest . 
  positive news about the uk kills you inside . 
  how many times is this going to get posted ? 
  i think there are more brits in australia than the rest of the eu combined . 
  you 're expecting civilised debate on a brexit thread on r/europe ? 
  the government thought only tens of thousands would come . 
  approving of the meeting does n't mean they like trump or even sympathise with him . 
  they were rejoicing the deaths of old people who had voted for brexit once . 
  they 're despicable . 
  leave would win by an even bigger majority . 
  the `` european love '' would 've backfired greatly . 
  mozart , that piece of shit . 
  i do n't think you truly believe the eu wants the uk to adopt the euro for the uk 's benefit . 
  i 'd say russia , us , turkey , sweden , the uk , and occasionally poland/hungary get the most hate on r/europe . 
  i 'll be surprised if they do . 
  what a flop . 
  the independent makes the guardian seem like the bbc these days . 
  that 's what i thought as well . 
  continentals have been complaining about the uk halting integration for ages . 
  it is best we part ways . 
  not trying to start an argument but , why ? 
  i would n't say so . 
  most people on / r/europe just prefer roi over the uk . 
  ` witty ' metaphors incoming . 
  what do you mean by europhilia ? 
  i think that would just piss off both sides . 
  it 's not healthy to get mad at insignificant things . 
  the european experts of the uk are out in force again . 
  when we say `` asian '' it mainly refers to south asia , not east asia . 
  i thought we were little america since 2003 ? 
  i do n't think the europeans care too much . 
  messed up . 
  you were so desperate to sneak in that last sentence were n't you ? 
  kinda unnecessary . 
  he 's just desperately trying to save face . 
  aww , that 's cute . 
  yeah . 
  this exchange is interesting . 
  were you meant to post this somewhere else ? 
  not all minorities . 
  just one specific religion . 
  second victim has been identified as eight-year old saffie rose roussos . 
  sweden , germany , and belgium have been attacked too . 
  summer is coming . 
  safe to say slovakia does n't give a shit . 
  waste of money and time . 
  supermarket . 
  look , i know you like making jabs at britain , but this quite the stretch even for you . 
  you can do better than that . 
  only time i watched it was with that bearded drag queen . 
  strange to say the least . 
  there was no vote on freedom of labour . 
  i do n't know where you got that from . 
  better watch out for macron then . 
  overload at this point . 
  france just has an election , but no brexit has to be mentioned again . 
  will this sub ever move on from brexit ? 
  the `` what about trump ? '', 
  and `` what about brexit ? '', 
  was the most annoying thing in the run up to the french elections . 
  i 'm loving the juxtaposition there . 
  depends on if it 's considered a dialect or a language though . 
  meh i 've heard worse . 
  point is you most likely would n't have typed that if you that if you did n't think it was a british website . 
  come on . 
  just admit you fucked up because you thought it was a british website . 
  nothing overwhelmingly positive or negative . 
  i just think the uk is n't compatible with it . 
  with us gone i expect more integration moving forward . 
  ca n't imagine cornwall and devon lighting up that much . 
  continentals have been saying that for years . 
  keep up . 
  of course . 
  how could i forget . 
  france is n't a safe country ? 
  so hysterical . 
  bless your heart . 
  why would they do that ? 
  sounds more like ireland tbh . 
  wales voted to leave . 
  at least get it right . 
  i personally think that 's bullshit . 
  i think merkel opened the borders due to your declining demographics . 
  you 're deluded if you think the independent and the guardian are hoping for a domino effect . 
  most uk hate on here is usually comes from the french , belgians , romanians , and irish . 
  do you really care ?
