is n't japan second ? 
  is n't japan second ? 
  is n't japan second ? 
  probably more that we feel closer to some other non-european countries than most european countries . 
  i can imagine you salivating when you read the title and when you were typing . 
  not syria 's or north korea 's ? 
  it does n't make sense anyway since you 're independent . 
  no one said it did . 
  i 'm quite sure most countries only want immigration for talent . 
  pro-eu sentiments and anglophobia do tend to sometimes correlate , but yeah , i 'm not sure anyone though the belgians hated us . 
  it seems to correlate with the flairs on here too . 
  * crickets *, 
  i cringe when they call it the `` european family '' . 
  i doubt the eu would want us in again to stifle their progress of federalisation . 
  i also doubt that the uk would want to join with having to join schengen and the eurozone . 
  whilst i do n't deny that some brexiters want the eu to collapse , i doubt it is anywhere close to 50 % of leavers . 
  but these were the only options given . 
  this was obviously constructed to make it seem like these were leave voter priorities . 
  in reality , these are just viewed as additional perks . 
  who cared about skilled migrants ? 
  daily mail has many international users though . 
  not likely to happen . 
  do n't give them the reaction they want . 
  that bitterness and anger must be crippling you in the inside . 
  i pity your existence . 
  i really would n't worry or stress about it . 
  that 's just the way it is , and it has intensified since article 50 . 
  eventually , they 'll get over it . 
  it has intensified since article 50 , but at this point , i honestly do n't care . 
  if you do it so much , it starts to lose its effect . 
  awww . 
  real life uk is nothing like r/unitedkingdom . 
  the sub is extremely left wing . 
  green party voters outnumber conservatives . 
  that just shows how different it is to the country . 
  the horror !, 
  probably freedom of movement . 
  i think most understand that , just that those who cry about punishment shout the loudest . 
  absolutely . 
  in fact many on there think r/europe is too right wing , but it 's all a matter of perspective i guess . 
  absolutely . 
  we 're far too different . 
  yep . 
  r/europe is much more open to other opinions than r/unitedkingdom and that 's saying something . 
  it originally happened about 2 years ago if i remember . 
  but is n't this expected ? 
  europol is tied to the eu . 
  they 'll still be cooperation on this anyway . 
  it will take a lot of strength and endurance i guess . 
  was he bothered in the first place ? 
  some of it you can tell it shitposting , a lot of it is n't . 
  you can tell many are very emotional and hysterical . 
  `` miss ? '' . 
  we 're not going anywhere . 
  no / r/europe is n't representative of europe at all . 
  i doubt the average person in latvia or slovakia cares about brexit . 
  the saltiness will die down for a bit , and when a pivotal moment in the negotiations occurs , they 'll get emotional again . 
  it 's cute . 
  not surprised with the irish , but the belgians and romanisns are extra salty for what ever reason . 
  hmm . 
  from generally analysing the comments over time , you see that every time the uk takes a step to leave the eu , that 's when the continentals on here get very emotional . 
  same thing happened when the withdrawal from the single market was annpunced , as well as the handing over of article 50 . 
  i think all of this is a coping mechanism . 
  fool . 
  she seems like the only competent possible leader right now . 
  she also has fairly descent approval ratings . 
  james cameron is quite intelligent as he directed the two best selling films of all time . 
  one big difference is what we want the eu to be . 
  i think it 's interesting to look at the flairs of the bitter comments . 
  from what i 've seen the most bitter tend to come from : ireland ( understandable as it affects them a lot ) , romania , france ( no surprise ) , and belgium . 
  the most chilled tend to be the scandinavians , dutch , and polish . 
  everyone else varies a lot . 
  sure . 
  he looks like he 's about to blow up . 
  you 're celebrating a terror attack in which innocent people died ? 
  go fuck yourself . 
  control your emotions . 
  you sound hysterical . 
  ugh finally . 
  i know that 's what you want , but none of those economic predictions have been made . 
  i 'm not sure how committed we 'd be if we were to return . 
  even amongst remainers , schengen and the euro are hugely unpopular . 
  probably , but i 'd say the european sentiment regarding the uk is in more economical context , whereas british sentiment regarding scotland is more emotional . 
  that 's why i do n't get the upset continentals . 
  surely you 'd be happy that we 're no longer blocking your desired federalisation process . 
  both sides will get along better after brexit . 
  and what is this `` deep psychological wound '' then ? 
  i 'm sure this was posted to generate logical and positive discussion amongst the users . 
  definitely no ulterior motives at all . 
  mhmm . 
  man , you continentals are sure obsessed with the empire . 
  ok . down-voting you may have a point , but accusing the mods of removing it because it 's pro-uk ? 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  many wanted to get rid of freedom of movement . 
  england is hated on this sub and scotland is loved . 
  also it is implied that scotland 's independence is pro eu as they want to join again . 
  this guy is awfully strange . 
  never saw that coming at all . 
  cars seems to be their new thing . 
  when we say asian we mean south asian .
