  i grew up in a swedish reformed free church , and my father was , and is , a pastor . 
  lost my faith around 15 -16 , and after that it was a long process of adapting to my new `` lack of beliefs '' , including accepting evolution , big bang , etc. 
  i was severely depressed for long periods after that , and part of that i guess had to do with the thought of no afterlife , which to this day scares the crap out of me , and is one of the few things that can give me near panicattacks if i think about too long . 
  i 've mostly settled into my new atheist life by now , but the whole no-afterlife thing is still very unsettling to me , and really all i can do is hope that there is something , whatever it might , at least something . 
  quite a manly voice for such a tiny girl, 
  got it , but have n't seen it yet . 
  heard good things about it though . 
  a lot of talented people involved and i hear it has a cannibalistic cunnilungus scene which ... intrigues me . 
  swede here , and yes a literal translation would be candy foam . 
  it is simillar to marshmallows but more chewy . 
  regarding your friends question though i am fairly sure that ingvar kamprad , the founder of ikea , is an atheist , and that most of the swedes in charge of the company are atheists as well . 
  just because he is n't a politician now that does n't mean he ca n't become one . 
  unfortunately it 's happening all over europe , in almost every country . 
  compared to some of the other countries , our problem party is fairly small ... 
  it 's possible , but if he is religious it would seem he is keeping it strictly private . 
  ca n't find a single reference online about it , from swedish media or international . 
  i think it 's most likely he just does n't care about it , or that he threw it away with the rest of the messed up beliefs he had when he was younger . 
  technically i did n't say that most swedes are atheists , i said that i thought most of the swedes in charge of ikea were atheists . 
  but you are probably right , and that would apply to both sweden as a whole and ikea as a company . 
  perhaps `` predominantly non-religious '' would be a better term then . 
  that 's such a mouthful to use in conversations though ... 
  best . 
  movie . 
  ever . 
  when i went to high school in sweden we were one day told that the school had banned t-shirts featuring swedish flags , because apparently some of these t-shirts were sold on sites owned by neo-nazis , and since there were no way for the teachers to identify which t-shirts were sold on those sites , all t-shirts featuring swedish flags ( and thor 's hammer ) were banned . 
  anyway this was a huge deal for a few weeks and made the national news and all that , and of course all the spoiled students went bananas , turning every other lesson into one long argument about why we were not allowed to be proud of our country etc. 
  oh and then there was supposed to be a nazi demonstration outside of the school , which ended up being three beafy , skinheaded dudes with beards standing for a few hours looking disgruntled . 
  several of the immigrant kids had fun walking up to them and trying to provoke them . 
  and in the end we of course had one big anti-racist day to try to get the school together again , which half the school skipped ( not because they were racists , but because it was lame and boring ) . 
  a few weeks later everyone had forgotten about it , and a year later people had t-shirts with swedish flags again . 
  tl ; dr - school banned t-shirts with flags . 
  people got butthurt . 
  in the end noone actually cared . 
  that was a good read . 
  and in some ways , though ( much ) less overtly violent , painfully familiar . 
  this guy nailed it . 
  because weed is a hell of a lot safer than heroin , which is what mewes was doing . 
  did you save him with dungeons and dragons ? 
  upvote because crusader kings 2 . 
  also the new expansion is fun , granted if they had to do a fantasy dlc i 'd rather they 'd gone all the way and introduced zombies or ctulhu or whatever , but for what it is it 's a nice mid/late-game threat for the western nations . 
  unless you 're in a car , and hit one . 
  i know you are but what am i !, 
  i ca n't even recall if he had dialogue in the body snatcher ... 
  still , best boris karloff performance in any movie , so always a good watch . 
  the room, 
  yesss , if it had been finished in time , ww2 would have ended very differently . 
  noroi is ridiculously underrated . 
  best `` found footage '' horror ever , and definetely in the top 10 asian horror films . 
  naw , even in the norse mythos you ca n't help feeling sorry for him at times . 
  i mean , the dude got raped by a horse ... 
  well yeah not saying he aint the bad guy . 
  just saying there are some myths where i can definetely sympathise with the dude . 
  hell he 's not always the bad guy either . 
  does n't she give a blowjob to someone after like one day with the survivors in the comic ? 
  that might have something to do with her popularity . 
  with that said , watching her slice and dice thing in the show is always entertaining . 
  let 's not forget the fact that simba and nala are most likely either siblings or cousings , with scar possibly being nalas father . 
  since daddy lions usually kills the offspring of other male lions , with the exceptions of some prides where two male lions co-exist with one being the alpha male . 
  sara summed it up pretty good , but if you 're more curious , martin scorcese made a great documentary about lewton a few years ago called val lewton : the man in the shadow , which i strongly recommend . 
  on a side-note , tourneur did acknowledge lewtons influence on the film , and that he later did night of the demon as a tribute to his mentor . 
  i believe you 're thinking about the good son , with culkin and elijah wood . 
  the bad seed is a british movie from the 50s . 
  abortion !, 
  nurse give me a goddamn abortion !, 
  paradise lost : the child murders at robin hood hills and it 's sequels . 
  other favourites would be deliver us from evil and white light/black rain . 
  that is not entirely true . 
  the roman calendar used to have 10 months . 
  but the two extra months were added about 50 years later , and at that time july and august were called quntilius ( five ) and sextilius ( six ) , and the two months that were added too the calendar was january and february . 
  the roman new year was in march . 
  edit : and all this was around 700 bc . 
  so 700 years before quintilius and sextilius were renamed to july and august . 
  from when the calendar is traditionally said to be instituted . 
  according to the romans , romulus created the original 10 month calendar when he became king , which would be around 753 bc , and then 50 years later another king redid the calendar , creating a 12 month calendar , which has been modified some over the centuries , but is still the basis for the 12 month calendar we have now . 
  yes it 's mired in legends and yes it 's probably an oversimplification to say that the king instituted it , i 'll back down on that . 
  but it still does n't change the fact that the 12 month year was established by the time of caesar and augustus , or that the roman year traditionally started in march . 
  which both contradicts the post i originally responded too . 
  so you brazilian then ? 
  i 'll take that as a yes , 
  i am swedish , and i can confirm we have a party in sweden looking into something simillar for us . 
  despite it being factually wrong that the whole assange deal is only about not wearing a condom . 
  he still has to go to trial , and if it ends up being nothing but word against word in that trial as well , then he will most likely go free . 
  then again , him apparently being shitscared about this trial is n't doing much to prove his innocence ... 
  i like you , you seem like a sensible reporter . 
  he considers himself 100 % sweden and 100 % kurd . 
  he did a radio program this summer where he talked about it . 
  not all of us , 
  most of us are not . 
  not for the most part no , but on the rare occasion they make a good point . 
  and just becase it 's not a sensible newspaper that does n't mean there ca n't be the odd sensible reporter , 
  where in sweden do you live ? 
  i grew up in a christian family in sweden , in an area that is heavily christian in general . 
  i also know several people who do n't believe in evolution , and i could point you to swedish authors that have written books on the subject ( in support of intelligent design ) . 
  the official swedish church is one thing , but it 's the free churches that contains the majority of nutjobs ( as well as nice , friendly people as well ) . 
  cults sure , but the regular churches are hardly cults . 
  pingst , livets ord , missionskyrkan etc are where the really religious people are , some of them are nutjobs , some of htem are nice people . 
  i 'm from the middle of v\u00e4sterg\u00f6tland , and i would say that from here , through j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping and down to the middle of sm\u00e5land is where you 'd find the most religious areas . 
  with j\u00f6nk\u00f6ping being the centre of it . 
  the italians made a few zombie pornos in the 80s . 
   `` tina fey is an ugly , pear-shaped , overrated troll '' - the internet,
