  because his battle systems are programmed to attack that which bears the vile colour of orange , it is a sacrifice he must make ... 
  well , time to get some popcorn i guess ... 
  is n't the joke that jeff said `` hey , nice weather '' , and andr\u00e9 misheard him ? ... 
  he talked about it some a few months ago on his facebook page and mentioned that his opinion might have changed , and that it might soon be included in his great movies collection . 
  that was in sweden , and it eventually got accepted . 
  something about the clinton - lewinsky affair . 
  the internet would go completely bananas with glee . 
  `` he never did tell what he needed that cigar for , i was just glad i did n't have to smoke it myself . '', 
  stark sounds a bit like york too . 
  just a little bit . 
  nah , some people like it , some people hate it , you should find out for yourself which camp you 're in . 
  personally i like that part a lot , and you get a lot of free skillpoints . 
  no he is not . 
  the books and the show differs as to wether sandor participated in the hand 's tourney , in the book the last 4 contestants are the clegane brothers , jaime and loras , whereas in the show sandor does not compete as far as we can see . 
  however they never mention anything about having to be a knight to compete , and it is safe to assume that the show does not differ from the books in regards to these rules . 
  it is the biggest non-sport event in the world . 
  it 's actually been available for pre-ordering on gamersgate a few weeks now . 
  this is the most hippieishy thing i 've ever seen ... 
  check out the 1978 version of invasion of the body snatchers , it is quite creepy and underrated . 
  it is about misogyny , there is a clear role-reversal in the middle of the film ( literally , they role-play each others gender ) , the mother proceeds to penetrate the man ( drilling a hole in his leg ) , making him menstruate ( masturbating blood ) and mutilates her own gender . 
  so the woman becomes the man , and the man becomes the woman , also before the role-reversal , the man is clearly in controll and is basically abusing his wife emotionally . 
  i got 0 too !, 
  hooray for us !, 
  but plan 9 is so bad it 's awesome !, 
  it 's worth noting that stalker was made before the chernobyl accident , if anything the movie was an eerie example of life imitating art . 
  liar !, 
  do n't say another word !, 
  benea reach, 
  pretty much anything by tarkovsky , particularly stalker and the mirror . 
  other films you might like : dead man , melancholia , last year at mariebad , ordet and if you have n't seen much else by bergman then persona and the silence are musts . 
  other people do n't eat the seeds in the watermelons ? ... 
  real borking funny ... 
  american graffiti was pretty good though . 
  if the cow is healthy , it should be fine , but in some cases there might be some bacterias in there that might harm you , like salmonella . 
  people used to drink raw milk for millenias before pasteurizaton was invented . 
  not quite . 
  again , some bacterias could be passed on but for the longest time it was n't a problem since the human population , and the cow population was relatively small , which meant keeping a healthy cow population was easier , but with the population boom in the 1800s the demand for milk went up as well which meant more cows , who got worse food , and lived in worse conditions , which meant worse milk . 
  pasteurization solved this , as well as solved the matter of preserving the milk longer . 
  but today drinking the raw milk from a healthy cow kept by a responsible farmer , is perfectly fine . 
  that dog looks terrified . 
  it 's a wayne gretzky quote ( ice hockey ), 
  why the soderbergh version of solaris and not the original tarkovsky version ? 
  sounds reasonable , guess i should give the soderbergh version a watch then , i love the original a lot so i 've been hesitant to watch the remake , even though i 'm a fan of soderbergh as well , but i 'll put it on my list !, 
  pennsylvania, 
  i too read cracked today . 
  sweden has extradited 10 people to the us in the last 10 years , i would hardly call that a habit , especially since it 's one of hte lowest numbers in europe . 
  compare that to the uk where assange fled to , they 've extradited more than 150 people in the last 10 years . 
  assange was against going there because he 'd rather be seen as a martyr than a rapist . 
  accurate in terms of what ? 
  the term originated from hollywood to begin with . 
  but it lost it 's original meaning once the studio system fell apart . 
  no , but it 's the first to show a couple doing the 69, 
  possibly my favourite song of his . 
  you 're welcome . 
  better call bruce campbell about this . 
  swede here , i fucking loooove cinnamon candy , it 's one of the few things we 've missed here when it comes candy . 
  you can still get it at some specialty stores and sometimes in the international shelf in the supermarket , but then it tends to be really expensive . 
  but with that said , salty liquorice is even better . 
  as a swede ... what the hell ? 
  never ever heard of such a thing , we generally like our neighbour to the west . 
  now if it has been about the danes ... 
  the 1978 version of invasion of the body snatchers , better and far creepier than the original version . 
  you are one of the few people i 've ever come across who feels the same way i do about that movie . 
  when i watched it the first time i was shellshocked , it was the most unsettling movie i had ever seen , and i had seen a lot of horror movies at that point . 
  and yet when i showed it to my friends the reaction was more along the line `` well that was okay '' , or `` that was boring '' . 
  i 've seen it a few more times since then , and while it 's never been the same as that first time alone in my room , it still remains one of few movies to effectively send shivers down my spine . 
  i have n't seen anything he 's done since retribution , which i liked even though it was a bit generic at times . 
  cure is his best horror after pulse i think , and bright future is his second best overall . 
  i 'll buy it because i 'm curious about the commentary tracks . 
  well i mean joel schumacher is gay so ... 
  well well , someone apparently did n't get their letter when they were 11 ... 
  sweden does n't have a minimum wage though . 
  chaos reigns !, 
  dogville is easily his best role and the best movie he 's been in . 
  tough one , ween are kind of a unique band . 
  but if you 're looking for something that 's at least thematically simillar then both mr bungle and butthole surfers are safe bets i guess , same switching between genres , and walking the fine line between funny and creepy . 
  and eyes wide shut . 
  in no particular order :, 
  kairo ( pulse ) ,, 
  ringu ,, 
  suicide club ,, 
  cure ,, 
  and bill showed his in himlen \u00e4r oskyldigt bl\u00e5 if i remember correctly . 
  some of bergmans other movies were pretty graphic for their time though . 
  the silence especially comes to mind . 
  you can find several of his movies on youtube . 
  full-length , with decent quality . 
  just search for ingmar bergman and scroll down . 
  you can find several of his movies on youtube . 
  full-length , with decent quality . 
  just search for ingmar bergman and scroll down . 
  `` i do n't wan na have to shout it out , i do n't want my hair to fall out , i do n't wan na be filled with doubt , i do n't wan na be a good boy scout , i do n't wan na have to learn to count , i do n't wan na have the biggest amount , i do n't wan na grow up '' . 
  though really that entire song gives me chills . 
  `` and tomorrow dick is wearing pants , and tomorrow janie 's wearing a dress , future outcasts and they do n't last '' - androgynous by the replacements . 
  and got it 's most recent expansion this year , i think it 's unlikely they 'll start working on a sequel before letting vicky 2 run it 's course . 
  that was his breakthrough role though , not his debut . 
  bah , he 'll have enough problems with going over the demesne limits , plus he looks like he wo n't be on this earth for much longer anyway . 
  was n't that the food that hammond and sattler ate earlier in the movie , you know when he was talking about his flea circus ? 
  that 's still the point of both the book and the film . 
  the superheroes who are still there at the end of it are the ones that went brutal enough to stay alive , whereas the ones that tried to be nicer did n't make it ( as partly shown in the intro sequence ),
