  i ca n't believe we said that ... we must have been really drunk at the time ... 
  luckily we swedes do n't flirt unless drunk . 
  which is unfortunate for those who gets the mcdonalds night shift . 
  belive me , it 's not cheaper ... 
  it means you used two letter wrong . 
  \u00c5 is a different letter from a , and \u00d6 is a different letter from o. swedish has three extra letters at the end of the alphabet , \u00c5 , \u00c4 and \u00d6 . 
  $ 2 and hour !, 
  jeez , i worked as a cleaner in sweden and got $ 15 an hour , and i think mcdonalds is more wellpaid than that , and noone tips in sweden , anywhere . 
  they 're very popular in scandinavia , pretty much mandatory when you 're a kid . 
  ooor ... there 's just one woman ... who travels a lot . 
  `` the most merciful thing in the world , i think , is the inability of the human mind to correlate all its contents . '', 
  - the call of cthulhu , h. p. lovecraft, 
  androgynous by the replacements, 
  sleepaway camp has the best twist ending of all time , and it 's an enjoyable slasher in it 's own right . 
  never did like the sequels though . 
  oh yeah the old butt-baby phase , i remember that . 
  i really wan na play this . 
  i know the guys who recently did the enhanced edition of baldur 's gate has said that they wan na get to planescape torment eventually . 
  not sure if joking or not . 
  but no , both samurai and ninjas are exclusively japanese . 
  snowstorm here in sweden , so i 'm sure some 00s will remember it too . 
  svea rike , all three of them . 
  very text heavy but they have the added bonus of teaching you some swedish history as well . 
  especially the second one . 
  i too liked prometheus , and it 's about time we stand up for ourselves !, 
  buuut , denmark did at one point rule england did it not ? 
  knut the great and his little viking kingdom , so maybe this attitude actually comes from denmark , and was then spread to england , and subsequently spread throughout the british empire . 
  and some 20 % of all swedes downloads stuff illegally , some numbers puts it around 33 % . 
  filesharing is even recognized officially as a religion in sweden . 
  kreia from kotor 2 , a flawed game with one fantastic villain . 
  christopher walkens cameo in annie hall . 
  or you know , even more shitinpantsinducing [ avengers vs. justice league ] ( #spoiler ), 
  i do n't like courtney as a person , but i think hole as a band are severely underrated . 
  perhaps , but courtney loves vocal performance is still great . 
  especially on live through this . 
  garbage are a really good band too yes . 
  bet he does n't even know lafe of fire is by the meat puppets ... 
  tl ; dw two chicks almost turns into to one another but then they do n't . 
  also penis and beachsex . 
  * slow clap, 
  the mpaa is basically owned by the big studios , and is subsequently more lenient towards them . 
  paradise lost , and it 's sequels . 
  and he recently married a woman over 40 years younger than him . 
  well played horney, 
  the 1982 version is a remake too , 
  used to think the book was better , then i rewatched the movie again , and frankly , most of the changes in the movie are for the better . 
  kubrick never made a bad film . 
  i thought it was great . 
  no no you 're thinking of the icelanders . 
  south korea was a fascist dictatorship up untill the 1980s so yeah ... but hey you tried !, 
  that scene is unbelievably creepy . 
  - who are you ? 
  - i am an angel, 
  - what 's your name ? 
  - satan ... 
  edit : the scene , if anyone 's interrested . 
  great movie , but seriously what did you expect ? 
  i mean that movie is literally hitler . 
  just like in the original movie . 
  except for that first scene , the first scene is creepy as hell . 
  the rest of the movie sucks though ... 
  that 's quite a cock !, 
  for a moment there , i felt special ... 
  most of the hammer films with cushing are good , the first one in particular is amazing , and the fourth one ( i think ) frankenstein created woman is almost equally good . 
  andy warhols flesh for frankenstein is quite entertaining too . 
  cool , another good one if you like the more schlocky movies is frankenhooker , much better than the name might imply , 
  swede here , from outside the gothenburg area , i 've seen this all the time growing up . 
  both in daycares and in people 's homes . 
  nice dog, 
  such a strange movie , but very very good . 
  refused - songs to fan the flames of discontent, 
  sam mendez has said explicitly that nolans batman films were a huge influence on skyfall . 
  here ya go  http://blogs.indiewire.com/theplaylist/sam-mendes-says-he-was-not-at-all-interested-in-bond-at-first-took-direct-inspiration-from-christopher-nolans-dark-knight-films-20121018#, 
  `` direct action is not always the best way . 
  it is a far greater victory to make another see through your eyes than to close theirs forever . '', 
  - kreia , in knight of the old republic 2, 
  no other punk album has gotten close to this since it 's release . 
  as someone used to the metric system , what exactly does lb stand for ? 
  i know it 's short for pounds , but then why not shorten it `` p '' or something like that ? 
  cool . 
  thanks !, 
  deliver us from evil is pretty creepy . 
  i can vaguely recall playing the games that came with windows 3.1 . 
  but the first game i can remember playing a lot , and actually recall some of my playing sessions would be settlers ii , such a great game ... 
  and yet neither are as badass as when it 's read by christopher lee . 
  they 'll just think you 're being creepy , harsh but true . 
  do that , and then casually ask them if they know any good clubs or bars , do n't ask them if that 's where they usually go , if you 're lucky it will be . 
  then go there during the night , and if the girls are there you can introduce yourself as `` that american from the mall '' and strike up a conversation , be nice , do n't use any pick-up lines , and make sure to say nice things about sweden , and you might get lucky . 
  not sure about finland , but in sweden you always call people by their first name , regardless of age , profession or status , and you always take of your shoes when you enter someones home , and a lot of schools with younger kids enforces this as well . 
  i know it 's the same in norway and denmark , and most likely in finland as well . 
  nordic people tend to be very informal . 
  actually it 's been a law since 1998 . 
  partially , but elements of it has been law since after ww2 , and the word allemanrs\u00e4tt is from the early 1900s . 
  however it 's been part of our constitution since 1994 ( not 1998 , my bad ), 
  why not ? 
  i do n't know !, 
  well you 're a turkey !!, 
  * edit spelling, 
  ` tis truly a glorius day , but the war is not over !, 
  prevail me brethren !,
