  cat . 
  cat . 
  cat . 
  cat . 
  cities skylines is built in unity . 
  post-consensual ? 
  well , keep in mind it 's pre-alpha , go and check some of the pre-alpha footage of ck2 or eu4 and then compare those with the released products and you 'll how much can change between now and release . 
  though back then his grandfather was king . 
  no his father was never king at all . 
  his grandfather was king from 1950 until 1973 . 
  his father died in a planecrash in 1947 . 
   attractive 15 year old, 
  it 's complicated ... 
  [ asos ] ( #b '' `` i dreamt of a man without a face , waiting on a bridge that swayed and swung . 
  on his shoulder perched a drowned crow with seaweed hanging from his wings . '', 
  - the ghost of high heart '' ), 
  so you 're saying jon will eventually have sex with his `` sister '' ... ok . 
  i wonder if perchance he hid his secret in a box . 
  cat . 
   which barely anyone plays, 
  12.48 % of all eu4 games are multiplayer . 
  12 % is not really a small percentage . 
  but we do have svea rike iii ... 
  it was just called crown of the north outside of sweden . 
  wrong , 88 % of all games started are single player . 
  and 12 % of all games started are multiplayer . 
  we do n't know what percentage of the playerbase plays multiplayer . 
  but 12 % is not an insignificant number either way . 
  christmas 2013 they did this thing were every day leading up to christmas day they had each pds employee do a short presentation of themselves , what they did in the company , what games they worked on etc. 
  they were also asked what games they were working on at the moment , which i believe is where all of the projects above were first mentioned . 
  ah you are correct , guess i misremembered it . 
  cat . 
  cat . 
  it 's absolutely amazing , make sure to get the unofficial community patch for it though since the vanilla version is still ridden with bugs . 
  arrested development, 
  it varied , the runestones in sweden speak of voyages both west and east , almost a 50/50 split actually . 
  however the bigger more organized trips from sweden did go east . 
  many runestones in sm\u00e5land and v\u00e4sterg\u00f6tland speak of trips west though , sometimes joining the danes . 
  all swedish kings since gustav vasa has had their personal `` mottos '' ( though there is probably a better word for it ) and gott mit uns was gustavus adolphus , just like karl xii had `` with the lord my protector '' , which appears in the song carolus rex . 
  in no particular order . 
  deafhaven - new bermuda, 
  wavves - v, 
  low - ones and sixes, 
  black wing - ... is doomed, 
  deathcrush - the single series, 
  you 're a few centuries of though , gustav vasa lived during the 16th century . 
   it has got ta be by far the most desired game from paradox right now . 
  surely you mean second most desired after rome ii . 
  heroes, 
  sweet thing, 
  we prick you, 
  lady grinning soul, 
  sound & vision, 
  it aint easy, 
  lady stardust, 
  slow burn, 
  seven years in tibet, 
  ck2 goes on sale fairly often , as does eu4 . 
  do n't get ck1 , it is incredibly outdated and the ck2 is better in every way . 
  atlas investments ? 
  the diamond sea, 
  shadow of a doubt, 
  teenage riot, 
  tunic ( song for karen ), 
  stereo sanctity, 
  pattern recognition, 
  wish fullfilment, 
  ` cross the breeze, 
  ingrid bergman was not in citizen kane . 
  refused - the shape of punk to come, 
  gang of four - entertainment, 
  converge - jane doe, 
  undertones - hypnotized, 
  patti smith - horses, 
  fugazi - 13 songs, 
  sonic youth - evol, 
  slint - spiderland, 
  sleigh bells maybe . 
  you mean like gregorian ? 
  to be fair the latest film was really the fifth film adaptation of ben hur , with the 1959 version being the third . 
  technically they 're all just adaptations of the original novel , not remakes , altough i 'm sure the newer movies have been plenty influenced by the older movies as well . 
  the white ribbon ( 2009 , haneke ), 
  enter the void ( 2009 , no\u00e9 ), 
  lost in translation ( 2003 , coppola ), 
  spring summer fall winter ... and spring ( 2003 , ki-duk ), 
  grizzly man ( 2005 , herzog ), 
  assassination of jesse james by the coward robert ford ( 2007 , dominik ), 
  inherent vice ( 2015 , anderson ), 
  to bring you my love, 
  the dancer, 
  a place called home, 
  rid of me, 
  when under ether, 
  down by the water, 
  the whores hustle and the hustlers whore, 
  working for the man, 
  send his love for me, 
  i just want some proper trade and espionage systems in the game . 
  any plans for something like the `` my pet dungeon '' mode that was in dungeon keeper 2 ? 
  like a more casual basebuilding mode .
