  i wonder how many people realize that that is actually a real lion , though very poorly ... taxidermed ? 
  i scanned the one that 's in the statue right next to the courthouse , and that activated the quest . 
  his character in goldeneye fell and died . 
  jason biggs is n't jewish though . 
  had this event chain yesterday as well , unfortunately my spawn of satan died in his work as spymaster ( he had 46 intrigue ) , so i never got to make him ruler . 
  he did kill off 3 of his siblings before he died though . 
  i have n't listened to all of nick caves albums , but murder ballads is a masterpiece of an album , and probably his most popular too . 
  might give him a psychological edge over selmy or something , dayne will feel more confident wielding his signature sword , and ... well selmy will feel less confident for the same reason . 
  except the roman year started in march ( named after mars the war god ) , hence why we have september ( seven ) , october , etc. 
  3 degrees checking in . 
  frank darabont ( shawshank guy ) only directed the pilot episode , he was however the showrunner for the first season . 
  liara , then thane , and then liara again . 
  it just ... fits , and it works out poignantly in the narrative . 
  thanks for making great games !, 
  and james earl jones, 
  edit : at least his voice . 
  and jorahs wife lynesse was the sister of mace tyrells wife , and subsequently loras and margaerys aunt , making jorah their uncle by marriage . 
  i like all of von triers films , 
  so you loved it , but you did n't like it ? 
  i 'd think the former is an extension of the latter . 
  i genuinely liked it , but at the time i was also very much into the more extreme horror genre so any film that could sollicit such a strong emotional approval was deserving of my like . 
  later on a wrote a 20-page essay about the movie , which meant watching it at least 10 more times , so i 'm pretty desensitized to the more graphic parts of the movie by now . 
  but on my original viewing , did i find every part of the experience pleasant ? 
  no , but the same can be said for requiem for a dream , salo , audition , happiness or the isle , but i still love love all of those films as well . 
  it is indeed . 
  happy new year to you too !, 
  second one is better , but since you import your save from 1 to 2 ( and then to 3 ) , playing all of them in sequential order is essential to get the full experience . 
  all three games are fantastic though . 
  well-made , atmospheric puzzle game . 
  story is good but a bit fuzzy . 
  visuals and sound is fantastic though . 
  if you 're a fan of puzzle games in general it 's a definite buy . 
  v is probably the best after iii , so if you can find that one for a good price is well worth checking out . 
  avoid vi like the plague though . 
  worth nothing that the republic does n't change any of the standard republic mechanics , it just makes them playable . 
  with that said , they used to be overpowered but they have been nerfed in the later patches . 
  tarantino as well . 
  read that as `` the difference your monkey is making '' . 
  my fantasy ran wild there for a moment . 
  it 's also a riff on zodiac , which ends without the crime being resolved , but with several likely suspects being brought up during the movie . 
  the pierce death scene was a nod to that movie as well , and of course the duncan scene in his office . 
  but the whole duncan in the office scene was pretty direct homage to the scene in zodiac with the creepy guy in the cellar . 
  massive fincher vibes in general , lots of references to both zodiac and seven , and some nods to other fincher movies as well . 
  and it 's caesar , not caeser . 
  cleopatra and poseidon are expansions not sequels , both adds a ton of fun to the original games though , i 'd strongly suggest checking out both games if you like city-building games . 
  start with zeus , it 's the best in the series . 
  your university prof was incredibly wrong . 
  might not be everyone 's cup of tea , but brokeback mountain , and especially ledger 's performance in it , is nothing short of amazing . 
  pretty much on par with his joker performance , in my humble opinion . 
  i 'd honestly rather have a prequel , 28 hours later . 
  much more potential for awesomeness . 
  to be fair , napoleon was corsican , with italian descent . 
  swede here , yes surstr\u00f6mming is disgusting , hence why we try to get all foreigners to try it at least once . 
  as far as the language thing goes , if everyones already somewhat fluent in english there 's no need to switch to swedish , it 's just a hassle . 
  9.5 million actually . 
  the swedish subreddit is the biggest non-english speaking subreddit on the site if i 'm not mistaken . 
  eu rome was the most profitable game they had made up untill that point apart from eu3 though . 
  he has talked about it . 
  honestly , if he does some work on his voice i believe eisenberg can pull it off splendidly . 
  take this scene from social network , his mannerisms , his facial expressions and the way he delivers the lines to spitefully and condescending ... yeah he can pull it off . 
  she 's pretty damn good in the runaways too , even though the movie itself is meh . 
  depending on how patient you are i would suggest checking out tarkovskys films , they 're slow but utterly mezmerising . 
  plus bergman himself pretty much named tarkovsky as the best director of all time . 
  otherwise i would suggest looking up some truffaut or dreyer , the latter in particular was quite influential on bergman . 
  also if you like silent films , bergman named k\u00f6rkarlen ( the phantom carriage ) by victor sj\u00f6str\u00f6m as his favourite movie of all time and made a point of watching it at least once a year , for understandable reasons too , it really is a great film . 
  then again he also killed the guy that killed hitler . 
  no euiv nomination for best strategy ? 
  what an absolute travesty . 
  check out in mourning , obviously very inspired by opeth and they 've put out some quality releases . 
  werner herzogs 1979 remake is a complete masterpiece as well , easily on par with the original 1922 version . 
  i mostly lurk around here but , at the top of my head : alucarda , hour of the wolf , witchfinder general , the phantom carriage , the unknown , the body snatcher ( 1944 ) and kairo . 
  most of them are foreign and/or fairly old so i guess that 's why they 're rarely discussed , but all of them are in amongst the finest horror movies ever made . 
  that scene with adjani in the tunnel or whatever it was , has to be one of the most unnerving acting performances i 've ever seen . 
  i guess i can go over and have a look , 
  one of the greatest cartoons ever created for that matter . 
  jeez , that was a strangely paced trailer . 
  europa universalis iv , with crusader kings 2 being a close second , no other games have sucked up as much of my time as those two ... well maybe euiii but it has the advantage of time . 
  kevin conroy revealed last year that he was working on an arkham game though . 
  i was n't aware i was in / r/aww until you mentioned it . 
  thought i was in / r/pics, 
  they 're just jealous because they 're the testicles in our relationship . 
  you ... you remember when your dad was in ninth grade ?!, 
  how old was he when he got you ? 
  polanski 's apartment trilogy : repulsion , the tenant and to a lesser extent rosemary 's baby . 
  that 's assuming he only made one draft . 
  i 'd imagine most authors can churn out a book quite quickly if they 're lazy , but it 's the constant revisions , and sometimes complete rewrites that takes the longes . 
  and considering george 's attention to detail , i 'd imagine he can easily go above 10 or 15 drafts before getting one that he is satisfied enough with to release . 
  magicka was not an in-house game for paradox . 
  they did however mention at p-dox con that magicka was their best-selling game when it was released , but that both ck2 and euiv surpassed it in sales-number at their releases . 
  pump your breaks , kid , that man 's a national treasure !, 
  nope , it 's an original movie . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/under_the_skin_ ( 2013_film ), 
  they dedicated the china probrem episode to him a few months after he died . 
  this is a zlatan https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yzvqcbdaizq, 
  the emperors new groove, 
  `` goddammit i hate this mummer 's crap ! '', 
  there has actually been plenty of examples in history of less avanced civilizations fighting back against technologically superior civilizations militarilly , but supplanting in this case might also mean culturally and economically , in which case he is absolutely right . 
  so did the hound and yet he gets nothing but love around here . 
  she 'll probably get kidnapped by ramsay or something . 
  early nicolas roeg stuff ( performance , walkabout , do n't look now and the man who fell to earth ) all have some fantastic editing , very innovative for it 's time too .
