mask of the demon ( or black sunday as it is sometimes known ) is a classic . 
  suspiria is fantastic as well but is filmed in english , or at least the main characters were , but you can sometimes find a italian-language copy as well . 
  other great ones that you might wan na check out : bird with the crystal plummage , blood and black lace or the beyond . 
  italy is , or at least was , probably the most productive country in europe when it comes to horror films so there 's an abundance of films out there of varying quality . 
  good luck !, 
  red eye by wes craven was really good too . 
  it 's not the employer that pays you , it 's the government . 
  `` we are constantly trying to brief our soldiers on things that they should not be doing , '' lt col david konop . 
  i wonder if there is an official list ? 
  around 10 % of all arabs are christian too so ... 
  best bdsm porn film ever ... 
  david bowie 's ashes to ashes was a sequel to space oddity . 
  a bit too biased towards newer movies for my taste, 
  and 1997 . 
  `` 1997 : antony wheeler ( died 17 august 1997 ) playing judas in a greek production of jesus christ superstar , wheeler 's performance was supposed to conclude with judas hanging himself , a stunt he 'd successfully negotiated 20 previous times . 
  this time he forgot to fasten the rope to his safety harness . '', 
  i think the term `` extreme '' is a bit misused here . 
  the queues for hospitals here are not extreme , can they be long sometimes ? 
  sure , but not extremely long . 
  as far as the cleaning up bit goes , it 's all relative , from my experience sweden sure is a lot `` cleaner '' than most other western countries . 
  and thankyou for paying so much for it !, 
  pan-scandinavian cooperation at it 's finest . 
  i 'm gon na let you guys in on a little secret . 
  these kind of people exist in sweden as well ... 
  ^ fact : these are the most common words on the internet right now . 
  we are lagom crazy . 
  regarding zombies in the bible , read matthew 27:51 -53 and zechariah 14:12 . 
  there be some crazy shit in there . 
  makes me sad , love silent films . 
  is this the same gal that write for cracked sometimes ? 
  okay thanks , 
  ever screwed up ? 
  like accidentally putting in a horror film instead of a kids film or anything like that ? 
  our king was old and childless ( it 's a complicated backstory ) , so we needed a new prince that he could adopt , so we got a french general . 
  it seemed appropriate at the time . 
  we only had to lose a few pounds ,, 
  at the time the difference was minimal . 
  same language and culture . 
  it 's kinda pointless to talk about swedish vikings or danish vikings or norwegian vikings . 
  it was the same culture , same language and same traditions . 
  it 's unlikely anyone identified themselves as danish or swedish , more likely they identified with town they came from at best . 
  but , but , sweden fought at waterloo as well !, 
  alongside our british friends , and before that we beat down denmark , who friends with the french !, 
  they 're remaking plan 9 from outer space ?!, 
  i. ... do n't ... even ... 
  what ? 
  dude is a total nutcase . 
  well yeah but i mean it 's not like the original is that well known . 
  if people know it , it 's usually because they 've seen burton 's ed wood , so it does n't have the same name value as most of these others do . 
  and like ... what , are they going to try to do a good version of the original ? 
  they 'd need to rewrite everything , every single thing . 
  or are they going to do a version that is equally bad ? 
  because that does n't make any sense from a monetary view either . 
  i do n't know , i love the original movie with all my heart , and i ca n't say i 'm not intrigued by what this remake might be , but i ca n't really see the reasoning behind it ... 
  scarling is another fun band . 
  not true , we have prisons , and we have a crime rate ( do n't know what it is though ) . 
  source : i live in sweden , and i used to have a roomate that worked at our biggest top-security prison . 
  ( this one http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kumla_prison ), 
  frame it and put it on the wall ? 
  so you 'd been to school for a year or two ? 
  culturally it is mostly considered western europe . 
  little known fact , the whole ice and fire saga is based on swedish regional politics . 
  watch them all . 
  the first one is one of the best documentaries of all time , and the other two are solid followups . 
  twist : the camera is upside down !, 
  indeed , perhaps movie killer would have been a better title . 
  would also have been interresting to see jigsaw on there , only truly iconic one that was kinda missing . 
  roman polanski is a no-good pedophile who happens to make fantastic movies . 
  just because someone is a fan of his movies ( like yours truly ) that does n't mean they think he 's a good person or that he he can do whatever he wants . 
  same goes for john lennon or any other douchebag in the entertainment business who managed to be incredibly good at what the do , and yet having abhorrent personal lives . 
  not saying there are n't fans who 'll excuse their idols for doing anything , but it 's not exactly a black & white issue either . 
  yeah but still , if ghostface counts ( 7 different people behind the mask ) and jaws counts ( a fucking shark ) , then jigsaw could be on there as well . 
  i lost, 
  i 'm 22 now , but i started watching bergman movies when i was around 16 . 
  i 've seen 15 of his movies by now , and he is one of my alltime favourite directors . 
  my favourites of his are persona , hour of the wolf and through the looking glass . 
  i would n't say that most swedish youth like or dislike him , because the fact is most swedish youth have n't seen anything from him . 
  and most of what they do know are parodies of his work , and/or the chess scene from the seventh seal . 
  and bruce willis, 
  i heard he was offered dumbledore as well , but declined it , and then went on do do league of extraordinary gentlemen as his last movie . 
  dude really made some weird career choices sometimes . 
  hunt for red october was the last good movie he was in . 
  italys contributions to the movie industry during the 70s and 80s were pretty messed up too sometimes though . 
  i said sometimes , and i did n't say i did n't like it  . 
  italian cinema during that time was insanely productive and yes there were tons of masterpieces such as the works of leone , fellini , rossellini , argento and bava and so on . 
  then you had your cannibal films , your zombie porn , etc. 
  the amount of low-grade , z-movie , exploitation films that italy produced during the time is staggering . 
  hence my comment . 
  and fyi , i happen to love both their art films and their trash films , 
  the val lewton films from the 40s . 
  especially cat people , i walked with a zombie and the seventh victim . 
  also , les diaboliques and night of the hunter . 
  the scene in alien 4 where ripley met her clone . 
  had n't seen any of the other movies before that , and i just randomly turned on the tv just before that scene started . 
  messed with my head ... 
  the stieg larsson films are hardly considered artsy by swedish standards :p . they 're part of the mainstream . 
  definetely one of my favourite horror moves . 
  truly underrated . 
  interresting , i really liked a history of horror so this 'll be an interresting watch as well i hope , 
  i 'm not sure i have come to grips with it yet .
