  not on my watch !, 
  \u252c \u2500 \u252c \u30ce ( \u00ba _ \u00ba\u30ce ), 
   \u252c \u2500 \u252c \u30ce ( \u00ba _ \u00ba\u30ce ), 
  pretty sure he had something to do with the assassination attempt on bran . 
  yeah you 're right , my bad . 
  it 's hard to keep track of who 's trying to kill who sometimes . 
  to be fair it is highly unlikely that game of thrones would 've ever been greenlit as a show if it were n't for the success of the lotr movies . 
  fantasy as a viable genre in movies and television owes everything to lotr . 
  i 'd imagine it being hard to find an opening band for a band as huge as metallica , in just one day , they probably just went for the first `` grunge-like '' band they could find . 
  i know what you are but what am i ?!, 
  infinity !, 
   `` you do n't have to be so rude '', 
  probably what her mom said as well whenever she did something bad . 
  chastising without teaching . 
  ramsay is enjoyably psychotic , like the joker you just kinda enjoy seeing what shenanigans he 'll come up with next . 
  joffrey is more realistic and grounded . 
  this ironically makes him more relatable , or at least it 's more easy to relate having to deal with a person like him , which is why more people hate him , i 'd imagine the same goes with lysa , or cersei for that matter . 
  quite possibly filmed at the same place though . 
  pretty sure there 's one episode like that every season . 
  just a nitpick , but kvelertak are norwegian . 
  house selmys coat of arms . 
  plus , you know , the fact that it says malm\u00f6 on the building . 
  woosh, 
  #justck 2things, 
  littlefinger told the story to sansa at the hands tourney in season 1 . 
  walder frey was given riverrun though . 
  i remember arkham asylum had this secret area that hinted towards the plot of arkham city , but when noone ever found they eventually leaked the info on how to get in it onto the internet before city was released . 
  it kinda shows how things have changed though , we play more games these days , with less time going into obsessively looking into every little detail of specific games , so secrets like these slips past . 
  12 angry men is quite a popular one in my experience , at least among those of my friends who usually are n't into classical films . 
  but with you , and presumably others as well , expecting the unexpected , would n't it be more unexpected to go with the expected ? 
  dude is a talented director in general , the descent in particular is brilliant . 
  in a way , but a different kind of badass . 
  what if i told you those are neither from, 
  sweden nor sold in sweden ... 
  but what about forrest jr ? 
  there are other kinds of olives besides the green ones , both black and brownish for example . 
  i 'd assume the term refers to the colour of olive oil though . 
  okay i 'll bite , what 's harrenbowl ? 
  bears ? ... 
  dragonbears ???!!!!?? 
  it 's technically all just a variation of the latin name jacobus , which itself comes from the bible . 
  they have two separate teams working on euiv and ck2 respectively , as well as two teams working on runemaster and hoiiv . 
  check out soldaat van oranje ( soldier of orange ) , it 's one of the films verhoeven made before he got to hollywood and it is fantastic , he later made another film about ww2 called black book which is fantastic as well . 
  of course there 's also cabaret and grave of the fireflies as well . 
  synecdoche new york is a great one with a similar style . 
  the player is another great one too . 
  i think it 's more likely they will have lshs reveal in the same episode as cerseis walk of shame , which will definitely be later in the season , episode 8 or 9 probably . 
  it would be quite powerful to see the rise of the stark mother and the fall of the lannister mother mirrored in the show . 
  throw in some hints about septa lemores background and perhaps the scene with daenerys in the dragon pits and you have a perfect `` mother '' episode . 
  holding a siege for over a year takes a tremendous amount of leadership skills , you need to be able to keep the men disciplined and to make sure there are no mutinies or panic within the castle . 
  it may not be as impressive as his later victories , but for someone that young , it 's pretty damn impressive . 
  all of the lego games are great for local co-op . 
  `` got my lunchbox and i 'm armed real well . '', 
  my ex did n't believe me when i told her there were catholic monks , she claimed monks were always buddhist . 
  the old gods is a must , it let 's you play as a pagan and also gives you 200 more years . 
  legacy of rome is great as well and adds retinues to the game . 
  sons of abraham deepends the religious aspect of the game and i love it personally , though people are divided about it . 
  the rest are just dlcs to unlock various religions and people to play , republics , muslims and india respectively . 
  moat cailin does n't matter in this case though , because the biggest threat to the iron islanders if they took the north would n't be the southern armies , it would be the northerner lords themselves . 
  even with robb down in the south , there is still enough soldiers left in the north with the various karstarks and manderlys and all , that they could united defeat the iron islanders eventually , or at the very least make enough trouble that holding the north becomes more trouble than it is worth for the iron islanders . 
  also because they really could n't keep talisa around anymore as a character , it would just complicate things too much , especially with her being pregnant and all . 
  so it 's easier to just kill her off along with robb and catelyn , thus ending that entire storyline completely . 
  yeah but they ca n't possibly hope to take and them hold all of them , they simply do n't have the manpower for that . 
  that along with the size of the north , the climate , and the fact that the ironborn are much much weaker in straight out battles against pretty much anyone . 
  in the long run they ca n't take all of it , let alone hold it . 
  i 've always found christian slaters performance in heathers to be the missing link between nicholsons joker and ledgers joker , seriously it 's eerie . 
  it 's a star trek character . 
  bigger is easier but not necessarily less complex . 
  i think the easiest way to learn is to pick countries that have a more narrow focus , to learn each part individually . 
  that said , ottomans are a good starting country to learn about conquest and diplomacy , and in the first few decades of the game there are relatively few strong rivals in the near vicinity . 
  portugal is great for learning about trade and colonization . 
  after that maybe something like sweden . 
  he is described as pale and handsome . 
  she find pictures in my email . 
  i sent this bitch a picture of my dick . 
  i do n't know what it is with females . 
  but i 'm not too good with that shit . 
  johnny depp is 51 , colin firth is 53 . 
  bale is 40 and dicaprio 39 . 
  i might give you a pass on the latter two , but the first two are not `` relatively young '' . 
  that 's because it invalidates everything that has happened in the film so far . 
  it 's entertaining the first time , but that film really does n't work with repeated viewings . 
  the fact that it 's freeze-framed over the credits makes it even better . 
   i still have fond memories of merrily burning that fucking heap to the ground . 
  knock knock , did somebody say birthmarks ? 
   even sweden , a country known for its ` neutrality ' after its loss of empire , fought a war during this time period . 
  no we did n't . 
  le tigre perhaps ? 
  not stannis , but selyse , stannis wife . 
  mixed with ozymandias intelligence and resources of course . 
  here ya go http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assyrian_people, 
  hell he practically helped create vegas as we know it today . 
  that 's the right one . 
  though to be fair , david bowie did co-write the song and does backing vocals and instruments on the iggy pop version . 
  every account on reddit is a bot except you . 
  after action report, 
  yes , for that price absolutely . 
  cat . 
  cat . 
  cat .
