the amount of weebism on this board has increased strongly over the last few weeks, 
  for some reason this reminded me of the [ moe dictators ] ( http://imgur.com/gallery/zxumu ), 
  it 's not just the national part . 
  the ` socialism ' propagated by the nazis is basically [ oswald spengler 's version of ` prussian socialism ' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oswald_spengler#prussianism_and_socialism_.281919.29 ) which is not socialism at all . 
  it identifies socialism as total subjection to the state and the dictator , celebrates inequality and reduces ` socialism ' to simple servitude towards the common goal . 
  spengler despised marxists who he saw as ` jewish ' and lazy . 
  his socialism never intended to resolve material inequality or abolish the class system , in fact he celebrated inequality . 
  it 's corporatism and what we today simply call fascism . 
  really misguided in my opinion . 
   the whole point of the prides is supposed to be about acceptance , about showing that gays , lesbians , bisexuals etc. 
  are normal people just like everyone else tolerance means accepting someone who is different than you are . 
  you do n't need to tolerate someone who is just like you , because in that case there 's nothing to tolerate or not tolerate in the first place . 
  polemically put you are employing burka logic here . 
  women can move through the public space , but only if they hide all the sexy parts . 
  as the logic goes , if we dress everybody up in a bag we all look the same and nobody has reason to be offended any more . 
  this is of course not tolerance , it 's the very opposite . 
  likewise a gay parade is not about showing that `` gay people are normal '' , akin to them begging for your acceptance . 
  in fact gay people are not normal , they do biologically fall outside the norm , the point is that this is nothing to do ashamed of , just like being into bdsm or having fetishes or living in an open relationship is nothing you have to hide under the mattress . 
  the point never was to say that gay people are n't different , that 's what i 'm saying lol gay people , or what offended society about gay people * was there difference * . 
  that they have a lot of sex , that they have unsafe sex , that society ca n't control their bodies , that they do n't give a shit about family , that 's the `` gay '' part that drives catholics and conservatives up the walls if you just want to marry at 22 and adopt an asian kid you do n't need to participate in a street parade, 
  i would n't actually call you a creep lol . 
  have we met ? 
  wear a gimp suit , a clown costume , i honestly do n't care . 
  but if you want to hold a gay parade where everybody pretends not to like the things that were formerly associated with being gay than you can spare yourself the parade altogether and just acknowledge that you do n't really want to tolerate anybody, 
  i 'd welcome it if you did . 
  express your sexuality however you like, 
  the afd draws , relatively speaking , more from die linke then they do from the afd . 
  yes , moving the cdu has opened up a little space on the right in a technical sense , but in practical terms it is meaningless . 
  the cdu is pretty much polling at `` pre-afd '' levels . 
  so gay people only get to be openly gay if they larp as conservatives ? 
  it was a fairly big topic three to five years ago but it has n't really been on the public minds recently and schulz has turned somewhat right on the topic . 
  i 'm not sure that it influences the popularity at the moment . 
  merkel has significantly more experience in office , people do n't really perceive schulz as head of the eu parliament the same way they perceive merkel , i 'd actually wager that it hurts him . 
  merkel profits from general international insecurity because she 's perceived as stable and reliable , and frankly she 's simply more intelligent and crafty than schulz who just seems like a brash old guy . 
  also germany is doing well economically so schulz focussing on social justice is n't doing him any favours . 
  germans generally do n't respond to election promises and merkel has the advantage of pretty much never having promised anything unachievable . 
  and the cdu dropped conscription , nuclear energy , tolerated gay marriage , took in one million refugees yada , yada . 
  do you see their voters complain ? 
  well they do for five minutes and then they go vote for them again jeez , the liberal-left is so fucking picky it 's not even funny . 
  just like the whole bernie / hillary or corbyn / labour party schism . 
  i have given up hope that people left of the centre understand how political power works . 
  some parts of the internet anglosphere still buy into the meme that national socialism is somehow socialism just because it has the word in the title . 
  by this logic north korea is democratic i guess, 
  some soldiers were found to have nazi memorabilia in their barracks and this kicked off a discussion whether we do enough to keep right-wing blowhards out of the army . 
  this discussion has basically gained some traction after we abandoned conscription , because signups have increasingly been economically worse off people from eastern germany . 
  africa today looks vastly different than even 10 or 15 years ago . 
  if this map has taught us anything it is that you just have to accept jesus as your lord and saviour and you 're good to go, 
  you can but you 're not really forced to . 
  your parents will always cover you , which is what good parents do , but your landlord will care . 
  and it 's important that people learn to live independently without some kind of universal safety net . 
  and the article mentions actually that those people are much more susceptible to social and economical problems . 
  they are not in training , they likely do n't have social relations , and they just hang around at home . 
  that 's unhealthy . 
  in east germany this is much more pronounced among men than women . 
  we basically have a giant army of manchildren on the continent who do n't participate in society on their own , which is really bad . 
   we ca n't really see the benefits of living without our parents and organising your own life , learning how to spend money , handling your financial expenses and even something as banal as bringing a girlfriend or boyfriend home . 
  who wants to bring a romantic date back to their parents house, 
  [ france , please take a seat over here ] ( https://i.makeagif.com/media/9-27-2016/jm4lei.gif ), 
   religion in a vague kind of `` i believe in god '' does n't make one less intelligent . 
   religion as in `` i believe the literal word of the bible/quran/torah '' almost certainly does . 
  especially when actively denying science to maintain those beliefs . 
  depends on your definition of `` intelligence '' but if we 're talking about excelling at cognitive tasks , high degree of organisation and so forth there 's actually a good deal of highly intelligent people that gravitate towards fanaticism , not necessarily religious even . 
  on the contrary vague belief and ` spirituality ' and so on you can find among the general population . 
  north korea has nuclear weapons now and can probably deliver them , and even without nuclear weapons north korea has artillery capability to more or less completely wreck seoul , which is an unacceptable outcome of the conflict . 
  if trump is crazy enough to let south korea burn just to go to war his behaviour will be seen as a betrayal in the asia-pacific , if he does n't he is only producing hot air . 
  so the only logical behaviour would be to tone it down a great deal . 
  not at all . 
  in terms of nominal productivity , maybe . 
  in terms of job production the effect will be reverse . 
  the industrial revolution produced the modern factory , and with it , mass employment on a scale not seen before . 
  creation of jobs and scale of the economy was largely linear . 
  you wanted to build more stuff , you needed more workers . 
  the ` ai revolution ' ( the whole thing is a little overhyped in general , i work in the field we still have n't figured out how to builld a good chat bot and productivity gains are still unclear in many cases ) will eradicate * a lot * of work , because scale is easy and automated . 
  this will mean mass retraining multiple times over the course of an individuals life , and we have no idea how to do that . 
  you can write as many nice texts like this as you want , but fact is that redistribution or social justice campaigns do n't win you an election in germany . 
  at large the people in this country do n't feel that they 're unfairly . 
  sure there are winners and losers in a market economy and the spds job is to make life better for the people at the lower end , but germany is n't some place where everybody is living in perpetual poverty . 
  we have a sizeable middle class that is doing okay . 
  you 're not really disproving my point if you start your argument with `` once upon a time '' lol . 
  we 're not living in some kind of fantasy world where everybody is a factory worker , women stay at home and everybody has the same job for a hundred years . 
  that 's not how any of this works any more . 
  the spd is doing badly because the party is still clinging to old ideas instead of embracing new demographics , not the other way round . 
  yeah the 70s welfare state is n't coming back and nobody cares what cat pictures you look at . 
  seriously nobody in this country cares . 
  the spd gains nothing by pivoting to the left . 
  how is it my fault that die linke just produces shit-tier policies, 
  or simply beause die linke is fucking terrible . 
  yeah leaving nato and joining the right-wing scaremongering . 
  no thanks . 
  and i say this as an spd member . 
  irrelevant issue in the grand scheme of things . 
  gay marriage is n't the predominant issue to determine the parties position on the political spectrum . 
  my money is on spahn as the next cdu candidate, 
  the cdu is n't christian in any meaningful sense . 
  they essentially are a liberal conservative party . 
  any man who must say i am the king is no true king ? 
  merkel as tywin works i guess, 
  yes , but this is reddit where the salty alt-right is like half of the userbase so apparently not, 
  both [ sleep well my friend ] ( http://imgur.com/a/fed51 ), 
  some of these places are going to be in huge economic peril if the number of tourists is drastically reduced .
