  [ alcohol consumption drastically was reduced during the prohibition ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1989/10/16/opinion/actually-prohibition-was-a-success.html ) , it was fairly effective in this regard  far-right politics does not survive if it 's held up for public scrutiny . 
  banning it prevents this from happening and allows it fester . 
  again , evidence suggests it does . 
  germany , italy and countless of other countries in human history have gone full blown fascist during a time where no such prohibition existed . 
  intolerant opinions spread like wildfire if you let them go on rampart . 
  that 's what makes them intolerant , their unwillingness to budge . 
  how do you think monotheism ( read christianity , and islam ) conquered the middle east and the roman empire respectively ? 
  by being extra nice ? 
  the romans just thought `` well what 's one more god supposed to do '' , the christians had different ideas . 
  intolerance without intervention wins every time . 
  it 's actually fair to say that this particular form of collusion is particular prevalent in `` rhine capitalism '' , which is much closer to corporatism than some of the anglo laissez-faire versions . 
  the natural cooperation between business and government here can lead to this behaviour . 
  on the plus side it should be noted that vw would also not get away with firing a huge amount of workers or in some other way impinging on the interests of the state . 
  it has its up and downsides . 
  yes , it actually is based on the data available to us . 
  except for the part where , empirically speaking they have no power at all, 
  coming from ... china ? 
  what are you even supposed to do with your free time if you ca n't imitate hitler in public ? 
  there barely is any migration to france so i honestly do n't see how you 're doing any more than just throwing mud hoping that some of it sticks . 
  this is a thread about germany , what the fuck do i care what idiotic things the uk votes for ? 
  there are studies like this , [ this one for example ] ( http://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/10.1002/ab.20250/abstract;jsessionid=a1e9f23469754e32fa7ec00b34aea168.f03t01 ) researched the effect of pornography on recidivism rate of sexual offenders , and there * a positive correlation could actually been found *  statistical interactions indicated that frequency of pornography use was primarily a risk factor for higher-risk offenders , when compared with lower-risk offenders , and that content of pornography ( i.e. , pornography containing deviant content ) was a risk factor for all groups . 
  the importance of conceptualizing particular risk factors ( e.g. , pornography ) , within the context of other individual characteristics is discussed this is significantly more expressive than a study among the general population . 
  there is nothing unintuitive about this either . 
  just like media displaying suicide can lower the inhibition to commit suicide , or violence in media can lower the inhibition for violence , it is conceivable that pedophilia and sexual offense can be provoked in the same way . 
  if i would have any say people named rocko and jenny who 've been living on welfare for ten years should n't have any access to it either at least with the migrants there exists that the chance that they at some point will at least try to obtain gainful employment . 
  by `` people '' do you mean , the 8 % that vote for the afd and the nutjobs on this neckbeard website ? 
  this is pretty much a primary example of bad statistics . 
  not only could this be purely correlational and be caused by other factors ( i.e. 
  increased safety and gentrification which reduces rape overall ) , it also is n't really relevant to the topic of discussion because the inhibitions and sexual behaviour of pedophiles might strongly diverge from the sexual behaviour of non-pedophiles , who after all can have legal sexual relations and consume pornography at the same time . 
  in the given countries you 'll probably also find a positive relationship between increase in pornography and decrease in burglaries . 
  if we follow the refined methodology of `` psychology today '' the implications are clear, 
  `` my tummy feelings are not being confirmed by a study so the polls must be rigged '' solid reasoning right there, 
  it kinda does because it reflects in the deaths on the german side too . 
  80 % of the german army died on the eastern front . 
  it was by far the focal point of the whole war . 
  it was fought on a bigger land territory than all other ww 2 theatres combined , and the intensity and brutality is pretty mutch unparalleled as well . 
  that it , in media , has been pushed towards the side is kind of vulgar in a way . 
  i saw this a while ago here on reddit : ( http://i.imgur.com/6euoctt.png ) i think it 's pretty clear that the opinion towards ww2 has shifted over the time which probably has to do with the focus on the us in largely us produced media . 
  the public conscious ( at least in france ) seemed to have changed quite significantly . 
  learned barely anything about it . 
  also another largely forgotten part of history at least at my school was germany 's colonial history . 
  two of the more neglected topics i feel . 
  '' * starring frank und klara unterholz sounds a little scary tbh, 
  and they 'd be right . 
  atomised welfare such as individual basic income is easy to tune down and effectively disempowers the recipients , it 's no wonder that it is popular among otherwise conservative/liberal pundits and the tech sector libertarians . 
  no , that 's not true at all . 
  whistleblowing is about leaking protected information that is in the interest of the * general public * . 
  undisclosed warcrimes , corruption , crime and so forth . 
  leaking legitimately private campaign information , without any information of wrongdoing , is n't whistleblowling . 
  it damages the reputation of whistleblowers . 
  whistleblowers and whistleblowing institutions enjoy privileged legal protections , they are not ` media companies ' ( who also operate for profit ) and should not conduct themselves as if they were . 
  there is . 
  they claim to be a non-partisan , `` truth-seeking '' institution and fosters the image of being a kind of paragon of free information . 
  but they exactly leak damaging material in a very specific way , assange is personally dependent on protection because he 's been persecuted by western agencies , the guy had a rt show for gods sake . 
  if he 'd be the editor of the pravda i would n't care , but this is not the case . 
  he 's actively damaging the reputation of important institutions . 
  because we all know that selectively releasing factual information at certain strategic moments is n't manipulation in itself ? 
  if i post a picture of a russian nationalist demonstration on say estonia 's independence day , although the picture is factually accurate , do you think i 'd not be trying to build a narrative ? 
  to get the reader to focus and ` zoom in ' on some minor thing ? 
  our amount of imagery and media we 've collected is so abundant that we can spin * any * narrative with any amount of facts . 
  do n't be naive, 
  being able to speak the de faco lingua franca is n't the only requirement for prosperity , but it 's a giant boon if you 're going to actively participate in a global economy . 
  monaco is rich because it 's a haven for old people , come on here in singapore , which actually educates its own population and relies on human capital , the language is one of the deciding factors to being able to attract multinational business . 
  the fucking falkland islands have three thousand inhabitants . 
  gibraltar or hong kong would be better examples . 
  ( ex ) commonwealth countries who adopted english are doing significantly better than most other developing countries . 
  both because of economic liberalisation and language, 
  yep , it 's true . 
  efficient market hypothesis is surprisingly robust . 
  it 's actually insanely difficult to actively outperform the market over a sustained period of time . 
  and what makes the situation in news forecasting worse is that there 's basically no downside to making a wrong prediction . 
  if you 're putting your money on the line you at least have a stake in your prediction , but pundits can just forecast away . 
  a funny idea i 've seen proposed is to make all forecasters and pundits commit to their own prediction by forcing them to put a proportional amount of their own money on the line . 
  i would very much enjoy seeing the results of this, 
   about krugman , i wonder if anyone ever compiled a list of how many of his predictions actually proved ( largely ) correct . 
  i 'm not sure about krugman specifically , but nate silver while writing the signal and the noise went through data to figure this precise thing out , and came to the conclusion that economists , largely independent of their reputation , basically could n't meaningfully forecast at all . 
  it basically just amounted to noise . 
  if i recall the number correctly , during the great recession less than two of five-hundred economical commentators identified the severity of the crisis correctly . 
  only a very small minority was at all able to determine that we were in a recession * when the recession had already hit * . 
  you people really need to get out of your basement and get a fucking job, 
  luckily european countries have constitutions and the lowest common denominator of mouthbreathers does not get to write the law as they please, 
  i do n't know what your definition of being grown up is , but having to pay my own bills instead of playing video games all day and whining about money seems to fit the definition reasonably well, 
  and even worse , a company like google could actually afford to pay this stuff , but for startups this would be a terrible situation . 
  same thing with all these anti data-mining laws that are propping up everywhere . 
  digital regulation in europe is just fucking horrible , it 's like every law is written by luddites, 
  lol / r/im14andthisisdeep < -- is over there, 
   language and culture enrich a nation more than money . 
  no actually food and money enrich a nation , i 'm pretty sure about this , i ca n't eat language or culture or build a house with it . 
  this is just nonsensical rambling by people who apparently have never worked in a country that has pulled itself out of poverty in living memory, 
  english is my second language . 
  funny you bring this up because i currently work in singapore , where the government ( under lee kuan yew ) went to great lengths to enforce english over particular languages and dialects in very repressive ways actually . 
  as a result the country is now fully incorporated into the global economy and prosperous . 
  impossible if they were still speaking regional dialects . 
  so yes i 'd definitely agree that this is worthwhile . 
  communication and the material benefit of speaking a common language trump cultural sentimentalities . 
  they really do n't , they article is pretty shitty . 
  the currently measured sperm count in that study which kicked this whole thing off went from 92.8 million/ml to 66.4 million/ml over the course of 40 years . 
  the bound for infertility is 15 million/ml . 
  so while this is an issue worth looking at , by no means is everybody going to be infertile tomorrow . 
  also if a multitude of lifestyle choices are indeed responsible for this ( which seems like a reasonable assumption given the limitation of this to the developed world ) , this will likely level off at some point in the near future .
