  do the people protesting have a plan how to compensate for this ? 
  pinochet was a political dictator . 
  the key feature that set western development apart was political liberalism , not just economical liberalism . 
  likewise sk was run by a military junta up until the mid 70s . 
  turkey under attat\u00fcrk too . 
  laissez faire dictatorships ? 
  what 's that we have n't seen a country go through democratic bottom up development after the initial wave of industrialization . 
  it is not surprising , as it took us almost two centuries without any competition . 
  even orlando figes who is generally critical of the revolution describes it as largely inevitable after the fammines of the 1890s . 
  ( a people 's tragedy is a great book btw ) . 
  running a despotic regime over centuries at some point makes revolutions unavoidable . 
  i have a hard time imagining how it could have been avoided . 
  i also think arguing that a large country could have gone through the same laissez-faire process that western countries went through earlier is not realistic . 
  there was a kind of goldilocks period of history where the first industrialising countries could develop unhindered ( on the back of colonies as well ) , this option was not open to 20th century communist states . 
   might have been like if communism remained a theoretical , and then i get very sad . 
  probably way shittier in the grand scheme of things , for all its faults it got them into space in like 15 years, 
  let 's say terrorism or other threat prevention . 
  we have institutions like europol that make coordination possible , centrally gather information , and then can act decisively . 
  whereas national or even regional forces would be kneecapped by lack of information , tons and tons of exchanges with other institutions and so forth . 
  if you have an immediate threat you send in the federal special forces and start a hq , you do n't leave it to the regions . 
  that sort of stuff . 
  or compare china to india , the former with it 's central government , common language and so forth is much more capable of carrying out measures than india which is in some sense politically paralysed . 
  that 's not to say that centralisation is always great , it has it 's problems and as you point out provinces might face neglect or be overruled , but to tackle the largest problems we have effectively i think it is necessary . 
  you do n't understand the principle of delegating responsibilities upwards ? 
  there 's just about a bazillion reasons for this . 
  sharing knowledge , faster and more capable organisation , tackling problems that can only be approached at sufficient scale and so forth . 
  somebody will always shape the public opinion , it 's hugely formable . 
  the question is just whether you leave it to breitbart , murdoch or a random horde of extremist activists on twitter or whether you intervene when discourse breaks down . 
  there is no such thing as a space in which opinions are not shaped by people who pursue interest . 
  as such we better see that our liberal values are be able to be defended . 
  i dunno what trump has to do with this . 
   if we only target racism from white people we do n't , especially not in the context of germany , where this guy was doing his protest . 
  salafism in germany or other forms of extremism are just as scrutinized . 
  hell * social democratic * chancellor brandt enacted a ban on far left public officials during the cold war . 
  and what if your peers are raging anti-semites and actually support you ? 
  these arguments are so silly . 
  you define the problem away by assuming that hate speech happens in a sea of rationality and that somebody actually punishes the person exercising hate speech . 
  the whole point of stopping this crap is not leaving it to chance . 
   wonder why we 're exporting , building nuclear power capacity and replacing existing structures is expensive . 
  the business in developing countries is booming because they have rapidly growing energy markets . 
  in russia both population shrinkage and slow increase in consumption make building new capacities unnecessary , same story in the west . 
   too old . 
  it does seem though like italians are underrepresented in general though . 
  just anecdotally compare the numbers of italian redditors here to french , german or also polish posters . 
  oh sorry i thought we 're talking about the friedrich ebert thing again , sorry am on phone did n't notice yes that other one is absolutely mental, 
  slightly less so given the chart , the y-axis is the authoritarian measure . 
  that said they are bullish on expanding police capabilities and especially the party leader lindner has taken up a populist tone in recent times . 
  no you have many angry single individuals screaming at each other , without any collective ability to enact policy, 
  this looks like some guy runs it out of his basement . 
  all german parties are in the authoritarian-right quadrant ? 
  what is this , i thought you were joking . 
  this is the worst thing i 've ever seen, 
  what in gods name is this lmao, 
  as in a quote of several `` die linke '' members not their position . 
  they 're pretty nationalistic mostly because they 've got a huge eastern german voting base . 
  nothing biased about this presentation though, 
  try treating american prisoners in a foreign country like shit and see how this goes . 
  some countries do n't throw their principles away like this . 
  because german citizens do n't suddenly lose their rights just because they cross over a border . 
  and no , we should n't try anybody under saudi law , because we do n't practice saudi law . 
  i do n't expect it because the us is probably not going to hand the person over , but if it was within germany 's power to do so i would support it . 
  the case can be made without any emotions . 
  she is a german citizen , as such she ought to be entitled to a trial under german jurisdiction as possible . 
  we do n't endorse the death penalty or torture for criminals of any kind , so we should not tolerate it in this case if can prevent it . 
  it 's literally just a troll account , why do people keep responding to these, 
  goes to show how serious these people are about their faith . 
  it 's just a tool of oppression and politics for them . 
  not everything but this sure is . 
  and it 's not so much put ins stupidity as the stupidity of his followers, 
  sorry but if you 're impressed by a half naked chubby man on a horse you 're either a 19th century cattle rancher or you 're fucking stupid, 
   it speaks to something primal in humans . 
  i do n't think i 'm quite primal enough because to me it just looks like badly done propaganda, 
  probably nobody needed to train the cat to do it either, 
  all of germany and many other countries in europe . 
  in france it 's called * dirigisme * , in scandinavia it 's called [ * tripartism * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tripartism ), 
  oh you 're right , second biggest shareholder then . 
  anyway effect is still the same , the twenty percent stake still gives the state extensive control over the business . 
  ` revolving door ' type mechanisms are basically the american version of intersection but it 's very different . 
  it 's transactional in the sense of `` do this thing for us then we help you '' , in the case of germany the state of lower saxony is literally the largest holder of vw shares . 
  you can also see this in the punitive stance that the us takes towards businesses who cause damage to customers , see dieselgate in the us , and the very soft reaction over here . 
  it 's pretty much true for all of them christian democrats , social democrats , greens and the free democrats ... you get what 's on the label . 
  i mean when we went full on evil mode we put literal skulls on our caps , i do n't think we 're good at subtlety, 
  this is just not correct , japan and us are textbook examples of different economic models , because the connection between state and large scale business is completely inverse . 
  in the us large business and state do not intersect at all . 
  in japan , the large business associations , ( * keidanren * ) etc. . practically do run the government . 
  the us practises hire & fire , japan runs on lifelong employment etc. . 
  they 're textbook examples of different capitalist models . 
  i would say that the uk is actually also similar in the `` hands-off '' approach as far as the economy itself is concerned , but has a larger welfare state . 
  usually when people think about this they distinguish `` managed capitallism '' ( germany , france , japan , maybe china soon-ish ) and the uk , us . 
  i do n't think there is as much state intervention in the uk as in the former countries . 
   you 're very sure of yourself in the short term , but i worry that people like you are going to ensure the far-right 's return in the longer term . 
  because your intolerance is n't so different from that which you 're trying to stamp out . 
  how can you expect future generations to be able to tell the difference ? 
  because these laws exist and have been used since the inception of the federal republic in 1945 . 
  pushing them into the underground is exactly the point . 
  you hit them with the club until they 're marginalised . 
  sure you 're never going to get it out of a subset of the population but this is irrelevant . 
  you just want to diminish their political power . 
  let them have their underground for all i care . 
   just as banning alcohol does n't suddenly make everyone tee-total .
