well , if you see something that looks like [ this ] ( https://frenchedupbeyondallreason.files.wordpress.com/2013/02/france-2-11-13-011.jpg ) get it , it 's amazing . 
  inside the tortilla you have the meat of your choice ( chicken is my personal favorite ) , cheese , fries and salad , all bathed in the sauce of your choice . 
  like i said , best fast food i 've ever had . 
  yeah , in france there 's a kebab pretty much every street , and it 's usually the cheapest fast food . 
  most of those restaurants also do `` tacos '' which are n't like mexican tacos at all , more like wraps , and that is probably the best fast food i 've ever had , it 's amazing . 
  depends on what you get , at mcd 's anything less than a big tasty and i leave hungry . 
  really ? 
  here mcdonalds and burger king are pretty neck and neck as far as quality goes , i personally like the burgers at bk better but mcdonald 's fries are amazing . 
  also kfc is generally seen as good quality fast food . 
  i mean in only 1 year you would n't know . 
  400 years `` is fuppen immortal yet ? '', 
  it takes * forever * to get to those from london though . 
  a few days ago ? 
  hardly , that picture is from 2013 . 
  wrong choice there , i live in porto , i know how things are going , and it stopped being that bad a while ago . 
  and yeah austerity sucked , but it sure beats going bankrupt or letting the banks close ( look how that worked out for people that had money in bes ) . 
  bes went under recently in portugal , google how that went for the people that had money there . 
  what ? 
  it 's not about punishing greece at all , it 's about making their economy a viable one , which it is n't with their current spending , hence them not being able to pay . 
  i do n't think anyone wishes any ill on the greek people , just like they did n't for portugal , spain , italy or ireland , it 's just that there are huge measures that need to be taken for greece 's economy to become viable again and europe ca n't just keep footing the bill as it will stagnate growth in the other countries . 
   because portuguese government have had bad choices for it 's own people ? 
  they were n't bad choices . 
  they were fixing the economy and bringing spending back to a sustainable level . 
  you ca n't overspend for decades and then when it blows up try to maintain the same spending . 
  it just does n't work . 
  and yes it 's going to suck for `` the common people of greece '' but there 's really no other option . 
  it 's like you having a negative bank account , spending more than you 're making each year and then going to the bank and saying `` hey give me more money '' , without making any guarantees that you 're going to spend it wisely , it just does n't work . 
  if you want to blame previous greek governments than yeah i agree they 're the mostly the ones to blame , but that 's not europe 's fault either . 
  well , that 's the thing , it 's a deal to cut government spending to have surplus to pay the debts , it 's never going to be a fun deal . 
  and i think them leaving the eu might very well be the better option for them , but i do n't think it being after this vote saves syriza at all , the next couple years are going to suck for greece if they do go bankrupt . 
  badly . 
  and i really do n't think people are likely to forgive and forget there . 
  hollande has said the vote does n't mean anything , and it should n't really , europe cares about greece being able to pay back their debts , not if their citizens are going to like it . 
  portugal certainly did n't like austerity but we 're slowly coming out of it now and even paying back our debt in advance . 
  it sucks , but you just ca n't keep asking for money and saying `` oh yeah we 'll be good for it i promise '' . 
  there actually needs to be proof of that , and europe 's position on what `` proof '' is does n't change because greek people do n't like it . 
   after a no vote , he can go back and honestly say it 's no longer up to him . 
  if they do n't offer a new deal , there 's nothing he can do . 
  it effectively makes him unable to give in to them , so removes any pressure they can impose . 
  not really , they can just say `` fuck you then '' . 
  europe should be ok with greece leaving , it 's a much bigger hit on greece . 
  bankruptcy fucks syriza 's politics too , since it 's going to suck a lot in the next couple years only to get better later , but at that point , it 's tough to think they could win an election . 
  because we ca n't afford it . 
  it 's shitty , i know , but it 's the truth . 
  europe ca n't even create jobs for people that are already here , so opening immigration is not an option . 
  you 're just making these people be poor in a different part of the world . 
  `` maddie is not here '' i 'm going to hell for laughing at this, 
   $ 29 for earbuds that for the quality and level of comfort they provide should cost $ 5 . 
  come on , that 's not fair . 
  earpods are n't amazing or anything , but they 're pretty good value at 30 $ . 
  plus apple 's customer service is amazing and they replace those for free even out of warranty some times . 
  look i agree with you that it 's too soon to take the headphone jack out , but the moto z having done it as well tells me that that 's where the market is headed . 
  i 'd refrain from purchasing wired headsets for now . 
   you can get an app for free that also offers free encrypted messaging . 
  except that kind of app is only as good as the user base it 's built . 
  if no one in your friend group uses whatsapp for exemple , which is the case for me , then it 's useless . 
  that would colapse the economies of the smaller and poorer countries so fast it would n't last a month . 
  it 's still fuck it in brazilian portuguese . 
  there is also the option to marry a likeable and charismatic person and hope it rubs off on you like a certain presidential candidate, 
  finding politics entertaining does n't mean you do n't take it seriously . 
  i do find the chess game of media perception entertaining , and i think it 's a perspective that gives you a lot of insight into what a candidate actually thinks and what is just posturing . 
  no , you see , all of this can be tied to the money houston paid brock osweiler . 
   he only got in power because the us is not a democracy . 
  careful not to cut yourself on all that edge . 
  the part where there 's a fuckton of `` ifs '' in your arguments . 
  if le pen gets elected ( which is a non starter , she has no chance ) , if she actually does anything against the eu at all ( which france is a semi-presidential country , so she would n't be able to even if she wanted it ) if whatever she does actually causes a collapse of the euro ( which , on the level the you 're talking about , it would n't ) . 
  do i need to keep going or am i disrupting your doomsday narrative too much ? 
  did you write the movie 2012 ? 
  come on dude , turn the sensationalism down a few notches there . 
  maybe alternative facts, 
   turkey is n't going to be joining the eu you could have just stopped there tbh, 
   it 's anti-democratic to imply a load of conditions were part of a vote after the vote took place . 
  come on dude , you obviously know what leaving the eu means , it was very obviously not a `` let 's back out in name only '' , do n't be disingenuous . 
  considering melenchon is fucking crazy i 'd say about 0.01 %, 
   i think she 's a good person with good intentions really ? 
  i think she was definitely the more competent candidate , and not as shitty a person as trump , but when i think of hillary `` good person '' is absolutely not something that comes to mind . 
  bernie , sure , hillary ? 
  not at all . 
   i just do n't think she is classic french president material based on gender and personality though . 
  you could say that about literally every minority or woman candidate ever . 
  yeah , historically they did n't do well , because historically people were a lot more racist and sexist . 
  saying she does n't have a shot right now because she 's a woman and women have n't won in france yet is completely ridiculous . 
  at a bar it 's usually 0.50 to 1 $ for a glass . 
  so , 2.5 to 5 $ for a liter, 
  no , the attack was a warning that the `` red line '' would actually be enforced . 
  there has to be an appropriate response , you do n't go all out straight away , especially with russia 's nuclear bombs standing behind assad . 
  this attack says `` this is what we can do , do n't try us '' . 
  so i think he handled that pretty well , which is surprising given the clusterfuck that has been his presidency . 
  and the showboating and posturing absolutely does damage to the us-russia relationship , because posturing and looking strong is what keeps putin in power and he definitely does not want to look weak . 
  in the end , politics is all about optics , the fact that the damage was minimal does n't really matter all that much . 
   neo liberalism is a selfish , self-serving ideology i 'm not even going to get into the rest of your comment because / u/jtalin has already shown how bullshit it is but yes , humans are selfish and self-serving , you really should have noticed that by now . 
   which he warned russia ( and therefore syria ) * of course * he warned russia . 
  it would be * extremely * dumb not to , that 's how you start ww3 . 
  i mean come on that 's probably the 1 thing he handled reasonably well so far . 
  yeah , rubio ( maybe kasich , but he never really had a chance ) was probably the only one that actually could play well in a national stage but he went all robot . 
   and i doubt the uk government is all that frosty about letting rich russian businessmen settle in london or buy football clubs etc. 
  i mean if they were it would be absolutely retarded , like `` oh you want to bring your money into my country ? 
  no sir i do n't like where you 're from ! '', 
  so not really a great point there . 
  ... what ?
