  it is an incredibly important tool of analysis of historical events . 
   more lenient ? 
  that did make me laugh . 
  they were the worst by far . 
  worse than the belgian congo ? 
  worse that the dutch slavers ? 
  really ? 
  read a book . 
   they really dont . 
  its very british to cover things up , hence the reason for this news story . 
  well i took my gcse 's and a levels in history , and here is the syllabus i took : gcse 1 : nazi germany gcse 2 : woman 's suffrage as level 1 : russia 1887-1955 as level 2 : fall of british raj in india a2 level 1 : britain in ireland a2 level 1 : germany 1900-1945 so yeah , you 're full of shit , mad , or both . 
   look , you are no more responsible than i am for what happened before our birth . 
  precisely , so i find it extremely annoying when brits are branded `` colonialists '' even today , when they are one of the most left wing countries in europe behind germany , and the scandinavian nations . 
  fyi i 'm irish anyway . 
  it 's like me going on about british people who imprisoned my great great uncle and killed him in his cell . 
  they did n't do it recently !, 
  well firstly the title is editorialised poorly . 
  so we 're off to a great start . 
  secondly , there is a good argument for this , though i do n't say i agree with it entirely . 
  from the article : * `` at the end of last year , judges in strasbourg faced a backlog of nearly 152,000 cases , of which an estimated 90,000 will be categorised as `` inadmissible '' . 
  '' * the changes will not `` limit '' the echr whatsoever , rather handle smaller cases that need not jam up the uk 's wheels of justice , or the eu 's . 
  a prime example is abu qatada who has threatened and conspired to kill british citizens by use of terror attacks , publicly , several times . 
  currently the echr says we ca n't send him back to his country . 
  this is plainly ridiculous . 
  the changes will lead to greater efficiency for the echr which has britain 's full support . 
  and will lead to much greater efficiency for britain . 
  something definitely is rotten in britain . 
  but i do n't think it 's this . 
   estimates of 1.8 billion deaths in india . 
  right . 
  so , more people than there were on earth up until 1920 ? 
  yeah i 'd love to see those `` facts '' . 
   the same kind of famines as happened in ireland , starvation was a uniquely british tactic , even up to 1943 when they let the bengalis starve to death so they coule feed the troops back home . 
  starvation was n't a tactic at all . 
  what kind of ridiculous colonial power are you thinking of that * deliberately * starves its colonies . 
  if this were the case it would have been the british empire for about 5 minutes . 
   the british empire was an evil regime and their history is caked with death and blood . 
  i would hesitate to say `` evil '' because again , we have to look at its contemporaries . 
  however , it certainly was n't pleasant . 
   there is no national conscience about their acts because they are swept under the carpet . 
  nonsense , yes there is . 
  nobody in britain is in two minds about the british involvement in ireland . 
  however there is much evidence to suggest that as colonial powers go , they were more lenient than most . 
   they are n't covered in the history curriculum . 
  they simply dont get mentioned . 
  you must be joking . 
  they dominate the history curriculum . 
   the irish were victims of british oppression for many hundreds of years yes . 
  very true . 
   apparently the nazis were worse yeah , okay . 
   white slavery was okay because everybody else was at it . 
  i 'm saying it 's not okay , but the point is that it is ridiculous to single out britain as the one big bad guy here , as it was literally most of europe doing it . 
  they were all equally shitty . 
  however the british in many cases ( such as india ) were deliberately not so bad , so that they could discourage revolution . 
  in ireland however , they were vile . 
  my over arching point is that we should n't get all nationalistic about it , and it is important to take into account contemporary context . 
  these are the facts , and to call britain today `` fascist '' is plainly ridiculous . 
  well * my * country certainly was n't bad . 
  as i 'm irish . 
  stop making assumptions . 
   the ethnic cleansing , the slavery , the famines . 
  there was no ethnic cleansing , apart from cromwell , but im assuming we 're not going back to medieval times . 
  slavery ?? 
  and there was one famine caused by britain . 
  the others were mitigated by export control . 
  look , i do n't know if you 're irish or not , but if you are , you clearly know nothing about irish or british history . 
  blame where blame is due , credit where credit is due . 
   if we add into that up to two million deaths in three years in the irish famine no . 
  7 years  1 million people emigrated with a significantly high death toll on the coffin ships . 
  if they died on private transport ships that has nothing to do with the brits . 
   i think we could probably surpass that lowly 13 million `` probably '' `` lowly 13 million '' what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
   we are probably talking hundreds of millions here oh are we `` probably '' . 
  how about some facts to back that up . 
   did you even ever understand those words , or why john lydon , a second generation irish chap might have wrote them ? 
  because he was an anti-monarchist irish republican ? 
  obviously ? 
   it 's a fascist regime . 
  it always has been no it is n't it was a classic liberal `` libertarian '' regime . 
  and if you 're saying modern britain is fascist that you 're ridiculous . 
  in short , you 're full of shit . 
  syntax . 
  the queen said that the two countries have a dark history and that she had wished they had been different . 
  to say the word `` sorry '' for something such as british colonialism in ireland , would be pretty childish and crass . 
  insulting to irish people who died . 
   have the royals ever apologised for how their commonwealth came to be founded ? 
  have they ever shown an ounce of shame ? 
  yes ? 
  [ here 's the ireland apology ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2011/may/18/queen-ireland-apology-britains-actions ) there are loads more . 
  my point was that i do n't understand why everyone picks on british colonialism ( which was awful ) when pretty much every european power was a colonial power , and were almost all as bad * if not worse * that britain ? 
  well not much to be honest , as it does n't have pre-british famine statistics . 
   oh my god youre beginning to sound american , face it , british history is evil , the british empire was worse than the nazis . 
  right , i 'd like to see some statistics please . 
  because last time i checked , nazi germany murdered 13 million men women and children , not including those killed in acts of war . 
  they also practiced a `` scorched earth '' policy . 
  so if we check that against the british empire , looks like you 're full of shit . 
   that kind of sums up british arrogance right , because you 're definitely not biased or anything . 
  what 's your point ? 
  if anything you 're just agreeing with me . 
  the brits , the french and in particular the dutch were all at it . 
  slavery went on for centuries .
