  both of them did a good job . 
  he is responsible for me getting into university , because under his administration , help for people with learning difficulties such as dyslexia was established . 
  i am a heavily dyspraxic person studying at a top 20 university now , thanks to blair 's policies . 
  so ... swings and roundabouts . 
   let 's bash the french , the old boys always love it !, 
  i would say its the opposite !, 
  more like `` oh shit the french are doing well , why are n't we doing the same ? '', 
  admittedly france has got some negative press because of its increasingly polarised politics , but that is irrepresentative of the general trend . 
  for example , the british press are always going on about how much better french rail infrastructure is . 
  i wish we still had nationalised rail . 
  i honestly think french people hate english people way more than we hate you . 
  hating the french is a joke because nobody here actually seriously hates the french , you 're our closest neighbors and share most of our political ideas . 
  can you translate please ? 
  is n't it pretty much standard to burn all state documents on exit of a country ? 
  it is the only alternative . 
  the labour party . 
  the greens and lib dems are totally feckless . 
  i 'm not sure about scottish politics , but as far as i can see salmond seems like a bit of a rabble rousing shambles to me as well . 
  who would you choose ? 
  they 're our neighbours , and also uk politics is a bit boring at the moment . 
  simple as that really . 
   the honest truth is that poland can not trust the uk ( and the us and france ) to be a reliable ally when it really needs them . 
  could you elaborate on this ? 
  i 'm sick of these layabout proles acting like teeth are a * right * and not a * privilege * . 
  if they want teeth maybe they should get a job and work hard to earn them !, 
  bloody immigrants/muslims/chavs . 
  its only london really . 
  i suppose i expect it with the complicated infrastructure of large cities . 
  [ gchq and european spy agencies worked together on mass surveillance ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2013/nov/01/gchq-europe-spy-agencies-mass-surveillance-snowden ) why are people still pretending to be outraged . 
  he did n't have an arabic name , he had a sri lankan name . 
  indians and sri lankans are generally very well liked in britain . 
  i doubt this was a racially motivated attack , but its possible . 
  however , speculating and asking `` what ifs '' is not helpful here . 
  just leads to misinformation . 
  well you joke , but the good-vibe-o-tron ( gvot ) has n't wibbly-bobbled at this frequency since early 2008 just before the financial crisis . 
  so things are looking better . 
  u jelly ? 
  probably the most sensationalist article i have ever read . 
  ooh !, 
  i went recently !, 
  they do them so differently than in the uk . 
  they are delicious . 
  we averaged 2 per night over 8 days . 
  i like the ruin bars and tea houses of budapest , and i love how welcoming they are to travellers . 
  i love the citadel on top of the city , and how they mix eastern and western european architectural styles . 
  to be honest , it 's a massive hangover from new labour . 
  the mistake of tuition fees was made over a decade ago when we tried to get 50 % of kids into uni . 
  now we have a horrible snobbery to non-academics because not going to uni is seen as `` dropping out '' . 
  just the smaller population i 'm guessing . 
  theres just over 60 million on our tiny island , and about 5 million on yours . 
  although i hear that the irish actually drink more tea per capita than the english . 
  i 'd say the only place you see british nationalism is northern ireland . 
  scotland is not a hotbed of british nationalism , it is a hotbed of scottish nationalism . 
  scottish nationalism is not british nationalism , it is ( by definition ) a separatist nationalist movement , which currently holds a strong majority in scottish parliament . 
  the same is true of wales . 
  english political attitudes range from : sickeningly apologetic , to : not very apologetic . 
  the truth is that a lot of people throw around the word nationalism unfairly . 
  if you go to sweden for example ( one of your socialist paradises , no ? ), 
  they have an extremely strong national identity . 
  the same is also true of germany who have taken a leadership role in europe about as gracefully as anyone could hope for . 
  you want to see nationalism ? 
  i suggest you take a trip to hungary , or bulgaria . 
  british nationalism is actually extremely taboo in britain . 
  so you do n't know what you 're talking about ? 
  this subreddit is pretty snobbish about america though . 
  there are plenty of fantastic things about the us that eclipse anything we have here in europe , and we rarely give them credit for it . 
  that said , there are more than a small amount of things to criticise america about . 
  in 1776 the gdp of the british colonies/plantations in the carribean was 5 times that of all 13 colonies in america combined . 
  this is most likely the reason the british did not commit their best forces to putting down the revolution , and so ultimately went the way of the french and decided it was more trouble than it was worth . 
  i 'm reading a book about the british empire currently , and naturally france is mentioned a fair amount . 
  the author states that the french empire was built on land , for prestige ; whereas the british empire was built on trade by piratical merchants , for no other purpose than to generate money . 
  for this reason the french empire was less successful . 
  would you agree with that ? 
  it would be good to get a french perspective . 
  i 'm seriously thinking of putting a lot of money on the independence vote being to stay in the uk, 
  well unemployment figures are down , deficit is decreasing , so i guess things are improving in the uk . 
  i sure as hell do n't . 
  pleasantly suprised by the uks rating . 
  thought it would be way up there . 
   ah yes , because clinging on to what happened 70 years ago is the perfect way to show how relevant you are today . 
  seems like you 're the only one here who cares about the uk 's past enough to get all hot and bothered about it . 
  what are you , french ? 
  seems about right , you 've not got a hell of a lot to be proud of . 
   the isolationism charge is easy to see regarding the rest of europe right because tying ourselves to countries like france , italy and greece is such a good idea ? 
  how foolish the british are to not run head first in the the mire that is the eurozone . 
   houses one of the biggest legal and financial hot air bubbles in the world i notice we 're conveniently ignoring the usa here , which has a debt of nearly 17 trillion dollars , and yet is the most powerful nation on earth . 
  the uk having debt in a * world * recession is not news to anybody . 
   you 're equally crappy as the rest of europe , you 're just the last to get the memo . 
  on the contrary i think europe is a lovely place that tends to fuck itself over with stupid legislation and subsidies . 
  which naturally we , as people looking out for our selves , want a limited part of . 
  butthurt much . 
   `` the british empire '' appears to figure only in the minds of brits these days . 
  and of course anybody who has heard of anything before 1945 . 
   you 're that isolationist lol what . 
  moving swiftly on ...  us lapdog country that 's gone to shit financially right , and that 's why the uk is the sixth largest economy in the * world * while being a tiny little island of the north coast of france is it ? 
  have since edited the comment , as i accidently pressed save far too early . 
  this is actually the opposite of the tragedy of the commons . 
  ( which is equally destructive ) the tragedy of the commons suggests that in a collectivised society , individuals will always undermine the common good , and ultimately themselves , for personal gain . 
  in this instance however , the resources are being spread too thinly , rather than being greedily claimed by individuals within the society already . 
  personally i do n't see why we do n't all have a nice big trade agreement with a few human rights common laws , and then leave it as that .
