  if you are on # 30,000 a year , you are in a good positition to pay back your loan . 
  where have you grown up to think that # 30,000 is a small salary ? 
  also , you ca n't make the rich pay back more money than they 've borrowed just because they 're successful . 
  that is just ludicrous . 
  also it is absolutely nothing like poll tax . 
  poll tax targeted the poor . 
  fixed rates always affect the poor the worst . 
  you are complaining that top 40 % of earners are having to pay back their student loans at an interest free rate . 
  you basically do n't know what you 're on about . 
  i will conclude by saying that i am a student and you can believe me when i say i spent more than a few weeks deliberating of my student loan details to find out exactly what i was getting myself in to . 
   it can be viewed as a fixed value tax for most . 
  no it ca n't !, 
  it is not a fixed rate . 
  poorer people get payment breaks and grants for specifically this reason . 
  a fixed rate is something like poll tax , which makes no allowance for the economically incapable . 
   no indication of that at all . 
  ffs the man is running under a policy platform of one nation conservatism . 
  `` one nationhood '' is not fucking conservativism . 
  it is unrelated to left-right politics . 
  http://www.moneymarketing.co.uk/pensions/david-miliband-limit-pension-tax-relief-to-26k/1064023.article http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/ed-miliband-condemns-top-rate-tax-cut-7580341.html  what talent ? 
  back benchers , as i 've already said . 
   tuition fees are still a fixed charge for everyone above a certain income . 
  but the conditions for paying back costs are dependent on your personal success . 
  if you are unsuccessful there is a social `` safety net '' that means you no longer have to pay . 
  also , poorer students get grants and much bigger loans ( if requested ) . 
  well off students do not get these privileges . 
   regulation is not the same as state ownership . 
  regulation is n't even really a left or right wing thing , just not neoliberal . 
  state regulation of the price of a commodity , especially energy , is absolutely socialist . 
  it is socialism in one of its purest forms . 
   by how much ? 
  23 % corp tax instead of 21 % ? 
  it 's not much different but they ca n't just hike it up all at once . 
  the point is it will steadily increase under miliband . 
   face it , we 've still got new labour . 
  no , we 've got a shit shadow of new labour . 
  the labour party is full of talent , and yet they put some of their least likable people in the public eye . 
  i honestly believe that labour do not want power , and when they do , a better man than miliband will be nominated by labour . 
  - tuition fee reduction ( education based not on economic class ) - regulation of the price of energy ( artificial prices set by state ) - state owned investment bank to invest in british infrastructure ( not relying on private firms for the lions share of investment ) - halting corporation tax cuts - support of the 50p tax rate questions ? 
  so i 'm wrong for thinking that the leader of a social democrat workers party who claims to be a socialist publicly , is a socialist . 
  makes a lot of sense to me . 
  well i actually agree with you that the tories are about 85 % morally bankrupt , however , labour are no shining example . 
  i am disgusted with labour 's performance in recent years . 
  they played fast and loose with the future of our nations youth , inflated university admission to ridiculous levels for pointless courses ( sorry , but we only need so many sociologists in one country ) and caused a great deal of sectarianism with their misguided policy of `` multiculturalism '' which they themselves have now admitted was a failure . 
  under labour it was impossible to challenge the idea of multiculturalism without being shouted down as `` racist '' when in reality the whole principle was wrong . 
  how much sectarian violence is there in america ? 
  almost none . 
  because when you come to america you subscribe to the american way , and all are welcome . 
  that is the model we should be following , and it is one of the only good social policies to come out of america . 
  also nick clegg is a bandwagon jumping piece of shit . 
  fuck that guy . 
  i will say however i do quite like a lot of labour backbenchers ( the centrist ones ) but not ed balls , milliband or any of his hypocritical gang of wannabe lenins . 
  `` a brutal assault from ideologically-crazed demagogues '' we are talking about a center-right , western democratic government reducing unemployment benefits . 
  how anybody takes anything written in the independent seriously is beyond me . 
  i can just about stomach the guardian , which for all it 's bias does have some quality journalists writing for it . 
  but between laurie penny and this fuckwit i find the independent unreadable , and unreliable at best . 
  `` the thick of it '' is great for british politics . 
  the song is `` to build a home '' by `` the cinematic orchestra '', 
  5 years `` i was right '', 
  it shows corbyn 's popularity immediately after his election . 
  this can be compared to other labour leaders at this stage . 
  michael foot ( labour 's least successful leader ) was more popular than corbyn is now at this stage . 
  jeremy corbyn is the least popular leader in the party 's history . 
  the poll is backed up by the mass defections and resignations of the entire shadow cabinet . 
  this is an opinion poll , not a poll to predict the 2020 election . 
  well polling suggests that it will . 
  threats of mass defections suggest that it will . 
  mass resignations suggest that it will . 
  why would anybody who is n't some kind of metropolitan-champagne-communist vote for jeremy corbyn ? 
  his policies are insane . 
  treating eating meat as as unhealthy as smoking ? 
  `` opening up a dialogue '' on the sovereignty of the falkland islands ? 
  joining the schengen zone ? 
  women only carriages on trains ? 
  these are all policies which attack what traditional working class , and lower middle class people care about . 
  they will all vote either tory or ukip . 
  well it 's a pretty big disaster when labour loses all of its marginal seats is n't it . 
  corbyn is the most unpopular labour leader out of the gate * ever * . 
  we can expect a 1983 election result in 2020 . 
  if you 're poor , you 're doomed . 
  corbyn 's election has given the tories carte blanche to do what they want and guarantee re-election . 
  what does that even mean ? 
  the day corbyn was elected was a disaster for working class people of the uk . 
  he 's doomed us all . 
  britain is * by far * the largest european state funder of refugee camps . 
  in fact our foreign aid budget is 30 % higher than the next country behind us , germany . 
  the uk is second only to the usa in how much foreign aid it gives . 
  is it an extra-judicial killing if they are openly an enemy combatant ? 
  to be honest i get the impression that helmets and pads make the game much more dangerous . 
  more concussions . 
  only one way to find out then !, 
  bring on 2016 !, 
  we should call that plan : `` how to make sure the uk leaves the eu in 2016 '' . 
  anti-homeless spikes were put outside one hotel and were universally reviled by the british public . 
  what does the west have to gain by funding islamists ? 
  budapest was absolutely fantastic . 
  the bars are just amazing , the baths were fun too . 
  i loved the history of the place and learning about the uprising against the soviets which was then brutally crushed . 
  fascinating ( if horrible ) stuff . 
  the kebabs were also top notch .
