  fuck the homogenisation of global culture . 
  and before i 'm accused of being a `` little englander '' , i am exactly the opposite . 
  in a united states of europe how long is it before your nations language is replaced by english ? 
  really ? 
  i do n't want that , i want to visit germany and experience germany , not experience `` slightly-cleaner-version-of england '' . 
  do you have any evidence of the presence of english people at the rally ? 
  virtually nobody in europe speaks esperanto fluently , and virtually everybody in europe speaks english . 
  you tell me which is more practical . 
  yeah criticising somebody 's culture and criticising their race are two different things . 
  statistically yes , they are . 
  for a variety of reasons . 
  i ca n't believe we were literally the last bastion in europe against racism in the largest war ever fought , and people are coming out with this kind of shit . 
  fyi , yes i do believe immigration should be curbed for a few reasons , mainly to do with allowing current immigrants to assimilate , easing social tensions and others . 
  however , that is not a free pass to start blaming poverty on the amount of melanin in somebody 's skin . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  poor people have higher crime rates . 
  i am shocked to my very core . 
  fuck me europe is racist . 
  oh i meant by poll results . 
  but i suppose members are a better measure . 
  3rd biggest in britain though . 
  and thank god it did n't become communist , or it would have been a complete bloody basket case . 
  i for one thought he defended himself well . 
  mairs points were all ad hominem , and all pretty weak as far as i could see . 
  does anyone in ireland speak only gaelic anymore ? 
  none of my cousins do , and there are quite a few of them . 
  fair enough , i 'd be pissed too . 
  edit : ooh it 's my cake day !, 
  well i 'll be damned , you 've got me by the balls . 
  you should be president . 
  [ btw ] ( http://i0.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/newsfeed/000/154/912/berneydidnotread.gif?1318992465 ), 
  ugh it 's the old `` neo-liberalism vs. 
  planned national economies chestnut '' if the brightest and best ca n't agree we never will . 
  also , i do n't know enough about it , but the jist is this : with privatised industry , the wealth extremely rarely is distributed to the local area , and is very often simply exported to the company 's base-nation . 
  ( usually usa ) . 
  however , with nationalised industry we are subject to the inefficiency and bureaucracy bred by lack of competition . 
  therefore it 's my view that material industries should be private ( should there be a call for such a move ) , but public transport and healthcare should always be nationalised . 
  because they are industries where profits should be secondary to the good of the people . 
  also , privatisation of public transport in england especially has led to absolutely no improvements whatsoever , and the trains are still always late as fuck . 
  a healthy mix is what 's best, 
  they are all white except for milliband , not that race has any bearing on who i vote for . 
  this was almost 200 years ago ? 
  is that george `` we 're all in this together '' osborne getting out of a * gold * mercedes ? 
  and there i was thinking britain had in-house issues with the north/south divide . 
  but the islanders want to be part of the uk , so surely it 's their oil , not yours ? 
  nice to see that these days . 
  * grumble grumble ... * well done france * grumble grumble ... *, 
  true , but i did n't want to waste the effort on comprehensively shutting down his argument with actual cited facts , because he simply would n't have cared . 
  so i just made him feel sad instead . 
  because i am a bad person . 
  how so ? 
  celts used to make up ~ 100 % of britain , now they are probably well under 8 % . 
  people in jersey , the hebrides etc call themselves british , n.ireland can too ( if they want ) . 
  bristol , and brighton . 
  in england . 
  honestly i 'd be pretty unimpressed if he had n't killed a talib or three . 
  he is after all in a flying tank . 
  contrary to the beliefs of almost everyone in this subreddit , europe is not an important issue for most british people . 
  it will not be a divisive issue in the election . 
  you must be joking . 
  i 'll save my money . 
  incumbent parties almost never are . 
  i 'm genuinely thinking of betting some serious money on the tories winning the next election , purely as it 's such a shoe in . 
  it is also very unusual for a party to have just one term in office . 
  it has happened , but it 's rare . 
  which will happen , let 's face it . 
  labour has n't been this unpopular since michael foot . 
  adding to your list : sussex - south saxons hampshire - land surrounding hantun cornwall - horned land/headland devon ( shire ) - land of the valley people somerset - people who live around the farm town of sumortun ( possibly originally something to do with sea-settlers ? 
  i ca n't remember ) dorset ( shire ) - idk this one but wikipedia says it 's `` land of fist sized pebbles '', 
  well allowing germany to use it 's railways , ports , and other infrastructures unhindered . 
  was n't very neutral . 
  allowing germany to set up a government in their country was n't very neutral . 
  allowing troops to be garrisoned in what was considered an easy posting for the german soldier was n't very neutral . 
   sweden was neutral and was n't touched during ww2 . 
  please be joking . 
   the battle of britain was going horribly until you were given the time to adapt to german air tactics . 
  false . 
  it was the invention of radar which turned the tide of battle . 
  yet more evidence you have n't got a fucking clue what you 're on about . 
   regarding the battle at sea . 
  you do know that the beginning of the war was regarded as the happy time for the german submarines right ? 
  and then the british developed sonar and captured their enigma machine and wiped the floor with them . 
  what you 're saying is `` the germans were very strong but then the british adapted and beat them '' which is worthy of praise , not scorn . 
   until your overseas cousins and the russians came to ** your rescue ** what , you mean the only european country that did n't collaborate with or get conquered by the nazis/communists ? 
  nice logic there pal . 
   your airforce crushed , your supply lines raided by subs and your army was sitting pretty . 
  shows how much you know . 
  the best parts about the british military were its airforce and navy . 
  heard of the battle of britain ? 
  well the british then . 
  at the time i was but a glint in an irishman 's eye . 
  nice adjectives bro . 
  yeah we should have never bothered saving the french . 
  or norway , for that matter . 
  either way , the army was an absolute shambles , cowards or not . 
  and the `` french resistance '' which is so commonly touted by french nationalists as their finest hour , was almost entirely useless . 
  moreover , the level of collaboration in france was overwhelming . 
  half the country actively wanted nazi rule . 
  france 's performance in the second world war was a disgrace , and will never be anything other than that . 
  are we conveniently forgetting that half of the country more or less willingly went over to nazi rule ?
