   because clearly it is impossible to be a muslim and a feminist , or to wear the hijab as a choice , you ignorant dummy . 
  if you bothered to read what i wrote rather than entering in to what i think may just be the most self righteous thing i 've ever read , you would see that i actively advocate islamic reform . 
   just as there are clearly no problems with white european men raping white european women . 
  do you see me supporting that ? 
  but fyi , in islamic countries the rate of sexual assault makes our sexual assault rates look like a joke . 
   oh , do you now ? 
  do tell , i 've always wanted to hear what rudyard kipling 's books are like . 
  * facepalm * so ... much ... ignorance ... 
  well indeed not , as homosexuality is grounds for beheading , as is ( i would imagine ) sending offensive tweets to those in power . 
  if their theocratic regime even let them have twitter that is . 
  funfact that 's completely off topic : in ancient greece a knife was once found guilty of murder , and put to death by drowning . 
  it was found guilty because it could say nothing in its own defence . 
  yeah because russia were really well behaved in afghanistan and did n't so much as drop litter ... / s all the usa did was arm rebels to free their own country . 
  the trouble is , those rebels then did a shit job of running afghanistan . 
  yet more evidence that religious fundamentalism mixed with government is a fucking terrible idea . 
  no you 're not right . 
  iran became a basket case when the religious nutjobs came in to power and banned women from going to school , and started stoning people to death at sports events . 
   dude , wtf ? 
  you ca n't just make up stuff and then call it `` moderate islam '' . 
  who are you to define what moderate islam is and what not ? 
  a man who constantly sees ultra conservative muslims call themselves `` moderate '' . 
  which is why i drew the comparison of the word `` moderate '' with the behaviours i then described , which were not moderate . 
  i was making a point . 
  this is what i dislike about the left wing , and i am by no means a uk conservative , but it irritates me how the left seem to slap the label `` racist '' on people who call out another culture on their fucking disgraceful behaviour . 
  i take it you do n't hate gays , women , or ( obviously ) people of other religions or no religion . 
  then why are you protecting people who do hate them !, 
  want those people to change ? 
  then stop saying its okay . 
  my friend , jamilla her name is , was saying exactly this . 
  muslims behave like this because they see it as the right way to behave . 
  there is nothing inherently wrong with someone because of where they 're from or what they look like , but we can not allow this kind of behaviour in the west , and the only way to make them change is to stand up to it . 
   if you knew anything about india , i know more about the british raj than i care to mention . 
  we are talking about integration into western/european society . 
  hindu 's here are overwhelmingly peaceful people . 
  there has never been a hindu terrorist attack in the west . 
   just like you would never accept your `` friend '' or what ? 
  perhaps you misunderstand me . 
  i will never accept islam in its current state . 
  jamilla is a liberal , westernised muslim , who believes in universal suffrage and independant womanhood . 
  if all muslims start to act like that , then ill make friends with them all . 
  i dont have a problem with muslims , i have a problem with islam . 
  well `` moderate '' islam , does not allow women to go out un-chaperoned , forces them to wear incredibly uncomfortable ( hot ) clothing , and cover their faces , and has an endemic problem with rape and sexual assault ( a female muslim friend of mine has discussed this openly at a youth-politics meeting . 
  she said that the only way to stop this behaviour is to challenge it , and i agree with her ) . 
  one of two things needs to happen : 1 . 
  islam needs to reform to the point that christianity , judaism , hinduism , and sikhism are at now . 
  benign cultural identities that do n't really do much harm . 
  this is not a war on religion , or even a war on islam . 
  it is a criticism , and a demand that they modernise their way of life before we are forced to suffer such horrible discrimination against women , gays , and other ethnicities . 
  islam will never be accepted in the west . 
  google : `` xenophobia : intense or irrational dislike or fear of people from other countries '' i have no problem with people from other countries . 
  i do have problems with a culture that advocates the execution by beheading or stoning of a woman who has been raped . 
  unlike christianity , or judaism which have each moved on from the barbaric practices that can be found in the books of timothy and leviticus , if ever they were observed at all ; islamic countries continue to incorporate this bizarre and terrible doctrine into their justice systems , and is supported by the vast and overwhelming majority of muslims in those countries . 
  i do n't care about being `` politically correct '' . 
  if i see human rights abuses , i will not stand for them . 
  religion does not get a free pass . 
  i do n't know why we 're still pretending that islam is `` lovely really '' . 
  it has no place in western society whatsoever . 
  it is horribly misogynistic . 
  advocates public execution , and advocates holy war . 
  not to mention that it fucking ravages any country where it gets any kind of traction in politics . 
  iran used to be a cool place . 
  np mate , probably got a bit carried away didnt i haha !, 
  see a doctor, 
  i know , i thought he was a troll at first , but ive seen him around in serious discussions . 
  he 's in reality just very racist . 
  firstly , the fact that you would childishly use a clip from billy madison does n't exactly speak volumes to your defence . 
   but it does , to put things in the proper historical context . 
  and then you say nothing afterwards . 
  the history of israel has little or nothing to do with the cold war , other than perhaps the re-militarisation of the muhajadeen to fight the russians who then turned on israel . 
  but then that was happening anyway . 
   why should the onus fall on israel ? 
  onus to do what ? 
  make your point !, 
  it 's like talking to a fucking child !, 
   the palestinian teritories are n't enclaves , how about their `` brothers '' in egypt and jordan ? 
  the borders are completely shut down by israel . 
  last time an international aid ship carrying food tried to help the palestinians , israeli troops killed the volunteers on board . 
  see here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gaza_flotilla_raid  does n't israel have the right to defend itself ? 
  why should they do ? 
  stay idle while palestinians launch rocket attacks ? 
  if palestinians ca n't police themselves someone has to do it for them . 
  this is fucking textbook circular logic . 
  the reason the palestinians are launching rockets is because of the reasons i have gone through three times now . 
  in case you somehow fucking missed that , here they are again : `` the population is forced to live in poor conditions ( often shanty towns ) having their homes , farms , and infrastructure regularly destroyed . 
  their arable land is seized by militant zionist settlers ( who the state of israel claims not to endorse , but i see fuck all being done about it ) . 
  to pass from district to district you have to pass through multiple checkpoints , any one of which can deny you access without any reason . 
  you can be detained indefinitely . 
  israel holds all of the high ground in gaza with hilltop `` settlements '' from which israeli militants descend into palestinian territory often killing civilians . 
  the only way it is n't a giant concentration camp is that the palestinians are given the option to leave their homes with nothing . 
  they can not sell their homes , they ca n't take their possessions or livelihood with them . '', 
   so if you 're a sovereign state you have the right to curtail the freedom of movement of your citizens ? 
  firstly that is what is known as a `` straw man argument '' , as if i needed any further proof you were under the age of 16 . 
  secondly no i am not fucking saying that . 
  i am saying what i said . 
  which was , if you recall ( i know children find it hard to concentrate ) that burma is a sovereign state not repressing another states people to the benefit of its own . 
   so , according to you , all israel has to do to move palestinians into actual concentration camps in an acceptable manner is to grant them citizenship first , right ? 
  just fucking read this then talk to me : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/straw_man  they 're not forced , they 're free to leave . 
  i thought you understood that . 
  they are forced to live in poor conditions , or leave their homes , money , and livelyhood to start another life away from their own country . 
  why should they be forced to do one of those two things ?
