  here is an interesting anecdote from a hunter s. thompson article called ` fear and loathing on the campaign trail ' : * `` this is one of the oldest and most effective tricks in politics . 
  every hack in the business has used it in times of trouble , and it has even been elevated to the level of political mythology in a story about one of lyndon johnson 's early campaigns in texas . 
  * * the race was close and johnson was getting worried . 
  finally he told his campaign manager to start a massive rumour campaign about his opponent 's life-long habit of enjoying carnal knowledge of his barnyard sows . 
  * * `` christ , we ca n't get away with calling him a pig-f **** r , '' the campaign manager protested . 
  `` nobody 's going to believe a thing like that . '' * * `` i know , '' johnson replied . 
  `` but let 's make the sonofab ***** h deny it . '' *, 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen him say words to the effect of : my religion does not dictate my political views , other than my belief in providing for the poorest in society . 
  totally anecdotal i know . 
  but i 'm just not convinced he 's any kind of bigot . 
  tim farron does not hate gays , he is just a christian who believes that marriage is more of a sacramental institution than a legal one . 
  the reality is the opposite , but it does n't make him a bigot to believe in something unfashionable . 
  he was a bit of a fall guy . 
  iain duncan smith is not a top tier politician ( though he did once lead the tory party ) . 
  he was given a position as work and pensions secretary because he would make unpopular ( yet necessary ) decisions , while cameron could avoid the blame . 
  the original company ` atos ' did a bad job , and eventually left the contract under heavy criticism . 
  the new company which performs the fitness for work tests , ` maximus ' , are more reasonable . 
  truthfully though , the problem was created by tony blair . 
  tony blair improved employment figures by taking people off jobseekers allowance , and putting them on disability benefit . 
  this is what caused the issue in the first place . 
  i have a masters degree from ucl ( y ), 
  well its unsurprising that the younger metropolitan crowd are more left wing . 
  i 'm 23 , but i honestly believe that education is like a ` regressive ' indoctrination machine . 
  there 's nothing wrong with being socially minded , that 's different ; but young people today are taught to hate themselves and blame others for their problems . 
  it 's like we 're being coached to be passive and not engage in the world around us . 
  i think that 's why the eu referendum has gained this reactionary following . 
  it feels like the last chance we will have to actually control our county again . 
  my grandad was in this war for his national service . 
  people are n't rioting because it is n't that bad , and already many politicians are in favour of change . 
  so the problem will be fixed shortly , it would seem . 
  first one really hits home, 
  the issue i take is mainly with your tone of attack , rather than suggestions for an alternative . 
  however your case is not without merit , i would just prefer it if people would have solutions in mind , rather than discussing how appropriate or ineffective things are . 
  anyway i wo n't be replying as i 'm going out now , but have a good night . 
   ultimately i think the goal is for as many people from different perspectives to discuss matters such as this until enough of us reach a consensus large enough to change the direction of the political process this is true , but it 's also a really bad attitude to have . 
  you are saying that the issue needs `` discussion '' as if it has n't already been discussed over and over . 
  it would be fair enough if there was a better alternative that you had , but you do n't even have an alternative to create an opinion or argument for . 
  you 're damning a system to which there is no better alternative . 
  and you may say you 're a dreamer , but right now we do n't need any more dreams . 
  we need actual solutions to actual problems , and absolutely none of those solutions are going to be pleasant ; but they 're all going to be better than no solution at all . 
  ** my point summarised : ** do n't attack a system when you have no better ideas yourself yet refuse to acknowledge the positives of the system . 
  `` generating discussion '' is not a get-out-of-jail-free card , especially when you 're using rhetoric like `` workers of the continent unite '' in some kind of pseudo-communist diatribe . 
  i appreciate your point of view that this is grossly unfair on this unfortunate woman . 
  however , it 's no good saying `` workers of the world unite !, 
  death or victory ! '', 
  if you do n't have an actual plan . 
  what is to be done ? 
  if you have never worked , nobody will hire you . 
  this woman is receiving benefits and a degree of work experience which will help her to get a job in future . 
  yes , it sucks for her . 
  yes , i feel sorry for her . 
  but before mindlessly criticising the establishment , ask yourself `` what can be done to create a long term solution to this issue '' . 
  give a man a fish and he 'll eat for a day , give him a rod and he 'll learn to fish . 
  that is where is originates from . 
  to a certain extent i do think its a two way street , and jews are ( perhaps understandably ) quite an insular culture as a result of their treatment . 
  but even so , i wonder how anti-semitism still exists . 
  i reckon if the israel-palestine conflict was resolved and somebody murdered the rothschilds we 'd be done with anti-semitism completely . 
  hezbollah do definitely target israeli civilians though ? 
  it does n't matter how noble your cause is , if you kill civilians , you are by definition a terrorist as you are instigating change in a nation 's policy through the people 's fear of domestic warfare . 
  much like the ira , they attack military personnel ( not very nice , but can be considered legitimate warfare ) but they are also terrorists because of civilian casualties . 
  states can not be terrorists because of their status as a nation state . 
  they can be absolute scumbags , who deserve everything coming to them , but they are not * technically * terrorists . 
  this is why ( i thought ) hezbollah are terrorists , but israel is an oppressive state of systematic persecution against palestinians ( but not terrorists ) . 
  you have yet to offer any explanation as to what was wrong with my statement . 
  proffer an argument , or shut up . 
  genuine question : can somebody explain to me why they are n't ? 
  they seem to do some pretty terroristy stuff . 
   where did you get that from ? 
  why else would you bring up the victorian era ? 
   you still do n't get why your initial comment was moronic . 
  and why was that ? 
  oh no wait , it was n't and makes perfect sense . 
  also , everybody speaks english . 
  like it or not ( and i 'm certain about 80 % of europeans do not like it ) english is the de facto language of the western hemisphere . 
  so it 's fucking idiotic of you to bring out the blatant jealousy card is n't it . 
  nobody wants a return to the victorian way of life you fucking mong . 
  i dont even know how you inferred that considering i equated britain 's military to that of germany and france , i.e. 
  historically britains greatest enemies . 
  you mean the victorian era where thousands perished in the workhouses , prisons over flowed and the mentally ill were tortured for the amusement of the crowds ? 
  yeah i 'm really wishing we could go back to those good old days ... / s, 
  until the rest of europe can train its armed forces to the standard of the british , french , and germans an eu armed forces is a bad idea . 
  imagine waiting on italian air support . 
  good grief . 
  it 's just section 5 gone mad . 
  i am 99 % sure it will be repealed within the next 4 years . 
   how about someone reminding this whiny snob about how thoroughly and deeply british culture hates , despises and stereotypes each and every thing french ? 
  this is n't true . 
  the french seem to hate the british , so we just hate the french back in retaliation . 
  the only stereotypes about france i know are : - likes garlic - lots of beuraucracy - not very good at fighting that 's about as severe as it gets . 
  i had no idea paris had such an issue with crime ... 
  i suppose it 's a capital city and all , but even so . 
  personally i do n't care . 
  my only concern is that we would be militarily more vunerable , but if they do n't want to stay , nobody can make them so they should just leave . 
  well usually land belongs to the first people who settled it , rather than the first people to go there . 
  good to see it went off without any violence of any kind, 
   not having irregular verbs is not an `` impoverishment '' well actually it is . 
  any simplification of a language is an impoverishment , and in the book 1984 , that is how newspeak is created . 
  well the island of britain has been invaded by virtually everyone , so it is a mixture . 
  also , it is the de facto language of the internet and international western business . 
  whereas you gave fuck all evidence to support your point of view .
