  the uk has always been pretty fiscally conservative compared to the continental states . 
  this can be both good and bad , it 's just the way it is . 
   the uk 's net contribution to the eu budget fell from $ 4 billion in 2007 to less than $ 1 billion in 2008 ... you know 2008 was the world banking crisis right ? 
  and you know the financial sector makes up about 25 % of the british private sector ? 
  they were decimated . 
   i just do n't see how the uk 's attitude , except for the money which we could do without by cutting the cap , is any benefit to europe . 
  well earlier you were complaining about britain costing the eu through its support of farming subsidies , which is nonsense . 
  your sudden u-turn on that is harming your credibility quite a bit . 
   is any benefit to europe the uk is fiscally conservative , and where others have been more flamboyant with spending ( greece , spain ) they 've managed to fuck everything up . 
  the simple fact is , the brits do n't trust the europeans not to fuck everything up . 
  if europe wants control over one of the biggest economies in the world ( by no means the biggest ) then they are going to have to accept that britain will have its say , as it is entitled . 
   brit , irish , english , scottish ... it 's all the same to us  well ireland is a sovereign semi-socialist state with a tiny economy and tiny population , and the uk is a conservative capitalist state with huge population density , and a massive economy . 
  not to mention the whole business with the famine . 
  so yeah , not the same . 
  i took the first three sources on google . 
  discount the daily mail then , i agree it is mostly rubbish . 
   but of course , what would i expect from a brit using the daily mail as a source . 
  do i detect some nationalism ? 
  jealousy even ? 
  also i 'm irish anyway . 
  your data is good , but it is a little old . 
  there have been recent massive increases in net contribution from the uk , and that is what i 'm getting at . 
  maybe in the future the uk can/will leave , but for the eu 's sake , it should n't be any time soon . 
  well that 's weird because according to these sources it 's around : [ # 9 billion ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/uk-contribution-to-eu-reaches-1639bn-a-year-2256631.html ) ( 2010 ) ~ ~ [ # 10.3 billion ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2065462/were-paying-50m-day-eu-britains-contribution-brussels-rises-18-5bn.html ) ( 2011 ) ~ ~ daily mail sucks with a net contribution of [ # 3.5 billion ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/uk-contribution-to-eu-reaches-1639bn-a-year-2256631.html ) putting the uk second only to germany . 
  so , sorry , but you 've pulled those statistics out of your ass . 
   but it 's not just worth with all the whining and blocking . 
  i do n't think you realise just how much money it generates ... 
  why ? 
  the uk brings vast amounts of money into the eu, 
  wow , read a book . 
  that was as a result of america needing a military base there , and as the british administered the island they shared the base to . 
  this was at the height of the cold war remember . 
  ... what ? 
   they may reach farther than the anglo-saxon world would prefer how so ? 
   find me an article in a french paper as ornery as this , implying essentially that the french should have a say in the way england is governed because so many of them live in france . 
  well obviously this is a humour piece , so i 'm sure there are humorous articles in french papers . 
   bringing up napoleon ? 
  that was hundreds of years ago , and it 's not like he had any choice . 
  sure . 
  but i was using the example of de gaulle writing a history on napoleon without including any mention of wellington ( against whom he never won ) as an example of the french nationalist psyche . 
  france is one of those countries that if they have something to be proud of historically , they will hammer it to death . 
  it would be nice to see the french eat a bit of humble pie , and see what where nationalism in the face of bare facts leads to . 
  the british , germans , spanish , belgians and other colonial powers have grown out of it . 
  it seems that france never really lost the attitude . 
  you 're right of course , however , the french have a reputation for nationalist bias by everybody 's standards . 
  it 's just the way it is . 
  they 're by far the most nationalist country in western europe . 
  more or less yes . 
  within reason . 
  only de gaulle could have written a history of napoleon without mentioning the battle of waterloo . 
  however with the advent of the internet , things are improving in french media . 
  germans do n't work the hardest , they just all work , making everyday life a lot easier . 
  what could be said is that germans work together the best . 
  the french press is as bad if not worse . 
  english news media is actually very good if we take away the `` murdoch press '' which is a cancer that infects america and britain . 
  coming from a belgian , i know you know what you 're talking about :( you guys any closer to getting a government ? 
  totally different , ireland was severely mistreated at the hands of the british , scotland has had rather a nice time of it ( not that it should n't ), 
  and is casually you know , * on fire * . 
  right well considering the fucking massive payouts to the imf , saying it has no say is arrogant , and selfish . 
   i think that if your economy is stable until tested , at which point nobody can see a way to fix it , then your economy is not stable and never was . 
  do n't build it out of straw . 
  ... what on earth are you talking about , that analogy does n't even apply . 
  for what ? 
  the uk has given vastly to the imf . 
  i think the only country that gave more is germany . 
  oh come on . 
  we all hate the daily mail here , but to call it fascist is plainly ridiculous and very dishonest . 
  britain has lately been making a real effort to contribute to europe , and be seen as a team player . 
  unfortunately the french are still intent on talking shit about the uk . 
  irish , by the way . 
  not bias . 
  i think he is expressing concern that the resources and profits do n't go back to the people , just a few fatcats . 
  nationalised resources are much more effective at raising living standards of the resource area . 
  what makes you say that ? 
  lol whatever , you 've been wrong about everything so far , and have been proven to be a imbecile . 
  you thought there was over 1 trillion people on earth . 
  jesus christ i know 6 year olds more clever than you . 
  anyway , you 've been ignored , god bless res . 
   secondly a level history is an advanced option , which you would expect the top 20 % to take up . 
  yes but gcse is compulsory . 
  also , it is taught in the lower years . 
   why are you intent on lying to prove a point ? 
  highlight a single lie . 
   so you have to take advanced level history before you learn anything the british empire . 
  you have proved my point , they hide it away in advanced level courses . 
  yeah , `` hiding it away '' in compulsory secondary school education . 
  the bastards !, 
  you 're mad . 
  stop talking . 
  how can you have no shame over the fact you thought that britain had killed 1.8 billion people , and that the population of earth was 1.8 trillion . 
  you are an imbecile . 
  you have cited nothing , and have been continually wrong , and provably so . 
  you are the worst , and should know it . 
  my only consolation is that you are too brain dead to have any meaningful effect on the world whatsoever . 
   there were about 1.8 trillion on the planet in 1920 you are insane . 
   what a very british way of describing genocide . 
  you say you are irish , are you from dublin ? 
  i 'm from galway , currently live in england for university . 
   comparison with contemporaries is a cop-out and you know it . 
  no it is n't ?
