  i honestly do n't understand why people are against reforms . 
  they benefit everybody , just the uk is the one asking for them . 
  what is the difference in meaning between unauthorised , and illegal ? 
  and just before you start arguing : yes you 're racist , and you disgust me . 
  supporting fascist pedantry like this to discuss a housing crisis is foul . 
  they are not asylum seekers , they are economic migrants . 
  we should n't be forced to take any outside-eu economic migrants that we do n't want whatsoever . 
  this is exactly the reason we did n't join schengen . 
  why should the uk miss out on all the benefits of free movement , but still have to suffer the negatives of open borders ? 
  we have a serious housing crisis already in the uk , and it does n't exacerbating . 
   strength through unity unity through faith . 
  do not question the eu . 
   pro military propaganda pumped out in the last ten years example ? 
  i hope we stay too , but i think a stripped down version of the eu is what 's best for everyone , especially poorer countries in the eu . 
  i think the euro has not been good for a lot of richer , but struggling countries like spain and italy . 
  that would make uk as much a colony of the eu , as the eu is a colony of the uk . 
  not at all . 
  more than that . 
  i want a radically reformed eu , or brexit , and i 'm a tory . 
  i know in poland the real kicker seems to be religion , not race . 
  if you 're not the right religion it 's a real issue if you get married . 
  it is a french problem and it is france 's fault . 
  this is exactly why the uk opted out of shengen . 
  france made its bed , now ( as usual ) the french want to blame britain . 
  yeah , neither are the hundreds of political interest groups who would use it try and seize power . 
  thank god you are an absolutely miniscule minority . 
  why do they even want to come to the uk ? 
  france is a perfectly safe and equitable country . 
  thatcher was incredibly pro-eu . 
  it was extremely likely that labour would go into a formal coalition with the snp . 
  that fact alone lost labour the election in england , imo . 
  very few . 
  the vast majority of eu members are nato members . 
  all european nato members are also eu members . 
  we did n't have to bomb libya . 
  the eu decided it wanted to be a big man and bomb a dictator , and predictably now libya is a complete basket case . 
  politically-fashionable self-hating guardianistas *, 
  this is a really fascinating article . 
  thoroughly enjoyed . 
  crimea is a strategically very important territory . 
  not sure why john oliver is playing that down . 
   i would say the uk is a liability  if you want to betray the continent [ by leaving ] , do it does not compute, 
  thanks . 
  do you have some more information about this ? 
  i 'm actually going back to ie . 
  the apps on chrome are great , but its so buggy and is always freezing on me . 
  the latest ie is actually pretty quick . 
  we have < 7 % representation in brussels . 
  we have 100 % representation in westminster . 
  no thanks , i quite like voting for my own laws . 
  they 're projected by most to get about 4 or 5 seats max . 
  european media just loves to drum up anti-uk hysteria to sell papers . 
  she might as well call this policy : `` how to make absolutely certain that the uk leaves the eu in 2017 '', 
  i was measuring size by proportion of the vote in 2010 ( though i was wrong , they are actually 4th ) . 
  you 're right they were polling at third . 
  [ received pronunciation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m_gyu_yeeq8 ) also known as `` bbc english '' or `` the queen 's english '' . 
   they would n't vote ukip if they are nowhere near having a chance . 
  then why has ukip 's vote share increased now to around 17 % ? 
   so i suggest the eu election is closer to what people would actually voting if there was pr . 
  not true . 
  membership of left wing parties in the uk absolutely dwarfs the right wing . 
   the radicals are the ones who feel marginalized and do n't bother turning up . 
  how can you believe this . 
  radicals are the ones who will always turn up and do the work for their party , even in local elections etc. 
  mainstream voters ( like me ) tend not to bother with smaller elections , or at least hold them as a lower priority . 
  are you suggesting that people are more likely to vote ukip in a fptp system ? 
  because that is exactly the opposite of the truth . 
  and it is surely obvious that a vote with lower turnout , attracts proportionally more radical voters . 
  almost by definition . 
  late july through august i 'd say its about 25-27 degrees on average yeah . 
  last year we had a week or two of about 29-30 down my way . 
  was lovely . 
  i like it because its very warm , but not oppressively so . 
   the turnout for the ge was n't much higher , anyway it was almost double , actually . 
   and there is no proof the people who do not vote think differently than the ones who did . 
  this is untrue for obvious reasons . 
  the eup is seen as unimportant to many british voters , therefore the only ones who vote in it tend to be specifically concerned about eu matters . 
  as it happens , this was especially the case with eurosceptic voters in 2014 . 
  ukip won the eu elections despite being about the 5th biggest party . 
  also , because english completely ubiquitous we have far lower exposure to other languages . 
  3.1 % 2010 general election . 
  the eup election 2013 they got 26.6 % , but with a voter turn out of 35.5 % . 
  - i literally do n't know anybody that `` harks back to the british empire '' . 
  even the most right-wing conservatives think of the empire as a mixed bag of consequences , caused by mixed bag of individuals . 
  - it does rain or is cloudy throughout winter , but the english summer is amazing , with an average temperature of around 27 degrees . 
  - fewer people than you might think speak with the typical `` english accent '' , and we actually have a hugely varied set of accents . 
  until recently you could tell exactly what town somebody was from , based on their accent . 
  - dental hygiene in the uk is actually very good . 
  like most places . 
   it 's the romanians ' fault that salaries are so low , and no one else wants the jobs !, 
  this is an absolute fallacy . 
  the `` brits are too lazy '' argument is obviously a completely idiotic thing to say . 
  brits have had a successful labour-rights movement and wo n't work a shit job for awful pay . 
  romanian immigrants are happy to undermine that labour movement though , so the pay stays low , the poor lose out and the arch-capitalists win . 
  really , there should be a referendum by region in ukraine , and anybody who votes to be russian , should join russia . 
  the vote should be administrated by an impartial body ( maybe un ) . 
   that is pure crap . 
  bet you feel silly now ey . 
   * how would you like to improve the euro ? 
  *  force all nations to use it .
