  but his certain idiocy aside , it is patently obvious that islam has a serious problem with women . 
  yeah i do n't think we can in good conscience make that joke anymore , as it did indeed transpire that 1,400 children ( a low estimate ) have indeed been raped and exploited by islamic rape gangs since 1997 . 
  edit : this is just rotherham . 
  uk figure : http://blogs.channel4.com/factcheck/factcheck-grooming-gangs/18739 thanks to u/mcctaggart, 
  it 's the anglosphere flag . 
  the stars are from americas old glory . 
  i 'm pretty sure we have ethnic stats in the uk and it 's fine ? 
   you do n't have to `` give up '' power , you 're just creating a new more abstract layer of decision making . 
  spoken like a true politician !, 
  dae uk is evil ? 
  no , it just shows that our beliefs are massively influenced by our parents ' beliefs . 
   he is the adolf hitler of irish history and every schoolchild learns about him . 
  in england , he 's generally considered as at best a successful rebel , and at worst what you describe him as . 
  there were some movies and such funded by big american money which paint him in a favorable light , but english opinion of him has been pretty uniform . 
  no , cromwell . 
  so not even britain , but england . 
  that gives too much credit to both the irish and british nationalists . 
  this is just factionalism . 
  ni offers identical opportunities to catholics and protestants . 
  also the british invaded ~ 500 years ago . 
  it is n't recent . 
  only if talking to a non european . 
  for me i 'm : british , english , then european, 
   you should review your anglocentric world . 
  unnecessary comment . 
  it is a myth that anglos view history from an anglo perspective only . 
   italy was still the center of the world during middle ages not really , italy was a collection of fractured city states and principalities dominated by foreign powers ( hre , saracens , goths etc. ) . 
  it only began to regain cultural and economic notability during the renaissance . 
  erm , they did n't exactly `` cope '' did they . 
  they were annihilated , their capital sacked , and their culture and technology lost for many centuries . 
   scotland being able to vote on english matters is just as bad as everything else i 'm saying . 
  why should we have a say down there when you do n't have a say up here . 
  i agree it is stupid . 
  but it demonstrates that england does not completely rule the uk . 
   the same goes for why should scotland disagree with the bedroom tax but be given it anyway because our politicians are outnumbered ? 
  the bedroom tax is actually due to be scrapped in scotland for exactly this reason . 
  however , scotland does have a history of drawing many millions of pounds in investment from the uk , and returning very little of it . 
  glasgow in particular is a tax `` black hole '' on similar to england 's bradford . 
  for this reason cries of `` unfair '' however justified , are not listened to as often as they might be . 
  because scotland consistently complains whenever the uk tries to levy any kind of tax from scotland . 
  that 's certainly true . 
  but poland had a third of its population murdered by the nazis and was then colonised for 50 years by one of the most vicious regimes in history . 
  what 's scotland 's excuse . 
  i think there is a fundamental disconnect between how english people think of scots , and how scots think english people think of them . 
  as far as im concerned , scots have as much say as any other briton , which is as it should be . 
  incidently , did you know scotland can vote on english laws , but english people can not vote on scottish ones ? 
  scotland has all the powers of the rest of the uk . 
  and if you think you do n't then you are being lied to by a populist , nationalist , self-interested cabal . 
  look , i 'm being facetious . 
  truth is , i would like scotland to stay . 
  i have a high opinion of scots and i think they make an important cultural contribution to britain . 
  i am british first , and english second . 
  it 's less `` make sure scotland dont get too big for their boots '' and more `` give scotland a taste of their own medicine '' . 
  scots are forever painting the english as corpulent , bloated , plutocrats who do nothing but rob the bonny wee scots of their potential . 
  this is not the case . 
  and so you can expect a fair amount of derision whenever scots say this around english people . 
  scotland has legitimate grievances , but they are not many , and i think scotland would be better off as part of the uk . 
  better for the uk , and much better for scotland , imo . 
  scotland and england ( and wales and ni ) share a gdp . 
  the regions are not financially autonomous . 
  what scotland leaving would do , is massively reduce its access to a market more than 10 times the size of its own . 
  in effect , the gdp ( or economic importance ) of scotland as a sovereign entity would drop by ~ 800 % . 
   scotland was bought , the current situation is n't a union . 
  great britain was the idea of king james 1 , and the isles were ruled over by a scottish king . 
   what we have now is a subjugation lol what . 
  just go . 
  you wo n't be missed . 
   as a brit i personally believe it is to do with us being a former empire this is so hackneyed and untrue . 
  britain as one of the only colonial powers to give up its colonies voluntarily ( except ireland , and usa but that is many hundreds of years ago ) . 
  nobody wants the empire back . 
  australians are dreadful !, 
  i was really shocked when i went to hungary for a holiday . 
  americans seem ok in my experience . 
  chinese are by far the worst tourists . 
  is this seriously a dig at the uk because we 're not sending in troops to countries we have nothing to do with ? 
  it should n't though , is the point . 
  and it should n't be cheered on from the sidelines . 
  this is what happened with lulzsec , too . 
  sure it was funny to watch them rampage around the internet , but actually the people they were attacking were the mums and dads of kids with playstations , and people of that ilk . 
  it comes down to this : people like the entertainment value of a riot , why do you think the first thing anyone does is get their phone out to film it ? 
  i understand why the protesters are angry in this case , and they have a right to be angry . 
  but i 've seen too many pictures of 19 year olds standing on the barricades looking imperious as their best mate takes a picture , to take them seriously . 
  what about civil disobedience , strikes and other industrial action . 
  why are you so quick to defend the destruction of democratic tradition ? 
  reliable democracies are built on their history of reliability , and their supremacy as a form of government . 
  as soon as rioting , and violent uprisings become an acceptable way to voice your opposition to government , democracy will lose all of its potency as a driver for change . 
  this is important because in a society governed by a populist , and violent mass , governments will come and go , but only dictators will survive . 
   demonstrated that they want full western style democracy . 
  by rioting and burning people alive with molotov cocktails . 
  yup . 
  this is violent populism . 
  plenty of talk but no engagement of the democratic process . 
  a referendum is the only way . 
  new revolutionary government to become oppressive in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 
  his general stance was very very likable . 
  responsible leftism , with a focus on education , and young families . 
  unfortunately , i think the job just got to him and in his last term he started doing all kinds of crazy stuff like voting for 90-day detention without trial , iraq , id cards and more . 
  it is highly likely that much of what has been going on at gchq started with blair . 
  but he did good stuff too . 
  he picked up where john major left off with the northern ireland troubles .
