  well it was n't part of the empire is what i 'm saying . 
  it was part of the uk . 
  in the same way scotland is part of the uk . 
  i suppose in real terms it does n't make a difference , but in legal terms it absolutely does . 
  ireland was n't a colony , but was regarded as part of the uk . 
  hence st. patrick 's cross on the union flag . 
  i did n't know that this many edges could exist in our 3 dimensional reality . 
  we 're likely getting a referendum in 2016/17 and there is significant support for leaving . 
  indeed without reform , i believe entirely that the uk will vote to leave . 
   earl grey u fukin wot, 
  because he was talking about the liberal democrats . 
  its reasonably well known to anybody with a passing interest in history !, 
  anybody who 's heard of the spanish armada , or the napoleonic wars will know that portugal has been an important military ally historically . 
  though i personally did not know it was that old . 
  629 years . 
  wow . 
  any eu citizen can live in , work in , and recieve benefits from the uk . 
  this is what he means by controlling borders . 
  they were elected on a promise : tuition fees will not rise . 
  first thing they did was vote for a rise in tuition fees . 
  that looks like the shittest , tiniest protest ive ever seen . 
   stabbed in the heart by france and the uk . 
  god i hope we leave . 
  no need to apologise , the uk has its fair share of terrible comedians . 
  ive read and watched some witty / entertaining things which have a go at britain . 
  this was not one of them . 
  germans really are terrible at humour . 
  how can i get involved in the next game ? 
  i think its a lot worse for different reasons in eastern europe . 
  if i was a jew there is literally no way i would be staying in europe . 
  it 's sad to say so , but there is no future for jews in europe . 
  lol , the continental speed of bureaucracy . 
  only a few more months to wait mate . 
  hahaha . 
  can you imagine if this was britain that wanted this exclusion ? 
  europeans would be bellyaching about how we always desire special status . 
  the border to france is also in dover , uk . 
  its a completely balanced treaty . 
  that 's fine , what we lose in border security in calais , we massively massively gain in leaving the eu . 
  in lincoln and boston there lithuanians and poles make up virtually the entirety of immigration to the area . 
  20 % of boston does not speak english at all . 
  but not free movement of people . 
  so we can not manage our own migration . 
  this has destroyed many communities particularly in the north of england and in the west midlands . 
  where i 'm from , lincolnshire ( east midlands ) , the sleepy county town of lincoln now has the 4th highest murder rate in the uk , with boston , an agricultural centre , now having the highest murder rate in the uk . 
  10 years ago , neither town was in the top 10 . 
  this is why brits are so concerned about controlling borders . 
  i dont think you realise how deep the resentment to the eu runs here . 
  and besides , who are the more motivated voters ? 
  the remain voters who largely know very little about the eu , or the leave voters , who know how bad the eu is ? 
  all the polls show a 4 point lead for leave , and they are from before cameron 's ` deal ' was propsed . 
  the reform deal has been derided by even the very pro-eu guardian . 
  it will only strengthen the cause against the eu . 
  let them laugh . 
  i 'm happy because it means we get to leave the eu . 
  i want the deal to be as unappealing as possible . 
  i 've never understood this european obsession with federalising for the purpose of becoming a superpower . 
  superpower nations are famously irrepresentative of local issues and values and for having a huge number of very unhappy voters . 
  pls no . 
  i keep seeing stuff like this posted by australians does anybody know why ? 
  is it some kind of meme ? 
  sheffield, 
  cameron knows his audience . 
  he 's very good at appearing the ` reasonable man ' . 
  he does n't try to be flashy . 
  to be honest i have often wondered why there were n't more border wars between the two . 
  portugal is very isolated and spain is well placed to have invaded . 
  is n't 2 the ideal replacement rate ? 
  economically scotland stands to gain more from brexit than the uk as a whole . 
  not sure why scotland are so pro-eu . 
  common fisheries has decimated the scottish fishing industry , and the rules against state subsidised industry have led to total industrial decline in scotland and the north of england . 
  particularly in things like steel production and ship building , who 's value was not only economic . 
  it would signal the beginning of the end for undocumented free movement . 
  which has resulted in the impotent response to the migration crises . 
  if shengen ended i would very seriously consider voting to stay in the eu . 
  white male cisgendered heterosexual privaleged male ~ ~ conservative ~ ~ ultra-fascist *, 
   the country if falling apart lol ok m8, 
  the rest do not have fully socialised healthcare . 
  poor people have much lower access to healthcare . 
  britain is the only european nation with fully socialised healthcare . 
  btfo, 
  but the uk are the bad guys for wanting reform / to leave . 
  gg europe , no re . 
  if this happened in my country i would probably just kill myself . 
  it 's not up to the politicians . 
  it 's up to the people of the uk , and our referendum . 
  i 'm pretty suprised irish people are so pro eu , after the eu essentially said `` go back and try again '' when the irish voted against the lisbon treaty . 
  if i was irish i would see that at a pretty damning example of the eu 's lack of respect for the opinions of irish people . 
  a valid point . 
  i 'm sick of making excuses for the right . 
  to be fair , it was never his claim . 
  it was leave.eu 's claim , which was a totally separate group, 
  why not throw portugal into the bargain then ? 
  natural part of the iberian peninsula . 
  why ? 
  embarrassing mistake ; or world-class banter ? 
  they should restore the stream if possible , it sounds great !, 
  he 's deflecting . 
  it 's a common tactic of character assassination to make somebody deny something they never did . 
  farron will have been instructed specifically to not deny it , so as to suffocate the conversation .
