   in fact i would like a new language to be capable of expressing even more than the current languages can . 
  i see where your coming from , but english really is the best for everyone . 
  it 's a mixture of more or less every medieval european language + latin , and it 's been evolving into its most relevant and useful state for hundreds of years . 
  you simply ca n't manufacture that with a new language . 
   i dream of a future where every person on earth speaks the same language . 
  i also dream of this language being very easy to learn , and having no odd things like `` i am , but you are '' or `` to go , but yesterday i went '' . 
  it should be much better structured with more precise rules that do n't have exceptions . 
  this is * literally * the premise of orwell 's 1984 `` new-speak '' . 
  the deliberate impoverishment of language under the guise of convenience . 
   train system and weather for example are always better everywhere else than here hahahaha . 
  good one :'), 
  mate he 's talking shit just ignore him . 
  yeah bbc , fucking terrible i know . 
  do you have any evidence of this ? 
  i assume from your name you 're swedish , in which case you calling british media bad is a joke . 
  the daily mail would have you believe that the us and uk agree on social policy . 
  so not only was that a shit joke , and a poor dig ; it was factually incorrect . 
  i ca n't believe how right you are . 
  you 're blowing my mind . 
  please !, 
  more !, 
  at first i was so sure of myself , but having seen your frankly flawless deconstruction of my worldview , i must concede to your demonstrably superior intellect . 
  not they do n't im just saying our views as nations on social policy are very different . 
   the british still have the complex of the empire . 
  oh do we . 
  please tell me more about how people in a country you 've never lived in think . 
  `` the empire '' has n't existed since the 1940s . 
  it 's barely in living memory . 
  indeed . 
  the left/right spectrum does n't allow for different areas of policy , which makes it a bit of a facile gauge !, 
  i know you 've just elected a socialist , but france on average has been far more right wing than the uk . 
  the uk is about central when you consider eastern europe , which is a firm right wing . 
  the uk and the us disagree massively on social policy . 
   think of it as a guy psyching himself up for a fight . 
  jesus , i wonder how humans keep making this mistake . 
  this is how * bad * sectarianism starts . 
  it escalates and escalates until people start to get killed . 
  a lot . 
  what people fail to see is that by using violent and slanderous tactics , you de-legitimise your own argument against the incursion of islam . 
  we have to think why we do n't like islam . 
  for me , it is the way they treat their women ( and all women ) and their endemic racism against jews and to a lesser extent other races . 
  if islam fixed these issues , and became as benign as say : the catholic church , i would not really have a problem with it . 
  i say this because the catholic church * was * just about the most vile institution you could think of . 
  i dont need to go in to the history of it . 
  but what we see today is a largely progressive ( considering it 's * the * christian church ) church which organises massive aid programs , promotes gender equality , condemns violence , and makes massive contributions to science and history ( the vatican archives ) . 
  granted , catholicism is still working out the kinks , and will be for some time , but at least they 're * doing it * . 
  this is what i would like to see in islam . 
  i want you to know that there are real criticisms of islam to be made . 
  you are not making them when you call muslims `` filth '' . 
  never , ever denigrate those who you oppose to anything less than human . 
  that 's how racism starts to grow out of control . 
  the nazis called jews `` rats '' and `` dogs '' , `` vermin '' and indeed `` filth '' or the most unnerving `` der untermensch '' or `` the subhumans '' . 
  better to use every swear word under the sun , than to take away their humanity . 
   this is not about usa vs. russia , it 's about a single vulnerable nation and the various external powers which wish to use it as a proxy battleground . 
  more or less , though the russians were n't using a proxy . 
   if you seriously think that the fall of afghanistan is caused by what 's written in the koran , rather than the thirty years of almost continous warfare , and hidden support for paramilitary groups from external nations i think afghanistan `` fell '' when the russians arrived , and there was n't shit they could do to stop it . 
  however , the partisan fighters ( the mujahidin ) did not form a proper government after throwing out the russians , and instead concentrated on creating a violent theocracy . 
   afghanistan is vietnam , it 's northern ireland , it 's somalia , it 's yugoslavia . 
  the common factor is not islam , it 's violence breeding violence . 
  i agree to a certain extent , but more often than not the cause is religion . 
  now for some reason everyone is okay about bashing christianity in to the ground for being a terrible fascist this that and the other . 
  this has led christianity to become a much more moderate religion . 
  i am just sick of being called a `` racist '' because i wa n't islam to moderate itself . 
  the only reason christianity has become moderate was because the establishment loudly condemned its violence , sexism , and the rest of it . 
  the same must be done for islam , or indeed any other religion that presumes to subjugate elements of our society . 
  of course , but islam is one of the major issues at hand . 
  it must be reformed for civilised society . 
  aye but they are a couple of isolated poor points . 
  the parts of the qu ` ran that pertain to accepting other cultures and forgiving non believers are few and far between . 
  i 'm sorry about that small discrepancy . 
  you are correct . 
  either are horrible ways to die though . 
  aye , but it was better than it is now no ? 
  the shah was certainly not a cuddly character , but at least the roads worked , women went to school , and it was a secular society . 
  hooray !, 
  this should be interesting , i 'm getting hated on by feminists , for standing up to chauvinists . 
  the irony !, 
   these things have all been encouraged by everyone else as well , untill people became a bit more tolerant , rational and scientific . 
  in europe that is . 
  `` islam in europe '' is no less susceptible to that than , say , christianity was , and if you treat muslim immigrants right then i 've no doubt shit like that would be smoothed out eventually . 
  i absolutely agree with you up until your last sentence . 
  i have no problem with muslim immigrants , but the only way to `` smooth things out '' is to actively say that subjugation of elements of our society based on race or sex etc. 
  is not acceptable . 
  for the record , i have no problem with them coming to europe and building mosques etc ( i quite like middle eastern architecture ) but they must abide by our laws . 
   shut the fuck up , you racist piece of slime . 
  that 's convinced me you 're a reasonable person who should be dictating social policy . 
  remind me why you are n't prime minister ? 
   oh , so you 're ` irritated ' that i , a member of the british labour party , just called you a racist ? 
  actually what i said was that i find the `` left 's '' practice on slapping the label `` racist '' on everything irritating , but do please continue to twist my words . 
   you said :  if all muslims start to act like [ white people ] , then ill make friends with them all . 
  actually what i said was : `` if all muslims start to act like [ my friend jamilla , who is n't a anti-semitic chauvanist theocrat , and retains her islamic faith ] , then i 'll make friends with them all . '', 
  but do go on . 
   damn . 
  that 's racist , yo . 
  you 're a racist . 
  i 'm sorry , but it 's true . 
  damn it you 're right !, 
  all along we should have been subjugating women !, 
  silly old me . 
  we should be like those `` moderate '' islamic countries where gays are systematically discriminated against whilst the government does nothing !,
