   israeli militants descend into palestinian territory often killing civilians . 
  really ? 
  [ settler children petrol bombing palestinians for fun ] ( http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/world/2012/0828/1224323095386.html ) [ usa condemns settler attacks on palestinians as `` terrorist '' ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/aug/19/jewish-settler-attack-terrorist-us-palestinian ) [ a video of a settler armed militia killing unarmed palestinians ] ( http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/video/2012/may/21/israeli-settlers-fire-palestinians-video ) i can keep going ...  why not ? 
  what stops them ? 
  because funnily enough in a country without building materials or infrastructure , the housing market is n't exactly doing great is it dumbass !, 
   again , why not ? 
  they are n't allowed . 
  they can take hand luggage , clothes etc , but thats it . 
   palestinians are imprisoned now ?!, 
  that 's correct . 
   are you serious ? 
  yep . 
   the states behind the iron curtain what the fuck has this got to do with the cold war ? 
  nothing . 
  by the way , the ussr did not deny eastern europe building materials , or persistently bomb the shit out of them . 
   how often is a country like burma likened to a concentration camp compared to the palestinian territories ? 
  almost never , probably because burma has nothing to do with palestine or israel . 
  you 're using some pretty tenuous examples here . 
   does n't burma deserve the label more than the palestinian territories ? 
  no , as burma is a sovereign state . 
  next question ? 
  i can only assume you 're deliberately pretending to not understand what im talking about as a way of avoiding the question . 
   the palestinian territories are like a concentration camp in the same way the desert is like an ocean but with less water . 
  palestine is like a concentration camp in that the population is forced to live in poor conditions ( often shanty towns ) having their homes , farms , and infrastructure regularly destroyed . 
  their arable land is seized by militant zionist settlers ( who the state of israel claims not to endorse , but i see fuck all being done about it ) . 
  to pass from district to district you have to pass through multiple checkpoints , any one of which can deny you access without any reason . 
  you can be detained indefinitely . 
  israel holds all of the high ground in gaza with hilltop `` settlements '' from which israeli militants descend into palestinian territory often killing civilians . 
  the only way it is n't a giant concentration camp is that the palestinians are given the option to leave their homes with nothing . 
  they can not sell their homes , they ca n't take their possessions or livelihood with them . 
  if you still can not find that comprehensible then i urge you to seek professional help . 
  i have now repeated the same thing in three posts to you , and you have n't addressed the issues at hand once . 
   not in uk though . 
  i do n't really care where you 're from . 
  it is n't relevant . 
   it also trivializes the suffering of actual concentration camp survivors , well google describes a concentration camp as : `` a place where large numbers of political prisoners or members of persecuted minorities are imprisoned '' which is what gaza , and especially the west bank has become . 
  the one key difference is that they are allowed to emigrate . 
  so this shows that the entire exercise is designed to make palestinian life impossible so that they have to leave . 
   so it 's pretty offensive too . 
  whether or not you are offended is irrelevant . 
  that makes no grammatical sense , rewrite your question . 
  assuming you mean : `` the * exact * same * effect * as preventing them from leaving ? '', 
  then no . 
  you are intentionally missing the point . 
  it is like a concentration camp in that if they wish to remain in their own country then they are subject to the aformentioned restrictions . 
  option b is to leave their home country . 
  for these reasons it is like a concentration camp , but has one key difference . 
  i hope that was simple enough for you . 
  it is n't a concentration camp , but it has exactly the same effect as one , and denies the inhabitants all rights of unhindered travel other than to permanently leave their home country . 
  therefore it is , as i said , * basically a concentration camp * . 
  constant checkpoints , wholesale `` black listing '' so certain people can not pass checkpoints . 
  building materials such as piping and concrete are illegal on pain of internment because they can be used as weapons . 
  palestine is slowly being bombed away and nobody can rebuild it or stimulate an economy through movement because israel wo n't let it . 
  palestinians can emigrate away yes , but why should they have to ? 
  yes and no . 
  their movements are extremely limited . 
  israel are basically keeping palestinians in a giant concentration camp and denying them resources . 
  the israelis then complain when palestine retaliates militarily . 
  true enough , but i was trying to add a counterbalance to the `` upsweden '' culture of reddit . 
  she also discusses many growing social issues too , which are more ephemeral by their nature . 
  you 're welcome . 
  it 's weird finding out that every country sucks just as much as the ones we live in is n't it !, 
  so much for perfect old scandenavia !, 
  pretty much this : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=69be-7apera, 
  that 's not a bad thing . 
  northerners are more sensible than southerners . 
  i should know , i 'm a midlander . 
   what is the general view of scots by the english ? 
  i 'd love to know . 
  amiable . 
  i think most people just see scottish people as ultra-northerners with free university . 
  dos fish and chips si vous play . 
   people go to italy to see italy , not the vatican . 
  umm , the vatican is definitely one of the primary reasons for visiting rome . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  obviously you have an agenda to push , but to suggest that the vatican is not worthy of note against the roman forum ( which is in ruins with a road running through the middle of it ) is plainly ridiculous . 
  the vatican has been a net gain asset for italy . 
  brits are terrible , but you 're so right about russians . 
  jesus fucking chrsit they 're the worst . 
  i was under the impression that the vatican was a rather good thing for italy , if only for tourism purposes . 
   the truth is that the uk always wanted to be usa 's bitch says the israeli . 
   jews and muslims are fucking pigs germany , we 've talked about this . 
  did n't the french recently have a load of antisemetic murders and rioted for days because of retirement age ? 
  too many french people . 
  demonstrating that you are both racist and a hypocrite in less than 30 words . 
  thank you and good night . 
  i love how a jew , one of the more victimised peoples of the world , is now being a filthy racist . 
  fuck off jew . 
  see ? 
   darling , no-one cares about your broken economy . 
  oh thanks darling . 
  by the way your little paragraph contained no statistics and no coherent points whatsoever . 
  it did n't even reference the above post . 
  you clearly did n't read it either as i clearly stipulate that i am irish , as in not from the uk . 
  darling . 
  try again , this time with points to make , and sources to prove those points . 
   i 've never claimed that . 
  ...  if they jump ship we would get a fantastic opportunity to end much of of the farming subsidies hmm . 
   but if it consist mainly of blocking progression and complaining about the project then why do n't they just leave ? 
  this could also be phrases as : `` not agreeing to policies that could massively damage the uk economy ''  for what , a year now ?
