beautiful and eerie on the same time . 
  let 's imagine if they actually brought this law back and executed islamist for treason . 
  this idea sounds somehow ... intriguing to me . 
  demolish it and sprinkle area with pig fat . 
  also this guy : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jp1yclqxd1q, 
  no , our troops carry battle basketballs . 
  damn , they look badass . 
  same here in lithuania , expect we have cheaper than usual tomatoes . 
  that 's weak . 
  than why go for seats if you are not going to do anything ? 
  better wages ? 
  special privileges ? 
  this only enforces idea that no person ever went or will go to government for people . 
  only for themselves . 
  i feel bad about normal , peaceful muslims . 
  their image gets worse and worse every month , because some pricks ca n't throw away their mob mentality and express their opinions civilized way . 
  thats fucked up , but i believe it 's the only way . 
  more right-wing seats could counter this left winged lunacy . 
  but seeing that sd is viewed as undercover neonazi party in sweden , it 's less than likely to happen . 
  sad ... 
  that 's right , but as kurds are the only ones there effectively holding isis - for now . 
  isis has captured some high quality western weapons , while kurds counter them with old soviet arms . 
  i 'm not suggesting to give them fighting vehicles or any such serious weaponry - isis does n't have air units or tanks . 
  so replacing their old small arms with newer small arms would n't have any serious repercussions , if there would be any - i do n't see kurds causing any serious conflict in future . 
  huh , i thought people in sweden are very democratic and voice their opinions no matter how popular they are . 
  that 's no good , as they do n't use their main democratic ability - of voicing opinion about serious problems . 
  and about polls - they are bullshit like anywhere in the world . 
  no way they question absolutely every person . 
  who knows , maybe the press `` modifies '' them a bit to keep sweden 's overly politically correct image clean . 
  i 'd rather supply good guys with arms than sit tight and watch as isis receives no good ass whoopin . 
  anyway , it '' s still better than sending your own troops . 
  can any swedes here tell me about general views on immigration there ? 
  are people in sweden truly are so brainwashed to accept all crap their government pulls , or they really fell that there is a problem ? 
  because i get an impression that immigrants come and get away with anything without backslash from native population . 
  it 's like a photo of ukrainian soldier taking selfie after raising flag over some occupied russian building in moscow . 
  why is this being downvoted ? 
  let me guess - it 's because killer has a british accent , right ? 
  ignoring the problem of muslims from europe fighting under banner of barbaric hordes in middle east will not solve it . 
  pagan gods beat those wobbly monotheistic gods every day . 
  now they are blackmailing us . 
  it 's a shame that this union is going down the drain so fast . 
  good for them . 
  more countries need to stand against this ridiculous dictate . 
  that 's a lot of nice artwork . 
  those german tanks are pretty as hell . 
  i see . 
  still this is worrying . 
  if current migration trend continues there will definitely be much bigger and violent riots . 
  right-wing is not bad itself . 
  extreme right-wing is , because these folks are gaining more popularity right now than ordinary right-wing . 
  that was some serious shit protest . 
  infuriating . 
  what kind of refugee can do this ? 
  they should be grateful they are safe from conflicts they were fleeing from instead of creating new ones here . 
  there would be a lot less problems if majority of them were actual war refugees . 
  we see hundreds of people creeping in from places where there are no or little conflict . 
  also , most of them look decently dressed , have brand new phones and do n't look starving nor sick . 
  sure we could say that they look for better living conditions , but why they make up majority of inmates in western european prisons ? 
  why they form ghettos and refuse to assimilate despite thousands of eu taxpayers money getting poured into effort to accommodate and reform them ? 
  and finally , why many of those who flee from extremism turn extremists themselves ? 
  for gods sake , they all have countless of possibilities to begin new , peaceful life but instead they choose to sit with thumb in ass and eat all financial aid they get , while pretending to work and spawning kids . 
  of course , i 'm not generalizing - i saw some decently assimilated people while travelling , even student exchange folks who came here from migrant - favorite states claim there are lots of good-natured migrants there . 
  yet eu is having serious problems . 
  what i 'm saying about sjw and leftists - they are the ones who constantly use past experiences and fears to stop any effort to improve migration system . 
  we could seriously buff up our border control and finally take firm action to stop them boats coming over . 
  why we could n't just build refugee camps in troubled countries and send boats there ? 
  let un peacekeepers and our own troops guard those camps if we feel there is danger . 
  i believe that with decent funding we could make up something that is both safe , humane and effective . 
  i personally believe this would work , but to many it sounds too optimistic and naive i guess . 
  just my opinion how we could try to fix this . 
  and as i said earlier , past deeds ca n't stop germans to stop from taking violence-preventive action . 
  you could be strict and in control without being totalitarian nazi . 
  `` allah akbar '' is equivalent to `` we 're going to kill you '' in this context . 
  they need to use more gas on those rabid parasites . 
  protecting your country from masses of barely civilized and violent people is not xenophobia , it is common sense . 
  if you will carry this guilt forever , you wo n't be able to take defensive action in case they will act racist towards you ( which is already happening ) . 
  islamic extremism is also fascism and is pretty much comparable to nazism , so if you want to prevent it you will have to get rid of that guilt . 
  do n't let those sjw and leftist pricks use guilt card and take away your right to defend yourself and your land . 
  nah just wait some time and we will all see real boats with real migrants inside getting blown up . 
  we either find a solution now or let this happen . 
  your choice eu . 
  all for 3 geese ? 
  i feel russia became the second caricature country after nk . 
  and that 's how brothers became enemies . 
  let the lithuania-latvia beer war begin . 
  you forgot to add / s at the end . 
  arm ? 
  with what ? 
  should n't we keep our weapons for our own troops and militia , considering draft has been returned ? 
  that 's a nice photograph , though sun looks like exploding nuke . 
  after looking at this , i want to be finnish for some reason . 
  agreed . 
  vytis flag is so badass . 
  been a while since last virgin sacrifice . 
  wish our schools had lessons like this . 
  all i remember doing were just small wood trinkets . 
  seriously , what the hell is happening with our climate here ? 
  i get up this morning and there 's furious snowstorm outside - stronger than the ones we saw during actual winter . 
  translation : brubio city , located several dozen kilometers from kristianstado , on january 11 was painted in blood . 
  14 year old migrant fattaly knifed year older arminas p. conflict took place in school corridor , before lunch .
