  hello how are you ? 
  how are you ? 
  i am fine too thanks . 
  do n't try that in germany . 
  some people might start to talk about their problems because we are not robots . 
  oh wow even in english . 
  sweden very international, 
  the chart of the source . 
  asylum seekers per million of population in 2014 . 
  sweden 7.918 * 9,5 = 75k do you have the current numbers of application for asylum in sweden ? 
  [ german ones ] ( https://www.bamf.de/shareddocs/anlagen/de/downloads/infothek/statistik/asyl/statistik-anlage-teil-4-aktuelle-zahlen-zu-asyl.pdf?__blob=publicationfile ) 10k refugees arriving here every day , but only 40-50k are going for application for asylum per month . 
  the others are just disappearing . 
  they are somewhere in germany but no one knows where . 
  i do n't want to blame sweden but you always take this asylum/million-chart . 
  sweden has a population of 9.5 million . 
  in the end you go crazy about 75k refugees per year . 
  we have 10k/day . 
  while we do not have any apartments and jobs for them , the term `` asylobergrenze '' ( upper asylum limit ) became evil nazi stuff . 
  sit back , grap some popcorn and watch the new rise of german nationalists . 
  austria ready for anschluss ? 
   godverdomme gottverdammt in german, 
  poland important now . 
  do n't need to join the team german anymore, 
  the small states . 
  they are completely irrelevant for us except they do something stupid . 
  only germany , france , great britain , italy , spain and maybe poland are important . 
  same like the turks . 
  they did not integrate here in germany because they thought that they will return to turkey . 
  but they never did . 
  now we have turkish women living for 40 years in germany and are still not able to speak german . 
  the classic here is the `` d\u00f6nertasche '' d\u00f6ner-bag 3 to 3.5 euros . 
  the `` d\u00f6nerteller '' d\u00f6ner-plate silmilar to the greek gyros-plate with fries 6.5 to 8 euros . 
  the young people do n't know that the politicians are lying during election campaign . 
  d\u00f6ner 9 $ in sweden ?? 
  schweiz or czech republic hey danmark who is your most favourite neighbour ? 
  a terrorist state is a state of lies . 
  like getting invaded by another state . 
  37 times ukraine . 
  37 times ... 
  you are wrong . 
  germany delivered the [ tfk 250 ] ( http://www.panzerbaer.de/helper/bw_anh_2rad_tfk250.htm ) to the kurds . 
  maybe start with driving backwards on the left side, 
  in an emergency you can sail away with the boats . 
  maybe that 's the plan , 
  i have seen a lot of jewish graves at the old cemeteries here in germany . 
  maybe they have only destroyed the jewish only cemeteries . 
  apple pays ireland 13 billion euro . 
  then ireland has to pay a penalty to the eu . 
  around 13 billion euro . 
  then the eu distributes the money to all member states . 
  except uk because brexit . 
  germany can be west-poland, 
  the un is doing the same, 
  wait what ? 
  no coin from 1939 when the soviets liberated east poland from the poles, 
  you can be sure that many military units decided not to be part of the coup in the last second , to be honored now . 
  no one starts such a bad coup . 
  i just dislike the money-destruction-machine called eu . 
  i wish we could have the same referendum here in germany . 
  but that 's against our law . 
  fuck the parliamentary system . 
  the idea that something is for free is just stupid . 
  you pay for all of this as a customer and dont know it . 
  only if everyone agrees to learn german . 
  otherwise not, 
  made by b\u00f6hmermann . 
  the dude that insulted erdogan, 
  adolf dassler -  adi dassler -  adidas, 
  because the greek politicians fucked up anything . 
  greece did not make the reforms when they had to be done . 
  the early 2000s . 
  state enterprises are something out of the last millennium . 
  deutsche bahn , deutsche post , deutsche bank ... are all private companies, 
  hitler because he was a vegetarian, 
  maybe because they always watch western porn ? 
  so lets rule the welt while everyone else is sleeping, 
  unborn mensch has no consciousness , what defines us as human beings . 
  the commission is considering a fine of $ 3bn for google 's anti-competitive search practices . 
  google illegally leveraged its dominant position in the market for mobile operating systems to promote its search monopoly . 
  it is n't illegal to have a monopoly , but it is illegal to use them to stifle competition in the market . 
  reich leader bouhler and dr. brandt are entrusted with the responsibility of extending the authority of physicians , designated by name , so that ** unborn ** patients who , on the basis of human judgment [ menschlichem ermessen ] , are considered incurable , can be granted mercy death [ gnadentod ] after a definitive diagnosis . 
  now it 's ok, 
  there is no reason to get disabled children . 
  if a person can not survive without outside help , then it is only a burden on society . 
  it would be better to punish those parents by not receive assistance from the state . 
  so they dislike the dubstep remix ? 
  the trick is to pick the wbs , as long as you are still at the university . 
  but whatever ... 
  but if music is haram why do the is vids always have [ this song ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zqojvi8xua0 ) ? 
  why did you not take the wbs ? 
  if you have earned in the last 12 months less than 16.8 k after tax you are entitled . 
  the wbs valid for one year and you can live there as long as you want . 
  song text pls, 
  you can get a 1 room flat in berlin even for less than 300 euro . 
  all you need is a wbs ( wohnberechtigungsschein ), 
   those local trains are usually just 2-3 carriages long ok now it makes sense, 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  the visa free access for turks has 72 conditions that the turkish government has to do . 
  turkey still needs to change its terror law . 
  the law allows the persecution and repression of journalists and academics without concrete suspicion of terrorism .
