what the fuck is going on in my country ? 
  i locked myself up in my room and played mgs : phantom pain for two weeks . 
  so the world does n't think about us ? 
  why not , we 're so relevant in the grand scheme of things . 
  i-i mean ... game of thrones is filmed here . 
  hello ? 
  guys ? 
  anyone ? 
   mhm , i 'm sure your extensive research on this topic along with watching battle of minas tirith and beating command and conquer on `` hard '' difficulty makes you an expert on international conflicts , but i 'll have to disappoint you , that is not how things function in real life . 
  bitch i 'll have you know i beat red alert ten times . 
  i know how this shit works . 
  you send crazy ivan to blow all those motherfuckers up . 
  the world did n't already think we 're idiots ? 
  what ? 
  are you saying we had some reputation left ? 
  we could 've been something ... 
  what a great idea . 
  we should appoint you as the emperor of eu . 
  nay , the president of the entire fucking world , so you can share your genius ideas with everyone . 
  god bless america . 
  i love apple pie . 
  yeah man , things are so simple . 
  everything 's black and white . 
  elections are very soon as is . 
  but it wo n't help much , it 's all about '' pick your poison '' . 
  you either vote for sdp , which has n't done shit for dick in the past 4 years , or you vote for hdz , which had a mandate before sdp and filled their pockets with tax money . 
  when you say croatia , you 're pretty much talking about everyone in the country . 
  i 'd much prefer you saying '' croatian politicians are fucking morons '' , which they totally are . 
  i have no idea what these people are doing . 
  our own ministers blatantly lied to us in the media , and the hungarian government had to tell us the truth . 
  that 's how bad this shit is . 
  i have no idea , dude . 
  i wish i could tell you what these idiots are doing . 
  why just not follow standard protocol ? 
  is it sad that i only know of this because of madoka ? 
  i 'm not going to insult you . 
  i 'm just amazed that people like you even exist . 
  and i feel very sorry for all my progressive serbian friends who will have to deal with his backwater bullshit propaganda . 
  there is no great serbia anymore , sit your fucking ass down . 
  ah , glorious hypocrisy whenever smoking is concerned . 
  cigarette buts are a no no . 
  dogs shitting all over the sidewalk and owners not picking it up ? 
  that 's okay , that 's completely fucking fine . 
  :d i vas in kranjska gora not even two weeks ago , enjoying walks in the forest . 
  you have some mighty fine mountains , neighbour . 
  it 's mostly the british that enjoy cricket , and some of their past colonies like india and pakistan . 
  yeah , fair enough . 
  i do n't think you 've been informed , friend . 
  every single refugee is a syrian . 
  now , which ones are the real syrians , that 's a debate for another time . 
  angela merkel invited all immigrants with open arms , and then quickly changed her policy once the immigrants started flooding in through croatia and hungary . 
  i may not necessarily agree with everything you 've said . 
  but still , well worded sir . 
  there is a huge difference here . 
  mexicans are mostly all christian and very willing to learn english and integrate into the usa society . 
  on the other hand , the refugees in europe now are all muslim and not willing to give up their cultural beliefs at all . 
  they want to come here , get money and keep living their lives just the way they want to , fuck everyone else . 
  that 's not healthy behavior . 
  turkey has no place being in the eu if religion still dictates their lifestyle . 
  what a sad day . 
  great argument dude . 
  i love my country and my flag , and waving it during events such as national anthems and sports competitions makes me a disgusting nationalist . 
  also , anyone wearing a jersey with their country 's color on it is a filthy fucking nationalist . 
  we should all wear indistinguishable white t-shirts . 
  if you want to , you should be able to without getting branded a fascist or looked at weird by others . 
  '' if i speak truely erdogan is more clever leader than ataturk . 
  turkey is getting better by day by ... '' these kind of comments scare the shit out of me . 
  what kind of brainwashing have they been subjected to that erdogan looks like a better leader than ataturk ? 
  the uk were the ones acting as erdogan 's and turkey 's '' yesmen '' while in the eu . 
  they heavily tried to push for turkey joining the eu , and now that they left themselves , they 're trying to maintain very good relations despite the regressive government . 
  except if we are to go with that analogy , you did not cancel your subscription/leave the apartment yet . 
  you are still fully benefiting from said '' services '' . 
  happy statehood day , neighbors . 
  now now , do n't get triggered . 
  it 's all in good fun . 
  which is probably going to be never . 
  unless a certain eu sanction forces them to do so , i hardly see them going through the paperwork and copyrights necessary just to stream music to a country of 4 million people . 
  looking at it from a purely business point of view , i can understand it . 
  but as a customer and person , it makes me pretty angry and disappointed . 
  when did listening to music and paying for the service become so fucking hard ? 
  take my goddamn money , spotify . 
  why do n't you want it ? 
  come on , man . 
  you got ta make it crystal clear that it 's a joke or people will be jumping down your throat until the end of time . 
  i mean , let 's be real here . 
  the only reason you even call tesla motors an american company is because they 're stationed there . 
  the company itself was made by a south african and are currently looking to expand their manufacture in a lot of other countries . 
  spotify is european ? 
  that 's hilarious and sad at the same time , they do n't even let me use their site although i 'm on the same fucking continent as them . 
  maybe spotify is '' european '' but it 's very much oriented on the usa , considering they refuse to provide service for over half of their own continent . 
  i 'm from europe and when someone says amsterdam , i immediately think of weed . 
  also pretty architecture , bicycles and water canals , but mostly weed . 
  some dank homemade yugoslav memes, 
  hahahahaha, 
  eight times more likely to be jailed than a native brit ? 
  where have you found these statistics ? 
  very true , but considering he 's from the us , he should n't be held accountable for his opinion . 
  especially considering it looks like he formed it solely based on the article and a few comments from this thread . 
  holy shit ? 
  so in total you have about 10k foreign people jailed per six months ?
