our football team is less-than-laughable i am afraid that you leaving the country wo n't really solve this problem . 
   also , putting irish first before english on saftey signs in a primarily english speaking country is stupid does this apply to the whole country or just the parts with large irish-speaking population ? 
  i ca n't see anyone mentioning the tapes . 
  long story short - a record of a conversation held by the head od polish central bank , minister of interior and then-minister of transport , was leaked . 
  in the conversation , besides using extremely vulgar language and expressing general lack of respect towards polish constutional and political system , these three gentlemen discussed a deal between the central bank and the government . 
  the minister of finance was supposed to be replaced by someone else in exchange for the central bank printing more money . 
  ( which did happen consequently ) this topic is currently on all newspapers ' headlines . 
  it is still unknown , by whom the tapes were leaked . 
  many journalists suggest the director of the central bank himself , some other politicians , and polish or foreign intelligence . 
  the government is trying to downplay the whole story . 
  some commentators expect the leak to have major political consequences . 
  i have n't been following the story too closely , maybe someone could give a better summary . 
  * [ zapiekank ] ( https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:and9gcriybzwgvxjz_y3xfwbn0yiuf3vw_q2pvhwgpdeklsw8n8gsvp36w ) i ( singular form - 1 zapiekanka ) . 
  it 's popular all across the country but somehow it 's become a local speciality . 
  the most popular ones are sold on plac nowy , in the middle of the former jewish district , kazimierz . 
  it 's basicly a baked baguette cut in half , with all sorts of toppings . 
  prices vary from 5 to 10 z\u0142oty ( ~ 1,5-3 $ ) . 
  not my personal favourite but it can stuff you well and waiting in lines to the most popular places became a part of krak\u00f3w 's social life . 
  kind of a bretzel/bagel typical for krak\u00f3w . 
  now it 's a registered regional product . 
  you usually buy it from a tiny , blue stand , on your way to work/school . 
  when it 's fresh and crunchy it works great as a fast snack . 
  price : around 1,50 z\u0142oty ( ~ 0,35 $ ) * [ kie\u0142baski z nyski ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-97dxkbul3js/ufcnxng16ci/aaaaaaaaasy/kgk89udkn1u/s1600/dsc01140.jpg ) - grilled kie\u0142basa / sausage served from an old * nysa * van . 
  nothing fancy , and a bit overpriced ( 8 z\u0142 / 2 $ for a kie\u0142basa as far as i remember ) , but it 's a legendary meeting place for taxi drivers , police officers after their shift and exhausted partygoers on their way home . 
  i guess the spirit of eating a hot sausage by one of makeshift tables or simply by the road 's shoulder and meeting all sorts of random people is what draws everybody to this place , * ice cream !, 
  i bet you guys could also name a few ice-cream shops , which everybody simply * has to * go to , when visiting your town . 
  propably it 's a subject for a whole new thread . 
  the rumour says , there are no good kebabs in krak\u00f3w . 
  i have a few , that i like , but so far , i have never come across a really good one in this city . 
  we also love your sandu ciorba !, 
  `` borgen '' ( political fiction tv series ) is also quite popular in some european countries , i guess . 
  ( tl ; dr below ) i am not totally against the idea . 
  it would be propably one of the most important moments in the union 's history . 
  because of turkey 's location and it 's involvement in the whole middle east , welcoming them as a eu member would mean a major shift in the union 's interest in this direction . 
  with that being said , i think , having the middle east as a top priority for eu 's actions would be hard to compromise with interests of current members states . 
  it is hard to expect , what is going to happen on the eu 's eastern border with russia being apparently eager to start another cold war . 
  we will propably also need to engage in stabilising the situation in north africa , not only to secure member states ' interests but also to prevent further massive illegal imigration . 
  then comes the trade deal with the usa . 
  it 's propably still going to take some time before both sides agree on it 's terms but it 's also going to take much effort before and after signing it to keep the trans-atlantic trade relations in the right balance . 
  what i 'm trying to point out is , that the eu has many geopolitical challenges to face in the next years . 
  i do n't think the member countries will have enough resources to add the turkish integration to the list . 
  we should not forget , that turkey is considered a regional superpower and it always has a say , when something is happening in relation to syria , iran , israel and rest of the region . 
  having the turks on board , their business would have to become our business . 
  even if turkey underwent a huge change , democritising it 's society , growing a secular middle class , providing environment for people from rural regions to stay and work at home instead of just emigrating , even if they met all the criteria for new members , accepting them into the eu could be too big a chunk to chew for us . 
  and as for now , i do n't even see the country going in the right direction . 
  not only is pm erdogan constantly violating democratic principles , even worse there still seems to be no reasonable alternative to his rule . 
  all thing considered , we should treat turkey in a special way . 
  there is no other country like it and we do share many common interests . 
  they will have to be taken into account when building eu 's strategy in the region and there is a huge potential in trade with their ever growing economy . 
  to be taken seriously , the eu must stop pretending , that turkey may join it one day , instead , it must offer a strategic partnership with profits for both sides . 
  tl ; dr it 's an interesting idea but it 's close to impossible in short-and mid-term . 
  instead we must form a close partnership . 
   i do n't want to explain exactly why i do n't think this is going to be a very popular thread . 
  maybe try and expad you opinion ? 
  poland for instance , in comparison to austria or germany did n't provide an environment , which would let families rely on just one salary . 
  i think this may have influenced the situation a bit . 
  i also think , that rapid transition to market economy , which left many men working in the industrial sector unemployed forced many women to be the breadwinners of their families . 
  i guess , that times of instability made us accept situations , we would normally view as unusual . 
  on the other hand , i would n't go with the op 's statement too far . 
  we , at least in pl , live in quite a traditionalist society . 
  maybe it would be easier to reply to the statement , if the op was a bit more precise . 
  poland !, 
  1 ) the ruling party , po ( part of epp ) on monday , our pm 's channel uploaded a short video of pm singing * hey , jude * ( [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ewm9xxspf0 ) ) it turned out to be a teaser of a longer vid about our 10 years in the eu . 
  ( [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ptzuh-az4cc ) ) . 
  the party is alleged to fund it 's campaign by public money ( cost of shooting both materials , over 7m pln was covered by the pm 's office , not the party itself ) . 
  general message of po during this campaign will propably picture them as a strong pro- european voice . 
  pm tusk has also compared the upcoming elections in the ukrainian context to pre-1939 situation , indicating his party to be a reliable choice for the harsh times coming . 
  the statement has been widely critisised . 
  conservatives and reformists ) the main opposition party includes many domestic issues in it 's eu-campaign . 
  among the european issues , they constantly demand the government to persuade the eu to take more serious actions against russia . 
  most candidates of pis express their attatchment to christian values . 
  here 's an [ example , no . 
  1 candidate from the krak\u00f3w region ] ( http://wybierzpis.org.pl/profile/ryszard-legutko/ ) : * in the european parliament i am going to : * * - defend the civilisation of life and fight for excluding issues of world-view beliefs from the european legislation ( well , it 's a hard one for me to translate , he propably wants the eu not to mess with our anti-abortion law , lack of same-sex marriages/civil partnerships etc. 
  ) * * - suppport strengthening the energy security in the member states * * - advocate for creating a regional carpathian strategy * their slogan for the election is : to serve poland , to listen to the polish people . 
  3 ) sld ( european socialist & democrats , s&d ) this time , sld is focusing on european issues , posing as a member of strong european alliance . 
  their slogan : heading for change . 
  they also present themselves as an alternative for the 2 biggest parties . 
  4 ) your move/your movement , registered for the election as europa plus ( i guess , they 're going to join s&d if they get any seats ) , they are calling for tighter european integration and present themselves as a modern , european voice in an overly conservative country . 
  here 's a spot of one of their leaders : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6uladru4zbm * new york has it 's spiderman , gotham city has batman . 
  in krak\u00f3w , choose hartman * ... duh 5 ) psl ( epp ) the peasants party , as they are often described , member of the ruling coalition . 
  they are still paying for the debts from the last general election , so i would n't expect any big campaign from them this time . 
  their slogan : tradition , modernity , poland . 
  well , some organisations on all sides of the conflict have ideed a military-based structure , dress in paramilitary uniforms and use the kind of rhetoric , which divides people into ` us ' and ` the others ' . 
  i think that 's a good start to call a certain organisation fascist . 
  on the other hand , russians see themselves as the force , that almost single-handedly defeated fascism in the great motherland war , which supposedly makes them anti-fascist almost per definition . 
  at the same time , some of the forces , which anti-russian , western ukrainians relate to , did cooperate with the iii reich during the ww ii . 
  in this context , calling someone ` fascist ' does n't have much to do with ideology they employ , as much as with their views on the sides of a different conflict from over half a century ago . 
  still , i see major differences between the sides of the ukrainian conflict ( and i do agree that simply juxtaposing them as two opposing sides is an oversimplification ) : first of all , russia does n't seem to have any problem with conducting regular military actions using undercover units . 
  they have guns , tanks , missle launchers etc. 
  and wo n't mind using them , without declaring any war officialy . 
  western ` fascist ' , despite their populist message and relatively large popularity in these harsh times , are not very likely to implement any of real fascist policies . 
  being populist and calling for radical solutions does not make them fascist yet . 
  at the same time , russian ` anti-fascist ' regime is using it 's military strength in resolving social issues and uses it 's influence to cut the society off from unfavourable sources of information , which does sound pretty much like fascism to me . 
  ** poland ** the only notable anti- eu movement at the moment is the national front - a loose union of various nationalist organisations . 
  although they are taking part in the following election to the european parliament , it seems their chances of having at least one of their candidates elected are close to zero . 
  then comes the main opposition party - law and justice ( pis ) . 
  not an openly anti-eu party , but they tend to relate to general euro-scepticism . 
  the [ polls ] ( http://ewybory.eu/sondaz-millward-brown-07-03-2014/ ) are giving them the first/second place in the european parliament election . 
  they belong to the [ european conservatives and reformists group ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_conservatives_and_reformists ) , alongside british conservatives and czech ods . 
  their agenda and performance in the eu-election will be propably based on local , national politics and criticism of the ruling party-po , rather than their views on european issues .
