  because of many poles feeling disappointed with eu 's inability to react to the ukrainian crisis , i expect the mainstream parties not to use the arguments against stronger institutional union as much as they would normally . 
  did you write it , op ? 
  also , is it really possible that a pub pays for their guest 's taxi ? 
  poland has steffen m\u00f6ller , the most german of all germans , with the \u00fcber german name , born in the town , the germans apparently love to joke about , wuppertal . 
  it 's skrzszsb\u017a\u017a\u017arzc, 
  answer : not at all . 
  they are more cosmopolitan since they spend their time discussing with foreigners in a language that is foreign to most of them . 
  they tend to be more pro ue/federalist than their national crowds and this subreddit is one of the very few places in the internet where at least some people know the difference between the european council and council of europe . 
  apart from that like on many reddits , i guess there are more young male users than the average european demographics would suggest . 
  cod war with iceland ? 
  i actually did n't mean british wars , just that we have enough wars anyway around the globe, 
  i 'm definitely upvoting it just to see the shitstorm unfold, 
  maybe the sikhs ? 
  please do n't let this turn into another silly war ... 
  quality content , vat , 64 pages long pdf , british spelling , 3 language versions , most of the labour done by the poles . 
  ... says the h\u00fcrriyet . 
  seriously though , buildings belonging to newspapers , parties and organisations seem to be attacked by someone almost every day . 
  such a pitty for such a great place . 
  itt : friendly european foodies mixing english language with cyrillic alphabet . 
  but lithuanians have always been pretty good at basketball !, 
  jagiellonian university in cracow has multiple campuses , if that 's the information you are looking for . 
  calling germany europe 's wealthiest country is a bit of an overstatement , i suppose . 
  so these reporters would work for rt from latvia ? 
  we need more quality content like this on r/europe . 
  however , the v4 did n't have any significant achievements in the recent times , so many of us in the region are not very interested in this organization . 
  does anyone have more info on this decision ? 
  i 'd love to see the reasoning behind it . 
  i also do n't fully understand if rt wanted to broadcast their program in latvia or did they want to have their reporters there, 
  i love the irony about this syrian kid ' t-shirt saying ` no regrets 4 the past ' . 
  well done , sky news, 
  i 'd appreciate it if guardian put a stock picture of kroner instead of euros . 
  it may not be a popular view in my country but such bases would violate nato agreement with russia . 
  i believe that obeying our commitments should be a part of the alliance 's strength . 
  even if russia behaves like a bully , it should n't make us act like them . 
  attempt ... in attempt . 
  typical commission . 
  i do n't remember so much attention being given to the subject in my schools , even though i was in a history focused class . 
  we often call it recovered territory because no-one has come yet with another term . 
  this name has also been around for so long that we got used to it . 
  still , being from the east , 1/3 of poland feels like germany to me . 
  yep , i actually meant it as a joke . 
  like ` they steal our jobs ', 
  they steal our blood !, 
  so you balts have even separate languages ? 
  definietly . 
  german is much more popular than french in poland , czech republic , slovakia , or hungary . 
  a bar in sicily - that 's all he could tell me, 
  so a lithuanian friend of mine visited sicily these holidays and that 's a picture he took there . 
  i assume he enjoyed the idea of revival of the grand lithuanian duchy . 
  a dane , latvian , or belarussian may see it a bit differently . 
  national politics is very unstable these days + the eu parliament favours smaller counries over bigger ones . 
  good job , op . 
  i 'd also love to see the ratio for the whole eu , with all countries summed up proportionally to their population . 
  maybe i 'll crunch all this data one day . 
  the thing with poland is , that the far right are very keen on developing social services and general redistribution . 
  ok , so what do the sinn fein stand for these days and what convinced you to support them ? 
  49 % year to year , i assume . 
  was n't serbian agricultural production last year hit by the previous flood that got half of the country underwater ? 
  `` others were back in romania only briefly because they needed to take care of paperwork in budapest . '', 
  oooops ... 
  yet the palace became the most recognizable landmark in post-war warsaw , after most of the city was destroyed by the nazis . 
  warsaw has an almost exactly opposite example . 
  the stalinist-era [ palace of culture and science ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/palace_of_culture_and_science ) is seen by many as a communist relic , but the area around it became the most important part of the city and a major transportation hub . 
  some people wanted the palace to be torn down , but many institutions located inside had nowhere else to go , and the building was left as a reminder of harsh communist times . 
  instead of demolishing it , the planning authorities allowed it to be surrounded by a number of skyscrapers , so that it does n't dominate the city alone . 
  ( well , i 'm slightly over-simplyfying here , the whole process was pretty chaotic , quite typically for post-communist poland ) . 
  [ picture ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/jbudyta/6130827942 ), 
  however , the skyscrapers do not have to be built in the historic centre . 
  with proper planning , they can create their own microcosmos , without ruining the city 's essence . 
  parissian la defense is a great example , even if it has been very controversial over many years . 
  ok , not so ha-ha then . 
  anyway , it 's yet another competence harmonised within the eu , but barely regulated federally in the usa . 
  sometimes our union feels to me like an inside-out version of the us . 
  on the side note : `` value-added tax ( a kind of sales tax ) '' . 
  murrica can not into vat . 
  ha ha . 
  proper spelling of the city 's name may also be helpful . 
  the tag `` european union '' is wrong , the echr has almost nothing to do with the eu . 
   should eu citizens be able to settle in other eu countries if they do n't have a job or enough money to live on ? 
  no , they should n't . 
  this issue is addressed by the directive no . 
  [ 2004/58/ec ] ( http://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex:32004l0038r%2801%29 ) . 
  check out art . 
  6 and 7 . 
  i believe it should stay this way . 
   is the eu too welcoming to migrants and refugees from other parts of the world ? 
  we in the east believe that it is , germany & sweden are outraged we 're not helping at all . 
  however , the obligation to accept refugees comes from the geneva convention , not the eu law . 
  i believe , that the eu as a whole has the capability to help people in the affected areas much better than single countries do . 
  we still have huge unused potential in this area . 
  it should be pointed out , that the uk , being outside of schengen , will not be affected by the refugee influx on the continent . 
  it would be also interesting to see the uk using eu 's legal instruments in order to put pressure on france to solve the crisis in the calais ` jungle ' , as it is clearly affecting the free movement of goods . 
   do you think your country should give more power to the eu ? 
  not really . 
  the eu has to make a better use of the powers it already has . 
  i would like my country to engage more on the european scene , and i would even more like to see the uk more active on the eu level . 
  we could all use a british perspective on most issues , other than the debate on granting the uk another set of exceptions . 
   if britain leaves the eu - will it affect your country ? 
  yes , of course it will . 
  we do n't know how much , but surely it wo n't be any good for europe or poland .
