   do you think the eu helps businesses and jobs ? 
  it does . 
  but it is also one of the only bodies , which can stand up to unfair and monopolistic practices of us tech giants . 
   do you think the eu gives you a better quality of life ? 
  in central-eastern europe ? 
  definietly . 
   do you think the euro has been good for europe ? 
  it 's often described as a failure , but so was the previous system of unstable currencies going up and down all the time . 
  now once the euro is here , there is no turning back . 
  but as monetary policy , it 's always an incredibly complicated issue . 
  that 's the best possible evidence of how much these reforms are needed . 
  that 's what i 've heard too . 
  is it because of number of people in the cleaning services or just because how clean and law-abiding everyone is ? 
  now compare it to the brand new oncology centre in lublin , poland . 
  related : makabry\u0142a contest for the worst building of the year . 
  i can catch a broader sense of any slavic language , but not bulgarian . 
  i 've been to sofia , i hitchhiked across the country . 
  this language is as foreign as french to me . 
  just a usual public elementary school . 
  could you tell me , what was the stance of the communist regime on botev ? 
  because as an anti-czar freedom fighter , he seems to be a perfect material for a communist poster boy . 
  which could lead our authorities to commemorate him by an act of friendship to our eastern-bloc brothers . 
  fun fact : there 's a hristo botev school in warsaw http://www.sp238.republika.pl/ there are also streets named after hristo botev in warsaw and cracow . 
  that 's almost exactly what the polish pis party leader jaros\u0142aw kaczy\u0144ski believes . 
  and you know - to some extent , he 's right . 
  in many instututions ( including his own party ) , you 'll find the old-regime officials . 
  i would like our eastern european societies to take this issue seriously , but not in conspiracy theory - style . 
  i guess it 's a larger matter of economy and social science . 
  who had the best access to money , education and influence when the wall fell ? 
  the commies . 
  apart from that , very few of the aparatchiks were really ideological communists , many more were simply oportunists . 
  and they adapted to the new system just like they adapted to the old one . 
  contrary to what the new polish government , viktor orban , or many others in our region think , the solution is not a massive purge and ` change of the elites ' , but an equal society with fair chances for everyone . 
  however , this seems to be a goal hard to accomplish anywhere these days . 
  hi , have you given thought to what actually you want to study ? 
  edit : anyway , poland is quite a nice country , check http://www.studyinpoland.pl/en/, 
   i 'm shocked lamont is still alive or relevant . 
  same for the polish guy , balcerowicz . 
  but i had the impression that lamont did quite a good job , given the 8 vs 1 formula . 
  you 're all posting poverty and social housing . 
  but what i find most ugly in my country , is how we 're trying to cover the greyness and dirt with huge advertisement banners and bright paint . 
  so , here 's a great case in point , the facebook fanpage polisz arkitekczer http://on.fb.me/1udu2e5 as for the usual post-industrial armagedon , sosnowiec and radom are classic examples . 
  also pls remove chemtrails plox . 
  welcome , advocate !, 
  i 'm glad you are here . 
  yes , the previous amendment was faulty . 
  i am almost sure , we would n't be here , was n't it for po 's greed and lousy lawmaking . 
  the ct 's judges did work on the amendment . 
  apparently on the less-screwd up parts . 
  the thing with choosing judges , before it 's time for that - that part was n't in the original project , it was added in the parliament . 
  having only 9 judges for the verdict ? 
  possibly wrong . 
  there are however no consequences forseen for calling 9 instead of 12 judges . 
  there 's also no other instance to question , whether the deal was big enough for `` the great chamber '' . 
  and honestly - there was no other way to solve it , especially with the next 2 judges soon finishing their tenure . 
  as for the `` next thing '' : you 're right . 
  they should 've waited with the new judges , at least for a day . 
  and as for `` the last thing '' : no , you are not the only one who is upset about this . 
  while consulting the act was done as a part of the job at ct and therefor not prohibited , it was also a violation of the separation of powers . 
  the thing is , we do n't fire judges for being naughty . 
  the temptation of getting rid of ones , we do n't like , would be too big . 
  and while the institution clearly needs some changes , those kind of changes require time and a wide consensus . 
  rushed amendments of this and previous parliament clearly show outraging short-termism and lack of respect towards principles of our state . 
  i guess , that sounds like a good subject for the european comission to focus on . 
  thanks , a german version is fine . 
  edit : zeit already translated it !, 
  i personally find the subject of the constitutional tribunal the most important in this case . 
  the previous parliament amended the law in order to choose the tribunal 's judges in advance . 
  so instead of just choosing 3 judges for the soon-to-be vacated seats , they also chose 2 judges in advance , for the seats that would vacate right after the elections . 
  an obvious power grab , without a doubt . 
  the thing is , the tribunal can handle this type of situations by controling amendments to the statutory law . 
  the pis - affiliated president duda refused to swear-in the judges , without giving a specific reason . 
  then the elections came and pis took over . 
  the lower chamber of the parliament , sejm , declared in an unprecedented act , that the election of 5 judges are deemed null and void . 
  period . 
  i still struggle to understand , where the legitimation for such a retroactive action would come from . 
  immediately after that , 5 new judges were chosen by the parliament and sworn in by the president , just a few hours before the scheduled tribunal 's decision on whether the previous parliament 's amendment violated the constitution . 
  the tribunal declares the amendment as unconstitutional and states , that the previous parliament had the right to choose only 3 judges . 
  and these 3 judges should be sworn in by the president . 
  result : the tribunal , which according to the constitution should have 15 judges , now has 18 of them , including 3 , who should be sworn in , and 3 , who were chosen by the new parliament for the seats , which were n't there . 
  the chief justice/president of the tribunal decides now to work with just 10 judges , excluding all `` new '' 8 until the situation is resolved . 
  a major shitstorm ensues , politicians go apeshit . 
  the ruling party pis decides to amend the act on the const . 
  tribunal once again , now raising the treshold of the tribunal 's decisions needed to declare an act as unconstitutional to 2/3 . 
  the quorum in these cases is raised to 13 judges ( instead of previous 5/10/12 / - depending on the case and chief justice 's decision ) . 
  that is the strengthening that you mentioned . 
  i understand that this argument may be valid in some circumstances but let 's not forget that at that point the tribunal works with just 10 judges . 
  instead of solving the problem , the government decided to bully the tribunal in a specific direction , diminishing it 's power in the system of checks and balances . 
  the tribunal decided , that they will not obey the new law until they prove , whether it 's constitutional . 
  while it makes some sense to me , it 's obviously controversial . 
  recently , 2 of the `` new '' judges were included in the work of the tribunal . 
  i see it as a step in the right direction . 
  i hope , that the eu 's pressure will force our politicians to reach an agreement with the judges , and the tribunal will soon start working with 15 judges , as our constitution states . 
  as for the new law on the tribunal - i have my personal view on it but it does n't really matter what i think of it . 
  i leave it to the tribunal . 
  very interesting article indeed , and thanks / u/theapatheist for a great translation . 
  any german sources of these revelations ? 
  not at all . 
  some gangsters recruited other youths as pickpockets . 
  sexual assault is a part of the robbery , supposed to confuse the victim .
