it really is , but it has to be said that we 're getting less and less mexico-y and north carolina is getting more and more mexico-y . 
  they 've had some * nutty * fucking politicians lately . 
  of course , so do we , but it 's gotten a little better . 
  our governor even came from a a sikh indian family . 
  well yeah , but south carolina ( mind you , i live in south carolina so i 'm allowed to rip on it ) is n't exactly that important to the us . 
  that 's true , but in both situations people are being discriminated against for wearing clothing that represents something that is n't violent . 
  i mean , i 'd totally understand if the girl was wearing a `` go isis '' shirt if she got banned , but she was n't promoting anything violent , just her beliefs ( and she was hardly that ) . 
  in a way that 's kind of similar to how russia is persecuting people for wearing clothing or other artifacts that represent homosexuality . 
  of course , islam and homosexuality are completely different , since homosexuality is n't a choice . 
  but my point is that both situations involve people being persecuted for nonviolently representing things . 
  i know the the thing in france is n't nearly as bad as what 's going on in russia , with gays and my original comment made it seem like i thought they were completely the same . 
  i just think they are vaguely comparable . 
  also as a side note . 
  i think it 's ironic that she got banned from a school for wearing that , as a proper education is one of the things that could most effectively make her more secular . 
  i 'm just fucking with you man . 
  it does n't really offend me , but thanks caring anyways . 
  you seem like a good dude . 
  oh ok . well i guess i 'm just an idiot then . 
  thanks for pointing that out , / u/effipower . 
  guess i should just go check myself in at the local mental institution and say , `` hey guys , i want to check myself in because i 'm an idiot . 
  / u/effipower sent me . '', 
  maybe then i 'll be able to spend the rest of my days in a little cell where i wo n't be able to spread my dumb thoughts and opinions around to the general populace . 
  thanks for the suggestion , / u/effipower , you might have actually just increased the general intelligence of the subreddit and society at large by keeping my stupid fucking opinions at bay . 
  i think it 's ironic how everyone gets all up in arms about russia banning openly gay clothing and such , but nobody minds when france bans people from schools for wearing certain religious clothing . 
  for the record , i 'm completely against both , but it 's just funny how one thing gets treated so differently . 
  i mean , they still have free fucking will . 
  you can be raised in an orphanage and still go to school and get a productive job or go to college . 
  it might not be as likely as it would be for everyone else , but it 's still possible . 
  just doing life ruining experiments on groups of kids and possibly fucking them up for good would be much worse for everyone in the long run . 
  besides , to use the classic empathy argument : how would you like to be experimented on and ruined for life because someone thought you would n't be successful , or because someone thought you would make a cool experiment ? 
  that 's fucking sick that you think that 's a good idea . 
  yeah , it 's definitely true that we get americanized versions of things in order to pander to the lowest common denominator . 
  a really good example is the movie `` the girl with the dragon tattoo '' . 
  that was originally a swedish movie with english subtitles , but it did n't see a wide release here because the movie publishers thought it would n't be profitable . 
  instead they made an entirely new movie with a bigger budget and `` hollywood '' actors . 
  so yeah , you 're definitely right about that americanization part . 
  well it depends on what the `` then ... well ... means '' . 
  it certainly matters whether they 're putting a gun to someone 's head and saying `` if you do n't follow our censorship , we 'll imprison you or kill you '' or if they 're just * suggesting * it . 
  i mean if the government suggests something without force , then it 's really just that : a suggestion . 
  in that situation companies are there free to support it or not . 
  that 's a pretty important distinction . 
  well there 's all sorts of media that 's banned in germany simply for having swastikas and whatnot . 
  that 's regardless of whether or not anything harmful was meant by them . 
  for example , the south park game got censored in germany for having swastikas in it even though matt and trey parker are not nazis . 
  and that 's stupid . 
  that game being shown in its uncensored version would n't have hurt anyone . 
  that may not seem like a big deal , but when that happens tens or hundreds of times it certainly means something . 
  i think it 's good . 
  it 's good that people want to experiment around with new ( non-nazi or communist ) ideas in places like this . 
  the rest of us can maybe learn something from it . 
  it 's relevant to all of russia , which is a country in europe . 
  but if you want to be a nitpicky douchebag that 's cool too . 
  but it 's kind of hard to define the line between banning propaganda and banning freedom of speech . 
  it 's a slippery slope i guess . 
  i mean if someone puts up poster saying `` gee whiz i really like stalin . 
  call ( 555 ) -555 -5555 to come join the ` tard fest . '', 
  or something along those lines , and it got torn down , i think that 's understandable . 
  especially considering ukraine 's unique - ahem - circumstances . 
  however if someone is giving a speech promoting communist and they 're arrested for it , then that sets a dangerous precedent . 
  the shop you speak of might be banned here because it 's actually calling for physical violence . 
  still though , it would be a pretty big deal if it got closed down , and it 's hard to say with certainty what would happen in that case . 
  probably it would simply go out of business very quickly , and the owners would * never * be hired for anything ever again . 
  that 's actually a really good question though . 
  when ? 
  where ? 
  by who ? 
  that 's not even something you can really disprove , it 's a pretty vague idea . 
  you can call people the `` n word '' . 
  you wo n't be arrested , but it 's very frowned upon by society . 
  you can freely express ideas of nazism here in the us . 
  everybody would ( rightly ) think you were nuts , but you 're free to do so . 
  that 's how it should be . 
  if you ban people from expressing their ideas then that just means you 're afraid of confronting them . 
  well communism is n't necessarily good , but banning people 's freedom of expression certainly is n't . 
  besides , suppressing people beliefs and freedom of expression does n't make them go away . 
  edit : i 'm an idiot : i meant `` is n't '' not `` is '', 
   wrong wrong  wrong wrong  wrong wrong, 
  that quote has nothing to do with this . 
  `` we do n't know what happened yet , but we 'll just assume that the neo-nazis were being shot at by the russians . 
  also , fuck russians , the more of them that die the better . '', 
  the ceasefire agreement de-facto did n't include debaltsevo . 
  even if it was technically included , there was no way the situation their would remain peaceful for long . 
  both sides basically just decided to fight it out in that part . 
  iirc when minsk-ii went into effect , the pro-russians had debaltsevo surrounded and all of the ukrainian supply lines were cut off . 
  it was n't just going to stay like that . 
  since then , though , the ceasefire has kept pretty well . 
  where did i say `` forgotten '' ? 
  of course it has n't been forgotten , but people have certainly forgiven germany for their actions , as they should . 
  today , germany is trusted by the rest europe and the world . 
  nobody expects germany to start taking over the rest of europe . 
  look , you do n't have to like russia . 
  whatever , it 's cool . 
  but you ca n't call russian society `` static . '', 
  they 're probably the least static society on earth . 
  edit : to clarify , just in the past 30 years russia went from being fully into the whole `` communist '' thing , to hating communism and attempting democracy , to basically being run by the mob , to pulling themselves together somewhat , to now drifting towards autocracy . 
  even now , there are russians who want a full democracy , russians who like how it is now , russians who want to return to communism , and even a few neo-nazis . 
  if that 's `` static '' then i do n't know what is n't . 
  that 's fucking ridiculous . 
  i mean , look at germany . 
  70 years ago they were trying to take over all of europe and kill all jews and minorities , and you trust them now .
