changes the number from plural to one . 
  imagine if he makes her pregnant ? 
  we 'd have a heir emperor to unify the two kingdoms ... 
   we ca n't accommodate every refugee that seeks asylum over here , it 's just not possible how do you know ? 
  how many of them are seeking asylum , and how many of them can we accommodate ? 
  maybe we can . 
  you can promise me negative money and it 's still better than isis . 
  i was only saying why for me it 's not hard to believe that the younger would vote no . 
  it was n't their generation who screwed up , they might not want to pay for that . 
  but we want to make assertions about topics we know nothing about !, 
  you can speak all nazism you want in spain . 
  it 's only in germany where they 're ( understandably ) still recovering from it . 
  and yeah , we would n't like more of the random shootings ; but otoh we do n't live in fear of a european king taking our guns away to enslave us , so i think we 'd all agree alright . 
  was that all over the country , a particular neighborhood you have in mind , or something in between ? 
  i like you guys and i 'm on the other side of the continent , fwiw . 
  for those of us unaware of all things watery : why is it fucked up ? 
  or cordoba 's caliphate . 
  plus with the mercator projection the nordic countries extend vertically to infinity . 
  in what sense ? 
  only greece remains to get out of the financial crisis . 
  spain is already on its way out . 
  norway has oil , and switzerland prefers to remain neutral . 
  iceland i do n't know , but it 's only like 200,000 people , so it 's not the richest of countries . 
  we do n't exist . 
  why does n't the losing side have to cover all expenses ? 
  is the suadi government fighting that internal support ? 
  the european governments are . 
  inaction to prevent it , at least . 
  i did n't know about that . 
  i had only seen that `` religiosity '' towards a constitution in the us . 
  mind you , in spain changing the constitution is part of the program that 's getting new parties into congress . 
  to be fair , presumption of innocence really is one of the cornerstones of western democracy . 
  you should !, 
  would that still be in time to avoid the eu 's penalty fee ? 
  at this point you 've branched so far off my post that i 'm not sure we 're even talking of the same thing . 
  my post is a reply to :  expressing concern over unvetted migrants is not a nirvana fallacy . 
  saying we dont live in a paradise is implying that he 's somehow being unrealistic . 
  by noting that the original argument :  the fact that there was a terrorist there in the first place [ is problematic ] is indeed a nirvana fallacy if one 's arguing for different vetting of refugees to decide whether they get to stay permanently . 
  because there 's plenty of european-born terrorists already . 
  maybe with immigrant parents or grandparents , as you point out . 
  but trying to vet based on whether you think a grandchild of them will become a terrorist is absurd . 
  what would you even look at ? 
  what do you mean ? 
  but i do n't think you 're proposing vetting immigrants based on whether a future son or grandson of theirs will fail to integrate properly and be a psycho . 
  i do n't know about german kids , but in the school i went to , 1 out of 25 spanish students even paying attention to spanish class ( or any other class whatsoever ) sounds about correct . 
  what i was trying to convey is there 's a difference between what the public thinks is exceptional , and what is exceptional . 
  the former , not the latter , is what drives the press and grabs attention . 
   if they really have to champion their ethnicity , then it means the fact is exceptional . 
  no , it means the press considers the public would see it as news-worthy . 
  the problem is trump used that as an excuse for islamophobia . 
  as in : the moment you all stop hiding information from the police , you wo n't have to suffer islamophobia anymore . 
   would require building a completely new city germany is a country of 80 million people . 
  there 's an obvious solution to relocating refugees which is n't putting them all together , which is why such nonsense is n't even thought of by anybody . 
   the fact that there was a terrorist there in the first place he did n't say `` the fact that a terrorist managed to get in as a migrant '' . 
  we already have plenty of terrorists in europe , none of which are migrants . 
  i wish brexit ends up being for the best . 
  ignore those who wish the uk ill from this , it 's just a knee-jerk reaction to the feeling of being abandoned by a friend . 
  british humor is the best , too . 
  i mean , you either want the eu institutions to be able and willing to help greece economically out of the crisis , or you want smaller institutions ( in terms of budget ) . 
  you can not want both things at the same time . 
   the greek people voted against harsh austerity measures , the eu deciding it would just ignore the overwhelming result you realize austerity measures are absolutely right-wing ? 
   being a right winger , i believe strongly in small government and deregulation ( i 'm not quite an-cap though ) , and the eu is in direct opposition to this . 
  which opposes this opinion . 
  ah , que interesante . 
  it 's true though . 
  what 's liechtenstein like ? 
  yeah , only a small core of fans like him in spain anyway . 
  you do ?? 
  yeah , expect that definition to broaden and police to target you quantitative-analyst types , lest you come near a crowd with the intention of enabling some polluting industry . 
  ffs . 
  and who in europe even has indonesian immigration ? 
  oh , this is awesome !, 
  :d thanks for sharing the beautiful trick !, 
  fwiw , for the spanish-speaking world you guys are either estados unidos ( us , omitting the a ) , or gringolandia , so the confusion is thus avoided . 
  ^ ( guys , i think this is mo farah . ), 
  thanks for the explanation !, 
  i was kind of lost in this whole thread . 
   that 's because a free trade agreement is very different to a single market . 
   being in the single market has various advantages over a free trade agreement . 
  what are they ? 
  ( honest question ) . 
  because the referendum was n't formally tied to any decision at all ; it was just a huge poll to see where they stood . 
  of course that meant that , in practice , this could happen . 
  now you got ta hand them your government . 
  use those juicy german bonds and buy it for the eu !, 
  i 'm a colchonero and would totally vote for that . 
  ronaldo would go to brussels , punch merkel , take off his shirt and shout `` au !, 
   do they really think euro currency works long term ? 
  yes . 
  and what would the uk care anyway . 
   do they really think the mass immigration by people of africa and arabic country will end well ? 
  not sure how 's that related to the eu , and even less to the uk that keeps having a border with the rest of the eu . 
   do they really think extremism on both sides of the political spectrum will not rise because of the current escalation spirales ? 
  extremism is the eu 's fault ? 
   do they really think citizens will accept it in the long term to be governt by `` fifa-like '' crooks unlike the politicians in the other levels ( country , region , city ) , which are n't crooks . 
   do they really think nothing will rise from long term high youth unemployment rates in some member states ? 
  that was caused by the global financial crisis , that originated in the us . 
  yet the us was able to navigate it , and has already forgotten about it , on account of having a strong central government and bank that could actually do things about it . 
  do n't be !, 
  we venezuelans cope with maduro ( and chavez before him ) ; italians had to bear with berlusconi ; half of americans are seriously voting for trump ; ... idiocy is part of the human condition !,
