so did i. 
  came into the comment section to search for an explination , and well i got it . 
  i 'm sorry but you alone ca n't suggest a new sponsorship system and then just implement it . 
  you have to create a party and then get millions to vote for you . 
  in scandinavia we have done that and 87 % of the people in sweden voted for parties that think that we should keep funding people that come from war zones to get a life in sweden . 
  should n't we listen to the 87 % rather than the 13 % ? 
  and i do put my money where my mouth is . 
  i pay taxes just as you do . 
  i do n't think that you 're the one to speak about morals here . 
  are you aware what 's going on in the world ? 
  innocent people are beeing shot in the back as they are forced to dig their own mass graves and you say we ca n't afford to take care of them because it 's expensive and it destroys our `` cohesiveness '' ? . 
  we elect our parliaments with a democratic system and this is what the people want . 
  do n't you think it 's fair as it is ? 
  i dont know if you have heard about general elections . 
  in them you can vote for the party that represent your own views and then get tax policies according to the result of the election . 
  what about we also stop paying tax for healthcare and then we can start a sponsorship program where everyone who wants to pay for treatment of others can do that . 
  is n't that also fair ? 
  also , get your god damn facts right . 
  we do not have 48 billion extra to pay this year . 
  it 's 48 billion extra for this and the next four years . 
  that 's a huge difference . 
  i despise that rethoric to be honest . 
  here we can give them a life . 
  there we can hopefully help them survive in aweful living conditions in tent camps . 
  let 's try to give them a chance to start over , learn the language and help them into our society . 
  as for the people that are still in the countries close to eg syria , we have to give sufficient funds to make their living conditions good enough too . 
  we can not afford , morally to choose between the two . 
  is helping people that come from syria and other places of death and war a concearn of money for you ? 
  we live in the wealthiest states on planet earth . 
  we can afford it . 
  what in the acutal fuck ? 
  who upvoted this ? 
  i voted for the social democrats ( as everyone should ofc  ) and i think if they are able to form a strong government with the green and the centre right parties sweden will face a good future . 
  it will basically be like the last 8 years but with some more investments in welfare which we really need and of course slightly higher taxes which i 'm absolutely fine with in order to save our welfare . 
  cheapest ( 0.5 l ) beer you can buy here cost a little more than 1 $ :( cheapest vodka 0.7 l , is around 11 $ . 
  not to mention buying a beer at a restaurant . 
  then you get to pay the small price of 8 euros . 
  aaaah i love when people say it 's expensive , and it just matches the standard prices for beer in sweden . 
  i should go to germany, 
  question : how much exactly is `` so expensive '' ? 
  my experiences with beer in germany is that it is very cheap . 
  sweden can afford this . 
  the prime minister basically said that swedes should not expect any further tax cuts due to the cost of the immigrants . 
  i 'm fine with no further tax cuts if we save lives . 
  we are a rich country and other european nations should try to follow . 
  and to people saying that we can help people in the close area instead . 
  look at lebanon . 
  they have already taken more than 1 million immigrants with a population of around 4 million . 
  source : swedish television, 
  absolutely !, 
  because they know that people would be fooled by it . 
  i 'm not saying this is russians or ukrainians . 
  i 'm just saying that we can not take it for granted that it is russian media . 
  can we be confident that this is ukrainians making all of this up to make russia look stupid ( which they obviously are either way ) . 
  well if i 'm gon na be historycally accutarate ... 
  sorry you lost it . 
  geograhpically , scania `` belongs '' to us . 
  and then we will conquer the world ? 
  just like us goths defeated the roman empire and as we won the battle of hastings , and then i have n't even mentioned discovered vinland . 
  surely you have had a look at a map before ? 
  it should belong to us , we are just polite and offer it to you . 
  see it as an act of great friendship . 
  what do you say ? 
  let 's join forces and create a union again !, 
  apologise ? 
  please for the love of god go ahead and take it back . 
  norway, 
  we do too . 
  wow ... 
  one thing that i do n't like about ttip is that the americans want us europeans to give companies bigger rights to gain profit . 
  for example on cigarette packs many countries have a text with something like `` smoking kills '' or some text that it is n't healthy to smoke . 
  with ttip the cigarette company would be able to sue the state if they would force a text like that to be on their cigarette packs . 
  all in the name of profit . 
  finally we 're getting back on track , let 's just hope it continues in the election in september . 
  am i the only one that learnt this through skavlan ? 
  best thing to come out of norway since i do n't know when . 
  what happened to the 69 000 tanks they had ?!, 
  did they just destroy them because of the cost ? 
  i mean 69 000 ( !! ), 
  tanks !, 
  unbeliveable . 
  we already have parties that are exactly as bad and even worse than golden dawn etc , but they are n't even remotely close to a place in the parliament . 
  obviously not . 
  i just said that compared to those far right parties in greece , ukraine and hungary the swedish one is n't really that extreme right . 
  do you think this party is as bad as them `` down there '' ? 
  well i do think it 's pretty bad , but they can not be compared to the far right parties that has grown a lot in greece , ukraine and hungary etc. 
  i 'd just like to have you know that although i despise that party , they are not like the far right movements down on the european continent . 
  they `` just '' want to heavily cut the immigration to sweden . 
  the point of the argument remains . 
  i 'm still afraid that they get too much influence . 
  this is the reason i 'm somewhat sceptic about the whole ukraine situation . 
  i 've been afraid that this party will get too much influence for quite a while now . 
  ukrainians need to understand that this party is n't acceptable . 
  how on earth could they get so many votes ? 
  i 'd suggest go somehwere closer to amsterdam . 
  go to paris or london !, 
  plenty of football to watch there , it will be easier to get tickets and for a lower price . 
  but ... 
  but , we cared about your election , you should care about us :(, 
  i 'm not saying that it 's a common view of the american people .
