  i was n't talking about just sending money to turkey either . 
  i know you . 
  you do this every-single-time . 
  you dodge , you twist , you ignore selectively , you make up excuses for your points and talk about apples when the discussion is about oranges . 
  i did n't even mention sending money to turkey , i said send aid to turkey - meaning direct help to the refugees there , in the context of the whole phrase what i was trying to say was obvious - and open asylum bureaus in order to help the neediest !, 
  but again , you twisting and turning . 
  do n't bother , this is my last reply to you . 
  do n't mind him , i recognize his username . 
  he 'll debate you for hours , twisting and turning at every point , deflecting in his delusion of moral high ground . 
  your point is hollow , really . 
  i was not talking about `` everything '' . 
  i was talking about implementing a real solution , not opting for unmitigated disaster for half a year before being too late . 
  i even gave an example of one . 
  of course they are , they 're the far right . 
  but they 're not an atomic barrel of powder . 
  they do have their thresholds . 
  they protested and threw flares . 
  the title is misleading . 
  there was no firebomb . 
  now tell me , what 's so inexcusable ? 
  edit : also , why are there so many fundamentalist muslims ( moderate or extreme , like isis ) who kinda would n't mind if the west just happened to die ? 
  oh , because the west interfered in their region , i get it . 
  but is n't that also an excuse for their actions , which actually are blowing people up ? 
  but they did use the refugees freedom of movement and passports which isis handed out to refugees to hide their identities and move freely . 
  and i do not condone violence of any kind , my post was n't about that ( also * there was no firebomb , just flares * ) , and i 'm sick of violence , but even though i agree you should n't , people are predictable . 
  they do . 
  my position has always been against open borders for the refugees because this sort of scenario , to me , was the only logical conclusion , and a pretty obvious one ; people are dumb and do dumb shit when they 're mad or scared . 
  edit : some people need to get it drilled in their heads that it never was about what the reaction of native europeans should or should not be , but what it will or will not be . 
  you should n't eat that much , or you should n't watch so much porn , or you should n't play games for so many ours , or drink so much , or use so many drugs , or you should exercise more , you should eat healthier , you should study harder - if these were generally true , the world would be an utopia , but it 's not , because * it 's never about should * , never !, 
  also , you * should n't * downvote someone because the truth hurts , but ha , gotcha !, 
  where did you get that from ? 
  or are you just trying to spin it ? 
  no , i 'm saying that the evil is done now , but the consequences are just starting to trickle , and that this was all avoidable . 
  not welcoming refugees with banners and implementing a more sensible solution is not what the far right wants . 
  even if it were firebombs , who would 've thought that fear ( rational or irrational ) of unprecedented unknown and the possibility of forcing people with different values to live together can lead to violence ? 
  what alien genius could 've possibly foreseen the extreme right 's reaction , the possibility of isis using the refugee crisis to have their ways , and a lot of other small things compounding towards social unrest ? 
  who could 've known that humans are , in masses , led more by emotions such as fear and the inertia of the status quo ? 
  and that when the livelihood of one mass depends on another mass to renounce theirs , this conflict of interests leads to violence ? 
  certainly not the people who welcomed the refugees/immigrants with banners . 
  `` how about we send aid to turkey , open asylum bureaus there and help the neediest in an orderly fashion ? '', 
  `` shh , do you want them to say you 're a nazi ? '', 
  edit : sure , downvoting me will reject reality and substitute your own . 
  yes , that says tons about the gypsies , but also about sweden if it has gotten to a comparable level with romania . 
   on immigration , i could tell you that i am in favour of it because i like eating food from different countries ( ... ) that 's just ... wow ... 
  so how ... are you even ... um ... 
  there 's ... just no point in having this discussion ... 
  ok , i agree with you . 
  but the fact that there are 55 zones in sweden in which ambulances and firetrucks do not go without at least 1 police car as escort because they fear people they feed and house out of swedes ' pockets is unacceptable in the context of sweden receiving more immigrants whilst , in the same time , refusing to learn anything . 
  yes , and the failure has the following name : `` not integrating at all because when you import whole communities , naturally they just insulate themselves in the familiar until resentment grows on all sides '' . 
  are you kidding ? 
  it does n't matter if it 's 1 car or 20 cars , it 's unacceptable !, 
  never said any of those things . 
  you still have n't touched my point , because there 's really no truthful way to counter it . 
  the only thing to do against is to frame it in different contexts and then disprove the contexts , which is what you did , but that is deceitful . 
  you 're flurry of accusations and statements have nothing to do with my simple point , but overwhelming is a good tactic , if you do n't disprove yourself by claiming i said things i did n't ... and you did disprove yourself . 
  theatricality and diversion , powerful tools to the uninitiated , but i am initiated . 
  my point still stands , your rant has n't even tried to touch it . 
  no , you do n't get it ... you 're deterred from doing something because of possible rapes . 
  by people you feed and house . 
  that is unacceptable . 
  you and the english share a lot of vocabulary , there 's really no excuse french can employ that almost anybody else ca n't . 
  this was all done house of cards style , i assure you . 
  merkel brokered a deal with austria . 
  austria gets to be the savior , and merkel gets to quell the criticism and close the faucet on the immigrants , whose numbers could have become a very , very serious problem . 
  this way she does n't have to backtrack and loses support from no one . 
  win-win . 
  i 'm sorry to be so blunt , but you have no idea what you are talking about ... 
  if there are people just prejudiced against these migrants because of xenophobic or racist or anti-islamist beliefs , then these scum give them the ammo to fight . 
  so your comment is very on point . 
  it was and was n't for you guys . 
  the fear the westerners had was mostly overblown and plainly wrong for the most part . 
  the average easterner is not much ( if at all ) different from the average westerner . 
  but you do n't get to see that , because the biggest misfortune happened : instead of getting more of our average , normal , hard-working , naive and relatively docile citizens , you got the worst , the gypsies , the beggars , the pimps , who prey on your specific naivete . 
  and it also did n't help us a lot because the bad things are always more visible , and the reputation grown by hundreds of hard-working romanians who are literally invisible destroyed by a couple of beggars and petty thieves . 
  and when easterners are against the refugees/immigrants , we know our shit . 
  we know that more poverty means more opportunities for people to grow cutthroat , and if you thought we were bad because of some very visible bad apples , you would have a shock when faced with new communities in which bad apples are more rotten and more numerous . 
  and you might say : yeah , but there are good apples that we must help !, 
  and we 'd all agree , most of us probably know personally people from our places who were misjudged because of their nationality , even though they were good people . 
  but we also know that when the gates open on immigration , the first people who left the country were in a big majority the nomad gypsies , the beggars , the opportunists , the scum . 
  the people who need help the most do n't even get on a boat . 
  most are probably so beaten they do n't even try . 
  instead of permitting everything to people who were visibly entitled and ungrateful from the get go , aid and refugee offices in turkey would have helped a lot more . 
  perfect french . 
  we 're no longer looking up to the west because we 've seen past their standards of living , we now understand that they are not better people , or more capable , or smarter , they 're still just people and in our shoes would do worse than us , because we 're used to it and they would n't be . 
  we came to understand a bit how important historical context actually is for how well a country is doing , and that whilst miracles coming from politics can happen , and do happen , most of the time things are n't less broken in the west , just better hidden . 
  we have `` miorita '' . 
  it 's about love between a sheep and her shepherd . 
  the problem is germany will never take one for the team . 
  not in any meaningful way . 
  i will in the morning . 
  yes , finally , true colors . 
  `` yes , but considering we could 've fucked them over even harder , they should be grateful foe just being fucked , and the fact that we did n't makes us great guys '' . 
  perfectly exemplifying my reason for political cynicism . 
  german politicians , like any other politician from any other countries , but german politicians more than others , still , do n't give a rat 's ass about the eu . 
  and austria , belgium and netherlands are n't the eu . 
  edit : i should know all too well , as a romanian , about how countries like germany and austria benefited from the exchanges we did for eu funds . 
  helpful to us . 
  on the short term , yes . 
  but a lot more profitable for them . 
  too soon yet to know if it was worth it for us in the long run .
