  good coordination between orbital systems can best be achieved from the moon . 
  yeah , the situation are totally comparable , bro , it 's totally the same thing . 
  looks a lot like bucharest . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's practical . 
  i think you must be kidding ... of course canada is multicultural , canada is a country founded by immigrants . 
  it is only natural what you said of germans to be true because they have a sense of unity throughout history going back 2000 years . 
  what you said is common sense and does n't hold up to much , really , of course it will be easier for me to be canadian than german - being none at this moment . 
  but , so ? 
  things are the way they are . 
  it really is . 
  wait until hilary becomes president . 
  in a decade it will become a study case for how democracy fails . 
  how other than this are you going to make people of various and often conflicting sets of values , beliefs , habits , wishes and ideas of how the society should look like work together ? 
  i mean , people of any group are like this , but it 's one thing for some guys to argue how democracy should better be implemented , it 's a whole other thing to throw in some other guys who kinda long for sharia law or think beer and pork suck etc. 
  some magyars i 've talked with who live in hungary , they were totally unlike the minority in our country . 
  i feel that , as usual , it is actually the poverty in the regions they inhabit that 's driving them to this extremism . 
  some of the magyar folks i 've mentioned could n't understand how to live in romania - being of magyar minority - and not teach your children romanian . 
  the cited reason was that hungarian not being an indoeuropean language , knowing romanian greatly eases the effort to learn other european languages . 
  you 're getting downvoted by someone across the board , do you have any idea why ? 
  just curious , lol edit : now i 'm downvoted . 
  i 'm not particularly well read on this matter , that is why i 'm asking . 
  look , you can not judge economic indicators in a vacuum . 
  that canadian guy knows his stuff but has no clue on the situation on hand . 
  this surplus is a good sign for romania . 
  only this time . 
  it 's actually the only sign that we 're on the right track . 
  this surplus is a good thing because it signifies a reversal of some sort , resource allocation and administration was incredibly inefficient and corrupt . 
  it is a very specific case , let me provide an analogy . 
  you have an indicator . 
  in the left it writes `` good spending , max resources in the right places '' , in the right it writes `` bad spending , max resources in the wrong places '' , in the middle it writes `` no spending '' . 
  what we are seeing is the pointer moving on the indicator from right to left , passing the no spending zone . 
  it is like this because reversal of corrupt spending takes this path to happen , naturally . 
  not even half of the deportees will be deported . 
  no they do n't . 
  you are misinformed . 
  some people go about it as what was coming for the rockers who go to nightclubs to worship satan on halloween ( cause that 's what halloween basically is , a day in which rock fans gather and worship satan ) . 
  good thing we are building a big ass expensive church , it will come in handy when some regulations prove to be faulty again and our underfinanced hospitals ca n't handle the casualties . 
  god bless your nation !, 
  you betcha . 
  i give germany a lot of shit on this subreddit - i have to , someone 's got ta break some echo chambers and stand up for our poor country - but i 'd love to live there . 
  you are crazy fucks , but i still admire you . 
  sadly ( for me ) , i ca n't speak german . 
  you missed the point of this thread , and also inadvertently reinforced the satire in my comment with that article . 
  so , another refugee wave incoming soon ? 
  edit : yeah , some of you ca n't take a joke :(, 
  i think you 've jumped from a poor reading of what i wrote to insulting my intelligence . 
  i 'm personally not gon na bother . 
  i suggest you read on the private prison system and how it 's built on systemic racism . 
  alternatively , if you listen to podcasts , go listen jre # 670 with that michael wood jr guy , an ex baltimore cop . 
  people got ta realize that immigrants in the eu and blacks in the us are n't equivalent . 
  blacks have been discriminated against by law until half a century ago , segregated , kept out of schools etc. 
  that 's institutionalized discrimination . 
  you ca n't accuse most of europe of the same level , at worst our immigrants ( who we have n't lived with for hundreds of years , unlike the americans ) had to combat solely social discrimination . 
  even communist romania was pretty bent on trying to integrate the gypsies . 
  we just want to be more european , so we started bashing ourselves, 
  stop eating that bullcrap . 
  americans ( rightfully ) point out all the time how a specific ethnicity/race , i.e the african-americans are discriminated by their justice system . 
  if you 're gon na say that romanians are discriminated in their own justice system , you got ta offer additional info for that sentence to make sense . 
  note , as to not misinform people with little knowledge on the subject : the gypsies in romania are not discriminated by the justice as the african-americans are in the usa because we do n't have a private prison system . 
  whether or not gypsies are discriminated in economic opportunities is debatable , what is certain is that they generally are n't well off financially , and crime correlates inversely with income . 
  so any particular form of social discrimination that translates into an lack of upwards mobility and turns the gypsies to crime - that is the discrimination in justice we are talking about - a fairly indirect one . 
  the rich gypsies , the mafia , the pushers , the richer pimps , the loan sharks - those are n't discriminated , at least not in the same sense , as they usually bribe their freedom . 
  as always , it 's just money that talks . 
  of course , that 's why i asked . 
  the way you phrased it , it seemed that you used to be under the impression that populism is a right thing . 
  why do germans always display such a misrepresentation of the right ? 
  so you 're basing your argument on us , eastern europeans , just being damn inferior , man . 
  you 've totally brushed the fact that russia is currently invading one of our neighbors and has not toned down its aggressive moves under the mat . 
  no , it 's us who 's loony and untrustworthy . 
  there was no prevalent fear of russia coming from us until ukraine happened . 
  but really , that argument that you made is not even worth attacking . 
  it 's pretty clear that you do n't care . 
  you 're justifying a deal between russia and germany who 'll fuck up poland & co. . well , we ca n't have a century go by without one of those , can we now ? 
  i 've written about this a thousand times in this thread , but you guys are tip toeing around it in brand new ways , i 'm impressed . 
  for a full reply , read my comment history in this thread . 
  for a short and unargumented one , as i 've already done the full thing : there is war on european soil . 
  russia tore apart our neighbouring country , russia , our historical boogey man . 
  and in a time of war , you are setting us on fire for the cheaper alternative . 
  you can justify your moral depravity however you wish , but you 're bypassing our leverage on russia , which is currently destroying our neighbour , for ** the cheaper alternative ** . 
  and in the same time as you 've belittled us and shamed us for not following you on other wishes calling us not in `` european solidarity '' . 
  what is it that transit countries add ? 
  security to the eastern block . 
  what ? 
  you never cared about that ? 
  fucking colored me surprised . 
  i wo n't further reply to you , anything you could say , i 've already written something relevant in this thread . 
  in short you 're trying to justify your evil and you 're trying to set yourselves up as victims hypocritically . 
  edit : and i just now saw that you 're finnish not german . 
  then you should know better . 
  when does germany ever do the same ? 
  `` it 's in our interest '' . 
  `` we fucked up '' . 
  `` the alternative would hurt us '' . 
  silly you ... 
  i 'm repeating myself , but what you chose to see is not on me . 
  google merger and acquisitions of romanian firms and assets prior to our eu ascension . 
  google our brain drain and the main destinations . 
  you 're not giving nearly enough . 
  if i have 2 dollars , and you have 100 , and we both give 1 dollar , i gave 50 % of all i have , you gave merely 1 % .
