  greece is fucked big time and merkel facilitated it . 
  germany should pay reparations to greece . 
  i was just quoting donald trump ... 
  do n't be naive . 
  you 'll just have the parliament making decisions that are very much against public desires . 
  * we need to build a wall !, 
  and it has to be built quickly !, 
  and i do n't mind having a big , beautiful door in the wall , so that people can come into this country legally !, 
  they are not relying on the authorities . 
  most are not syrian , almost all of them have n't come to germany to get away from danger , a vast majority of them are unruly young men . 
  they do not have the civic culture that germans have , they do not trust authorities , generally speaking , they have learnt to be cutthroat growing up where they did , and they go to germany because they follow everyone else who has already gone there . 
  i continuously make this parallel : this wave of immigration is akin to the cuban wave into florida in the 70s and 80s . 
  i always recommend people to watch the cocaine cowboys documentary and to see for themselves if there are any parallels to be drawn . 
  they do n't come to refugee camps because they are not refugees !, 
  they do n't want to stay in those camps . 
  it 's not why they go to germany , to be put into place by the authorities . 
  i do n't understand , it boggles my mind , why is it so hard for some of you guys to understand this ? 
  the press in poland is state controlled and unfree !, 
  is there any serious feminist buzz around this ? 
  i mean , are the feminist organization discussing this case ? 
  yes , but it does make me feel like the german ruling class attempted to subvert member states of the eu , otherwise i can not explain the recklessness . 
  i refuse to believe they are so dumb and carelessly facilitated the crossing and spreading of millions of people across a lot of european countries without their consent . 
  i ca n't imagine they have n't thought of outcomes like this one . 
  if i lived in the uk , i 'd vote to leave the eu . 
  i actually start to understand the where the brits are coming from with this one . 
  i 'll still give you the middle finger if you do , because , hey , a lot of english speaking , well educated romanians but also blue collar workers would benefit a lot from opportunities present in the uk ( and the benefit would mostly be mutual , regardless of what your politicians say ) , but i get it . 
  if we make it out to be a zero-sum game , then you just trade a group which is relatively civic , educated , employed , helpful for society and with a ( mostly ) great fashion sense for another group which is culturally incompatible , relatively less or even poorly educated and unemployable . 
  why do you think you need to pop a knee cap off in order to help anyone ? 
  you 're not condemning anyone by not being naively pro- `` refugee '' , but you 're condemning yourself and those like you to a life of shaming and danger ( after things just starting to get better for you guys ) , you 're condemning the immigrants to a life of disappointment and exclusion , and you 're condemning everyone else to civil unrest . 
  why ? 
  just so you can momentarily feel good about yourself ? 
  these people hate gays , think nothing of women , believe that their law and their way of doing things is the only legitimate way , and are cut-throat to an unimaginably degree too some , having lived or been born into constant ethnic and civic strife . 
  and all that 's fine , i do n't care . 
  but when you import them by the millions , there 's no need for them to challenge their views , to adapt . 
  what will it take for people to stop being suicidal with this `` crisis '' . 
  but i guess you do n't really understand , because you do n't really care , because you 're canadian , not living here in europe . 
  i fucken love our language . 
  such an interesting mix of vocabularies while still being as latin of a language as one can be , just exemplifies how we 're just a nation of ex-mountain dwelling shepherds who just wanted to be left to their own but could not . 
  i remember when i expressed this view in the summer , before the pendulum swung the other way on this subreddit , or as some people like to think , the right wing brigaded this subreddit and the moderates left . 
  my replies box was filled with `` you 're a dumb fuck and a psychopath '' sorta comments . 
  what the hell ? 
  well done , mate ... 
  what 's not to like ? 
  hahaha !, 
  this : they 're smart , work hard , are highly educated and integrate well , * while you do not * . 
  i 'll just copy-paste my reply to another easily offended poster who brought up the same ( irrelevant but popular and efficient ) point : `` great way to be popular , but also condescending and disingenuous . 
  you might as well read what i 've posted in that subreddit and see there 's actually nothing bad , unless , of course , your just using it as a tactic to discredit my opinion or you are easily triggered . 
  and also , personal attacks do n't counter-argue the points made by the one you attack . '', 
  great way to be popular , but also condescending and disingenuous . 
  you might as well read what i 've posted in that subreddit and see there 's actually nothing bad , unless , of course , your just using it as a tactic to discredit my opinion or you are easily triggered . 
  and also , personal attacks do n't counter-argue the points made by the one you attack . 
  it makes sense if you understand that i was n't accusing her of being a bad feminist , or a feminist , but was criticizing the lack of strong rhetoric towards criminal offenses of immigrants , whilst ridiculous man-hating for white males is plentiful . 
  you either have a political problem with what i said or you do n't have a good reading comprehension . 
  in any case , criticizing the leap of logic from point a to point b to point c does n't make any of those points to be false , just unrelated , that if the critique is right , in any case . 
  for my explanation on this particular criticism , click [ here . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/46jj22/teacher_ignored_teenage_girls_cries_for_help_as/d05rgrr ) if you feel the need to reply , i 'd like it to happen on that post . 
  i wo n't repeat myself in another post , but [ here you go . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/46jj22/teacher_ignored_teenage_girls_cries_for_help_as/d05rgrr ), 
  because , unfortunately for her , this story is emblematic of a much broader trend . 
  if you live in the west and are a women , you 've reaped the benefits of ingrained feminist values all your life , if you 've been born into the second half of the last century or in this one . 
  self-identification with the ideology is a moot point when you 've quietly accepted its benefits as a default of society all your life . 
  now you put that in context with the recent developments of feminism , and with the incredibly submissive stance figureheads took on disproportionate ( sexual ) crime rates of non-european ethnics , whilst in the last decade they 've been keen on blowing out of proportions anything remotely uncomfortable and easy to link with male behavior of european men as sexist , misogynistic etc. 
  these things need to be put like this in order to bring into attention their subtle but extremely broad and impactful effects . 
  i 'm not a backwards conservative , a misogynist , i want equal opportunities for all , but i do n't want cultural marxism , and especially do n't want it to be acceptable for me and others like me ( male and white ) to be the scapegoat for the frustration of anyone who is a female . 
  i want scientific censorship of issues which can be gender sensitive to stop . 
  i want ridiculous political correctness to stop . 
  scientifically explaining , rationally debating things to a public wo n't have a significant effect ( a thing well to known to feminists who do n't even try with sexually offensive immigrants ) , but swinging the pendulum in the other direction for people will . 
  thanks !, 
  what a weak woman that pathetic excuse of a teacher is . 
  i have this bone to pick with 3rd wave feminism and weak men ; #killallwhitemen , white-guilt and lets stop the patriarchy , all brave talk against western men who 've been culturally castrated , but as soon as the real deal , the * real * patriarchy hits in full colors , nobody says a thing . 
  weak ass feminist bullshit , where 's solidarity when you let a fucking minor be raped by 6 men and then blame the kid ? 
  this is fucking outrageous . 
  where are the tough feminists when you need them ? 
  doing slutwalks and videos claiming men should be ashamed for being the same gender as donald trump ? 
  the west could really use someone standing up for their women right now . 
  some people think i might digress , but there 's a problem with the weak-as-fuck progressive left driven by feminists in the west . 
  and what about the men ? 
  the second comment here is : `` i 'm not sticking my head out for anyone , i have a wife and 2 kids '' - well , nice mentality for someone to have , especially in the ( hopefully forever ) hypothetical situation in which * your * wife and/or kids are raped and the only one who could 've helped thinks `` well , i got a wife and 2 kids '' . 
  weak . 
  in all fairness ... you guys , at least here , on reddit , argued and mocked those who warned of events like these happening . . 
  empty words ... 
  you are contradicting yourself . 
  in the end , it does n't matter , islamic rhetoric is what drives antisemitism in uk universities . 
  why are you being disingenuous ? 
  do you want to be linked literally hundreds of videos on youtube with islamic students and edgy left-winger students supporting them speaking hatefully of jews and israel ? 
  because if you do , i swear for every spare hour i have that i do n't sleep i 'll give you a link until the month ends . 
  it has everything to do with the strong islamic rhetoric of anti-semitism and with the need of a generation to fit in , in such a time in which strong temptations of commodity stifle personal progress and powerlessness towards the establishment leaves most with nothing else but passionately held attention-grabbing ideas to feel like they matter . 
  i was not talking about you specifically . 
  i assumed nothing about you . 
  and it was n't a rant . 
  but your reply was in the vein of my comment . 
  after all , the pendulum has swung on this subreddit . 
  i think i finally figured it out with you , germans . 
  it 's not the fear of being remembered the nightmare that were the nazis , not only that . 
  it 's very hard for someone who has never lived a bit in germany to understand , but i think i understand , now . 
  i think it 's more about not likening yourself to the dumb druggies , hooligans , skinheads , people holding certain ideas but actually being more similar to each other through their way of acting , what we in romania would call `` peasants '' : uneducated , crass etc. 
  germans who stay on reddit are n't such fierce defenders of immigrants because you are ashamed for the nazi , but because in your country you associate a set of beliefs with a lower and less deserving social class ( and anti-immigration is one of those beliefs ) . 
  it 's not about shame , it is hardwired in you to be like this by how your society looks : only the poor and the uneducated have generally had anti-immigration beliefs in your country , and germans on reddit , using the internet and wanting to be of a higher education , naturally do n't support those beliefs . 
  in the end , it is not kindness from the heart which motivates this , it 's hardwired social relative standing ... 
  the fear of being seen as an uneducated peasant .
