  to me it seems obvious that he wo n't be any better than le pen for the long term security and cooperation of the eu . 
  unless we 're 100 % committed to the eu , it wo n't survive as it did until now . 
  politicians looking out for domestic gains and private interests wo n't cut it anymore , no matter what they say on tv . 
  we need more honest politicians that are committed to the continent . 
  well people should learn the words or otherwise do n't expect to be taken seriously . 
  using such words wrongly diminishes what they mean and how grave they are . 
  so if it 's not racism , it 's still racism because the people that want it to be racism say it is racism . 
  i do n't want anything lol just said that if you want people to understand your arguments , express them a bit clearer , that 's all . 
  yeah , remember when the american democratic party did n't respect its own democratic process and conspired to eliminate one of its candidates in favor of the other ? 
  `` democracy '' in action , amirite ? 
  it 's not like people who have n't voted for le pen before and vote for her now suddenly turned into haters of democracy . 
  that 's just what happens when the concerns of many are met with insults , demagogy , hypocrisy and accusations of bigotry by those who `` know better '' . 
  you would wan na brush up how you express that argument . 
  i read your link , i felt like i understood what you 're getting at , but you really did n't get your point across at all . 
  this is meant as constructive criticism . 
  as it stands , i do n't see how you debunked it . 
  very interesting !, 
  source ? 
  depends on what you mean by alright ... 
  only that some threats came before some votes , and some votes did n't even pass . 
  it 's pointless talking to people like you . 
  you are the reason we have brexits and le pens , because issues ca n't be talk about with you . 
  so there 's only one option left . 
  well , germany also played a bigger role in how badly the crisis affected the eu , so of course people expected it to play a more prominent role in fixing the situation . 
  you do n't seem to want to differentiate between different types of involvement . 
  what / u/dvenom999 was describing is exactly how germany was perfectly content with not getting involved in fixing the economic crisis in a way that benefited the whole eu , but only maintain itself afloat , but in the refugee crisis its politicians were perfectly content with ordering eu members around to appeal to their own voters . 
  this is not even a discussion . 
  i 'm not bashing germans or germany , you just do n't expect a regional power to do the opposite of what it did unless you 're naive . 
  but let 's not be disingenuous . 
  the far right existed before the refugee crisis because some people had problems with free movement . 
  it would 've never had grown this big without the refugee crisis , however . 
  it 's not about being scared . 
  it 's about people just dying . 
  it 's seems more and more fucked up to say : `` ignore these attacks because they should n't scare us . '', 
  how about not ignore them because people die for literally nothing . 
  no point is made . 
  no sins are washed . 
  no battle is won , no territory is taken , nobody gets convinced of something they were n't convinced of already . 
  nothing . 
  just people dying for nothing at all , bam , just like that . 
  one second you 're buying tomatoes , the next you 're dead . 
  for literally no sensible gain for no one , not even for isis . 
  nothing happens because of these attacks . 
  just people dying for nothing . 
  if what you said is the intended reality as designed by isis , that would mean they are far smarter and more capable of strategic planning and implementation than is imaginable in the popular mind . 
  so you do n't go around saying that 100 % of economic immigrants are economic immigrants ? 
  lmao jokes aside , i get what you 're saying . 
  but do you think that i 'm a racist and said that 100 % of newcomers are economic immigrants ? 
  do n't you find your comment least bit ironic ? 
  yeah man , sovereign territories enforcing their borders , who the fuck ever heard that before ? 
  it 's not like people 've been doing that for thousands of years . 
  it 's not like the migrants are fished out of the sea and brought inside the territory , most of them not even coming in the continent via land , on their own . 
  it 's not like hungary virtually stopped a migration route by simply guarding a fence . 
  nope . 
  2015 's summer , i was routinely called a xenophobic for saying just that . 
  not only that has proven to be true , but also nothing has changed . 
  you bring some things up , you 're literally hitler , or hurr durr trump , more recently . 
  your motivations do n't matter , what you actually say and the big picture logics do n't matter . 
  same tired 2-3 arguments and insults thrown at you in the most smug way possible , `` look how stupid you are and how smart i am for effectively copy pasting '' . 
  it 's both sad and hilarious to watch , but mostly worrisome . 
  there 's really no point in trying to discuss , they do not want a discussion . 
  they just downvote and belittle dissent . 
  wow , you 're going all out lol !, 
  i hope it makes you feel better , at least . 
  3 weeks enjoy your easter and all that 'till then . 
  i never even said the polls are wrong , only that they are worrisome , and you are taking this opportunity of flaunting your smarts at the implicit stupidity of others with extreme glee . 
  you 're heavily invested in the subject matter , it seems so personal to you . 
  i never insulted anyone , just voiced my concern over a possible le pen presidency . 
  look , you 're not smart , you 're not making any argument that has n't been made before hundreds of times on this subreddit , to make such a thing out of the differentiation between causation and correlation is just so typical of an internet drone . 
  what was it , r/im14andthisisdeep ? 
  there 's legitimate reasons for why the polls might be wrong , and why they are certainly a cause for worry , but you are not interested in hearing them . 
  if you are , you 're free to apologize and inquire , i will provide you reading material to make your own mind . 
  i always forget what a herd this subreddit is . 
  oh man , that 's a long post to trace back on once it will be proven again that the polls have been wrong , after trump and brexit . 
  and i do n't want that , let me be clear , i 'm a federalist myself , but at one point you got ta see the trend and understand what 's going on . 
  if you refuse to do so , it wo n't make it stop , it will only hit you harder . 
  no boss , and let me tell you why . 
  in the us presidential elections are n't won by popular vote , so what you linked is useless . 
  it 's also one source , there are multiple different ones who 'd polled hillary winning even more of the popular vote . 
  apart from that , the polls that showed the electoral college wins , as even the source that you link shows when you press the arrow keys and the site takes you to state-breakdown , gave trump no chance of winning . 
  in the us the presidency game is a different one , hence different metrics count . 
  by the metrics that count , the polls were showing trump clearly loosing . 
  when i asked for sources , i asked for electoral votes , not popular votes . 
  so no , you ca n't insult my intelligence * yet * . 
  find me the polls putting trump at -3 % , and then you 're free to go about insulting my intelligence . 
  go ahead , make my day . 
  interesting to note just how aggressive and quick to insult you guys are . 
  seems like the ideologue stick is shattering in your collective ass . 
  i 'm waiting for those polls . 
  i would worry even if the polls would show her not making the first round . 
  you might hate him , but you have to learn something from trump 's election if you even have the smallest goddamn intention of *** pretending *** to be a good citizen , let alone * being * one . 
  everyone with an interest in defending the status-quo is out against her , whether they admit it or not . 
  the fact that she 's so close in the polls worries me tremendously . 
  trump had no chance in the polls , 0 . 
  all the polls literally gave hillary 95 % chance of winning in the election morning . 
  which of the other candidates is openly admitting the problems caused by immigration , poor cultural integration , muslim extremism and future societal uncertainty besides le pen ? 
  btw , i do n't appreciate you calling me a `` trumpet '' , that 's called a well poisoning = trying to discredit me without actually engaging . 
  i 'm mostly offended because it 's not true . 
  that is a very low tactic , indicative of ideological passion but little intellectual consideration , you would n't need to start with effectively calling me a `` white supremacist '' if you had any intellectual grounds to stand on the matter . 
  so fuck you for making me defend myself like this .
