  they were either forcefully integrated into the labor market , or left to their own and kicked around from place to place . 
  there are even a lot of romanians who do n't understand this , but ... 
  example : the neighbourhood in which i was born in a provincial town was built on a land on which gypsies lived . 
  ceausescu 's militia and construction people came , evacuted them , promised them apartments in place of their tents which filled the area , and when the neighbourhood was done , some opted to stay in the apartments , many chose to continue living as they did until then . 
  i know it 's very hard for western people to wrap their heads around gypsy culture , that 's why i 'm giving these anecdotes . 
  in romania you have 30 something degrees on average in the summer and -5 or so degrees in the winter and we still complain , so grass is definitely always greener on the other side . 
  that 's not what i said , so it 's not my logic that 's faulty , it 's yours if it went to that conclusion . 
  edit : you edited the post adding a whole other paragraph . 
  to reply to it , you got your idea of what secret services do from movies and pop conspiracies . 
  first of all , chill . 
  secondly , they do a lot , things whose absence you would feel a lot ... and most of them things i would n't want to put out here on reddit . 
  and i would n't have to explain anything anyway , it 's not a given that the sri is bad , cause you have n't explained why would that be . 
  and opportunity cost is not a good argument ... 10 more billion euros the last decade given on infrastructure , like the problem with our lack of building infrastructure has to do with the size of the investment , not how badly they were administered . 
  for all common logic , it 's a better thing 10 billion more did n't go to infrastructure to be utterly wasted and squandered and stolen . 
  there 's no burden of proof on me to do , the logic of your request does not flow from this discussion . 
  there 's a very low probability on what you said to be true , i do n't have to make any assumption about what 12.000 people do cuz it 's irrelevant . 
  it 's a new thing , and i 'm already tired of this : compliance with the www.reddit.com tenet that all intelligence services are bad by romanians . 
  our secret service is actually a very efficient service , and you better pray it does n't shrink . 
   p.s. 
  and for the last time people , jet fuel does melt steel beams !, 
  eeehh ... 
  whether it is correct or not is ** irrelevant ** . 
  it is misleading , and the blanket `` us has n't closed the prison at guantanamo '' needs to be nuanced , otherwise you get a totally different picture . 
  sometimes i just wish people would stop with the semantic bullshit . 
  especially when it 's reductionist , as the devil 's in the details . 
  it is another religion . 
  god i 'm happy other people are starting to get it . 
  of course genetically we are very close . 
  even asians and africans are genetically very close , hence the popular `` there 's no genetic basis to race '' argument . 
  it 's not that we do n't speak the same language - that 's the effect of the true , big difference : very distinct people with very different origins ( as is the case between hungary and almost all other european people ) . 
  right . 
  it 's not ok to imply anything bad about muslim culture , but to imply that all eastern europeans are by default bigots is ok . gee , do you people not see how dumb you are ? 
  your illusory moral high ground has nothing to do with empathy and truth . 
  no , he 's a muslim ... or an ethnic minority/2nd generation immigrant . 
  you have no idea about what the `` roma '' people do and who they are . 
  come stay in bucharest for a couple of days , walk the town for a couple of hours a day . 
  you 'll see that the vast majority of roma speak romani , for example . 
  you 're citing textbook information and drawing conclusions about the evolution of a people you never saw in their territory , in their full habits . 
  even during communism , there were many roma who were migratory . 
  my older relatives who grew up at the country side have all sorts of stories about gypsies moving from place to place to make and sell pots , horseshoes etc. 
  to different villages , setting up camp for a while and then moving out again . 
  the roma are different on every level , from skin deep going way down into their culture and outlook on life . 
  in the 20th century , they were all pretty much living in camps and tents and claimed their own small pieces of lands until ceausescu started tearing down their settlements on town outskirts to expand the cities and build apartment blocks instead throughout the 70s . 
  you have absolutely no clue what you are talking about . 
  ask your beloved sebastian stan if his parents did that when they immigrated to the us , lol, 
  it never occurred to you until now ? 
  lol, 
  boss . 
  no doubt about it . 
  edit : pronounced like the pink guy from youtube does it . 
  damn it , we ca n't be first even at being drunk ... 
  we 're finally out of the grasp of western oppressors ... 
  wait ... 
  maybe we 'll have the pleasure of meeting someday , you 'll be proven wrong  i 'll keep harassing you here , meamwhile, 
  i am very humorous !, 
  how dare you ? 
  why did you take offense ? 
  [ deleted ], 
  no we do n't . 
  police do n't do bribe shakedowns here , with the only possible exceptions maybe in very poor areas or areas with high crime occurrences . 
  i 'm getting a bit tired of it . 
  not in the political sense , not in any way like that . 
  but in my soul . 
  pictures of largely innocent people just dead for nothing at all . 
  i 'm not angry , i 'm not revolted , it 's not in my brain . 
  i can feel it in my * soul * . 
  i 'm sad . 
  or perhaps their meaning is lost on you ... 
  with alpha brain , completed with a gorilla coffee in the morning and onnit after the workout . 
  do you even brosuplements bro ? 
  you ca n't say that `` nowadays '' it is n't much better , as an equivalent to `` without communism , it would n't have been better '' , that 's a crass logical fallacy . 
  it is n't better , not even now , because of communism . 
  our whole future has been rewritten by those dark decades . 
  the political class and culture that we have is descendant of the communist ones . 
  what ? 
  of course it does , it just does not mean what you think it means because it does not apply only the way you think/see it applied . 
  what better way to convey going super sayan/alex jones ? 
  we do understand that some socialist policies are beneficial . 
  what you ( not you necessarily , but you know what i mean ) is that communism never works , it can never ever be a solution . 
  and most things that come with it , like political correctness are an extremely dangerous proposition . 
  this is what communism means . 
  people claiming that they 're just exaggerations are just letting their pride take over . 
  they 're not , they 're exactly how i remember it . 
  wrong !, 
  we lived through the tougher times so that we can appreciate the progress . 
  so that we know how far we came . 
  so that we do n't go back . 
  so that we do n't become complacent pussies . 
  so that we can be the sane among the complacent insane . 
  no turning back . 
  remember the 90s . 
  fuck communism , fuck poverty , fuck maliciousness , fuck corruption , fuck ignorance . 
  i 'm going forward on a nuclear rocket and i use those memories as fuel !, 
  it is , mostly . 
  i 'm not defending them , i 'm not calling people racist for pointing out the obvious : the roma are crime-prone and it may have nothing to do with `` the white man '' , it certainly has nothing to do with me and a lot of people i know . 
  i 'm not saying to tolerate their bullshit , i 'm saying that they can be valuable citizens , but for that you need to understand where they 're coming from . 
  i think he said antiziganism , not antagonize . 
  woah woah woah . 
  easy there fella . 
  i 'm not politically correct by any means when it comes to the roma either .
