  it 's unfair to most of the world , but it 's cool . 
  wait , tax havens ? 
  that 's so ... you guys !, 
  that 's just not fair for us americans !, 
  hypocrisy as in you do n't really have the moral or political or any grounds to be bitchin about american companies not even paying their due taxes in the country they chose to pay them in . 
  look , bottom line is you guys got financial , business , economic , trade deals beneficial to mostly you almost everywhere on the globe . 
  almost every way is your way . 
  in every deal , the usa wins the most . 
  now do n't be bitchin on european tax havens . 
  it 's intensely hypocritical . 
  and from my understanding , no one slapped apple with a retroactive tax bill , they just realized that apple schemed its way out of paying the taxes they agreed upon . 
  well , admittedly , the left and the right are ... muddled . 
  there 's a slew of papers and articles written by reputable academicians explaining how the left evolved to support traditional right stances and vice-versa . 
  in our current understanding of the spectrum , merkel is a leftist ... well , not really . 
  but her stance on immigrants make the anti-immigration folk put her on the left , same way as the progressive leftists put the anti-immigration folk under the far right - and it would be disingenuous to claim that some anti-immigration are n't far right , but in truth , all these classifications are demonizing and miss-portrayal . 
  the truth is merkel does n't give a crap about left and right , she 'll bend her knee to corporate interest whilst pointing for the public in whichever direction the wind blows . 
  at least that 's how i view her . 
  https://www.wikiwand.com/en/romani_people most romani are american , apparently . 
  gypsies in america are ... not the same thing . 
  there 's always this misunderstanding . 
  there 's a significant rroma population in the u.s , but most are nothing like the gypsies in europe . 
  they diverged a lot in culture and habits because eastern europe and the americas have been very different places in the last 200 years , with different socioeconomic developments , cultures etc. 
  i 'm not making a blanket statement that they are better , just that they are definitely different . 
  culturally , pretty much . 
  linguistically , not really . 
  refugees ( if proven to be so ) are refugees from the standpoint of the cause for their relocation . 
  in the country in which they settle , for all intents and purposes , they are otherwise indistinguishable from any other immigrants as a socioeconomic group . 
  this is not to devalue their case , but when analyzing immigrant impact on the receiving society , they should n't be pulled out of the equation . 
  you do n't have to prove any future thing for any one individual , you just have to look at what we know happens and has happened already and form your policy around that . 
  you do n't act on the individual based on statistics , you form policies based on them and how the individuals are acted upon is a matter of policy not a case-by-case . 
  empirically poor integration when a significant number of them settle and form their own communities . 
  the unavoidable suspicions between natives and foreign born - people have a problem coming to terms with the fact that we 're apes with a bit more intelligence , average human iq is 90 , average chimp iq is purportedly 40 , we still have tribalism in our psyche . 
  importing ethnic and religious tensions between migrant groups . 
  irreconcilable cultural differences . 
  effects on welfare . 
  possible unbalanced gender ratio of foreign-born . 
  effects on wages in certain industries . 
  effects on unemployment and crime in certain regions . 
  identity crisis . 
  political opportunism - across the political spectrum , no one is innocent of this , not the left , certainly not the right . 
  off the top of my head . 
  but refusing them for their disruptive effects on the society ? 
  quick edit : i 'm not making a judgement , just asking a ( i think ) relevant question . 
  this is definitely discrimination , but ... 
  the polarization of people following what happened in the last two years was sadly ... foreseeable ... 
  you got downvoted for probably the most sensible , simple and logical comment in the thread . 
  wow ... you seriously called someone over the internet `` kid '' ? 
  in the worst case scenario , i 'm as dumb as you are immature . 
  which would make me really dumb . 
  very mature of you . 
  how so ? 
  so you 're all for banning the hijab , then . 
  good . 
  you do n't root out the regressives solely by banning clothes . 
  that was not what i meant . 
  and i think you know it too . 
  no , do you ? 
  do you know that she is n't forced by her husband ? 
  is it not ok for a society which tries to be gender equal to try to do something about this phenomena ? 
  i 'm on my way to syrian barber i usually go to . 
  i 'm usually one of the only romanians there . 
  how convenient it is for you to just think other people are dumber . 
  false equivalency . 
  there are 500 things for me to eat . 
  i 'm not allowed to eat one of them . 
  so i can eat 499 things !, 
  not that bad . 
  there are 500 types of clothes . 
  i can only wear 3 ... um ... not the same thing . 
  the link you gave : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37168192 www bbc com ... wow ... you people ... 
  and it has n't been everywhere else the same for millennia ? 
  has n't it gotten better in the last 50 in europe than most of the world ? 
  definitely most of the non-western world ? 
  and anyway what 's your point ? 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  what 's the point ? 
  that we should hate ourselves really bad before we dare be critical about anyone else ? 
  because this is all you 're coming off as . 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  it 's like everybody is an anarchist now and we 've forgotten that we 've got laws that are much more limiting to personal freedom for the sake of the societies we live in . 
  it 's all kneejerk feelz opinions . 
  `` ban clothes '' does indeed sound so bad . 
  but lets get fucking beyond that . 
  lets go beyond fucking kindergarten morality . 
  it 's incredible . 
  yes you will . 
  if they 're willing to keep the women home they have no place in that country . 
  that country does not need people like that . 
  root out the regressives . 
  you ca n't give in , you ca n't be inert . 
  so yes , i 'm for the ban . 
  i would n't let what my country stands for be subverted by the fear of some nutties doing what they do : refusing to integrate . 
  how fucking pathetic is that . 
  i am not defending women 's oppression . 
  i am defending the ban for the symbol of their oppression and cleansing of those who want to keep it . 
  you are defending women 's oppression . 
  you defend the hijab and we all know you are very thankful for not being born a woman in that religion . 
  you are consciously defending those women 's oppression just because you like the high morality horse you stand on . 
  that 's such horseshit . 
  *** thought experiment *** : it 's year 2014 .
