  uk drones had nothing to do with this , especially since you most certainly have no clue about just how much the uk has used drones , where and to what effect . 
  uk drone usage is relatively minimal , most certainly not enough to drive someone towards crossing a continent , 2 seas , learn how to make a bomb , choose such a perfect occasion ( thus wait and wait ) etc. 
  most of these attackers are born in the west . 
  it has nothing to do with alleged uk drones ( what a stupid freaking meme that is , and you know it , that 's why you tried to conflate the us with the uk ) . 
  it has everything to do with radicalization . 
  an imam has already taken credit for the attack and for radicalizing the attacker . 
  you are a shameless apologist and you either do n't know or.pretend to not know what you are talking about . 
   terrorist kills 22 in a single attack but heh you guys remember er ... breivik , right ? 
  heh , totally makes up for every one of these , right ? 
  1 ) sources . 
  2 ) there 's no need . 
  number 1 was a trick question . 
  numbers of terrorism victims are still incomparably small with france , let 's say . 
  germany had more victims in a couple of incidents last year than all your cited incidents in japan . 
   b. . . but ... what about my whataboutism ???? 
  keep talking , the more you do the more you discredit yourself . 
   what do you expect when you murder someone 's family when 's the last time i murdered someone 's family ? 
  never . 
  i reckon none of the victims ever did too . 
  justifying this abhorrent behaviour by misplacing guilt is so fucking disingenuous . 
  go talk to the parents of the dead kids , tell them  what do you expect when you murder someone 's family ? 
  see if you even have the guts to utter that nonsense , let alone look them in the eye . 
  i doubt this terrorist had his family murdered by the evil whites . 
  as it turns out , most of these attackers are 2nd/3rd generation immigrants , radicalized citizens . 
  keep trying to pin everything on the evil whites , see where that will get you . 
  feigning collective guilt to justify group punishment . 
  you are nothing short of horrible . 
  shame on you , from the bottom of my heart . 
  no , you missed my point . 
  and i 've figured you 're relatively new on this sub , because we 've been talking about this issue for two years already here and the discussion has moved way past your point . 
  i 'll candidly tell you again to read my reply again because you just missed it , and also lurk a bit more . 
  that 's not currently the case . 
  all of these people coming into europe since the 2015 crisis are technically illegal , even with the dubious take of the dublin agreement that germany forced on the eu . 
  there 's no point to make that distinction . 
  they are all illegals . 
  they can be illegals and also refugees or economic opportunists . 
  since most are n't refugees , people just refer to them as economic migrants , with the implicit understanding that they are illegal and that they also have no potential legal basis for entering/staying as asylum seekers . 
  you either do n't know what you 're talking about , or you 're really , really dishonest . 
  alternatively , i might have hit a nerve , which is why i welcome the downvotes . 
  you can be kind to a group without being an asshole to the other . 
  i 'm actually pro gay marriage and was just making a joke . 
  but please , expose your keen intelligence further . 
  i ca n't wait for people who disagree with me to die too !, 
  wait ... 
  the only issues with those stats is that a lot will carry falsified passports . 
  the mess is n't just `` a mess '' , it 's a particular mess . 
  of course western interventionism in drawing the borders are most responsible for the particular mess we are seeing now . 
  but the historical , sociological , scientific , purely logical evidence points that it 's unlikely that today 's situation would 've been less of a mess without said intervention , it would just be a different particular mess . 
  because the whole region was a mess , and the death of the ottomans meant throwing it all in complete destructive chaos . 
  i 'm running out of ways of explaining this lol the region was set to be doomed because of the monstrous geopolitical events leading up to , throughout and in the decades after ww1 . 
  the manner of the dooming was the only variable . 
  that does n't excuse the west . 
  but it does cut short the narrative that the region is a victim of the west . 
  its own religious , ethnic , monarchic etc. 
  issues were the culprit . 
  a lot of the west ( almost exclusively england and france to be more specific ) did what they thought was necessary to keep peace in the region and to balance out their influences to keep peace between themselves . 
  i said there 's no evidence the situation would 've been better otherwise . 
  huge difference . 
  i did not say the artificial borders did not worsen the situation . 
  let 's kill that straw man right away . 
  secondly , to pin the drawing of the borders exclusively on the western powers of the time reveals significant voids in ones understanding and knowledge of ww1 arab history . 
  your fundamental presupposition is that the west drew the borders and that 's the cause for what 's happening now . 
  yes , the west did draw the borders , yes , that did bring problems , most certainly . 
  but the drawing itself was something many of the arabs of the time wanted themselves and asked for west to enact it . 
  the different revolutionary movements against the ottomans and the ethnic and religious strifes that made drawing borders seem like a necessity at the time , after the complete destruction of the ottoman empire , which was supposed to take care of that area , those were the faults of said ottoman empire . 
  that 's why i said that there 's absolutely no clear indication that things would be better now in absence of past western interventions ( talking exclusively about ww1 period here , and not about anything post ww2 , when things are indeed different ) . 
  the fall of the ottomans left a terrible void , and everyone just did what they could to stabilize a very problematic region . 
  there 's a good chance that things would 've been worse now if not for those efforts to stabilize on the west 's part . 
  there 's plenty of podcasts and books on this , this is really not a debate , unless you 're blinded by political bias beyond saving . 
  you 're insinuating that i 'm making a specifically paki problem into an arab one ? 
  if yes , boy , could you be more dishonest ? 
  i offered a damn wikipedia link to source what i 'm talking about . 
  read it yourself , it clearly lays out everything . 
  i 've only mentioned the pakistani issue as an example . 
   also , your elimination of colonialism as an enduring factor in the problems of the middle east and africa call your motives into question . 
  you ca n't actually draw the line there , i 'm sorry . 
  that 's equally revealing of your motives too . 
  colonialism is indefensible , it 's bad , it 's horrible . 
  that being said there 's no historical or scientific evidence that in absence of western interventions in the middle east , the region would be doing measurably better now . 
  that 's speculation . 
  there 's still a debate to be had here . 
  the ottoman empire is probably more responsabile for the current state of the region . 
  again , this is not a defense of colonialism , which is horrible and fuck it , but do n't do what you 're accusing the other poster of doing . 
  do n't bring questionable information as fact . 
  according to sharia , if a girl wishes to marry outside family , she must first of all get permission from the male paternal cousins and give them whatever they want . 
  man can marry whomever they want , but women are by default taken as property of the closest single male cousin . 
  fathers , for example , who break this rule are subject to execution by family/extended family , as well as all those involved in the breaking of the rule . 
  arab inbreeding is a widely available fact . 
  [ you can read about it on wikipedia . 
  ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/cousin_marriage_in_the_middle_east ) it apparently is a serious issue in britain regarding pakistanis and related health care costs . 
  i dunno about the other things , though . 
  you can imagine how hot this topic is , nobody really touches it and everyone tries to be polite about it in the medical community . 
  ... and earth spins around the sun . 
  your turn to say something obvious . 
  how will i stop the tears now ? 
  missed the point ... 
  no they 're not . 
  unless you 're prepared to construct an argument that mental illnesses ( which by definition are long lasting themselves , with long lasting repercussions ) can be socially pandemic , you ca n't say eating disorders are mental illness and that how society views body images are prime causes for eating disorders . 
  good luck making that argument , if you succeed you 'll literally win a nobel prize . 
  ( you wo n't succeed ) .
