  it 's not up to you or to anyone to decide what i do with my money , as long as it 's earned in the confines of the law . 
  what sort of problems do you want the dane to cry about ? 
  third-world problems ? 
  he does n't have those . 
  the marvels of a running economy and social progress !, 
  towards which you seem strangely hostile . 
  maybe show a little gratitude instead of being so resentful towards others for what you lack by your own merit . 
  god ... 
  well , the acronym kinda describes their logical process pretty well ... 
  i can only remember a couple of such incidents in europe * and the important distinction is that * *** those in europe are not defended by mainstream media , they are n't seen as pillars of a righteous ideology , and they are not shielded by the authorities *** . 
  if they clash with anybody , it 's with the authorities . 
  let 's not forget [ berkley students covering their faces and putting women into hospital for coming at a conservative speech/rally ] ( https://youtu.be/md7acblq0pu ) . 
  or about [ this distinguished *** ethics professor *** ] ( http://theredelephants.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/eric_michael_clanton_berkeley_attack.jpg ) who has been unmasked by 4chan and facing years in prison for attempted murder . 
  [ cracked the dude 's head open ] ( https://youtu.be/9qkcl9nl1cg ) . 
  last thing we need is these antifa types rising social tensions and coalescing in the mind of the average person with other groups currently being a source of tension . 
  oh , look everyone . 
  it 's the `` i feel like a loser because others seem to do better on fb than i do , and i 'm gon na project that feeling of inadequacy unto society and claim it 's your fault , and claim that i 'm oppressed by everything that moves '' people leaking into france !, 
  the post 89 generations will have some of the longest working lives in the nation 's history to compensate for the travesty of mass retirement after the regime 's fall . 
  the people typically inclined to resist appeasement on subjects such as these wo n't take `` well , be creative '' as a solution . 
  it does n't matter if you think it 's stupid . 
  do you wan na solve the problem or are you content with feeling smart ? 
  ok , what should we do ? 
  that that 's not very helpful from a policy-making perspective . 
  cutting gas emissions through international agreements is bound to be problematic because it affects nations in various states of development differently . 
  there 's many things we do n't know on a practical level regarding climate warming . 
  and until you iron out these things , calling people stupid because they pull the logically viable skeptic position ( no matter how hard masturbatory enviro virtue-signalling baboons try to deny it ) wo n't convince anyone . 
  but people have convinced me today that , as with everything , it 's not about making good , it 's about feeling good about yourself because * you 're right * . 
  no , i completely agree with everything you said . 
  what i tried to say before all the tribal monkeys with poor reading comprehension ( i 'm sorry but the massively stupid replies and kneejerk downvotes ca n't allow me to be any nicer ) is that *** we are n't exactly sure what to do about the greenhouse emissions , where is it economically viable , what combination of economic , industrial , technological factors need to be combine into what policies that would be most efficient *** . 
  we have no practical precedent , only theoretical models and solutions , apart from changing the electrical energy production infrastructure , which just might not be economically viable in some places that are catching up industrially . 
  meaning , you ca n't push the `` hurr if u dun agre u stoopid '' narrative on well-reasoned skeptics because it will get you nowhere , you can not feign scientific certainty because there is none , there 's nothing in the scientific consensus that can be translatable into the actual , physical world that 100 % blows deniers out - they know it , and people saying it is n't like that are just arming them . 
  instead , as i said , being honest about stuff and working on the arguments and manner of presenting them is better than turning people into divided camps with the fuckin `` durr stoopeed '' . 
  for the record , look at the replies that i got . 
  i obviously have a point . 
  records have n't been kept for hundreds of years , that 's completely hilarious . 
  we have projections . 
  and the history co2 emissions and their impact are vastly more complicated than the ridiculously simplified version you put forth . 
  i understand you mean well , and i support your good intentions , but you really do n't know that much about this subject and you 're just having a strong opinion because you believe you picked the `` right side '' . 
  congratulations , it so happens that you did . 
  but please inform yourself before being a tribal monkey . 
  it 's not the consensus part , it 's the consensus on what that was important in my comment . 
  that was the whole point of the comment in the first place , that there is a consensus that humans have a hand in climate warming , we do n't have a consensus over what the hand is and what should be done about it . 
  i 'm just repeating myself hoping that this time you 'll try reading it ... 
  this is not even worth copy-pasting to ... 
  it 's not the consensus part , it 's the consensus on what that was important in my comment . 
  that was the whole point of the comment in the first place , that there is a consensus that humans have a hand in climate warming , we do n't have a consensus over what the hand is and what should be done about it . 
  i 'm just repeating myself hoping that this time you 'll try reading it ... 
  it 's not the consensus part , it 's the consensus on what that was important in my comment . 
  that was the whole point of the comment in the first place , that there is a consensus that humans have a hand in climate warming , we do n't have a consensus over what the hand is and what should be done about it . 
  i 'm just repeating myself hoping that this time you 'll try reading it ... 
  it 's not the consensus part , it 's the consensus on what that was important in my comment . 
  that was the whole point of the comment in the first place , that there is a consensus that humans have a hand in climate warming , we do n't have a consensus over what the hand is and what should be done about it . 
  i 'm just repeating myself hoping that this time you 'll try reading it ... 
  i 'm an advocate for climate-change counteraction . 
  i 'm not an environmentalist , i just love nature and it 's beauty . 
  that being said , there 's no scientific consensus on the impact of human activity on climate warming . 
  we do n't know exactly what we 're doing , we do n't have any realistic idea on our climate impact and we do n't know what we should be doing . 
  there 's no need to be disingenuous about it and make quotes read like something they 're actually not . 
  that only leaves our arguments open for attacks . 
  edit : fine , you people ca n't read and are tribal chimps over it . 
  keep masturbating on how environmentally savvy you are and how stupid everyone who disagrees with you is , also keep wondering why people like trump are in power because you do n't seem to see the connection . 
  you 've written replies either refusing to read my comment properly or implying i said things i did n't say ( of course , could there be a discussion without straw men ? 
  you think not ) . 
  not only are they bullshitting , the guy quoted in the article even tries to portray interventions in afghanistan and iraq as justifications for these attacks . 
  this is such a stupid meme . 
  and this is where they always win , guilting the gullible , well meaning , average european that has n't ordered any drone , has n't attacked anyone , and that always blames himself anyway and tries to be tolerant and open . 
  this is such a fucking disingenuous argument i wan na pull my own eyes out . 
  the kids that died tweeted about how trump 's an asshole months before . 
  they were n't western perpetrators of intervention , they were completely the opposite . 
  the problem is all the hypocrisies and lies that these people use to paint themselves as victims . 
  until those are extinguished , we can not begin to tackle the radicalization problem . 
  `` muh westrn intervenshun !! '', 
  is a stupid meme and it should die . 
  there 's been no non-arab/muslim region that has been as tolerant and as generous to muslims over the years as western europe . 
  muslims are n't that generous between themselves . 
  the average european is n't eternally guilty for the actions of the elite , which do n't happen in a vacuum . 
  `` muh intervention in libya '' - sure , but it 's not like gadafi did n't start that mess by killing civilians . 
  `` but muh irak !! '', 
  - sure ... 9/11 . 
  the iran-iraq war , the complex cold war politics . 
  these are all complicated situations , very messy , they do n't happen in a vacuum , and they do n't start unprovoked , they are not as simple as `` hurr durr white people = evil '' , not by a looooooooong shot . 
  at most , interventions are done by opportunistic elites within a game played by the wealthiest and most powerful people on the globe , moving incredibly vast sums of money and influence . 
  no 14 yo killed a couple of days ago is to be held accountable for any of that . 
  the imams need to cut the bullshit . 
  pray to allah , fast for ramadan , be grateful for living in germany where the state gives you welfare , jobs are plenty and you 're free to practice and be almost anything you like . 
  no , no fucking `` we should debate about intervention in afghanistan '' , you fuckers were n't born there and your parents left with a reason . 
  millions flock to western europe from all over the middle east with a reason . 
  i do n't know about sources on the internet . 
  well , his money has been found tied in some manifestations here . 
  i was honestly shocked , i thought it 's just psd propaganda , but no . 
  then i certainly started understanding why some of the liberal eu-leaning in my country took to defend him . 
  but i ultimately found myself being suspicious of it all after talking to some people , whereas before i was neutral having thought it 's just a stupid meme . 
  phew , glad to have you , political correctness police officer , to state the obvious and kill the fun . 
  cause he needs to portray those who identify islam as the problem as vile , he has no other legitimate avenue for being an apologist . 
  that 's not true , unless you use change the definition of clinical mental issues . 
  most are not insane . 
  they have pathologized their existence . 
  that 's not true . 
  none of anything you wrote is . 
  it 's no moral justification , it 's not even a causal explanation .
