  i just find it incredibly amusing that you deemed fit to portray the greek crisis as an example of how germany looks out for member states . 
  i will firstly remind you that the eu is not solely the convenient pairing between germany and one or more of the following countries : france , belgium , netherlands , uk , austria . 
  with that in mind , i 'm saying it specifically because i look beyond the last few problematic incidents . 
  what ... ? 
  read your two replies to me , i 'm honestly not gon na waste time trying to talk with you . 
  all i 'm saying is that you 're too transparent . 
  take the remark as advice or leave it , your choice . 
  germany has never put european interests over national interests , and has rarely put national interests over domestic corporate interests . 
  let 's not kid ourselves . 
  the only ways left for the afd to hurt europe would also hurt germany at least equally . 
  you are clearly pushing an agenda , i do n't get why you 're being such a shill ... 
  i have a piece of advice for you : be less transparent and direct about it . 
  otherwise you 'll get shredded by other people catching on . 
  you 're posting frequency gives you away in an instant . 
  you 're also using talking points that by now have been discussed to death on this subreddit . 
  i admit , personally i find it extremely annoying . 
  and btw , not bending over for germany is not acting irrationally . 
  i rarely get to read such wishful thinking as this . 
  it was just a joke , he 's playing the french dude antagonizing the german for the rigidness and lack of ... oooh , i get it . 
  but they should n't be hurtful , they are real . 
  we get old and die . 
  women age a lot worse , men are biologically impulsed to value looks in women a lot more , but women outlive men and looks for them can be a double edged sword , it can make them feel judged and objectified , but it can also be an incredible asset , female sexuality when used with care can create or destroy worlds . 
  it 's just the way it is . 
  but women are more hurt by this realization now then ever because hook-up culture and general opportunities and freedoms mean females can ( and usually do ) trade biological awareness , which is much more important later in their lives , for psychological comfort and fun in their earlier years of adulthood . 
  i 'm not the one to judge whether that is ok or not , i mention this because i do n't want to make this a political statement , for all i care i 'm happy when there 's opportunity for anyone to pursue anything they wish . 
  the communists did n't care whether you were a man or a woman , they wanted you to work , they wanted positions to be filled . 
  opportunity equality is greatest between genders in the east ( for whatever opportunities there are ) and also women are a bit more handy because a lot is expected from them ( i still kinda sigh when i see an old lady carrying heavy bags of groceries from the market , probably to her husband , after which she 'll spend hours cooking more food than necessary ) . 
  there is real need for feminist awareness in the east not regarding opportunities ( actually , there 's things to learn from here ; hint : stop the mandatory quotas bullshit ) but regarding domestic violence in underdeveloped regions of countries in eastern eu . 
  this is still a grave and an extremely sad problem . 
  because at that age , very generally speaking , fertility tends to start dropping for women ( for men also , but not nearly at the same rate , again , generally speaking ) and for women especially , fertility is very physically represented in traits . 
  also , as biological impulses are unmet by that age , some women start to `` give up '' in a certain psychological way , and it shows . 
  i 'm threading thin ice with this comment , as these things can be really hurtful to hear reinforced for women and they , unless not faced with the aforementioned problems , tend to be very combative about this not being true , even though it is . 
  of course , i 'd love if you 'd do . 
  also , i did n't want to but i now kinda feel that this should be mentioned : my questions where rhetorical , on these topics i know a lot more than i let on in this discussion , because the point is n't that ; the point is to showcase that how history was shaped ( or in this case how did europe manage to rise to the ability of exerting the influence it did ) is a lot more complicated than people usually think and you simply can not reduce it to a list of 3 things . 
  the involvement of `` agency '' is at best in trace amounts , even when talking about huge people which `` massively influenced '' the course of history . 
  but why coal ? 
  and why did n't somebody else have the headstart ? 
  and what about technological headstarts ? 
  did n't the asians know about black powder lo g before europeans upped the usage dramatically for warfare ? 
  they had well-developed civilizations and culture , coincidental ( or not ) with an urbanization trend , but things are n't that simple , because you can always ask `` why ? '', 
  why was the first engine invented in europe and not somewhere else ? 
  you 're just deluding yourself . 
  you germans are the all in kinda guys . 
  i can respect that , even though when misguided , you and everybody near you payed a great price . 
  and regarding merkel ... well , the bigger they are ... 
  i am dexiantoniu and i am the chief that will unite the european tribes into a new future . 
  i 'll drag the brits to glory whether they like it or not . 
  yeah . 
  i do n't know what you mean , but i do n't really care cause you 're starting to showcase what i was referring about . 
  that 's a false dichotomy , they are not mutually exclusive . 
  but do n't get me wrong , i appreciate that . 
  i 'd like if more people in almost all european countries understood the value of feeling inside of a community , how being proud of the whole can make each individual stronger and the whole more cohesive and powerful . 
  not talking about more extreme forms of patriotism or nationalism ( which , admit it or not , turks tend to suffer from ) but a moderate , healthy dose of them . 
  from what i 've seen turks are generally quite good guys , not very bright but they like the group life and are united with who they consider their own . 
  that being said , they are proud of their heritage and would love to fuck over someone who is n't a turk , always , with any chance offered to them , no matter how small or invisible the attack . 
  i love guy ritchie movies, 
  they 're not african . 
  they 're english , german , dutch etc. 
  because the gypsies that beg and pickpocket are n't gypsies . 
  they are romanian . 
  please . 
  do n't be racist . 
  you mean a gang war between kurds , mostly germans and assyrians . 
  because if they have the citizenship , they 're german . 
  call ot whatever you want , rambling or whatever , it is true . 
  i prefer those pesky `` romanian '' beggars over that `` german '' mafia any day . 
  if you still think that 's what racism is , you 've learnt nothing . 
  and you say it with such pride ... 
  it 's such a shame , and it 's so worrisome . 
  and also , you germans should stop trafficking cocaine from turkey , beating poor negros and forcing them to be your pushers on the streets . 
  same goes for those violent , bike-stealing dutch . 
  those were not romanian women . 
  those were gypsy women with a romanian citizenship . 
  from now on i 'll refer to the turks who tried to mug me in koln as germans . 
  you german people are pretty violent . 
  that gypsy beggar remark was just a low blow . 
  what people wan na hear from you : `` ok , we fucked up , we greeted with banners people who are just horrible to have around because we are naive and politically indoctrinated , were fooled by the media and now got ta deal with this shit and these people who are just unruly , will never fit in with us and we should n't have screwed a quarter of europe welcoming them here . 
  you guys were right '' . 
  yes i did , you are free to search in my post history . 
  those same sane germans belittled those of us who warned of things like these or worse happening to you , and there 's still much of it going on ; you keep making a distinction between keeping the refugees and weeding the opportunists , when the truth is they are all opportunists , and you must `` weed '' out those from syria ( those with id or that can pass a q&a test to demonstrate they are syrian ) , and send back the rest . 
  the semantics matter because saying that you weed out the opportunists means that somehow those in true need are in a much bigger proportion , and that somewhat justifies your initial handling of the situation , but that is not true . 
  by definition , all are opportunists , and the big chunk are just illegal economic migrants , and the smaller chunk , although opportunists , at least do indeed merit some sort of help . 
  and it 's not only your government . 
  it 's you being easily guiled and the mass media selling you a heartfelt story that you munched right up , and then the politicians trying to capitalize on the trend . 
  but it 's you , the normal guys who raised banners who are to blame . 
  it does n't matter who 's to blame now but unless you guys accept that , you cant commit to solving the problem . 
  ask them if they 're gay and gouge their response . 
  or tell them they will stay with a gay family , gouge their response . 
  i think what these comments are trying to get at is that germans should n't have welcomed these many homophobes without a screening ( at least ) in the first place . 
  there 's still a long , long way to go . 
  what 's needed is for the old psd guard to get their seats out of the parliament , and that will never happen . 
  only maybe when most of them are too old , if they taken too few younger politicians under their wings and imparted their mentality onto them , and we get many more younger politicians to replace them with better hearts . 
  but parties are very insular and it 's hard to get into politics and ascend to higher levels against the grain of those already there . 
  so probably the change in the political class will only be sizable in more than 50 years ... 
  i do n't know what to want more , get myself a job in the romanian international solving crime ( risc ) institution , or a part in the movies about it . 
  in all fairness , countries like france do ride on their fortunate history , from the extended roman colonization which leaved the future french territory well developed , to strong countries with which to trade or fight , conquer , which pushes the need to advance , to colonies . 
  blanket data collection on populace is done for corporate spying , corporate data and political checkups , mostly . 
  but people also judge these things through a survivors bias . 
  we might only see the attacks that the authorities failed to prevent , and know a lot less about those they did manage to prevent . 
  there 's no `` arguments '' to be made here .
