  on a related note , i was somehow surprised by the `` turkey loves japan bit '' , because i read this pretty popular book published in 2008 which kinda took a guess that in the near future turkey will try to assert its influence as a big power again , and in the longer future ( * here 's where it gets interesting * ) japan and turkey , both trying to raise their power and influence , would band together to challenge the american hegemony and eventually wage war with the usa . 
  seemed a bit far fetched when i read it , but now it seems more and more plausible . 
  edit : i do n't understand the downvotes , lol ... 
  in ironically called subreddits such as `` r/freethought '' and `` r/truereddit '' , trying to say that the root of all evil are n't white * men * nets you exactly one result : : `` gtfo you racist '' . 
  western `` social studies '' taught them that . 
  a lot of people on this subreddit also have gone through the same education . 
  if `` spaghetti bowl '' is a gender , heck , why not ? 
  sure , progressive is now a race . 
  if do n't think you 're wrong , of course you did n't see i already found your `` logic '' and discussed it . 
  i never claimed merkel is at fault for this particular incident , but i already explained why her presence in this discussion might be warranted for some . 
  what hypocrisy ? 
  yes , of course they ended up there willingly . 
  not in romania , but in norway , of course . 
  and these ones are 2nd generation immigrants in one of the wealthiest , safest country which offers opportunities we , romanians , can only dream of in our own country . 
  and that 's why they 're little shitheads . 
  because norway and the norwegians are countless times better than the lands and people these ungrateful pricks come from . 
  i 'm not hypocritical just because in norway i 'd also be an immigrant . 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  edit : i refuse to empathize with the little assholes because that would mean that me as an immigrant would behave the same . 
  is that what you 're saying ? 
  or are you saying some '' * rom * anian '' immigrants are behaving the same in norway ? 
  we know what '' * rom * anians '' we 're talking about , and i 'm not like that . 
  and those romanians who beg , beat and steal in norway should n't get sympathy and empathy , just like these bullies should n't . 
  i tried searching for the video of the beating , but [ i only ended up finding way too many videos of other , similar beatings ] ( https://youtu.be/_ljjojcddwe ) . 
  youtube is full with these . 
  you can keep going with related videos down a very long rabbit hole . 
  when eastern europeans on this sub warned caution , we were called far-right . 
  we grew up like this . 
  bullied by kids of certain ethnicities , or kids from poor families . 
  but things just are like this around here , and we , as kids , had the chance to learn to how to at least avoid these , if not how to stand up for ourselves . 
  i feel so bad for that chubby kid . 
  and as a comment on that video says , this is how you end up with neo-nazis . 
  that kid will grow up hulking , waiting for the moment to give it all back . 
  and there are people here who will still deny this reality . 
  i remember the good old days , when trying to detail what the social repercussions of the new-found muslim fervor in europe will look like meant an inbox full of `` you 're a nazi '' , `` look at the poor white boy crying , gtfo '' etc. 
  it does n't have to . 
  if this is how the future will look with the millions of immigrants that came in and/or trickled in europe since last year , then merkel 's shortsighted support for groups of thousands of people crossing borders without papers is definitely related to this discussion . 
  being condescending does not substitute an argument . 
  correct . 
  they 're just desperate and hungry prostitutes , with no standards . 
  say what you will about that drunkard basescu , but he is one savvy mofo . 
  i think his point sorta is that multiculturalism is irrelevant . 
  it might not work , and a society would still be plenty rich because of other factors . 
  [ germans have fun , they just have other priorities . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/3odl-konzwk ), 
  there 's no way this ends up good , there 's no way people will be ok with all of this if the trend goes uninterrupted . 
  bar some fast amd huge financial gains from all this , their political class has no reason to do all apart from ideological stupidity . 
  your replies serve to prove that you have a narrow worldview , given that you think i implied that them being stupid absolves them of the responsibility for the mess they create, 
  you 're making the assumption that i 'm stupid and/or not well read on the subject . 
  you are wrong , but that 's why i wo n't waste my time . 
  yes , but you 're making huge leaps of logic from this point to claiming that ... you know what , believe what you will ... 
  there 's no need to go full conspiracy theorist . 
  i 'm not saying some people did n't have malicious intent , but in general , idiocy is the cause for how all of this was handled . 
  they 're just entertaining stories , they 're good dramas with ups and downs and people like these things . 
  that 's all . 
  i obviously said much more than that , lol . 
  again , i find the whole discussion very amusing . 
  there are missile defenses for big range weapons , mate , and you ca n't hold land with missiles , you need troops , mate ... lol you genuinely amuse me . 
  lol ... you 're funny . 
  as if you do n't know there is a perceived benefit for russia to have the baltics as a buffer , either neutral or on its side , and that nato troops there are reason of worry . 
  i would n't compare comparing estonia to crimea to comparing japan to mongolia . 
  1st of all , again , the point was that putin 's words are not to be trusted . 
  the point was that putin said the same about crimea . 
  you 're post is irrelevant to the point . 
  ok then , 's all good . 
  thanks . 
   in what circumstances can you take legal action ? 
  is `` i think it 's not my child '' a sufficient reason to undertake legal action ? 
  could you please answer my other two questions , so other people can make up their own minds ? 
  and in what circumstances can you take legal action ? 
  is `` i think it 's not my child '' a sufficient reason to undertake legal action ? 
  if not , then nothing is really different . 
  first of all , this study disproves nothing - it shows that the phenomena might be less common , not that it is nonexistant . 
  secondly , i was not defending the other poster , i was just explaining where your reasoning is faulty . 
  thirdly , there are many studies done fraudulently in regards to climate change on both sides of the argument . 
  many . 
  i should know , it 's one of my fields . 
  lastly , if indeed the author has a feminist bias ( i 'm not saying it 's there , just saying that if it is ) then something 's very troubling here : if the study was done with a bias in mind , but it could only go so far than make the number a bit lower ( instead of disproving the phenomena or making it out to be a very rare case ) it means that the actual numbers are worrying . 
  no , because that is arbitrary and not a measure of anything which should or should n't be . 
  in some cases it works , but here it does n't . 
  so it 's still stupid . 
  in france , you can not test the baby without the mother 's consent . 
  meaning , your wife can literally prevent you from finding out if the child is yours or not . 
  on the flipside , if she does prevent you , you kinda have the answer to the question , but !, 
  you 're still legally stuck since you can not prove anything . 
  whether he attacked or not the author is debatable , i agree . 
  using `` feminist '' as a slur when judging validity of scientific studies is , however , not controversial because it is indeed a bias which can ( and does ) greatly affect the conduct of said studies . 
  also , nobody implied anything about all women being whores , but nice bait and switch . 
  it should , but in all fairness europe a hundred years ago was a pretty damn different place than today . 
  here 's the thing : gypsies are actually easy to round up , because they 're mostly just macho-wannabes scoundrels ( i know this sounds harsh , but for the nomad gypsies begging and pickpocketing throughout europe , it 's kinda true ) , but they have ingrained fear of authority and they 're defense is first to tumble down screaming and then to just give up , they 'll make they 're way back later . 
  you just can not take gypsies seriously enough , and sometimes can not help but feel a bit sorry for how they have it . 
  also , gypsies in romania for example are offered special spots and grants for studies ( which is generally considered an ok thing for them to have , even with public 's general disinterest in pc ) , and in other countries they 've been outright given money to stop begging , it 's just that they have a self-destructive culture they just refuse to give up and it has to do with how lack of intellectual perspective ( which is present in almost all societies for the general public ) manifests in their go-to cultural responses . 
  all in all , pc is moot with gypsies because that 's not how you deal with them , firstly it just does n't help them in any way . 
  almost as off-target as saying that the entirety of this subreddit is full of clear cut hypocrites . 
  but the lack of an open , honest discussion about how islam influences its ' adherents ' behavior regarding our societies tends to make this happen : drives people to extremes in constant and petty attacks . 
  people will never understand , not even when it will be waaay to late that a lot of this heat could 've been avoided were some people willing to accept responsibility and dialogue . 
  because we tolerate their lifestyle choices here , but as soon as they do n't tolerate ours there , `` r/europe '' jumps at exposing the hypocrisy . 
  it 's not too extreme , it 's showcasing a very real consequence . 
  it 's the truth . 
  you have a penis or a vagina ?
