  it becomes woven into the fabric of social phenomena ( this does n't really need explaining , just perspective ) . 
  thus , by guiding morals , values , beliefs , it also guides politics . 
  you can best see this in china 's confucianism , where society is religion , and the religion is the society . 
  europe never tamed christianity , but economic expansion , trade , humanism all prevailed and changed the habits and rites when the ones imposed by christianity would otherwise impose breaks on attaining certain goals . 
  think of how henry viii ( and this is a bit of a shoehorn , i admit ) simply broke off from papal authority when it went against his will . 
  this generally hints at the nature of christianity in european politics as a sort of an ... afterthought ... christianity infiltrated , creeped into the larger social reality of the roman empire and it became accepted by the ruling class gradually as it understood that it needs to be on the same page with the little guy ( christianity started as the religion of the `` little guy '' ) , but christianity was not a precursor of european culture or politics , it was something annexed because of new social reality ( to put it largely and unnuanced ) which later became an important validator and justification for rule ( i.e `` barbaric '' tribes picking up christianity in order to be more `` roman '' etc. 
  or using the assumed gentle nature of christianity as a justification to assert `` moral '' superiority of civilization over other `` savages '' which need to be christened - code name for brought into the fold ) and for certain actions ( such as justifying the crusades as holy wars , when in reality that was just a common justification for absolutely politically motivated decisions ) . 
  in contrast , islam is not an attachment , it is the driving force , from its inception the religion of islam has been tied with justified authority in its own contents . 
  it is a thing of nuance , but of high importance . 
  you would not conflate the nature of confucianism with the nature of christianity ; similarly , one should n't conflate the nature of christianity with that of islam . 
  apart from tightly upheld monotheism and common roots , islam has a lot more in common with confucianism regarding the blending between politics and religion than with how christianity does it . 
  i do n't think you 're being really honest , i 've never heard `` serving in the military '' not referred to as `` fighting for your country '' . 
  soldiers/ex-soldiers say they `` serve/d in the military '' to be announce their status in a specific fashion , but otherwise it 's always `` fighting for my country '' . 
  died `` fighting for his country '', 
  i have failed my heritage ... 
  yeah , was genuinely surprised by turkish expats and students i know , educated , housed and formed by the eu , none if them critical of erdogan , on the contrary . 
  i 'm really hoping its just my experience . 
  some of those reports ( a lot of them ) are also biased . 
  this is why economics is backwards academia . 
  everyone . 
  but mostly consumers . 
  simple vat cuts , across the board and bigger one for certain products . 
  made a huge difference . 
  if yes , kill him promptly . 
  but sexually destroy his anus first . 
  and no touching of the prostate , ca n't allow him the last laugh . 
  someone should spread this knowledge , so the next time we gang rape and kill a homosexual we make sure they do n't enjoy it as much as us . 
  well , the tax cuts lowered prices but increased consumption power moved the quantity of bought and sold goods up , the nuance is here : prices dropped faster than consumer power momentum could pick up , and once it did it sort of established a new equilibrium point , thus raising prices puts you at risk of actually loosing revenue . 
  in romania 's case , for example , yes . 
  some `` economists '' claim that deflation is bad because saving is incentivezed and thus spending is cut . 
  but romania 's retail sales grew by 20 % this year , in which we 've only had deflation . 
  the truth is consumers do n't act like these economists think , and spending is incentivized , but money is taken out of the banks and the banks are generally hurt , sometimes a lot . 
  the truth is , especially in countries like romania ( and let 's be honest , almost everywhere ) , that discretionary income is low and declining in most places , and savings and investing is n't something most consumers can do ( most by numbers , not by financial worth ) . 
  a decrease in prices suddenly means that people can buy more things with the same money , so they tend to do . 
  this is what happened in romania . 
  tax cuts and increased minimum wage also helped driving consumption up and/or contributing to the deflation . 
  but there you have it , contrary to what most `` economists '' * are taught to repeat * ( the whitewashing going on in economics academia is driving me insane ) , deflation is n't the bane of civilization and nor does increases in minimum wage create unemployment . 
  it all depends very much on the economy 's setup . 
  romania is relatively energy independent and our economy has a lot of room to grow , more consumption power to the average folk can only result in very good demand-driven growth . 
  but the ( often overlooked ) nuance counts a lot . 
  as someone who studies this thing academically ( like probably a lot of people in this sub , maybe even you ) , i can say deflation is n't bad all the time , for everyone . 
  short bouts of deflation can certainly mix up economic activities with welcomed benefits for certain segments of the population . 
  unite with moldova , take our lands back from ukraine , then take those two counties back from bulgaria , then expand transylvania up to the tisza river , reinstate the monarchy , boom call it kingdom of dacia , fake a shadow invasion from russia , fearmonger the eastern countries , boom make military deal and conquer moscow in the summer , boom call it dacian empire , start investing heavily in china 's coastal region , bribe , create political divide , use it and boom greater eurasian dacia , use the cheap labor in china , make robots , subdue the usa , boom the global protectorate of dacia , colonize mars , discover the mass relays , save the galaxy from the reapers . 
  write in the stars that romanian = / = roma , problem solved . 
  but this is completely predictable . 
  especially when they 're being educated that nothing matters when it comes to self-identification , and there is literally nothing for them to identify with . 
  so then they 're left with the best of intentions but absolutely clueless regarding themselves , cluelessness that translates to how they perceive other people too . 
  they need to have something to identify with , but they 're being told doing that is bad , so they just have a `` feeling '' about who 's really german and who 's not . 
  psychology has documented such needs , on one hand , for decades , and on the other , the political push given by the profile of people who 've taken up psychology more recently ( non-critical liberals ) concomitantly pretends those needs do n't matter . 
  all in all , to attempt at your bait , a 2nd/3rd generation turk which speaks german , upholds german culture and sees himself as a german is for all intents and purposes ` german ' . 
  a 2nd/3rd generation turk with a german citizenship is not . 
  he 's a turkish citizen of germany . 
  there is a meaningful distinction there , one that people should start recognizing if we want to learn anything from the last couple of decades . 
  acceptance is a two-way street . 
  if you 're equating downvotes with who 's actually right , you know it yourself that you have a poor case , my friend . 
  i implied that they did not do it , because there was absolutely no reason whatsoever to , not they they would not . 
  wow ... 
  so if i disagree with you , i 'm a communist propaganda eating , fascist loving idiot ? 
  there 's a lot of attempted revisionism done by monarchists . 
  i do n't fault the king , he was barely a man when it all happened , but all in all he defected for ultimately not being savvy , or at least strong enough , and his weak resolve still costs us today . 
  they totally would . 
  did n't say they would n't , did i ? 
  yes . 
  and kick out those who can not integrate by their own will . 
  right ... 
  err ... `` forced '' can be a very loose term . 
  you have absolutely no clue what you are talking about , unsurprisingly . 
   endorses collective punishment . 
  which a whole continent is threatened with . 
  the true failing of the european education system ( at least in the west ) is the over abundance political indoctrination and shielding from dissent contrasting the lack of emphasis on down to earth critical thinking . 
  that 's such a bullshit , disingenuous , reality-deprived moral stance . 
  so if i start demanding 1000 eur per month and try to force your hand by going into the sea to drown , you will give it to me , otherwise you 're a barbarian ? 
  and the typical counter-argument is `` no , because it 's not the same thing '' . 
  but you do n't make that distinction , the choice of whose needs are greater is not yours to make . 
  you also can not calculate the long-term repercussions of hugely impactful forced social changes like the one we stand on the precipice of . 
  and the high moral ground stances , the hypocritical bullshit is starting to get on people 's nerves . 
  this is n't even about being humane and helping the refugees . 
  it 's about willfully accepting the bullying of a single power hungry man . 
  make them turn back . 
  have we become such big pussies ? 
  it 's like we are n't even supposed to be allowed to stand up for ourselves ? 
  what 's with this pessimistic-masochistic crap ? 
  turkey wants to make a whole continent its bitch and all some ( a lot of ) people have to say is `` well , nothing to do about it '' . 
  it 's damn time europeans break this mold . 
  that 's largely true for a significant portion of the population , which coincidentally happens to overlap quite well with a specific ethnicity , but really , what you 're speaking of is n't well-spread at all . 
  it just sticks in your head . 
  who said it would have had to be like that ? 
  be serious . 
  stop them at the borders , as to not incentivize more of them to do the same . 
  then sort it out . 
  it 's still kicking the bucket down the road , but a much more manageable one . 
  would you move 5000kgs of something worth 1 dollar per kilo or 10 ? 
  there 's nothing csi about it . 
  yeah , fair enough . 
  people like these are everywhere in europe . 
  it used to be much worse 15-20 years ago , now it 's a lot better in that department . 
  enough for you to feel good about yourself , sure . 
  enough for the refugees ? 
  apparently not . 
  enough for the social landscape of europe ?
