  claiming that i 'm a racist because i say what i say is absurd . 
  we do n't have good jobs here . 
  most good jobs are in bigger cities and they require a combination of actual skill and also connections . 
  you then have a significant chunk of the population living on minimum wage , doing what they can to live . 
  and we still have unemployment , so any jobs created will be taken up because we need them . 
  where do you put jobs for refugees in this system ? 
  how do you convince your average romanian who 's seen nothing made for him by the political class in their whole lives that politics have decided they 're gon na make new jobs and they 're for refugees , not for them , if that 's the solution ? 
  i have absolutely nothing against refugees . 
  but how germany has treated this crisis is absolutely fricking ridiculous and full of wishful thinking . 
  yeah , let 's incentivize them to cross borders illegally and then try to force the consequences of our words down on everybody 's throats . 
  should 've stopped them fast , move them in trucks in planes back in the asia minor refugee camps , and open asylum processing offices there . 
  you then a priori set up a ratio system under which the vetted , true refugees are distributed across the eu and taken care for appropriately . 
  not this shit . 
  it 's quite common . 
  misapproximation of one 's own voicing authority as a direct result of overestimating erm ... intelligence . 
  it 's quite common . 
  oh yeah , that 'll teach him , lol, 
   i do not `` feel superior '' to my fellow romanians . 
  good . 
  you should n't . 
  cause you 're certainly not ayyy lmao, 
  that 's the stupidest fucking non-argument and i 'm soooooooo fucking tired of seeing it perpetrated . 
  i propose that there will be only one true brahma-emperor elected by goddess amaterasu herself as ratified by the papacy - god be willing - through the will of people - full title . 
  and that one true brahma emperor shall be none other than a biumvirate of erdogan and putin . 
  yeah , they put the baltimore riot there , but for the whole mongol invasion they put just one dot . 
  really neutral map guys , clearly no agenda . 
  i do n't know what they 're thinking . 
  i do get that the uk is the * usa 's proxy * and they represent america 's interest in the region . 
  the usa projects power through uk , a smaller relience on the nato would mean that the uk is less important . 
  the uk is n't worried with security in the region , they are n't afraid that nato will become less efficient because europe will divert resources from nato to its own military , as other people postulate are the reasons why the uk is an ass with this . 
  mainly because the european contribution to nato is small anyway , and britain will always be readily defended by the usa . 
  britain is n't concerned about its security and could n't give a rats ass about ours . 
  it 's just that after they leave the eu , the single other way they 'd be important is being america 's military proxy . 
  if we have a capable european military , they got nothing on us after they leave . 
  the buddhist british empire . 
  not buddhist , not british , not an empire . 
  no , this map is bullshit . 
  i do n't even want to claim that europe did n't indeed have the most wars , that might indeed be the case . 
  but i 'm definitely seeing a subrepresentation of asian wars and an overrepresenation of european ones . 
  i do n't see the wars of mongols properly defined . 
  i ca n't figure out how the korean-japanese are represented . 
  it does not help that you have many more nation-states `` per squared kilometer '' in europe , and that will naturally give the impressions of more conflicts , when in reality it could be the same conflicts but more tightly packed together . 
  not to mention that not everywhere on the globe are there enough written or archaeological records to accurately determine the numbers of wars , in places such as sub-saharan africa or pre-columbus america . 
  you have more wars on the map in europe because we know more about the wars in europe because people wrote them down , or lived in dense enough populations that archaeological artifacts are abundant . 
  i wan na see the author 's definition for wars and the complete list . 
  enough with the `` white people are the devil '' narrative . 
  and take your gulas too on your way out !, 
  hmph !, 
  sure . 
  clean that up !, 
  but there are worse ones out there . 
  that 's all . 
  not . 
  just not this bad . 
  because some degrees of sexual dimorphism are natural in the sense that humans are sexually dimorphic , but it 's not about that , it 's about the uncontended point about what burkas and niqabs represent . 
  do n't make the mistake of thinking i do n't know about ingrained cultural norms . 
  i for one am completely for men being able to wear skirts as normal part of the day , the leap from trousers to skirts is minimal . 
  but skirts , pants and burkas , there 's no equivalence here . 
  and even if there were : alright , skirts exclusivity is evil . 
  that does n't make burkas right . 
  we 're gon na also deal with skirts . 
  but , again , skirts are nonequivalent to burkas . 
  few things are . 
  enough with the cultural relativism . 
  these people ostracize the homosexuals , whereas for us being a man and wearing a skirt is more common , think of all the trans . 
  try be a trans in an islamic country . 
  i got absolutely nothing against arabs , i do n't care for their migration etc , but their culture is antiquated whilst europeans are so pitiful in their self loathing . 
  not a good combination . 
  lets give fair criticism where it 's due . 
  that is a false equivalency between pants and a burka . 
  one is designed to cover genital areas , which both sexes are in this cultural paradigm supposed to do , the other hides the face of the wearer with the express purpose of signaling that the wearer - a woman - is the property of certain men/man , whilst there is no equivalent for the man . 
  they also consider ostracizing homosexuals to be normal . 
  enough with the cultural relativism already . 
  or people do it for themselves and nobody actually thinks about you when they write these things , cause the world revolves around no one ? 
  and you 're equally free to disagree with anyone while respecting their right to have an opinion ? 
  we 're all right wing pigs if we find this plea from merkel to be utterly pathetic ? 
  nah , i have very high standards . 
  i want to procreate wisely as to contribute to the perfect race of humans . 
  debunked you yo, 
  firstly , because it could be cultural and enforced by the community as what it think it 's normal , wearing a niqab can have nothing to do with having a job . 
  more importantly , the role of * the niqab/burka etc. 
  is to allow women to have jobs * , or at least activities . 
  that 's why they wear them , * to be able to go outside and do stuff * . 
  ok . point us to a facebook substitute , please . 
  lol @ all the americans downvoting you . 
  i warmly recommend you the last season of south park , then . 
  i feel like everyone should watch that last season . 
  i know it 's south park , but man the layers of subtlety in the social analysis go deep in that season . 
  on that second point , people need to understand that it 's not only the husband forcing . 
  it can very well be ( and actually most of the time this is the case ) the local community , and the family : the father and possibly brothers etc. 
  there 's really no way to tell whether she 'd wear them by choice or not . 
  some people have internalized the `` anti immigration is solely racism '' narrative , ignoring the possibility that racism might just be a symptom even if that is the case . 
  true . 
  i think the op meant that from a demographic , objective , system of incentives point of view , if you signal this particular problem of low fertility rates in italy , the causal chain does n't even start with women 's decisions . 
  you 're not fun at parties , are you ... lol, 
  no , that 's not it . 
  they should stop championing `` free trade '' and economic policies * molded in the image of what america needs from the world * as viable academia . 
  it killed me and gradually suffocated my love for the subject in university . 
  because the of the capitalist , fascist west , comra . . err . . man !, 
  unfair trade deals , child labor , regime changes , making deals with the devil for petroleum , trying to convert agricultural policies of a whole continent so that american companies can be competitive on its markets , all cool .
