  but there are enough mosques to go around in the cities which have a sizable muslim community - and i only know of bucharest which has such a community , tbh , and to me it does n't really seem like * a * communities , but more of them , formed naturally , shia-sunni , all that . 
  no mate , here 's the deal . 
  we do n't need more churches . 
  churches are getting built constantly . 
  this one , this huge motherfucker is an insult . 
  a slap in the face , the pulling of dick out and rubbing of it on your chin because you 're considered too weak , stupid and easy to manipulate . 
  we could have done many better things with that cash . 
  many . 
  and of bigger , more urgent necessity . 
  but our patriarch is an ex-securitate ( sort of ex-kgb ) alleged freemason . 
  he 's to romania what putin is to europe . 
  oh , man , the white haters , often white , thinking that the puppeteering of relatively few corrupted individuals warrant the hate for millions , often ignorant of what 's happening . 
  no , man ... because humans . 
  you got ta stop guilting people like that , it does n't work and only further divides . 
  even here in bucharest , a far less inclusive area than sweden in general , i know plenty of arabs . 
  some have integrated well , some have just integrated in the `` bad boy '' subculture of gym meat heads and petty crap , and some have n't . 
  and it is all on them . 
  those who wanted opened a business , some are married , have children , they 're paying their taxes , are welcoming of the natives and the natives reciprocate . 
  there was no institutional racism to stop them . 
  the `` parallel '' society would be less of an issue here in certain parts of the country because people here generally just do n't take that crap . 
  that 's solely on you . 
  and the funniest thing when it comes to racism , this is anecdotal but they are some of the worst , lol . 
  most refuse to serve gypsies , and will call them `` stinking '' and the like . 
  if sweden is racist and they have n't tried , god , there 's no hope for humanity , cause there is no place that tried harder . 
  no , sweden fault 's is not racism , but self-loathing and not knowing to say `` enough '' . 
  sweden tried . 
  sweden should give itself a pat on the back instead of beating itself . 
  actually , it is thought that romanian medieval rulers also claimed divine right , by adding `` io '' to their title . 
  of course that 's what they 'd say . 
  most inoffensive nation on the earth , learning from past mistakes , not pinning fables on other people to demonize or shed responsibility , not anymore . 
  except when it comes to those pesky eastern europeans , those white , dirty paria , fuck em !, 
  that paragraph offers no sources , and even if it did , absorption into labour market = / = skill level . 
  you two are talking different things . 
  hey buddy , take care , your tinfoil almost fell off your head . 
  by america winning you mean the american 1 % further screwing not only the average american but also the average european ? 
  eat some burgers whilst outraging on the interwebs ? 
  i specifically mentioned that other news outlets being bad is not any sort of excuse for rt. 
  but thinking that `` the other guys ' media '' is worse than than yours is exactly what all those gullible russians are thinking . 
  i see absolutely nothing wrong with promoting skepticism of all major media outlets . 
  i do not understand how this position can be conflated with the leaps of logic of russian trolls , apart for the tribalisitc , `` shoot him , he 's a darned commie '' mindset . 
  nothing to argue there . 
  so you think i 'm a russian troll ? 
  lol, 
  ok . those guys suck , and we should n't listen to them . 
  but them being idiots does n't mean that if you have something against immigration you 're an idiot or far right , for that matter . 
  let 's see those tribal downvotes pouring . 
  all of them . 
  particular issues differ , but all of them do that . 
  every . 
  single . 
  one . 
  the impact of the information being pushed back and out might potentially differ , but all of them do that . 
  this is n't to say , as i 'm sure some tribal monkeys interpreted , that this is in any way an excuse for rt. 
  it is not . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's ok that rt is bad because cnn is just as bad . 
  i 'm just not naive enough to think that cnn is love and life . 
  cyka blyat you got me, 
  but from a technical standpoint , that guy is right . 
  just sayin ' . 
  the technology is ... not that far out of our reach . 
  do i sense a bit of patriotic pride maybe making your feelings on the matter a bit biased ? 
  well , one of those things is not like the others . 
  ahem ... cnn is as bad as rt. . . edit : no wonder putin spreads propaganda so easily if people think any major news/media outlet is less biased than any other . 
  just because you align with the bias of one does n't make it less biased . 
  refusing to acknowledge this very simple truth is what creates echochambers and allows for misinformation to be spread in the first place . 
  it 's also very easy to understand why echochambers form when you can get labeled `` not of our tribe '' so easily when expressing a dissenting opinion . 
  it 's kinda not . 
  you say i have insulted you then you proceed by using `` someone like you '' . 
  lol . 
  my friend , i am not a nationalist , i have nothing against nobody , i have made no moral judgement on either the refugees or the greeks , i only try to understand and explain why people react the way they do . 
  nice deflection though . 
  i did none of those things because i am not a nationalist . 
  now back to you , what have you done for the refugees , apart from laying empty words ? 
  yes , i wonder ... how many refugees have you clothed and fed ? 
  oh , you just destroyed me ... you shook my self image to the core . 
  i 'm rekt . 
  you totally missed his point , lol, 
  wtf ? 
  are we watching the same graph ? 
  comparing 2014 to 2015 , the uptick is huge . 
  especially considering that the new terrorist trend is just over one year old . 
  2015 is when the trend started and it alone already recorded a visibly big increase . 
  uhh , thanks for proving my point ? 
  of course it does . 
  they see at as a sign that all those tens of thousands of people who 've just decided to illegally stay there will be kept . 
  edit : people itt seem to think those greeks are evil and do n't care for human rights . 
  i think the average outraged greek - which i bet are n't that many - have nothing against educating migrant kids , i think they 're decent , like most human beings , and would even help in some capacity with the education effort if things were clearer . 
  i think those greeks are mad because things are n't clear , and they register the push to state-educate those children as a sign that they 're there to stay . 
  it 's not about children getting educated and basic human rights not being respected . 
  it 's the uncertainty and them being fed up . 
  this is the shiteiest argument possible . 
  it 's still the safest time by means of aggregation . 
  but as these events become more common , that will cease to be the case . 
  no one says that there 's a law dictating that things should stay peaceful , so do n't worry , these are temporary . 
  if anything , by looking at history , this is the odd age and it might be very likely that it stands to be finished , these quiet times might be temporary . 
  and i do n't want that to be the case . 
  that 's why i look at things and go `` oh , we might have a problem here guys , lets fix it ? 
  '' , instead of this absurdly optimistic , no criticism or nothing allowed crap . 
  uhh , so ? 
  exactly .
