  i 'm sorry , not only is that childish , but as you yourself just admitted , you underestimated their influx and their impact , some did n't , but you will not listen . 
  and you keep doing that . 
  that 's what my original point , which it seems you did not get ( and i doubt you ever will ) . 
  so , for all i care , you can take your hospitality , the grace with which you paid all those romanians to break their backs and pick up strawberries and olives and to wipe the asses of your old people for a fraction of what you 'd pay your own people , and shove that hospitality up your ass . 
  and i 'm not saying that in a mean way , i 'm just hoping it will make you understand what i mean by arrogance and blinders . 
  edit : and i hope you understand that i 'm not wasting my time typing any of these because i 'm hateful . 
  if one chooses to believe that , to each his own , but i 'm only expressing my concerns because i love this continent and every little place in it , deeply . 
  and i think we 're shooting ourselves in the foot . 
  i want us to help refugees , fuck me , of course i do , i feel bad for even making that disclaimer . 
  but what we did was one of the worst options . 
  i 'm sorry , racist statements or not , their racist statements will hurt your societies much less than your arrogance did . 
  their racist statements on the matter are on you , they 're your fault , those who supported doing nothing that lead us here . 
  and instead of admitting this - when it 's obvious since they are trying to deport them en masse - you still go on and on . 
  again , you see racism , i see bottled up dissatisfaction expressed through racist remarks . 
  what you call racism , i call a symptom . 
  you 're not treating the disease . 
  when you finally start admitting that and get off your high horses , we 'll stop having brexits and trumps . 
  i 'm currently anticipating a le pen presidency if things do n't change . 
  look man , none of this matters . 
  these deportations , we have expected them , and they are a clear sign that the bottom line is simple : letting them cross borders without any sort of regulation , control or accountability was a terrible idea . 
  this being controversial is incredibly silly , but here we are , some people still trying to argue that doing nothing was the best thing to do . 
  i guess the comments would mirror the person to which they reply . 
  lmao, 
  thank you again for your unnecessary intervention . 
  expecting a new one soon . 
  well , if more liberals were more like you in honesty maybe the world would 've been heading in the right direction already . 
  you 're running your mouth , again , for nothing , as the discussion has been settled , my claims were partially validated and i and the other poster reached an understanding . 
  i 'm sure you have better things to do with your time than utterly waste it , slowpoke . 
  stopped at the first two sentences , only because we ( me and the other replier ) both agreed on my position . 
  so i imagine you 're foaming at your mouth for nothing other than feeling attacked by what i wrote , which you should . 
  the `` gagging of voices in fear that if we say certain things we incentivize racism and populism '' has the opposite effect of the desired one : it incentivizes racism . 
  brexit did not convince you . 
  but trump was n't enough ? 
  what will be ? 
  coming back full circle to my first impression , people like you never learn . 
  muh racism is done as an argument . 
  the other poster saw through his righteousness , i hope you will too , though i heavily doubt it . 
  go look into the eyes of people who have lost family in the recent terrorist attacks , or to people living around rosengard and try ` but . . but ... racsim !! ', 
  you preach understanding but you offer none . 
  i 've read his replies in other threads of this post and he gradually came around , but it 's true , i have n't quite read everything he wrote , except the last post , to which i have nothing to reply because he is right , and i have n't read closely into the previous posts . 
  so i 'm guilty as charged , and quite ashamed on top of that . 
  dude , this discussion was never about someone claiming all muslims are terrorists ... you made this discussion about that . 
  i told you how completely un-self-aware you are and then you proceed to showcase that . 
  you make me worry , honestly . 
  and all people like you . 
  there are plenty of sensible lefties ( and i consider myself to be one of them ) which for a time have been increasingly aware that power-playing morality and virtue signaling , whilst fun , solve nothing . 
  `` look everyone !, 
  i 'm not a sexist !, 
  this guy is tho !, 
  eewww !!, 
  you hate minorities . 
  i 'm so righteous , hey everyone ! '', 
  is no longer a parody but the reality of the left that gave usa trump on a plate and gave europe brexit . 
  you 're complete refusal to acknowledge that those people might be right that worry more about terrorism than about being labeled as - ists or - phobes by segments of the left out of touch with reality , basking in their narcissism , or that at least it 's worth listening to them before going `` look everyone , i 'm not rasist , but this guy is '' , you 're complete lack of self-awareness will keep on costing us . 
  i 'm worried that the die is cast and the future holds president le pen and a roll back on the integration we have achieved so far , because it seems clear that no matter what , people will not accept when they are wrong . 
  weeeell , the dollar is also basically backed by petrol so the nosedive the pound took was unlikely anyway . 
  exactly , proportions . 
  10 000 new people wo n't be a proportion of however many millions the uk has . 
  it will be a proportion of probably a pretty small community/communities , communities in which social selfsegregation ( and thus ethnic/national kin ) already exist , if the ten thousand have any say in it . 
  what shitty views ? 
  acknowledging that the world is n't made of wonderful people living in a postscarcity mentality and that there are legitimate reasons against the absolutely crazy and narcissistic craze to appear to care about everybody in the world ? 
  gim me a break . 
  assimilation does n't happen on basis of percents . 
  the local communities in which newcomers would n't integrate but create parallel society and increase crime would suffer . 
  those communities are n't made of all the people of the country . 
  demographic and social phenomena happen in time and space , the percentage argument makes no sense . 
  in romania you get like 10gb for 6 euros lol, 
  it is a simplification , not nearly as dumb however . 
  unless you frenchies had a referendum in 2011 to bomb libya and it passed or at least voted for sarkozy because you perceived him as a anti-islamist/war prone and you wanted him to enact his tendencies if the opportunity arises , then i 'm not gon na hold you accountable for the french 's government decision to partake in those bombings . 
  matter of fact , the majority ( the overwhelming majority , i 'd say ) of people in europe and the usa , both lefties and righties are very anti-interventionism . 
  if a decision is taken , i 'm gon na hold the people that took the decision accountable , not everyone everywhere within some completely arbitrary definition . 
  by social processes that created ghettos you mean them self-aggregating into ghetto because it is written in their scripture that non-muslims are inferior to muslims and segregation is preferable ? 
  almost any of these terrorists could 've become something else , there 's enough opportunity in the west . 
  enough with the apologizing . 
  i have n't seen western civilians go to islamic countries to blow up people because they 're `` against islam '' . 
  i 've only witnessed elites forging propaganda , false flags , lying about threats and deciding to attack some islamic countries because * its in their elitist interest * *** and they cant ' be held accountable by the little person which is constantly lied to *** . 
  so there 's no western policy against islam , there 's elitist interests that end with conflict , elites which are western as well as islamic/middle eastern ( saudis / israel etc ) i have however seen islamic civilians coming to the west to bomb people up because they have an ideological gripe with the west . 
  does that mean we 're dealing with an `` islamic policy against the west ? '', 
  because that sort of thinking is shit and stupid as fuck . 
  that 's the point . 
  yep , i was wrong . 
  meh , guess it was wishful thinking . 
  the saudis do n't report their money . 
  they 're royalty in their country . 
  none of their business are anybody else 's business . 
  nobody that would deliver their finances to the world audits them . 
  they 're not bill gates . 
  their wealth is inestimable . 
  the saudis are allegedly worth ... trillions ... 
  richest people in the world , not powerful . 
  i know you really like to jerk on t_d , it 's easy karma and all , but there t_d is no more ... for like 2 weeks already . 
  edit : i was wrong , it 's back up . 
  so , what solution , or class of solutions , or at least direction would you propose ? 
  fuck off with your postmodern power play crap . 
  mohammed is a symbol of power , so there you go . 
  moreover , your crap argument is used by said largely unempathetic minority to shield itself from criticism and calls for reformation , which is a lot of fucking power . 
  getting exempted from criticism is a lot of fucking power . 
  a lot power that is abusable and has been crassly abused in recent times . 
  because being a minority is not the same with lacking real power . 
  sometimes , to the contrary , a minority is easier to organise and can become incomparably more focused than a majority , thus wielding much more power ( virtually all revolutions ever were done by minorities ) .
