  but i guess it tons better than anything they could 've gotten in their country ... and for free . 
  german welfare authorities give away newly renovated , 3 room apartments ?? 
  i 'm packing my stuff ... 
  i have previously expressed this opinion in another thread :, 
  western europe will get really screwed up really soon . 
  the idealistic and naiv manner in which current events are discussed is astonishing . 
  when did the need of moral superiority trump basic self-conservation instincts , or are people really that arrogant and/or oblivious to see themselves above the consequences of such tidal events ? 
  seeing toptier politicians supporting such a barrage of immigration can only make me put a tinfoil on my head and think somehow someone benefits from all this and orchestrates the helplessness of the authorities and the benevolence of the sistem towards these people . 
  yeah but if now you 're marrying the self-hate and/or guilt under the guise of tolerance , you 're just doing the same thing all over again . 
  mentioning that it was before the wars was more of a shock realization than an informative statement . 
   always owing to the love of falsehood which has became almost instinctive in them -- in short `` idealism '' . 
  it was the germans who caused europe to lose the fruits , the whole meaning of the last great age this statement proved to have one of the greatest predictive powers in history . 
  and that was before the world wars . 
  but yes , germans always seem to collectively marry an ideal . 
  exactly this , thank god for this post !, 
  white people are at fault for this kind of bullcrap specifically because they tolerate it . 
  but somehow a society in which you can openly criticize , insult , call for the end of it - not to mention that some of those you insult might even agree with you , because that 's what they are taught - is paradoxically the `` oppressive '' one . 
  there is no paradox . 
  the west , with all its defects , is the fairest , most tolerant place there has ever been in the history of humankind so far . 
  you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about , and you are using some words the wrong way . 
  only that migrants become national minorities . 
  so you 'd belittle their own culture , ethnicity , individuality for the one of their host country ? 
  i 've heard people making your arguments with the european jihadis , that they are not turkish or pakistani , they 're french or german or whatever ... then this video surfaced up on youtube , in which a german journalist asks some teenagers of immigrant background whether they are german or turks , if the german culture means anything to them , like the fact that they should n't dictate to their sisters or beat them , why do they say they do n't `` accept '' the german constitution etc. 
  when you 're claiming responsibility for them , you 're taking away from their accountability . 
  you 're saying `` they 're dumb and their beliefs are dumb , they do n't know what they 're saying , they 're really just germans like the rest of us but they 're too dumb to realize it . '', 
  it might be true , but it 's their choice . 
  when the gypsies here , instead of choosing to hand their kids to the authorities , put them in school etc they choose to make more kids and send them to beg , when the immigrants there choose to not adopt the principles of the host country and be grateful for them and for the country which gave them a better standard of living they chose rebellion , it 's their choice . 
  not yours . 
  these people are told at every corner of the way that they 're doing a bad thing , and they are offered alternatives . 
  what you are doing is false equivalency , beggars migration and labour migration really have nothing to do with each other , because one group can have incentives to move whilst the other does n't . 
  they have different incentives . 
  the relative social coldness , language barrier and climate will keep away a labour migrant who figures the extra couple hundreds of euros are not worth it , but to a beggar of a nomadic culture , it wont be that bad + the relative payoff is much greater for a beggar . 
  free labour movement , legal labour mobility is almost always beneficial ( unless it depresses wages too much ) , because it decreases the black market ( in a country with high wages in which many people would work anyway - uk , germany etc ) , whilst beggars operate illegally anyway , so they do n't care . 
  there is one caveat to all this : if one country joining free labor just brings more beggars than labour , then your assessment is true , free labor movement must be halted . 
  no , but a lot of people flooded the western labor markets , and a lot of beggars and thieves also relocated there . 
  let 's be fair , let 's not be dumb . 
  we 're not a nation of beggars and thieves , like some shitheads in the west had said , but it 's not like certain people leaving romania did n't contribute to the beggars population in the e.u. 
  turks are n't bad people , but visa free travel truly means easier mobility for jihadis . 
  do n't apologize to him . 
  he 's just an angsty person seeking to be edgy , that 's all . 
  check out his flair . 
  also , heavily armed patrols in civilian areas could mean nothing to him , since he has that israel flag . 
  you just need to know what something is not to know that something else does n't fit . 
  it 's not mine . 
  so what ... we 'll have rich people buying fit bodies of poor people on the black market to live forever ? 
  one more reason to get filthy rich , i guess . 
  employing that circular definition , when what we 're discussing about is whether turkey is or is n't ( an ) european ( country ) , makes no sense . 
  as a hip-hop style , rock also defines what is hip-hop ... 
  wait ... what ? 
  the etymology of asia is still unknown and debated , whilst europe 's is not . 
  there are many theories for how asia came to be known as asia . 
  wtf ? 
  between the usa and europe , iceland is more like europe . 
  the usa is n't european because it 's different , that 's why iceland is european ... 
  the dichotomy was between the usa and europe and then you ... how can you even ask that quest ... where ... just ho ... oh forget it . 
  i 'm not labeling anything . 
  when you 're talking about how the turkish state affected eastern europe history , you 're talking about my country . 
  the history of my country . 
  so i know what i 'm saying . 
  and you 're just enumerating interactions between turkey and europe , that 's why and how you make it exactly like how america is part of europe 's history . 
  there 's no black or white approach here , but turkey just is n't european . 
  just like japan is n't . 
  just like brazil is n't . 
  it just is n't . 
  it is . 
  romania is , kinda , a gateway between the west and the east . 
  or at least part of the gateway . 
  in many respects it 's a lot more similar to turkey , like these polls show , in other respects it 's nothing like turkey . 
  but , on the spectrum , it is european . 
  by all means . 
  turkey is n't . 
  in the same way that america is part of europe 's history . 
  that is just not a consistent argument . 
  historically , it 's not a gateway between the west and the east , it is the east , the near ( middle ) east , as opposed to the far east . 
  it is not culturally european , it 's formed by different geopolitical processes , vastly different formation of its people , different historical struggles , just ... no ... 
  i get the desire to be inclusive , but it 's just unfounded . 
  you think you 're making sense , but you do n't ... and you 're off point to begin with . 
  `` i refuse to listen to far-right parties which ideology is based on racism , misogyny and homophobia '' . 
  you missed the point . 
  you 're making the assumption that no matter what , anything left is better than anything right . 
  this simple albeit gigantic bias underlies everything you have written in this thread . 
  yeah , really ... 45 % of our population lives in rural areas ... 
  the cities , especially the larger ones , do quite fine , if we 'd manage to lift up the rural economy , we 'd grow our country 's economy to a respectable level , finally . 
  he 's a well-known eu apologist . 
  nothing wrong with that , but just so you know his personal bias . 
  yes , lol . 
  i said that if left to our own , with no goal in mind to work towards , it would take 15 years for us to get at the level at which joining the euro is beneficial . 
  but setting a much tighter goal pushes for change , and we must not be left to our own . 
  2021 is tight , politicians will need to scramble and actually do something to make it happen , and that 's what we need , pressure for change . 
  if anything , i regret the whole immigration and greece issues which have tarnished eu 's reputation in romania , because if less people want the eu , then we 're left without a clear goal in our collective minds , and the politicians can go back to being lazy af . 
  the eurozone might need to die , but the dream of being like western europe ( and that meant , so far , joining the eu and then the eurozone ) has pushed for some changes that would 've never happened if in our typical neutrality we 'd 've let ourselves be divisively influenced by different parties ( russia ) . 
  look at ukraine . 
  that 's what happens when you let the typical eastern stagnation settle in . 
  but from one point of view it 's true . 
  we need a bigger economy , we need less corruption , we need to wait for the political class to transition more . 
  but i 'd want for the new target to be no later than maybe 2021 especially because we need some things to change , and adhering to the euro pushes for that change . 
  right now , it does n't even matter if we benefit more from not joining the euro , because the simple pressure for changing the status quo in order to fit will have more long-term beneficial consequences than joining the eurozone . 
  things need to keep changing , and the goal of the euro is something this change can happen upon . 
  the book postulates that because of russian aggression ( which in 2008 was n't apparent , but now is ) turkey gets to scapegoat them into exerting its influence in the middle east and bringing arab countries on its side . 
  they do n't , but some people in japan are trying to change that .
