  if the germans love her so much and are keen on aiding the immigrants , they can do that all they want , but do n't force other people to do it . 
  if these immigrants would 've come to romania as real refugees and asked for asylum , they would 've been granted . 
  but a common line of thought amongst east europeans on this matter is that we see these immigrants and we instantly recognize the economic vulturism we see in our gypsies . 
  you ca n't pretend to be miserable to someone who was miserable , romanians and most our neighbours will have nothing to do with it . 
  but believe me when i say , if we 'd see them as refugees ( that means , if they were real refugees ) there 'd be a lot of sympathy for them here . 
  you are naive . 
  but what do you mean ? 
  norway is a pretty feministic country . 
  if it were norwegians who would 've put that girl through that hell , i 'd imagine rallies would gather against them and cry not enough years were given to those men . 
  when people from this country came to western europe , nobody had any sympathy for them . 
  but economic migrants from ghana get to be picky about their temporary accommodations . 
  i 'm getting awfully tired of this ... bullshit , bluntly . 
  people rush to the `` salvation '' of this immigrants in need of moral superiority . 
  `` look how righteous and good we are '' . 
  no thought of the actual consequences . 
  depressing . 
  and in this respect , very racist . 
  well ... how is n't that racist but worrying about the immigrants is ? 
  i was reading about protests in hungary , and kept thinking * merkel will soon have blood on her hands * . 
  then i saw this . 
  it 's on her . 
  think about it : relying on the power of their numbers and thus feeling adequately entitled , the immigrants will soon pin tragic deaths like this one on us , they will violently act as if their collective well being is our responsibility , because they can , because we have allowed it . 
  things will get really bad on all sides really fast . 
  i wish i 'd rather had her blood on my hands . 
  what she started will be the end of a peaceful europe as we know it . 
  fuck you merkel . 
  be prepared to be downvoted . 
  because there is a debilitating war in syria , and in other countries from which the migrants come there is n't one . 
  because ( downvotes ensured ) , obviously , most are not syrian - whilst , indeed , some syrians do lose them . 
  what people do n't get is that governments usually do n't give 2 molecules of fecal matter for their own citizens , when they do good things for their own people it 's usually collateral . 
  we know all to well the politicians serve the benevolent corrupt , the corporations , the banks etc. 
  how can one think these institutions truly care about these migrants/refugees ? 
  have n't people learnt by now that usually good morals and ethics prevent one from having a successful career in politics , and such they are reserved for the masses underneath , and are usually used as control tools ? 
  what i find truly racist is the white people 's disposition to prove moral superiority . 
  `` we 'll take these refugees , because those pesky arabs in the gulf wo n't take em !, 
  look how righteous and morally superior we are ! '', 
  is n't that most of reddit , though ? 
  if you have the occasion to talk to one of them and make them warm up on you , pull this out of them : they do n't pay * that * much . 
  they inflate details such as this so it appears they are more desperate and entitled to more sympathy . 
  i welcome the downvotes , the fact that they claim to have given more money than they did will be well known fast enough anyway . 
  these people come from a culture in which death is a punishment one can easily get . 
  these people have been around slit throats and pile of corpses for a couple of years now , they do n't register the tragedy of death the way we do . 
  they also feel like they have nothing to fear , now being in a foreign land . 
  they feel like they do not have accountability . 
  the more will come , the bigger the strain on europe will be , the more desperate these immigrants will become , the more murders and muggings they will commit . 
  as a result , violence will be a norm , but maybe not on a huge scale . 
  there is one more thing to all of this : i wish i were putin , right now . 
  i 'd be laughing and waiting . 
  soon enough , the puny e.u states will be too busy sorting this mess out to be able to do anything about ukraine , the baltics , transnistria , anything , really . 
  this could be a source of probable violence nobody is thinking about right now . 
  do n't try lecturing the ` murican on freedom and democracy . 
  i reckon you have better luck talking an islamist out of his faith . 
  great job germany !, 
  if this whole deal is your masterplan for making another hitler arise and have your revenge match with the world , i can guess by now it will work damn well . 
  astonishing ... 
  because i know it is useless trying to change the minds of the likes of you . 
  and since i ca n't change it , and the only person people like you listen on such occasions are themselves , i gave you a genuine advice to dig deeper than those basic micro and macro courses with a critical eye . 
  you either do or you do n't , only you stand to loose or gain , i wo n't waste time with a pointless discussion . 
  take what you wish from this all . 
  i 'm mastering in international economics , i can do more than google for studies which confirm my beliefs on notions i have poorly assimilated . 
  you know nothing of economics . 
  i ask of you , for your own well being , to actually study economics so you will have a better understanding of the reality and also not lead people who do not know any better to wrong conclusions . 
  you can ( and almost certainly will ) reply with ad-hominems , but regardless of what you think of me , take my advice . 
  dafuq you on , man ? 
  edit : read your other comments ... 
  i bet you 're at most half austrian , and live for the most part in the u.s.a. . you have that certain combination of arrogantness and cluelessness specific of a u.s.a idiot . 
  neither in most e.u. 
  countries . 
  in actuality , if it happens you 're from east europe and go to the west to work , be a productive member of the society , in full legality and with best intentions , almost nobody will have a good word for you . 
  in the west , it only matters that you 're poor if you are not white . 
  i really do n't know : anything relatively worrying that happened in afghanistan recently ? 
  only after , in fear of a coalition of muslim nations , we form the european expeditionary army to occupy , pacify and guide towards civilization various african and asian countries , and totally coincidentally rival usa 's grip on foreign oil . 
  then we elect angela as our european president . 
  and seeing how progressive we are for electing a woman , the americans will get jealous and also elect a woman . 
  but that is only a ploy to weaken the u.s and get it under e.u. 
  domination . 
  all white folk will welcome our new overlord , now named godla . 
  we will fight the misogynistic communists of the far east for supremacy in the martian mining business . 
  the backwards chinese patriarchy will attempt to destabilize the european east mars company , also known as ultor . 
  you are now a poor man named parker seeking a better future in the mining colonies on mars . 
  a plague hits the miners and you find yourself at the center of a revolution . 
  i think you are ill-informed . 
  i 've never heard anyone say `` 3 room apartments '' mentioning what you described . 
  what you described is called a `` bedsit '' . 
  when counting rooms of an apartment , it means everything except the kitchen ( unless the living is an open-space ) , the bathrooms , the balconies . 
  each of those are counted separately . 
  have n't thought of the privacy one . 
  but i concur , the highest in our society have done the math and got a result . 
  what made me realize there must be a lot more to this whole story was seeing toptier politicians ( such as angela merkel ) suddenly supporting this wave of immigration , even though we can all remember the video with her and the little refugee girl from a few months ago . 
  it already has . 
  * puts on tinfoil hat * no , she is trying to give everyone in western europe a common enemy . 
  she is * not * an idiot . 
  she knows these people will create their own communities wherever they go , they will not assimilate and cultural clashes will be inevitable . 
  this is already happening . 
  she wants as many european nations as possible dragged into this , european citizens have lost the sense of common purpose , with the grexit crisis and all , a lot of people lost their faith european unity , a thing that may be superficially restored when people stop thinking `` germans vs greek '' and think `` european vs refugee '' . 
  also , people in distress because of minorities will start leaning to the far right . 
  people will feel threatened , and such they will be predictable . 
  when everybody just wants for the whole refugee crisis to end , you will know how to get your votes : `` i will end the refugee crisis '' . 
  you know how i know they were not refugees ? 
  they were mostly adult males .
