  i do n't care . 
  first of all , you know-it-all twat , it 's actually far-left politics who are classically defined as being anti-globalization and anti-eu in europe , historically speaking . 
  secondly , omniscient 36 year old , bombing and war can be tied to anything , not to the extreme right , but anything . 
  iraq was invaded on economic reasons , american civil war was fought over human rights , and the biggest killers in history are the communists , which are extreme left . 
   women 's rights , oppression under tyranny and human rights violations in foreign countries are not things that nationalist bigots normally are concerning themselves with . 
  nationalists are n't inherently bigoted , patriotism can be a tool to justify things done with underlying motives , but the knife is n't the killer , the man is the killer . 
  furthermore , nationalistic sentiments have been used throughout history to make an ethnic minority rise to oppressive governments and form their own little nation in which they can live in peace . 
   if radicalism stayed in the middle east , then it 's normally only the left that tries to deal with those problems . 
  through education , anti-poverty measurements , life improvements . 
  because we know that works . 
  what the fuck ?? 
  leftist governments have been in power in european nations for quite a while and nobody lifted a finger to find a solution to the syrian crisis . 
  also , history , since you claim to know so much history . 
  have you ever heard of the soviet -- afghan war ? 
  soviets are left , the afghani fighting for their autonomy and their rights ( as the soviet controlled administration started executing people in the tenths of thousands ) supported by arab princes , monarchies being of right politics . 
  afghans fighting their leftist oppressors by harnessing nationalistic fervor . 
   the reason that these radical ( islamic ) ideas are in the west is directly related to western foreign policies that extreme right wing nationalist parties and anti-muslim sentiment advocates for ( war , bombing , eradication , etc. ), 
  this is fucking dumb and un-nuanced to absurdity . 
  only extremely fringe , small , and not taken seriously extreme right parties in eu have an open-anti islamic rhetoric , and they got bigger now because muslims do the bombing . 
  not the europeans , muslims do the bombings in europe . 
  the extreme right of europe has nothing to do with radical islam in the west . 
  if you claim otherwise , the burden of proof is on you , because you are making the claim , so please , give me some examples of what so-called '' * right wing nationalist parties * '' bombed someone in the middle east , once in power , because they went `` fuck yeah we 're switzerland !, 
  we 'll bomb you , we do n't care !!, 
  or give me examples of these `` right wing nationalist parties '' coming out and saying `` yeah , we should totally go to war with the middle east , or at least bomb them '' . 
  if there are any , they are made by extremely small parties and if you 'd take any of the isis guys that were arrested before they could do their terror acts and ask them `` do you know who this european politician is ? '', 
  he wo n't know , they do n't care because that is not why they do it . 
  this is if there were any said statements by politicians . 
   i go so far as to specifically mention sources . 
  you source the claims of isis , which are a fucking terrorist organization with no grasp of reality . 
  that means , you are either an isis apologist or you do n't understand what an irrelevant source is . 
  and about the rest of it , i do n't care for facts that you can find on google , which are irrelevant to the subject , which you already admitted you put there to prove you know your shit . 
  you do n't . 
  maslow 's pyramid is n't even a scientifically accurate concept , it 's a management concept , corporate management is , weirdly , the only place in which maslow 's pyramid is actively used . 
  oh , and it also remains used by pseudo-intellectuals who do n't know better . 
  and i really regret taking these 5 minutes to respond to you . 
  your breadth of knowledge is simply not worth my time . 
  also , i advise you to be less transparent . 
  the only way i 'd believe you 're 36 is if you are of a practicing muslim or at least of arab or african descend , and thus your heavy bias . 
  ask him if he 's a muslim or of arab descent . 
  well , now that you know what one is ... 
  what does conservatives have to do with what i said ? 
  ^ ^ ^ that is a strawman . 
  i said nothing about how greeks are or behave , you did !, 
  i 'm pro eu to the bone , never claimed that the conservatives/nationalists want eu , quite the contrary , said they do what they always did , i never mentioned nor do i or most of what i wrote have anything to do with what you 're saying . 
  you 're disingenuous . 
  it has really nothing to do with my point . 
  conservatives/nationalist held no real power until more recently . 
  and it 's not about them , and you know it . 
  they 'll do what they always did . 
  and they were minority , a sizeable one , but a minority . 
  it 's about some of the middle ground people , the biggest group , who get swayed away from unity because of these events . 
  greece is getting isolated with all the newcomers by austria , with germany 's tacit blessing , after they facilitated this mess in the first round without a plan and without any sort of larger approval anyway . 
  you tell me these bits of information do n't make the greeks even more pissed at the germans ? 
  of course they do , but you 'll disingenuously claim otherwise . 
  you know what is nonsense ? 
  straw man arguments and divorcing effects from their causes . 
  there are sources everywhere , there 's no burden of proof on those who point out that the terrorists came with the refugees , because officials identified the guys as both refugees and belgian citizens under different names - thus the conclusion being that they went to syria and came back with the refugees with false ids , like most refugees . 
  and i fucking find it horrible on your part that you do know what the op was talking about , but you first pretend like you do n't know it , and then you say `` oh yeah , but lem me put burden of proof on you unnecessarily '' . 
  here 's another reason why unmitigated immigration fucked things up : trust between eu nations . 
  some countries acted unilaterally and later tried to impose their will on others , backchanneling , media manipulation and social tensions in high immigrant concentration areas . 
  basically , it diminished unity in a time we really , really need it . 
  and why ? 
  because some self-deluded , feel-goodsy idiots wanted to be the bastion of morality . 
  wow , there 's so much wrong in your post , i could n't get past half of it ... 
  the left only concerning with humanitarian issues whilst the right advocating for bombing and war ... what the actual fuck , lol ... 
  i 'm not trying to be condescending kid , but ... woah ... and i also wo n't waste my time annoying myself trying to be sensible towards you when i know you 'll just try to cock yourself up . 
  but i appreciate the effort . 
  ahh , teenage spirit . 
  edit : i read a bit more , i find it funny how you tried to shoehorn as many references as possible to prove you know things , lol, 
  you 're not bad for a muslim yourself . 
  and here i thought all muslims are terrorists . 
  what am i gon na do with my life now ? 
  anything to prove you 're right to strangers on the internet . 
  actually ... yes ... a ( not so ) cursory inspection of the individual 's account proves my theory ... 
  so you think i 'm prejudiced because i 'm romanian ... oh , the irony . 
  i guess he 's just a teenager , probably has n't finished high school yet , he think he 's quite smart and educated , and he might even be for his age compared to what nutheads he has in his class , but he speaks with a confidence his knowledge does yet not warrants in that post . 
  but it 's ok , he 'll have time to grow and learn and be wiser . 
  on the other hand , we need to not get up in arms at these guys and also know how to filter their relevancy ( or lack of ) in these discussions . 
  what 's with this post ? 
  you 're whole point , in my eyes at least , fell apart after `` isis took responsibility for brussels '' , when the mosque of glasgow openly congratulated the act ... also , you speak a lot about things you really should research more ... take this however you want . 
  as opposed to articles for left-wingers which are never clickbait and made to look moderately intellectual whilst actually being a feelz-y shit made to pander to 18 yo college kids ? 
  wow , way of projecting . 
  u wot m8 ? 
  not in eastern europe . 
  we do n't give a fuck . 
  some butthurt women sometimes do proclaim that they 're `` feminists '' with pride , but either nobody takes them seriously or they get made fun of for a good dose of getting with their feet on the ground . 
  as a result , things such as `` ban sexist traditions '' have n't caught on with our feminists ... yet ... 
  you 're talking out of ass , you 're contradicting yourself and making claims with no support . 
  and do n't fret , if you want i can tell you what are my presumed biases ( well known by this sub , as they 've been unsuccessfully been brought up before ) if you explain how any of them pertain to what i 've said in this discussion . 
  wholly irrelevant to what i was saying . 
  you are kidding , right ? 
  that 's such a false equivalence , totally ignoring cause and effect , as the other reply also point out . 
  now you 're just being dishonest . 
  what would n't turkey like ? 
  handing over at least part of the responsibility for the refugee camps to people willing to commit more ? 
  having somebody else commit resources to maintain order in the camps ? 
  and on top of that , having refugees gradually clearing up from the camps ? 
  as i already detailed , you are biased to the extreme and you do n't even know what you 're saying . 
  and your fantasy is what , that people in host countries will bend over and mute over such a controversial choice of letting uncontrolled masses rampage through borders ? 
  lol , what a joke .
