  it 's the physical oppression of women , the symbol of their objectification - you belong to me and nobody else sees you - and their lack of choice - you can not opt out of wearing those , attempts to do so generally end in being socially ostracized in the least , physically beaten most of the times . 
  if they can not understand that women are free choose how they dress , take away their ability to choose for their women . 
  those who refuse to adapt are those who would 've refused integration anyway . 
  do you want a germany in which you are n't treated differently because you 're a woman , or do you want a germany in which a significant female population has no choice in how they dress ? 
  lets be fair . 
  it 's not a spider , and this is not lighting the house on fire . 
  you ban nazi symbols because of what they mean , why not ban burkas for the same reason ? 
  [ it 's not at all like that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4z3pzj/burkas_may_be_banned_from_public_places_in_germany/d6t4n72 ) . 
  skirts are in no way the same things as burkas . 
  nothing is . 
  well , do n't let them . 
  that 's my point . 
  there is no fallacy , you got the point . 
  the point was : claiming that changing the laws because of radicals is bad because you 're giving into them * is not a valid criticism * . 
  change is happening , right now , otherwise we would n't be talking about radicals . 
  and you wan na be with your hands on the steering wheel . 
  whether the tornado was an appropriate analogy or not is debatable . 
  well , you 're currently only giving them the liberty to spread hate for you and to beat their wives and control how they dress . 
  people respect power . 
  you show none . 
  start there . 
  as they fall in line , educate them . 
  you will never succeed in integrating them if you 're weak . 
  it 's antithetical . 
  so you just give up ? 
  you know that with this attitude you 're losing either way . 
  who gets more people to support their ideology ? 
  the extreme imams ? 
  deport them , arrest them . 
  they have hard-core followers ? 
  those too . 
  cleanse your country of those who hate it and hate you and want to see it all burn . 
  these people have no place in your country . 
  if they 're set on hating you and imposing their way of life , they 'll do it regardless of what you do . 
  do n't be weak-willed pushovers . 
  so if they cry oppression , what ? 
  you guys ca n't handle that ? 
  cry `` oppression '' and you fold ? 
  what are they gon na do ? 
  break the law ? 
  woosh , in prison with you !, 
  refuse to work ? 
  adapt or wither . 
  germany is currently starting to wither , apparently , if you fold to the thought of people crying `` oppression '' . 
  i 'm in my house , i see a tornado coming right in this direction . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's gon na wreck the house and it might kill me if it catches me in its path . 
  clearly , a change is brought upon me . 
  change is inevitable . 
  something will change , no matter what , things are in motion , it 's clear as day . 
  now , i decide to be the master of my own destiny . 
  i could think : 1 ) i 'm not gon na let a tornado be the boss of me !, 
  my choices are mine , i own up my changes and not gon na let a tornado dictate how i live !, 
  of course , the tornado came , ravaged my house and i nearly die . 
  things have clearly changed . 
  i still live in my house , but the furnishing is gone , tv is broken , no roof , etc. 
  and i have a piece of wood stuck in my back , i 'm slowly bleeding to death . 
  * or i could think * 2 ) it 's tragic that a tornado is gon na dictate how i live , but change is inevitable . 
  a tornado is a tornado . 
  so i grab what i can and run from its way . 
  i come back later , change is clearly enacted , the tornado ravaged my house etc. 
  but at least i am unharmed . 
  change is happening anyway . 
  you 'd much rather take the steering wheel when it happens . 
  it does n't matter , in the end , why they 're doing it . 
  of course they 're doing it for the votes , they 're politicians , but it 's a good thing . 
  protecting german values . 
  it has nothing to do with oppressing religious freedom . 
  think in the long run : would you rather protect `` religious freedom '' if that religion goes against a social modus operandi of secularism and equality ? 
  because if yes , i 'm moving to germany , converting to a religion in which i must take multiple wives so that for the rest of their lives they can only use one word : my name ( kinda lika hodor says hodor ) , and must greet 5 times each person they see looks at them ( of course , the greeting is my name ) . 
  otherwise me , my family , their family , we will all severely ostracize them . 
  think this is stupid ? 
  think it 's deaming ? 
  ** well , it 's the freedom you defend for this religion whilst secretly being thankful you were n't born in it . 
  ** you do n't oppress religious freedom . 
  germany has a few clear cut objectives , as a society : 1 ) in the way things are run , secular rationality  religious belief . 
  2 ) social and cultural equality between genders . 
  muslim women do not have the choice of not wearing what they 're told to wear . 
  are there to signal that a woman is a man 's property . 
  read this again : muslim women do not have the choice of not wearing what they 're told . 
  this goes directly against 2 ) . 
  not only it creates a clear separation between a man and a woman , it is the objectification of women . 
  if you do not agree with this , then you must not understand what the role of these clothes are . 
  read that , then return to this comment . 
  if by any margin germans wish to maintain number 1 ) , these clothes must be banned . 
  you are not oppressing a religion , you are banning a culturally enforced lack of choice for women which is against germany 's goal of striving towards gender equality . 
  you *** are not oppressing religious freedom because muslim women are not free to choose what they wear *** . 
  maybe some want to wear those , maybe some do n't . 
  but we do n't know that , the freedom of choice to wear or to not wear them is not there for them . 
  you are not defending a freedom , you 're defending an arbitrary set of rules which oppresses women in your country . 
  by extension , ** you are contributing to those women 's oppression ** . 
  what this ban achieves is ensuring that people get in line with germany 's values . 
  forcefully , if necessary . 
  edit : i assume those who downvote do not even take the time to read the ( long , i admit ) post . 
  again , i 'd like people to engage with counter-arguments . 
  let 's challenge each other intellectually and see all sides of this issue instead of just voting with what feels right . 
  it does n't have to relate to recent terrorist attacks . 
  why should it ? 
  it enforces lack of choice for women in a country which strives to eradicate social and cultural prejudice and differences between men and women . 
  so you say allowing people to enforce even worse social structures is ok ? 
  also , the cost of not being feminine in the west is much lower than not abiding to the social structures in the muslim culture , not to mention that they are much stricter .
