  the best course of action for everyone is to tone down the antirussia rhetoric for a couple of years , let them chill , and then infiltrate their social media , their news channels etc. 
  move the infowar battleground on their land . 
  let the people reform their own nation . 
  edit : i 'm really stupid when i 'm tired . 
  yeah , that 's gross . 
  it 's 236 eur net . 
  they did ? 
  320 gross , not net , right ? 
  well , thanks for pointing that out to me . 
  that 's definitely troublesome . 
  i still do n't believe that that 's the general labor situation in the whole eu , i still believe that in general the eu has far better labor laws than most places on the planet . 
  that does n't exclude particular situations like this happening . 
  though i might be very wrong . 
  any further suggestions for me to read towards the contrary ? 
  thanks !, 
  i think he 's being disingenuous . 
  poor labor laws compared to ... what ? 
  asia ? 
  the americas ? 
  africa ? 
  the eu , at least in specific parts , has some of the strongest labor laws anywhere on the planet . 
  there is a point in which taxation and labor laws can absolutely strangle economic progress . 
  especially on a global market in which developed countries simply get outcompeted on wages and regulations . 
  but europe as it is , with the economic history it has and past its global prime needs strong labor laws . 
  and i think it still has them . 
  plenty of room to improve , though . 
  the people in the street have turned into sharks . 
  and they sensed blood in the water . 
  i think they wan na go for the kill . 
  i think we 're starting ( and the politicians also ) to understand that they 're the fish . 
  they 're there to serve our needs , not the other way around . 
  the romanian shark has hit puberty . 
  time to clean the waters . 
  ha , made me laugh . 
  i know i should n't have :(, 
  i do n't think it really matters , a lot of people did not go out to protest for whatever reason , even though they are in complete agreement with the protest . 
  i 'd love for people to just stop paying taxes . 
  it 's ok for each of you to steal 200k from us , you slimy shitbag fucks ? 
  steal from what ? 
  stop reporting to the fisc , stop paying property tax , stop billing , the government can go fuck itself . 
  all of the employees in the public sector who 've been allowed to occasionally lick the candy stolen from the taxpayers ' hands can either get behind us understanding that the less politicians steal , the bigger their salary and pension is , or they can join these shitheads in exile , for all i care . 
  i 'd be shitting my pants if i were dragnea . 
  i hope he runs through all of his underwear tonight . 
  nobody should make the mistake of thinking these politicians protest because they care . 
  they do n't , at least not the pnl . 
  they just want to be on the right side of history . 
  they do n't have the infrastructure , the logistics , the financing nor the sheer size of psd , they could n't handle what psd is doing . 
  politically speaking , they have no other choice but to protest . 
  edit : if you think that pnl ( who has plenty of problems with the law itself ) cares , nothing will change in this country , ever . 
  stop being naive . 
  look , i clearly did n't think it through , because i did n't want to , lmao !, 
  and i wanted it to be barbaric . 
  you just ca n't be light handed with these guys , the corrupt politicians . 
  i 'm sorry , but you just ca n't . 
  one hundred thousand people protesting , and in the middle of it all , they still sign the damn thing . 
  i do n't necessarily hate them , i get it . 
  people will generally go as far as they can . 
  if i were granted presidential power in the state , still that 's what i 'd do . 
  there needs to be an understanding of the gravity of it all , there needs to be a semblance of karma . 
  i wish klaus had the balls to do this . 
  it 's a very dangerous precedent , but he should instate martial law , revoke the bill , arrest those who were freed for re-examination , and give them a fair trial with 2 options : 1 ) you either confess , an evaluation will be taken for the money you made to see which of it is corrupt money . 
  the corrupt money will be taken from you and put in a separate fund . 
  you will never be able to hold a job in the public sector , you ca n't be a police officer , fireman , bureaucrat , nothing . 
  you are given a job at a public cleaning/sanitation company , which you must hold for 2 years , then you are free to quit and find a job in the private sector . 
  2 ) you do not confess , you instead apply for trial . 
  if you are found guilty , your status as a citizen of romania shall be stripped from you , all the possessions you have and those that first degree relatives have will be taken from you , all recently traded goods/money will be taken from current owners which are to be compensated ( probably by the bcr in a form of interest ) . 
  continuing , you will be exiled from the territory of romania and banned from any judicial relation with a romanian entity of any kind or form . 
  make me president for a week , i 'll fucking do it . 
  then i 'll hang myself , lmao . 
  no , no money into this . 
  money should n't be brought into this . 
  that is extremely dangerous on the long run and the short run , it can be used as a tactic to discredit ( `` foreign money '' ) and it is against the spirit of the protests . 
  people are willing to sacrifice and protest out of conviction , and that 's where the protest 's strength comes from . 
  if you wan na help , share the story . 
  make people in the country you live aware of what is happening here . 
  what would the answer be , were you to speculate ? 
  i find that to be even equally interesting , lol, 
  i 'm with you on that one . 
  you are preaching to the choir . 
  also , if you have any doubt in your heart regarding the eu having deep systemic problems ... you 're in for a huge disappointment, 
  it 's not conflating . 
  it 's a natural association . 
  person a gets fed up with immigration . 
  person a also hears from eu officials that they want to keep doing more of the same , aka more immigration . 
  person a says `` fuk the eu !! '', 
  maybe the eu should be more representative of its peoples ' wishes , that would solve its problems . 
  right now , individual strong countries like germany can poster up and satisfy the wishes of its voters , making smaller countries bend the knee . 
  the eu has deep systemic problems . 
  people turning against the eu is a consequence of eus problems . 
  and officials either start looking at it in this way , or bye bye . 
  its done . 
  it says a lot when people very openly prefer mad shit like brexit and trump over more of the same ... 
  i would n't blame the people ... 
  yeah , look , i agree with you , but lets be honest with ourselves . 
  every recent president has done the same , presidents owe an alliegence to their party first , donors ( closely ) second , the people last . 
  again , lets be honest , in some us sanctuary cities you can vote basically with no id , and the dems have exploited this before . 
  this is not some conspiracy , this is well known politics . 
  the voter id laws and everything else is just the pushback from the reps , cause its their turn now at the office . 
  there 's a land market going on reddit comments . 
  you are either in with the comments early , or you hijack a thread , or you need to grab attention somehow , otherwise you do n't get visibility , your comments will be drowned out .
