  consequentially , people being afraid with their lives to offend you is a fucking great deal of power . 
  you can opt out of a preemptively because you got problems that you think a might make worse in the future , without necessarily thinking that a is to blame for your current problems . 
  especially when you think you might overall be in a better negotiation place if you preemptively opt out of a ( whether that 's the case or not , we 'll see in a couple of decades ) . 
  anyway , it 's a different motivation than blaming for past and present issues . 
  and people feel it and know it even though they might not be educated enough to articulate the difference between the two , which seems to not be so apparent since not even you with that wall of knowledge did n't pick up on it . 
  eu imported millions of muslim immigrants which then wanted to distribute to all member states . 
  i think it 's safe to assume that this played a role in brexit . 
  this is one data point . 
  i imagine brits wan na go back to being an island because of romanians as much as because of other non-european immigrants . 
  so there you go , his life was placed in jeopardy by someone whom he also wants out of britain , theoretically . 
  so disdain for a religious paradigm that dictates you 're inferior and to be held in contempt , a subhuman to be subdued because you 're not a part of that paradigm is irrational ? 
  who said anything about merkel ? 
  that 's not true . 
  romanians ( especially the younger ones ) have respect for russia but really really dislike it and distrust it . 
  nobody is really pro-russia in the political sense , i do n't know a single person i believe in my life who 's ever said `` screw the eu , russia is love '', 
  it 's not a phobia . 
  that term is retarded . 
  otherwise , i agree with you . 
  terror would only increase because there 's no political capital in europe to strong arm the saudis . 
  the logical conclusion of increased escalation would mean a swift end of the saudi regime , realistically speaking . 
  this can be done the easy way ( preemptively ) or the hard way ( reactionary , eye for an eye , a lot of blood spilled , until critical escalation is reached , at which point it 's safer to execute swiftly than risk nuclear conflict ) . 
  the saudis and the terrorists know that europeans just do n't have it in them anymore , as exemplified by your defeatist conclusion of where ending cooperation would lead ( us losing , and thus losing either way ) . 
  and generally speaking , this is the result . 
  people getting killed because the cost of killing is '' #staystrong '' trending on social media . 
  innocence is not a virtue , it 's just glorified unwillingness to power . 
  having strength and using it wisely , that is a virtue . 
  modern europeans do n't seem to believe in strength . 
  so this is our future . 
  submission . 
  alternatively , instead of submission we might get insane snapping and retaliation , which is much worse and equally pitiful . 
  i never claimed that the state of my country has anything to do with taxes , that was my point from the beginning . 
  norway is one of the happiest and most equal countries because it enjoyed relative social cohesion for thousands of years , relative border security given by the landscape , a climate that incentivezez cooperation and the discovery of abundance of the most important natural resource in the modern age . 
  comparing that with a balkan country pulled , pushed and tugged by powers originating from 3 continents , who 's been used as a slave mine and depleted of its natural resources ( gold and petrol ) by said foreign overlords , whose ethnic majority inhabitants ( modern day romanians ) did n't enjoy political rights until 150 years ago , thus a political culture of corruption being incentivized ... well , it 's not a fair comparison . 
  the concept of taxes is irrelevant to your comparison . 
  i 'm pretty sure norway would be a relatively happy and equal country even if you disposed of the notion of taxes . 
  something else would crop up because that 's what your culture is . 
  it has 0 to do with taxes . 
  lol , i 'm tired of you kneejerk ideologues . 
  i clearly said in the first sentence of the first post that i understand the utility of taxes , but the act of paying them annoys me because of corruption and thus if i were rich it would annoy me even more . 
  since we do n't live in an utopian world and we never will , every practical problem with taxes is an conceptual problem as well . 
  it 's not about getting ahead , it 's not about getting richer . 
  you 're literally projecting a discussion that was n't had there . 
  i was just noting that i dislike paying taxes in romania because i know the romanian politicians squabble the money , steal it and bribe votes with it , meanwhile hospitals and schools go to shit , we 're taking on debt etc. 
  the private sector here is funding the state mafia with its taxes . 
  that 's just the reality . 
  almost nothing good is done with the tax money , and whenever they need to finance something they legislate new taxes or new tax codes . 
  that 's one sure way for everyone to get poorer now and continuously for another 50 years . 
  sure , i see what you mean . 
  i just had to discard all common sense , rational understanding of geopolitics at my disposal to understand what you imply , but yeah . 
  this is a bit ridiculous , lmao, 
  i 'm not rich , but man do taxes piss me off , even though i understand their utility . 
  if i were rich , i 'd be mad losing so much money ... 
  although this is mainly through my romanian perspective . 
  i hate it so much that when i pay my taxes i know a good chunk of it is nothing more than corruption funds for the politicians , money they will steal or give away to their electorate in social programs to secure their vote and never actually do anything good with it . 
  what a waste . 
  here taxes feel like the state is holding the private economic sector hostage for blood , like that dude in mad max . 
  i 'm not a modern liberal but i am a bremoaner, 
  bremainers ( largely modern liberals ) do n't actually wan na see brexit be any semblance if a success story because it would shake their beliefs and worldview to the core . 
  but that 's completely human . 
  humans would rather see countries fail than challenge their fundamental presuppositions about the world they live in , because that means to your brain that it knows nothing and nothing it ever did until then was within any certainty and security it thought it had and it 's existence relied on pure luck of circumstances , which is n't a good survival tactic . 
  none of which did anything illegal as far as i know ? 
  bad publicity/pr is n't a crime, 
  try to at least be original the next time ... and also , generally speaking , if you write something , make sure it has a point . 
  canada 's only neighbor is the usa , of course they can be selective , of f * ckin course artificial immigration is encouraged for them as a result ( implicitly , the ideological paradigm for immigration is fed to the populace , of course , and it makes sense ) . 
  but there 's more ... 
  these people , they have a fire in them , they 'll ignore proof and be idiotic on purpose , fully self-aware , like they 've got nothing to lose . 
  it just feels like they hate everything the west 's structure is predicated on and they wan na see it burn in a nihilistic , orgiastic hurricane of chaos . 
  their fundamental line of argumentation is : `` chaos is good for you , accept it !!! '', 
  and they push that with a vengeance . 
  and one thing i noticed is they do n't want you calling out their chaos by name : `` chaos '' . 
  they 'll do it themselves in their articles and their parade it as a virtue in their circlejerks , but they 'll harp on your throat like hungry monsters if you do it in an opposing stance : `` it 's not chaos , you 're just paranoid , and if it was , what 's the problem ? '', 
  i just do n't get why their teeth are clenched so hard . 
  lol , people wan na come to paris because of it 's historical importance and unique beauty in the world , which is slowly dying away . 
  there 's nothing eternal about its beauty , moreover it can be offset by many things . 
  things such as growing crime rates and it becoming dirtier and more garbage infested by the year . 
  your line of reasoning can logically only come from a weird hubris , arrogance , or from a desperate ideological stance . 
  my bet is a mix of the two . 
  oh , and btw , any cursory look at paris ' demographics and immigration history will tell you that : 1 ) migration to paris currently has a lowering growth 2 ) the momentum that it still has is maintained by erm ... socioeconomically-unintegratable populations , to put it that way ... 
  it is a straw man because nobody says there was n't sexual harassment before the surge of migrants . 
  that does n't say anything about the increase in sexual harassment disproportionately associated with said surge of migrants . 
  you have to be really , really dumb or dishonest to argue that it does n't matter that x is way worse now because of a , since we had some levels of x before a. 
  ask me about sources on migrant related sexual harassment . 
  i dare you , i double dare you . 
  you are one disingenuous , sick sob and because of people like you things will get much , much worse before they get any better . 
  yep . 
  i just wan na wreck the face of that patriarch piece of shit daniel . 
  god he has a punchable face, 
  yeah , but many were identified as students of berkeley ... and we know at least two professors by name that participated in those riots and edged the students . 
  there 's also plenty of videos on twitter and youtube in which people go to the police during the violence and question them why do n't they intervene . 
  they respond with `` we were told so '' , `` i 'd love to have an answer but you 're asking the wrong person '' etc. 
  during the first manifestation , the night one , the police was downstairs in the cafeteria whilst hell was unleashing at ground level with beatings and arson . 
  the mayor of berkley was found to be in antifa facebook groups . 
  a youtube or google search is suffice to find both images and videos . 
  you can also search for the coverage it received from the media , they downplayed the violence that took place and tried to portray the `` protests '' as justified the first time they happened , not acknowledging the hospitalizations count and only playing aerial footage , none of the footage spread on the internet of what was actually going on . 
  the subsequent times the media just did n't cover the riots altogether . 
  just search for it . 
  this is really common knowledge , the discussions surrounding the incidents have moved pass this point , there 's nothing debatable there . 
  paradoxically also the most tolerant and open . 
  try pull that shit somewhere else other than the west . 
  what the hell ?
