  but you 're so wrong on this one ... 
  what ? 
  i 'm starting to lose the potential of my patience , bit by bit , when i constantly read replies so intellectually dishonest and with clear agendas just arguing with no intention of ever reaching an objective truth consensus , but always pushing one idea or another ... we were , forcefully , an ally of nazi germany . 
  forcefully because of antonescu , and also because * russia pushed us towards an alliance with the nazi when they claimed basarabia , again * !, 
  as a consequence , the romanian army did what the german command ordered . 
  that 's not to be an apologist , but here 's the thing : the massacres that the romanians took part in were against jews . 
  not russians . 
  and the soviets were pretty anti-semite themselves , they were n't shitty with romania because of that , be real . 
  russia claimed our territory at the start of ww2 , fucking made the government collapse , which fucking left a fucking vacuum of power which the fucking fascists took advantage of and then they fucking allied with the nazi , all because russia just had to claim our territory again . 
  then the red army lost on our front and we did what it 's done in a war : you push forward . 
  that does not justify the constant shit my country has taken since forever from russia . 
  the guts you have to make those claims speaks volumes about you . 
  * people were afraid of russia and responded accordingly to their aggression after we just managed , for the first time in our pathetic history , to make a country for ourselves , so we beat the russians back with the expected fervor * . 
  and here 's the cool part : nothing 's changed . 
  russia tries to do shit to us , each time we 'll flip them off however we can . 
  yes , turkish boy , and isis attacks in paris are on turkish people then , that includes you , by your logic . 
  and do n't try to contradict me unless you want to contradict yourself . 
  any mental gymnastics you try to pull off can only make your bias even more obvious at this point . 
  also , for the sake of showing you how dumb your logic is : even if we say it 's france 's problem , why is libya europe 's mess and not just france 's mess ? 
  why do greeks have to suffer ? 
  i tell you why : because you 're an islamic west-hater . 
  russia occupied romania keeping the red army on our territory to ensure their people get the right positions , left after they took all they could of significant value , huge gold reserves from the treasury which were never returned , dismantled our industry and moved equipment over to russia and later instituted the sovroms , which where enterprises meant to relocate resources from romania to the ussr . 
  but this goes even further back ... 
  betrayed us in our independence war , disregarding territorial integrity and forever worked at distancing basarabia from bucharest , although romania had a brief moment of victory after the first world war when it managed to form what would generally be accepted as the historically correct fully unified romanian nation ( ah , the glory days ) , and worked so hard on keeping basarabia that after decades of propaganda wars , the impoverished basarabian people , outside of chisinau , with lackluster education , think that they 're russians and somehow speak a language which is romanian with a heavy accent by coincidence or because of a ( hilariously nonexistent ) romanian colonialist rule over that region , and also the current republic of moldova has been so drained of resources and neglected , that this in combination with the wrong beliefs of some basarabiens have make us , romanians , not be too keen on a possible reunification . 
  so yeah ... have nothing against the russian people , we even admire them in certain respects , but fuck the russian state , and fuck its geopolitical interests . 
  edit : forgot what my original point was . 
  gheorghe gheorghiu dej was at first somewhat of a soviet sympathizer , but he quickly changed into a `` yo russia fuck off '' man after becoming the leader of the state , because of the sovroms and how the soviets tried to undermine romania in every way they could imagine . 
  gg dej was a nationalist , for the better , in this case . 
  he ousted the sovroms and flipped off the russians by showing support to the hungarian uprising of '56 and started investing into romania 's heavy industry , to the frustration of the ussr who had envisioned an eastern european bloc 100 % industrially dependable on russia in exchange for natural resources . 
  unsurprisingly , gg dej died abruptly in '65 after years in which romania sought closer trade relations with the west , many pointing out alleged proof that his unexpected death came from being irradiated whilst in moscow . 
  we all know who his successor was : nicolae ceausescu , which hated the imf and the capitalist banking system , but otherwise , in his naivety , tried to do good by his people until he visited china and north korea and saw how well-off a dictator can be and that his humbleness is misguided - ceausescu was just a not-very-bright peasant boy who , for a time , had his heart in the right place and always believed he did good to the people , of course , that was delusional from a certain point in history - and pushed by his wife , elena , discovered a megalomania in him which made him change the course of internal policies - cult of personality , grandiose projects which were made with foreign loans that made him push severe austerity so that he can repay as quickly as possible , thing which led to his ultimate demise . 
  in a common note with gg dej , ceausescu was also , for the most part , anti-russia . 
  russian intelligence agencies , which have developed a mind of their own for a long time by this point , had plans to destabilize ceausescu 's rule and had a hand in orchestrating the bloody revolution of ' 89 , having men infiltrated in all camps : the party , the army and the revolutionaries , and worked actively in turning everyone against each other by causing chaos . 
  all this to the point : you were right for the most part , but romanian communist dictators were n't really soviet puppets . 
  so , again , the russian state can suck it . 
  then it 's sarkozy 's and obama 's problem , not the problem of some poor greeks , poor germans and poor french people who never got to see a dime from the alleged deal and never had a say in the matter . 
  it 's not europe 's mess . 
  guilt does n't work like that . 
  and if it does , ima strap a bomb and go to turkey to avenge the probable gruesome end one of my ancestors had at the hands of turkish administration some time ago . 
  tired of these shit arguments . 
  the iron curtain was of immense help to western europe , in retrospect : usa 's fear of the russian backdoor into europe , which was the east european communist block , made them invest * heavily * into the reconstruction and consolidation of western europe . 
  the net benefit when looking at the whole europe , west + east is probably not that big ( seeing how the east got the shortest end of the stick ) , but countries like france benefited a lot from the european dichotomy and how it played into america 's fears . 
  so no , the iron curtain itself was , at least from several points of view , not an existential threat . 
  the breaking up of european colonial empires ( which is what i think you mean by decolonization wars ) was indeed an existential threat . 
  and following up the breaking of the european colonies , europe never was and will never be again the leader of this globe . 
  the fact that the empires are gone is good for almost anyone living south of the 30th parallel north , but not for europeans . 
  similarly , this immigration crisis is good news for anyone coming from a third world country to a western nation with well-mannered , naive and kind people , but it 's bad for those people . 
  for the purpose of this discussions , there does n't have to be a muslim culture , just that specific pan-islamic element . 
  and there is . 
  your arguments are the circlejerky ones repeated countlessly in r/islam with no real basis and a strong and clear agenda ... you zealously defending yourself with them does n't help you much ... 
  mate , you 're obviously biased , and you 're fighting a losing war because of that . 
  i 've come to a quite petty but ... fitting answer : envy . 
  they 've been sold a false dichotomy , islam vs west , and that islam is great and insh ` allah and all that , but we 're better off and it fuels their hate of the west . 
  it has nothing to do with that because it 's a bit of both . 
  and it 's not about risk , it 's about probabilities and how they were observed empirically and later turned into a mathematical functions which describes the probable occurrences . 
  it 's not about that . 
  it 's scientifically proven that acts of terror or acts of crime in a region happen in tighter successions as more of them happened . 
  there 's a vid on numberphile about these . 
  something like : you have 1 act in a region , * maybe * you 'll get a second . 
  if you got the second , it 's probable you 'll have a third and maybe a fourth . 
  a third guarantees a fourth , and a fourth guarantees a fifth and a sixth . 
  somehow exponential in the probability of acts of terrorism/violence/crime to occur in a defined region , and it wo n't stop as long as it can go on . 
  in the words of a truly great leftist : it is admirable , but ... mistaken . 
  it wo n't work because i do n't see ideologically minded males agreeing to this ... 
  but i guess it 's better than nothing . 
  truly appreciate the patience of danes . 
  so who said catholicism is n't shitty ? 
  they 're both shitty . 
  but the difference is we 're ( mostly ) not taught from birth that the bible is the law of our society . 
  we have , ha , segregated those . 
  come to the east !, 
  it snows a lot . 
  you 're with some female relatives , colleagues or friends . 
  you take a handful of snow , and unexpectedly rub it in the face of said present females . 
  you get amused by their pitiful attempts at retaliation . 
  tough east european love . 
  hmm ... 
  but currently men retire at 65 and women at 62 ; talking about sexism , ha !, 
  but ... 
  truth is ... most of us are indeed trash . 
  and by that , i mean most of us who come to your country for lower-wage jobs . 
  you have possibly even more trash people in your country , but where can they afford to go in europe and try their luck at rubbing two pennies together ? 
  the uk is a big country with a good economy and opportunities , so they stay there . 
  romania is a smaller country with a smaller economy and undeveloped regions , so they 'll go somewhere else to try their luck . 
  for the little they know how to do ( blue collar work ) they get payed more in your country , but they go exactly because their lack of education and/or skills rendered them without opportunity here , and they bring their lack of education , desperation and lack of care towards surroundings in your country . 
  of course romania , as a country , will fight for its people 's right to immigrate , its in our country 's best interest , but , truly , in your country 's best interest is the opposite . 
  it is indeed totally ridiculous to say : `` all romanians are trash , do n't let them in !, 
  '' , we bring a lot to table in your academia , the brain drain is massive , but saying : `` watch out for free rights to immigrate , because , naturally , disadvantaged people in poorer economies will come here to try their luck and bring with them their contempt and not be able to integrate seamlessly '' is indeed the correct position . 
  from an honest romanian . 
  from 65 to what ? 
  are you on something ? 
  it 's pretty cruel to put a 70 year old to break his back working . 
  man worked all his life , payed his taxes , hits 65 and still can not retire ? 
  you know , there is cat calling going on here . 
  you know who 's the usual culprit ? 
  gypsy boys . 
  i now await my downvotes and trial for being racist . 
  note : not saying romanian ethnics do n't do it , people are dumb regardless of ethnicity . 
  but there is a highly observable difference in proportions , though . 
  i got 1.8 for berlin and 0.9 for bucharest in 2009 ( unodc ) for homicide rates .
