  but is it a surprise that you 're biased on these matters ? 
  not at all . 
  what can we give back more than we already did ? 
  romania had to give to acquisition its biggest companies and most productive assets to foreign companies to enter the eu . 
  we basically ceased any sort of national control over most of our economy to foreign interests , whatever those come to be . 
  sure . 
  but not pushed by germany solely for its own interests pissing on our security whilst having the audacity to claim moral high ground . 
  and you 're not belittling russia 's influence by bypassing that of transit countries . 
  that 's the whole idea . 
  do n't like ukraine ? 
  no problem , check russia through the baltic countries . 
  but as the germans here aptly said , it 's not * as * cheap . 
  so they 're openly admitting they 're discarding others cold for financial reasons . 
  that 's the whole truth , and that 's all this is about . 
  the cheaper way vs. the moral way in european solidarity , the same solidarity they love to use as an argument when it 's convenient to them but will find reasons to discard when its not . 
  i 'd personally have no issue with nord stream 2 if russia was n't currently in a war with a eastern nation , our historically worst nightmare , or at least germany would n't be hypocritical about it . 
  business is business after all . 
  but they 're giving us the finger in a time in which there is war on european soil . 
  what is this shit ? 
  you know you 're playing with the security of your eastern `` friends '' , right ? 
  you 're second comment indicates that you guys over in germany are indeed unadmittedly aware of your masked opportunism . 
  it would be weird for you to deny in this thread . 
  you 're literally justifying setting us on fire because it 's `` cheaper '' than the alternative . 
  and germany cares ? 
  it 's not unbiased . 
  it should be abandoned because we 're dealing with russia , which needs checks and balances . 
  and because the other major player is germany , which is dead set on hegemonic tendencies and also needs checks and balances . 
  of course , but i do n't otherwise see poland pretending that it cares , or it tries what 's best for everyone . 
  yeah , well when you 're country is taken as a source of millions of slaves for the territories from which those refugees come for hundreds of years , then you come back and tell me how easy it was to convince you fellow nationals to accept them , lol . 
  the mental gymnastics on this one ... no wonder . 
  because the turkey deal is a stupid idea , unless we follow the money , then it becomes clear why germany would want a deal with turkey . 
  and that is again an example of something you came up with all by yourselves , never asking us but trying to force us to accept it . 
  no one has to make anything up . 
  i would n't believe the amount of hypocrisy if i did n't see it . 
  well , you did n't put your foot down . 
  you welcomed them and made more come , spin it however you want . 
  i never saw you wanting to find a common solution with the rest of us to stop the inflow and to help greece and italy out . 
  you worsened their situation . 
  you wanted to welcome them and you wanted everyone else to welcome them , then were surprised that it did n't work . 
  where 's your spirit of unity when it comes to their woes ? 
  cause you want redistribution to cut the migrant numbers in your country . 
  i heard no call for unity to patrol the sea , cut the smuggling routes , set up processing offices in italy and greece . 
  you have the audacity to guilt us ? 
  stop being hypocrites . 
  edit : and how you dare , as a german , to talk about who made greece worse genuinely shocks me . 
  realistically speaking , yes . 
  better late than never , and realistically that 'd 've been the best case scenario . 
  it 's all of em . 
  it 's a superiority complex tempered by fear of the past . 
  it sometimes seems like it 's an act : `` oh shit , act guilty so it does n't seem like we 're at it again thinking we 're better than everybody else '' , lol . 
  what bothers me is that you even take pride in that guilt . 
  yeah , you and your pc and your `` helping '' nature , you 're just so great , almost like better than the rest . 
  it 's all self-serving . 
  it comes full circle . 
  and do n't get me wrong , you might even be better than everyone else . 
  but you 're ai n't getting your way just because . 
  you spin it however you want , but thing is : you wan na help 'em , help 'em . 
  take responsibility for it and do n't try to shove down our throats . 
  if it were by me , they 'd 've been sorted and turned away on the wall hungary built . 
  how 's that efficiency for ya ? 
  ya , ya , downvote me . 
  i agree . 
  but everything about it is sad , lol, 
  here 's the truth : the sad part came after the ceausescu fell . 
  because until then you had a society which was artificially propping up certain values , people and activities . 
  all of those fall gradually after ceausescu falls and a deep desperation of inadequacy is unveiled in the society . 
  things in which some people used to take pride are now laughable , if not shameful . 
  corruption , bad taste and poverty all become apparent because it 's no longer a problem to acknowledge them . 
  this is a subtler kind of sadness , but it 's pretty descriptive of the before and after . 
  it 's intended to make political participation a big deal , it subtly tries to force feed you an idea . 
  it 's just subtle agenda pushing . 
  middle class females working on that list determining that their wishes are more important than actual struggles faced by women on the globe . 
  so they 're making political participation a bigger deal than should actually be for this ranking , realistically speaking . 
  it 's not that there ai n't room for nuance , it 's just that you 're exhibiting what is now widely accepted as swedish naivety . 
  if you lived in this parts you 'd know , like , the first thing about politicians here : they have no work days because ... they do n't ... work ... not really . 
  token wealth transfer does n't matter , what matters is that under eu regulations designed accordingly to home markets of countries such as germany and the netherlands and the selling of various assets and companies to entities from these countries , romania and the like have basically been reduced to an outlet market unable to benefit from implementing policies which permitted germany and the like to rise economically in the 80s and 90s . 
  those funds have cost us our strength . 
  wealth transfers have defeated us . 
  and its all theatricality and deception , powerful tools to fool the uneducated , but we are educated , are n't we zeebars ? 
  members of the league of people begrudgingly accepting the need for da other . 
  you guys will tell yourselves just about anything ... 
  not entering `` the hearts and minds '' is mostly an effect of the aforementioned phenomena . 
  and i 'd rather take an inoffensive stereotype than ingrained disconsideration . 
  i 've seen remainers parrot the same stuff as if it 's nothing out of the ordinary here in this subreddit . 
  seeing the eastern folk as inherently inferior is normalcy , it 's like they do n't ever stop to think about it , it 's just ingrained in the psyche , sort of like how you walk , you never bring up how you do it . 
  it 's just there . 
  it boggles my mind and amuses me in equal parts . 
  and this is n't limited to english people , i 've noticed . 
  german people here also exhibit the same deep , ingrained thought , just seems natural for them , like how could that not be ? 
  they might not all say it , but the vast majority do n't even stop to consider that they do think it , they just do . 
  personally , i do n't mind it , and really , it is true when you consider the success of the german nation , for example , next to that of most eastern countries . 
  what irritates me is how muslim countries get the benefit of the doubt in this subreddit , for example , `` well , it 's because of colonialism , lack of economic opportunity , they 're really just people like anybody else '' , but we never get that . 
  because we 're white . 
  and their view of the world is so self-centered , like the americans , that most probably consider being white negates you any excuse . 
  some americans seem to think that `` white privilege '' is a global think , when in reality you ca n't talk about white privilege in a country of solely white people , like romania , who would the caucasians be privileged against ? 
  never mind hundreds of years of ottomans and muslims taking romanians and the like as slaves and preventing the formation of a nation for the people who lived here for two thousand years , if the average eeuropean has something against refugee quotas , it must be because he 's a racist . 
  but i 'm digressing too much . 
  the op is the sort of british poster who has and will shit on romanians carelessly in discussions in this sub , the sort who baffled me again and again while browsing around . 
  but he 's a special flower that we should all cherrish . 
  only churches .
