  i also made no mention of blood , but of culture and integration ... 
  blanket statements about all muslims and all refugees are , of course , stupid af . 
  but what i do get from this is that * the lackluster integration of me immigrants in european countries is not made difficult by islam alone * . 
  what this incident reveals to me ( with the accusation of bullying made by the shooter ) is that ** integration of a drastically different culture is an utopia , it is not currently humanely possible to circumvent millions of years of ingrained tribalism ** , not for the immigrants and not for the natives . 
  it 's not just islam . 
  it 's the human nature . 
  and we are all human . 
  edit : also , as always , poor muslims always being singled out , but fuck those eastern europeans , they 're bigots !, 
  oh , the irony . 
  he got fed up with being called a violent foreigner/terrorist/etc , so he decided to reinforce the stereotype ... 
  i do n't get people like you ... 
  all the scumbags assuming it 's an islamic attack , like anything happened recently which would make someone jump to that conclusion ? 
  scumbags ... 
  putin and erdogan ca n't stand each other but they currently need each other . 
  but does that matter ? 
  this guy is a hardcore romania-hater , do n't mind him . 
  you do have a point with the gypsies , but it 's not like we have an infinite supply of them here that can go and beg in every corner of the galaxy . 
  i would n't worry . 
  having relocated to bucuresti from another big town , i found the streets here to be much safer ... 
  it was just a stab , but honestly , some people do expect you to be dumb because of your nationality and then get fussed up when that does n't prove to be true . 
  not to mention the `` immigrant beggar piece of shit '' remarks when discontent surfaces . 
  i 'm confident that the youth that did wake up and went to vote remain will fare very well in life regardless , at least relatively . 
  self-evident why !, 
  i 'm more worried about the gullible majority , though ... 
  but it 's getting different , i 'll have you know !, 
  :d also , nothing to say about the first ? 
  well , in all eventualities , i was apparently 50 % right , lol, 
  from experience , there 's 2 reasons why some english do n't like romanians : 1 ) they either collude our image with gypsy beggars ' 2 ) they 're envious that we 're better read , hardworking at school , committed at work etc had we the fortune of a kinder history ... 
  edit : you know what , never mind . 
  work got me tired , possibly made me a bit too passionate about all this . 
  i really do n't care . 
  all i know is that i do n't want to suffer because of other 's people decision . 
  the uk made its own , front up the consequences . 
  that is all . 
  i wish you a good day , and i wish the uk the prosperity it seeks , without damaging our own in its search . 
  that does n't have to do with anything . 
  it 's a good deed on your part , helping poor children , no matter where they are from , and nationality plays no part in this act . 
  unless you wan na ruin it , then sure , go ahead . 
  similarly , i will always love british culture , i will always watch james bond films , i will always laugh at monty python sketches , ricky gervais will forever be one of my favorite comedians , i will always love reading about britain 's history , and i will always try to master the posh english accent . 
  but you are not the center of the world . 
  and it 's you who voted out . 
  and it 's you who are willing to drag this for however it takes , harming us carelessly because all that 's ever been your concern is the uk . 
  that 's the point ... 
  it 's a horrible precedent . 
  do we want to move towards a more unified , integrated europe ? 
  if yes , fuck a norway-deal for the uk . 
  horrible precedent . 
  if no , lets do away with the eu commission and eu parliament , and let 's keep everything just a simple tradebloc . 
  the uk ca n't be allowed wiggle room , and ca n't be allowed back in . 
  the uk has always been against progress of the eu and furthering of what the eu can offer to its member states because it never wanted to make compromises , and when it did , it was after a long and pressing time . 
  in the long run , the remaining 27 states are stronger than the previous 28 . 
  i 'm sorry for the uk , but we can not allow them preferential treatment . 
  and it 's not out of spite . 
  but we simply ca n't . 
  they ca n't shit on us and then go `` we were just joking you guys !, 
  of course we want in , just let us trade freely with you like before , but we wo n't pay anything and no labor movement , kay ? 
  wow , that 's such a silly comparison ... for real , you really said that , did n't you ? 
  i do agree with your assumption about immigration as a rallying factor against the eu , but immigration can be managed and turned into a non-issue . 
  offering the uk a good deal and thus incentivizing everyone to make the same gamble , blowing the whole continent into total irrelevancy because opportunistic populists is a bigger concern in this moment . 
  hm , so that 's how it 's gon na be , huh ? 
  well then ... maybe if you 'd stop being lazy , fat assholes and actually work , no one would steal your jobs and you would n't be freakin pussies that beg to be conned and robbed . 
  it also says something when dumb foreigners who allegedly steal your money spell your language better than you do . 
  everyone , i got ta give it to them , being an ignorant xenophobic asshole and spouting shit does feel good , lmao, 
  we 're better off like this . 
  what we need is a clean , quick , surgical separation from the uk , currently . 
  was this supposed to be a joke ? 
  he actually had plenty of arguments but i understand why you pretended otherwise . 
  both require free movement of people . 
  in the new world of globalization and neo-liberalism , there is no place for european national identities , it sucks , but the quicker you swallow this truth , the quicker the pain ends . 
  the uk does n't make eu 's economy a concern . 
  at least , that 's what you 'd hope for . 
  well played , you 're trolling got me replying one more time . 
  in real life you do n't hold other people accountable for your mistakes . 
  i know how serious this is for you , i simply do not care . 
  let me hammer this for you : this issue is gravely serious . 
  for the uk . 
  and we no longer have any reason to give a rat 's ass about the uk . 
  you chose to leave us , we now got ta keep our own interests in mind . 
  this is what most of us are feeling , and you will be made an example . 
  you are now facing a financial crisis , which i hope does n't spread , currency devaluation , an economic regression - which the eu will try to make sure do n't spread to us , and also that you will feel the full pain of these consequences yourselves - and the prospect of losing your union with scotland . 
  welcome to the real world . 
  it sucks . 
  you 're a master of trolling and steering discussions towards irrelevant points , i 'll give you that . 
  therefore , this is my last reply to you : your pm rushed into this to secure votes . 
  later , people rushed with the excitement of `` giving it to the man '' , the `` this will make me feel important , we 're making history '' and the `` screw it , what 's the worst that could happen ? '', 
  mentalities . 
  it is in the eu 's leadership interest to make an example out of you . 
  that 's all i 'm saying . 
  that 's a false equivalency , but if calling people stupid on the internet makes you feel better , well there 's nothing to be done here . 
  look . 
  you are right . 
  you should n't rush into things to make you less upset . 
  you know who did that ? 
  asap is n't reasonable for uk 's interests , and your argument is that the eu can do nothing about it . 
  sure , give eu more reasons to make your eventual leave even more painful ... 
  i do n't think uk 's economy should be eu 's concern anymore . 
  they made it eu 's concern in everything forever , and that still was n't enough to satisfy them . 
  no ... you need to understand , people are bored . 
  this is a chance to make history , for better or worse , it 's ** exciting ** !, 
  sticking it to the man , doing the crazy thing , watch us now world !,
