  again , nobody forces you to wear a skirt . 
  and bad things happening is not an argument to allow even worse things to happen . 
  edit : downvotes are inbound , of course , but i 'd like someone to actually engage and provide solid counter-arguments instead . 
  who forces women to wear skirts at all times ? 
  who 's being ridiculous ? 
  not that skirts have anything to do with what i said . . 
  it 's simple . 
  it 's an enforced segregation between men and women , a cultural symbol of female oppression . 
  there is no choice , there is only peer pressure . 
  the role of the hijab is oppressive by it 's definition and it is sexist to culturally enforce it on people based on their gender . 
  extreme and artificial gender differentiation which is a default expressed through hijabs is at complete odds with the western values of equality . 
  hijabs should be banned not because we are intolerant , but because in a prisoner 's dilemma , the strategy of always defect massacres that of always trust . 
  with the exception of women in the very high class , women in lower classes can not opt out wearing them without suffering the significant , most of the times unbearable if not physically brutal costs . 
  if you want to wear them , good on you , you always have the option of not wearing them . 
  they do not , more often than not . 
  that is why they should be banned in germany , and everywhere they become a symbol of a larger muslim population . 
  in germany , people can choose what to wear . 
  it 's a fundamental liberty in their country and should not be belittled . 
  there is no paradox in banning the hijab , because there is no choice of not wearing them , currently . 
  once the large muslim community integrates the idea that it is ok for a woman not to wear them , the ban can be lifted if the ability for the woman to choose has been hammered in culturally . 
  what do you even ... ? 
  that 's such a false dichotomy if i 've ever seen one . 
  you 're talking about issues i did not touch nor have any intention of touching . 
  all i did is challenge your strongly stated notion that the refugees in discussion are not immigrants `` for fucks sake '' , challenge to which you conceded . 
  not only that , but you claim you were aware of the issues i brought up but still claimed that people who point out those issues should `` go beyond fox news '' ( i.e they 're stupid ) . 
  that is even more worrying than you not being aware of those issues , that 's being deceitful , condescedning and disingenuous , not only wrong . 
  btw . 
  where are you living in germany ? 
  were you born there ? 
  agoing beyond fox news and reading credible sources ? 
  here we go . 
  in 2015 , according to eurostat , [ only 21 % of asylum seekers claim to be syrian ] ( https://twitter.com/eu_eurostat/status/644798399229861888/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) . 
  3 % are ukrainians and 9 % are iraqis , which means that in total there are 30 % actual war refugees , or less than 1 in 3 of everyone who claimed to be a refugee has any grounds . 
  the problem is further complicated by the fact that , as released by the german interior ministry in fall 2015 , after individual interviews of the `` refugees '' began taking place in order to verify their claims , it was discovered that at least [ a third of people claiming to be from syria are actually not ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-syrians-iduskcn0rp0xl20150925 ) . 
  then there 's the logical line of thought which argues that most of the actual war refugees are still in syria , turkey etc. , because those people have nothing left and no money to pay the traffickers to get them into europe . 
  most of the people that could 've come to europe are those who were less affected . 
  this is just to prime you on the issue . 
  your comment about fox news tells me you 're an american , cuz that 's really not a thing to be said by europeans . 
  let me tell you this : you know next to nothing about this issue . 
  it is by now a widely accepted fact that among the true refugees that came last year , those who fled for their lives , a lot of opportunists also came . 
  it 's really not . 
  but i see why it 's convenient for you to believe that anyone who does not agree with you ca n't handle nuance . 
  here 's nuance : immigration is beneficial from case to case to the degree the immigrants are absorbed in the labour market and the civic life . 
  immigration 's a multi-faceted phenomena and its utility must be judged ... well ... in an utilitarian fashion . 
  currently , although in grave need for an incredible amount of immigrants , germany 's net benefit from immigration might be on the negative . 
  definitely not all bad , but absolutely nothing of notable good either . 
  mediocre filling of labor needs packed with increases in crime rates , dependants on the social system etc. 
  therefore , some people feel in the right to be against immigration . 
  want more nuance ? 
  we can go as deep as you wish . 
  just stop pretending that everyone who is not on the same page with you is a simple-minded peasant , and you , with your mighty morals are a better person because . 
  you do know that it 's not like he himself designed that system . 
  where 's he was born has nothing to do with the fact that he 's right ( or not ) . 
  this is one of the most uninformed comments in this thread . 
  i mean , there are plenty here , but this ... 
  enough with the self-righteous pushovers with no foot on the ground . 
  hey guys , we found the american !, 
  ok , revoke their german citizenship . 
  there you go , citizen of the world . 
  i can not stand these people . 
  can not . 
  them . 
  again , you 've done nothing to disprove my assertions . 
  if anything , you 've made my case stronger . 
  it is a shoehorn , and you 're comment has nothing to do with mine . 
  do n't bother to reply . 
  we beat you this time , bulgaria !, 
  hahaha !, 
  20 years is a very optimistic estimate . 
  eah ... no one takes that competition seriously ... because everybody knows we 're better than them , soo ... 
  right guys ? 
  am i right or wut ? 
  whether our requests are complied with or not has nothing to with us being entitled . 
  i do n't understand this shoehorn . 
  both can be true . 
  among the millennials will you find the most with notable narcissistic behavior , the most with no feet on the ground also . 
  also , regardless of retirement age , we 're still better off all things considered than gen x ( with whom we 'll share a very very similar retirement age nonetheless ) . 
  ok , thank you for the response . 
  i have n't listened to the recording . 
  did he make sure to cover all the interpretations ? 
  or at least some of them ? 
  did he make clear in the recording that he does not personally condone that interpretation ? 
  because if the only thing he said is `` one of the interpretations of this is ... '' without at least presenting one more interpretation , he is basically ( and in a very smart manner ) supporting that interpretation . 
  or maybe because people are fed up of immigration , for things such as immigrants killing them in trains ? 
  i do n't mean to say that this is it , and if it was it 's a very faulted line of thought , but it could just as well be . 
  it has as much basis as what you 're saying . 
  and please , realize the irony of you calling out people on their ideology . 
  screw that . 
  and for all the romanian homies in this sub , i think we should all stop being defensive . 
  i for one am not willing to derive my or our collective self worth from the opinions of a bunch of people viciously trying to portray fiction as fact and those arduously believing them . 
  do n't worry . 
  gon na steal some jobs too , cause you ca n't compete with hunger-driven people actually willing to work . 
  i did n't even ... oh , so that 's how it 's gon na be , huh ? 
  well your face smells like chickenpox . 
  you 're a master troll , i give you that . 
  so if i 'd pay two actors to act as mafia confessing how they threatened people with death if they do n't vote brexit and how they can offer their services to me for a fee , it 's all good cuz it 's free press ? 
  from someone who prepared at the start of his teen years for theology to become an orthodox priest and through expansive study of religions , history and physics became an agnostic : all religions are invariably intermingled with politics when they are a part of the everyday life . 
  and there are important nuances here . 
  christianity was never `` tamed '' , but its rites and habits and the way it ordered the life of people simply ... fell out of favor , was left behind , like old fashion . 
  when religion has a say in how you live your life , what you eat , what times of day are put apart for a special activity etc.
