  i do n't know where these numbers conflict , but if anything rates have decreased in bucharest and increased in berlin . 
  will come back with more up to date data , but i 'm sure you 're pretty much wrong in essence on your crime rates commentary . 
  edit : it 's probable that crime rates in romania go up in the more rural , underdeveloped and isolated parts of the country , but in the same time , criminal activity in romania happens between criminals rather than against your average person ( what i mean by this , and will probably sound very racist to many , is : gypsy clans , man ) . 
   `` romania is also not very dangerous , but still has a much higher crime rate than germany '' that is a lie . 
  crime rates in berlin , germany level of crime 39.89 low crime increasing in the past 3 years 66.67 high problem people using or dealing drugs 53.19 moderate problem property crimes such as vandalism and theft 51.86 moderate safety walking alone during daylight 79.79 high safety walking alone during night 58.78 moderate * comparison * : crime rates in bucharest , romania level of crime 26.37 low crime increasing in the past 3 years 35.37 low problem people using or dealing drugs 24.69 low problem property crimes such as vandalism and theft 33.70 low problem violent crimes such as assault and armed robbery 15.18 very low safety walking alone during daylight 87.80 very high safety walking alone during night 66.10 high, 
  you made a lot of uneducated presumptions there . 
  you 're really not the one to talk of common sense . 
  we have experience with the gypsies . 
  you 'll very soon also see bigotism in a very different manner, 
  again , who said germany 's afghanistan ? 
  you must be joking ... 
  you do it . 
  find success stories and post them . 
  i 'll follow you and upvote them , comment on them and reference them , you do n't need many guys to get visibility on this sub . 
  but first , you find the success stories . 
  no , but your attitude certainly does nothing to halt the worsening of the situation , nobody says germany is a sharia apocalypse , but it certainly has taken a turn for the worse , otherwise there 'd be no concerned father seeking comfort for aggressive behavior coming from the immigrants . 
  it 's not black and white as you try to portray it . 
  for most people , nothing has changed * yet * . 
  ... what is wrong with some of these people ? 
  man , if i lived in germany right now , i 'd be extremely pissed , constant worrying about my wife or mother or sisters or daughters ... and the most comforting thing the authorities have to say is `` do n't provoke them '' as in `` it 's your fault if something happens ! '', 
  i am proud of everything achieved , it 's just that there is n't much . 
  that 's the truth . 
  but here 's the thing : i 'm actually extremely happy i was born in romania . 
  did n't have it really tough like people in 3rd world countries , no famine , no war , no fear for my life , but also did n't have it cozy like western europe , it gives the opportunity to learn a lot of things , to be inventive , to get tough , to mold luck in your favor , to not be naive , how to look out for your success , also to accept misfortune when it comes . 
  there 's no better place which incentivizes you to get both street smarts and book smarts . 
  there is a disturbing lack of consistent logic permeating this article , it 's quite cringe worthy . 
  that is indeed the case for maybe 70 % of the population , but it 's not like those are n't true for a big chunk of populations anywhere ; ultimately , romania sucks because of historical circumstances , yet we are what we are , and that 's not much to be proud of ... 
  i was n't implying that parents from ethnic minorities do n't look out after their children , if i must say , on the contrary , culturally some push their children way harder then whites . 
  i was n't commenting on that portion . 
  i think you 're smart enough to know it has enough to do with that . 
  yes , as they came in less than 200.000 people . 
  makes it even scarier when you think sweden will deal with hundreds thousands more of people of similar educational and economic backgrounds . 
  also , to be fair , immigrants largely stayed in florida , so it 's a good ratio . 
  because britain is much more multiethnic and multicultural , and france specifically has a lot of french people very proud of their heritage ( although maybe not upfront ) , people identifying themselves as french ( even some people from ex-colonies would rather identify themselves as french ) , and germany specifically has a much tighter educational system , and is also ( at least until very recently ) a lot more culturally homogeneous compared to britain . 
  also , in britain you have a lot of grants and programs for ethnic minorities and women , so those do well but in the process white males are left behind , and although alone they 're not a majority , they 're still a sizable chunk of the population which drags the whole average down . 
  people would very rarely admit these problems are real and will get worse until too late . 
  only recently . 
  so , you dare saying that multiculturalism just shortens frontiers and crowds them in tiny spaces , and not eliminates them , and that humans , social animals , need a community to identify with in order for the whole to prosper ? 
  could you please elaborate ? 
  this made me curious ... 
  there 's no talk of classism , sexism or racism when seeing how bad working-to-middle class white boys have it compared to other demographic segments ; there are all sorts of programs , grants and quotas to be filled for women and ethnic minorities , but patriarchy . 
  `` british woman '' ... also , i do n't appreciate much the fact that she tries to play the victim card from the get-go , but i guess there 's not much else to do in her position . 
  this dude eats a lot of shit , although he clearly knows what 's the deal , he masks responses and dodges certain attitudes , his answers are as political as they can get . 
  yes , but no . 
  the story from which we , europeans , can learn is usa 's cuban immigration crisis of the 70 's and 80 's . 
  i strongly recommend the `` cocaine cowboys '' documentary , it 's pretty informative but also pretty entertaining , and it leaves a lot of parallels to be drawn . 
  i see a false dichotomy serving an straw man argument here ... 
  yes . 
  tolerance of the intolerant has proven to be very efficient until now , has n't it ? 
  first of all i 'm glad to see the germans subbed here at least do n't have the nazi guilt when it comes to the poles , i just hope enough of you guys do n't have nazi guilt when it comes to illegal immigrants also . 
  secondly , can we just stop already with all this white guilt , nazi guilt everywhere , guilt for things none of us did , and stop trying to use this rhetoric against others ? 
  thirdly , the eu is being a dick to poland , i hope poland stands it ground . 
  sons of ukko sounds like a council made up of brothers born out of the love between a giant and a human , they patrol and protect the woods giving safe passage to passing people from ghosts and liches , and when the need is grave , they summon each other at the top of a short hill to a secret round table , and united ask for the blessing of their father and put themselves under the leadership of king of men . 
  `` you are more antisemitic ! '', 
  `` no , you are more antisemitic ! '', 
  `` noo , you are more antisemitic ! '', 
  ^ basically this thread , now . 
  yes , so the natural effect is to create incentives for the big media outlets to be on the same page as you , which is n't all that hard . 
  it seems mind boggling to me that there are people who actually think that the media , on aggregate , is free . 
  it usually very bluntly represents the interest of someone or at least some ideology . 
  most of the time it is under direct control of an entity . 
  why would people believe such a powerful tool would be allowed to use itself `` freely '' ? 
  and those would be mostly women ? 
  if yes , i 'm calling it : bad idea . 
  sure , argue otherwise . 
  brotha , trust me , were we in their way , not many illegals would 've crossed our border . 
  also , we jail corrupt politicians nowadays like they 're on sale . 
  you can say none of this things about a lot of schengen members . 
  for all i care , keep your schengen . 
  eu is nothing more but the intersection of the geopolitical and economic interests of western europe states . 
  i read the account of one man who said something like : `` they took my wife and my 15 yo daughter and groped them in front of my while i was looking powerless '' - how much patience can you demand from a man who 's lived his worst , most repulsive nightmare ? 
  german people swallowed no pride , they just took pride in championing another thing . 
  edit : and i got no problem with that . 
  germans set out to do something and do it well ; the problem is they do it so well they overdo it and cause the whole of europe to sink with them , as ( recent , at least ) history has taught us , lol . 
  i love the whole `` we must think rationally rhetoric '' , because things just end up exploding way before a thoughtful approach becomes mainstream . 
  this is actually a great point . 
  i was gon na write a nice and eloquent reply to counter argue your point , but somehow i remembered your username and the realization of futility of my actions dawned on me . 
  it 's either that the host culture must be dominant , so that a clear modus operandi of the society is maintained , or the cultures do n't have major differences in how societies should look like and function . 
  some muslim immigrants are not a problem , millions of them , numbers which can create social echo chambers , are indeed a problem , since they have a drastically different view on society . 
  i think you might have read a different report than the rest of us ... 
  so it is a complete coincidence that the year a million immigrants came into germany this happened ? 
  are you serious ? 
  that 's why people are becoming more and more angry and radicalized on the subject , because nobody speaks truthfully . 
  let 's admit it , they did n't run the story because of political leaning and self imposing pc policing , or let 's not admit it , fine by me , soon enough it will be irrelevant . 
  journalistic integrity is a weak argument when they were n't so cautious , impartial and fact driven when they reported about the irrefutable benefits of the immigrants and how anyone expressing any concern is a nazi . 
  this is allowed because the moderation team is heavily on the left . 
  try posting something from an equally extreme but right-wing outlet , see how many seconds pass until it gets deleted . 
  edit : will probably get banned for adding this , but i just learned about the cologne incident and about the mass censorship enacted on this subbredit ( at least they let the link after several tries ) . 
  so apparently even posting facts that do n't fit in the left get deleted . 
  but opinion pieces from extreme left sites are fine . 
  believe it or not , given the same political will , the gap between germany and bulgaria would be closed faster than the gap between any of those us states . 
  ( edit : economically * ) also , it 's not the east who 's pulling the eu down . 
  at least not for much longer . 
  i 'd actually agree with a federalized western eu and with a separate union of eastern states , the eastern belt from estonia to bulgaria , because soon enough the east and the west will have very different demographics , very different growth rates and very , very different geopolitical interests . 
  western europe dug its hole with its handling of the immigration crisis , as there simply will not be a sense of unity in any of those countries necessary for keeping progress rate up to par with the rest of the world . 
  with this in mind , the only real solution if europe wants to maintain its relevancy is either a fully federalized , no bullshit use or the complete dismissal of the eu and the building of newer , more opportunistic and focused alliances between different ( not exclusively ) european countries . 
  it 's about networking the satellites and monitoring the networks of competitors . 
  i 'll put my tinfoil on . 
  for those who wonder what the utility of a lunar base might be : as international trade continues to be the main mechanism of wealth accumulation and tension between different intentional parties are thought to increase and control of sea means control of trade , better ways of ensuring sea domination will be sought after . 
  space systems ensure very good surveillance but can potentially be good for control if weaponized .
