it was just a joke ... 
  in modern germany , immigrants civilize you ... 
  exactly !, 
  you are hilariously stupid . 
  let me explain : you basically said i should be thankful , you said that we got the better end of multiculturalism , romanians profited , and you got the short end , all you got was beggars and organized crime . 
  and i agree wholeheartedly . 
  when i argue against `` multiculturalism '' i argue for the west 's sake , not for mine . 
  these migrants could n't care less about romania . 
  as you said it , we profited from it , you did n't . 
  now , why do you think it will be any different with these hordes of migrants ? 
  i 'm done wasting my time with you . 
  you are just hilarious !, 
  i 'm not even kidding . 
  they do n't ?? 
  what a shock ... 
  i just broke down crying ... 
  ok , i 'll explain because i 've seen by now you 're not the sharpest . 
  wow , the feared german vitriol you got in you , you 'd 've made a great nazi in the day . 
  wow ... dude ... do you even know what racist means ? 
  can not admit the difference between the average gypsy and the average romanian because that would be racist , so they resort to bundling us all together and saying shit normally reserved for gypsy to all of us . 
  it 's ok to sat shit about romanians because you can not be labeled a racist . 
  i beg to differ . 
  are you dense on purpose ? 
  were those blinders mounted on you or you put them on yourself ? 
  you do realize that from the hundreds of thousand , possibly millions , a small fraction have had access to college education , many are simple people , farmers , working class , that syria was mainly rural and not everybody is that religiously open , on the contrary . 
  if it holds true for almost * all countries between the usa and russia , that having some well educated people does n't mean there is n't wide-spread religious fundamentalism , then it is definitely true for syria . 
  * the only notable exception here is western europe , and you are gladly giving that away to feel morally superior . 
  syria 's population is n't secular . 
  it is because , at least in my country , they 'd be shredded to pieces on sight in the streets . 
  it happens more in the west because there 's this thing over there called `` tolerance of the intolerant '' . 
  white guilt . 
  nazi guilt . 
  people wanting to prove moral superiority . 
  moral validation . 
  also naivety . 
  mass-media disinformation ( i like to refer to the case when austrians drove to the border with hungary to pick up * families of refugees * and returned empty-car , disappointed that there were mostly young and irritable men ) . 
  also , a somewhat `` hipster '' movement which stems from some of the younger living well ... in financial and technological/virtual comfort and lacking real world experience and also real worries , sometimes devoid of occupation , movement which is multiculturalism . 
  and similar leftist ideas , well-intentioned but devoid of realistic considerations ( not to say that all rightist ideas are any good ) . 
  ... how language is * . 
  vote me and i shall end the migrant crisis . 
  we do n't want them here . 
  no one asked us when germany decided the whole e.u. 
  can take north africa , south-west asia and middle east inside . 
  when germany does things that affects everybody without consulting everybody , the shit goes down and , surprise , there is backlash , nobody got no right to say something 's not `` european '' . 
  what is european ? 
  that in 20 years the european languages will be second languages in our own countries ? 
  what 's european ? 
  that germany fucks us over by doing deals with the russians ? 
  that we are n't allowed in schengen , we do n't have equal rights but equal obligations ? 
  i reiterate . 
  we do n't want them here . 
  you want them , you take 'em . 
  do n't . 
  want . 
  them . 
  here . 
  they are not here by our choice . 
  we have no part in the destabilization of the middle east . 
  if anything , ceausescu helped built all those houses and cities that are now rubble in the middle east , back in the day . 
  and , guess what , they do n't want to be here either . 
  because they know we do n't have the stick up on our asses on which `` look how moral and politically correct we are '' is written on . 
  they know we ai n't dumb , and even if we could help them , they could not come here and throw their women on train tracks , leave litter all over the place , overrun our police , chant nationalistic crap , pull out afghanistan flags , refuse free water and food that even some of our poor would dream of , participate in petty crimes without being accountable . 
  they know they would be accountable . 
  they prefer the west , because of how pussified you guys are . 
  you should be ashamed . 
  you should dwell on this piece of info : every romanian girl i know that studies in the west misses romanian guys the most , because they see the western boys as pussies . 
  how hard do you think it will be for war-hardened immigrants to seize you up with your tolerance bullshit ? 
  do n't . 
  want . 
  them . 
  here . 
  if you want them , catch them all . 
  edit : and people here will make sure our politicians will learn not to kiss western ass with this one . 
  you do realize `` the illuminati '' is actually trying to `` ruin white people 's job markets with 1-euro jobs '' , but they ca n't do it suddenly . 
  `` um , everyone , since these refugees are all here now , we 'll start paying everyone 1 euro per hour from tomorrow on . 
  i knew you guys would understand . '', 
  they 're taking their time . 
  i lost it ... what the fuck ? 
  so , your vision of the world is that people are only capable of good or only capable of evil , in their utilitarian meaning . 
  what . 
  the . 
  are . 
  you . 
  doing . 
  expressing . 
  opinions ? 
  go live life outside of the economic and digital comfort you were lucky to be born into . 
  some people just need to live more ... 
  `` if , if , if '' again , not a consideration of reality . 
  your horse might be too high to see things on a grounded level ... 
  `` if , if , if '' , never real considerations of reality . 
  what you are basically doing is passing the buck and blaming . 
  if people had real expectations of how humanity generally acts , the immigration influx would have been kept moderate and people would n't have blindly cheered an unsustainable amount of heterogeneous immigrants because they like being on a moral high horse . 
  the sensible solution was to make camps and aid them in the middle east and uphold passing borders illegally to be well ... punishable . 
  anyone with sense knew that between those with white guilt and the xenophobes , this wave of immigration will only cause trouble . 
  it 's extremely easy to procure a syrian passport , also people throw their ids , including some syrians , so it 's hard to prove who 's who . 
  you 're entitled to your opinion but your arguments are very weak , i do n't get why you keep at it . 
  you just come across as rabidly biased ... 
  this a reference to the two africans who recently raped a 14yo norwegian girl a whole night until she repeatedly passed out and got community service ? 
  if a nation gains something from being inside the eu , it must mean it 's a pretty crappy nation ...
