  yeah !, 
  right ... . well , hope they find it worth it . 
  well , i ca n't tell you much about a career in football , i have no clue about that , but my guess is that you have to work very hard and gain connections in the football industry , possibly work your way up from a football fitness coach ( for which you need to take a course ) to second coach or talent scout . 
  this is in romania . 
  bucharest is the capital . 
  football is a big pastime here , but the quality in recent years has been shit , mainly because young football players conflate being a football player with being a lazy wiseguy , like the popular icon mutu . 
  football for a decade or so has attracted people who do not see the benefits of an educated mind on the playing field , so they have no brain for strategy and smart tactics , whilst the coaches are for the most part antiquated . 
  it 's an interesting thing to witness , this whole process , but not great football . 
  foreigners get easily into our football teams , but they have to at least give the illusion of great talent in the beginning . 
  forgot to mention weather in the op : here , winters are scandinavian , summers are middle eastern ( sometimes amazonian for short periods ) , autumns are english as hell , and spring is a confused teenager who just does n't know who he is , should i snow , should i rain , should i kill people in heat waves , all of the above . 
  nature is stunning in romania . 
  many spots , big and small ripped from the heavens and brought to earth . 
  but many are rustic in nature , but if you do n't like rustic , there 's still citadels of nature that would appeal to you . 
  it depends . 
  bucharest is honestly a good city for young people . 
  not much to see compared to western cities , architectural landscape is all over the place , again , not near some western cities . 
  but it 's a big city , not too big , certainly not too small . 
  lotsa diversity in attitudes , age , although definitely monocultural as it is n't a big immigration spot . 
  pretty young people , grumpy old people . 
  bad bureaucracy . 
  very bad . 
  many bars . 
  enough cultural activity to go around . 
  different subcultures , either native or adopted zealously from other places , all overlapping , sometimes combining with each other . 
  statistically , it is one of the safest cities in europe . 
  but you do get thrills , you learn to watch out for your wallet , and people here are pretty real . 
  most people are averagely dumb , like everywhere , but people are real , and there 's plenty of opportunities to learn life if you 're not actively seeking to stay in a bubble . 
  i personally think bucharest is the perfect city for a young man 's personal bildungsroman . 
  language barrier would be a problem when interacting with almost anyone not young/below late 30s , or otherwise highly educated people . 
  so that could be a big problem . 
  another thing : people are welcoming to foreigners , but they 're a bit of a rarity , foreigners , and you will need to learn to sift through bullshit and find honest connections with who can offer them . 
  it 's a learning opportunity , but could be a highly distressing one . 
  importantly , some things are a lot cheaper in eastern europe compared to western europe , like rent and transportation . 
  food , it depends . 
  salaries are also a lot lower , if you 're seeking work . 
  please , please !, 
  try to at least google from time to time before posting , to avoid making such embarrassing factual inaccuracies akin to what could 've happened in an alternate universe in which bulgaria was north of romania instead of south . 
  it 's awful that a guy from a country full of nazi lovers not too long ago holds such strong opinions on and proclaims with such authority what other countries should do and why !, 
  it 's not pleasant , is it , being at the end of this sort of unfair argument ? 
  so it 's white people 's fault , once again ... of course , it 's obvious !, 
  wish i could upvote this more than once for visibility , that table is a false comparison . 
  gdp per capita figures for america are almost never ppp . 
  the numbers in that table are n't adjusted either . 
  it 's a comparison between non-ppp gdp per capita of american states , and ppp adjusted gdp per capita of european states . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  of course not , i just did not want this to feed into a `` hurr durr white people hate everyone , they all just racist xenophobes '' mentality . 
  there are 2 things wrong with this map , as far as i can tell : 1 ) muslim population figures are from 2010 , the poll is done in 2014 - an increase in the actual size of the muslim population , coupled with an increased portion of media portrayal of them might 've inflated the public 's perception ; 2 ) if the polls were done mainly in larger cities where people of immigrant backgrounds are more concentrated , then the people look around them , and indeed see that around them maybe 20 % of the people are muslim , so they give that estimate . 
  thus the causes for this inflated perception might just be media/public over-representation and proximity bias of the ones who were asked . 
  your points sorta kinda lack relevancy . 
  the idea is : the uk has a serious obesity problem ; feelings of inadequacy through comparison can be a problem , but only if they 're extreme , not mildly making you be conscious of yourself - on the contrary , that helps people , being conscious of yourself is a definite prerequisite for bettering yourself/improving your life , health etc. 
  but people nowadays just want to stay in their fookin ' comfort bubbles and never deal with anything ever - let me be obese , and allow me to never be mindful of it so that through poor health my life gets shittier ( you never really get to know how much being physically active and healthy helps your mental well being until you do it , the difference is gigantic ) , so that i never need to have an honest look at myself , but not only that !, 
  let me also tell other people who is healthy or not , me , the unhealthy overweight guy . 
  that 's pretty audacious if you ask me . 
  we 're citing different studies , mate . 
  i gave you a breakdown of crimes by ethnicity , you gave me a different study made public prior to the one i gave which was a leak . 
  the subtly here is the difference between what was made public by the organisation and what was leaked from the organization subsequently . 
  wasted time , as i said . 
  or , i 'm dumb and i do n't understand proportionality , of course . 
  http://www.bild.de/bild-plus/politik/inland/bundeskriminalamt/der-bka-bericht-44587004,var=a,view=conversiontologin.bild.html here , in your own native language . 
  google is brim full with sources on what i 'm saying , if you 're actively looking only for things that do n't contradict you , i 'm wasting my time no matter how many things i directly link to you . 
  `` migrants committed 208,344 crimes in 2015 , according to a confidential police report that was leaked to the german newspaper , bild . 
  this figure represents an 80 % increase over 2014 and works out to around 570 crimes committed by migrants every day , or 23 crimes each hour , between january and december 2015 . 
  the actual number of migrant crimes is far higher , however , because the report , produced by the federal criminal police office ( bundeskriminalamt , bka ) , includes only crimes that have been solved ( aufgekl\u00e4rten straftaten ) . 
  according to statista , the german statistics agency , on average only around half of all crimes committed in germany in any given year are solved ( aufkl\u00e4rungsquote ) . 
  this implies that the actual number of crimes committed by migrants in 2015 may exceed 400,000 . 
  according to the report , most of the crimes were committed by migrants from : syria ( 24 % ) , albania ( 17 % ) , kosovo ( 14 % ) , serbia ( 11 % ) , afghanistan ( 11 % ) , iraq ( 9 % ) , eritrea ( 4 % ) , macedonia ( 4 % ) , pakistan ( 4 % ) and nigeria ( 2 % ) . '', 
  there you go . 
  for how long will you put up your shield of ignorance ? 
  for how much longer do you think you can plug your ears , close your eyes and babble ? 
  i 'm just copy pasting stuff now http://www.dw.com/en/identifying-the-roots-of-immigrant-crime/a-1953916 http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=2589824 here 's videos !, 
  https://youtu.be/_ljjojcddwe?t=2m14s i know i 've wasted 5 minutes of my life , people like you will cower behind the `` they 're all racists and xenophobes '' no matter what . 
  next time , consider this : people downvote you but not actually respond to you because it 's well known by now they would just waste their time . 
  i have a life , you know , and not much time to check reddit several times a day . 
  apart from that , you have google . 
  check matters for yourself , this `` hold-my-hand '' argument of sources is getting ridiculous when you have google and you can check everything out for yourself . 
  you 're creating false dichotomies , it really shows your real lack of will to understand this phenomenon . 
  there 's nothing wrong with fleeing from hunger , but what does have to do with an undeniable correlation between illegal immigration towards germany and steep rise in ( sexual ) crime rate there ? 
  is hunger in eritrea a problem ? 
  yes . 
  is the fact that girlfriends , mothers , sisters , daughters of your friends/yourself are living in a regressive society because of this influx of immigrants a problem ? 
  yes , a separate one . 
  germany is slowly regressing from the society of equality and respect it striven towards . 
  how can you find excuses for this , it 's your country , your family , only you know ... 
  he was just trolling , dude . 
  absolute . 
  armed robberies are seriously just not a thing for us . 
  again , you need to understand the cultural context which give rise to such ideas ; armed robberies of shops are not a concept which could 've developed in our culture : shops used to be state-owned , waiting lines of hundreds of people were formed on them and robbing one assured a most likely painful shortening of your existance back in communist era . 
  armed robbery for most romanians is as much a movie fantasy as an alien invasion . 
  it seems too out there . 
  romanians do n't pickpocket , it was a sure way to get thrown in prison and ruin your life forever in the communist times . 
  it also helped that there rarely was something to steal from someone else . 
  almost everybody had the same shit . 
  it 's just not in our culture . 
  same with armed robberies . 
  apart from gypsy clans , people here are very uninclined to have weapons , either melee or firearms ( firearms are virtually nonexistent to civilians , and those that do have them , which are again , mostly gypsy clans , use rubber bullets ) . 
  because again , owning something like that was a ticket to trouble . 
  exception make the people who live in rural areas , which need axes and hatchets and which are known to use them in fights , but they 're not the type of people who 'd go swinging in the west , they 're the type of people whose world ends 30kms from where they were born . 
  romanians have other sorts of crimes in their blood now : corruption , bribes , favour economies etc. 
  the existence of this sort of crimes and not the other in our culture is product of one thing : communist society . 
  gypsies lived in a parallel society .
