  definitely not . 
  that 's a false equivalency . 
  one can host asylum seekers in his house much easier than could establish a safe zone in syria . 
  you 're being disingenuous . 
  in a world in which major percentages of all people of all nations thought as you do , your moral stance of charity and goodwill would only be the logical choice . 
  but if romania would host ukranian refugees in a world in which there 'd be no syrian civil war , and polish , ukrainian etc migrants would flood turkey , egypt etc , i 'd doubt any of these countries would pool any amount of money to give romania . 
  charity and goodwill are welcomed bonuses in international relations , but in a scenario of prisoner 's dilemma in which you know the other player will almost always choose to defect , charity and goodwill can not be imposed stances . 
  only welcomed bonuses . 
  he does have a point though . 
  if we have higher standards than those countries , you imply we 're better . 
  if you consider your nation to be better ( and you might be just in your belief ) , go ahead and house some asylum seekers , or donate money , food , clothes yourself . 
  i know these words have become a joke , but this is a classic case of virtue signaling . 
  and we live in a way more globalized world today than in the 1910s , do n't we ? 
  they are irreversible . 
  and there 's not much of a choice either ; everything dies in isolation . 
  the trend is towards increased trade , increased liberalization , increased connectivity . 
  contrary to the misguided fetishes of many , de-globalization is not possible , if you want things to get better by any definition on a country 's macro scale . 
  there 'd be no * european * refugee crisis . 
  they forgot that their actions actually do have effects that might be unquantifiable , that not everything can be swept under the rug , that bad things pile up in the mind of the masses in close proximity . 
  politicians never have the good of the people in mind , but they apparently started seriously underestimated how gullible the masses actually are and how far away things are from the straw that breaks the camel 's back . 
  and i am very sad , because they will pay for their mistakes and in the vacuum others will come , not defending the interests of the few , but neither those of the people , only their own interests : populists . 
  and we , the average folk will only suffer more . 
  the chaos needs to stop , or very suddenly we 'll say bye bye to the eu . 
  and that will spell the end of this continent . 
  out of which we eventually , mostly , grew , thankfully . 
  because you 've clearly demonstrated the necessary maturity and wisdom which warrants civil discussion and would make the intellectual effort fruitful . 
  you 've taken every opportunity in this thread to deride eastern europeans . 
  lotsa guts to call out other people 's presumed intellectual inabilities . 
  we 're done here . 
  well , what you 're implying is a false equivalency . 
  look at your replies in this thread . 
  you clearly do n't like eastern europeans . 
  what 's the need to play any card ? 
  hey guys , i found the thickheaded bigots !, 
  i was purposefully reinforcing the stereotype for amusement purposes . 
  but thanks for proving my previous assertion right . 
  so it 's not verified organized crime per se , it 's the statistical illusion of high organized crime due to the rise in popularity of a certain scam between lithuanian immigrants . 
  please source your claims on lithuanians in germany having the biggest organized crime . 
  find me a decent source . 
  do it or i swear i 'll track you down and make you eat 1000 sheets of paper with these bullshit posts written on them , and i 'll use the best crime organization , the underground lithuanian crime network to find you . 
  but it 's always been like this . 
  and it 's fine with me if they say : a lot of gypsies came from eastern europe , a lot of eastern europeans filled up low skilled jobs etc. 
  but pulling statistics out of your ass for things that are n't even goddamn possible in the name of virtue signaling , for that , fuck off . 
  it 's the virtue signaling that pisses me off ; shit on my origin all you want , what are they gon na do , not hire me on a lower wage and superior , hunger-driven skill ? 
  i do n't think so ... 
  that 's just such bullshit . 
  lithuanians simply [ are n't in numbers high enough in germany for that to be even remotely possible ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_germany#migrant_background_and_foreign_nationality ) . 
  as always , scapegoating on eastern europeans , just cause you ca n't be accused of racism . 
  did i say you said that ? 
  everybody sees false positives everywhere , it 's called confirmation biased and it has no political leaning . 
  we ( the people who try to be level-headed ) do n't say all muslims are to blame for when troubled individuals run over people in a truck . 
  that 's a bandwagon , the one that the far right jumps on . 
  similarly , i do n't think people should pit this incident on german bullying immigrants . 
  from what i know , that 's generally not the case in a bigger proportion than immigrants bullying germans , or anybody bullying anybody . 
  again , if germany does n't ( at least try to ) give a fair go to immigrants , which place on earth does ? 
  where on earth do people get a fair go , if not in germany ? 
  in romania ? 
  in india ? 
  in japan ? 
  in the u.s ? 
  i 'm not saying he was n't bullied . 
  persons of every creed , color , religion are , everywhere . 
  is that sufficient grounds to kill people ? 
  or is that sufficient grounds to condemn an entire nation of being racist , or `` failing to integrate '' immigrants ? 
  pitting the woes of a deranged kid on an entire society ? 
  of course . 
  but people confuse that with `` it 's natural , so it 's to be expected '' . 
  there 's no danger in that , only wisdom , only knowing of what dangers one should prepare for . 
  i completely agree with you . 
  we must acknowledge our faults if we want to overcome them . 
  you can make the choice to fight it yourself , you can educate others to do the same , but you can never realistically expect everyone everywhere to do the same , you gently ca n't expect most people to do the same . 
  it 's not my logic , never implied any of what you said . 
  you are seeing it right now . 
   there might be counties where the integration did n't happened , but germany is n't one of them . 
  recent empirical data seems to contradict your assessment . 
   migration in the context of pre-historic times was done by tribes ( ... ) not in the middle of another civilization to which you reply with  ( ... ) migrations from one civilization to the middle of another have happened throughout history . 
  your own fucking culture was created by the blend of dacian , roman r/iamverysmart awaits indeed . 
  what does pure blood has to do with anything ? 
  god , i routinely forget how vile internet discussions can be ... 
  you responded to a different reply ... what does nationalism have to do with tribalism ? 
  you 're conflating topics because you have no academically valid knowledge about these things . 
  nationalism = / = tribalism . 
  they are vastly different issues . 
  migration in prehistoric times = / = migration in the modern context = / = tribalism . 
  who said anything about religion ? 
  you are a master of strawmen , false equivalences and internet arguing . 
  but little else . 
  by the way , i 'm romanian , my flair clearly says so . 
  well , i 'm tired of people being disingenuous . 
  i 'm clearly not faulting muslims , all i 'm saying is that the proximity effect has a big role in people forming these preconceptions . 
  that incident happened more than one year ago , even before the refugee crisis became a truly big thing . 
  how many things have since happened in germany ? 
  how many attacks in the past month ? 
  people do n't see pilots routinely crashing planes in the mountains , but they do routinely see people of immigrant backgrounds committing acts of serious violence . 
  why are you people being so dishonest ? 
  again , i 'm not making any sort of statement about muslims , islam etc. 
  all i 'm saying is that you ca n't really fault people for thinking this was another `` religiously motivated '' attack . 
  actually you 're disingenuous . 
  migration in the context of pre-historic times was done by tribes with the purpose of finding newer/better resources/habitable lands , and thus from inhabited areas towards non-inhabited areas , ** not in the middle of another civilization ** , also tribalism came about as a reaction to migration as it increases fitness by resource securization . 
  tribalism is not in the blood , tribalism has to do with cognitive ease , the heuristic nature of human decision-making , it is by definition not rational , so what are you on about ?
