  that 's so stupid my eyes hurt ... 
  please tell me where i can get that flat for 200e . 
  i 'm currently searching for a two room flat and there 's nothing below 300e worth looking at , and location is n't even a criteria ... 
  not quite ... ponta , our pm , extremely stupidly followed the western trend of criticizing hungarian police speaking on record against brutality of authorities , which we know there was none . 
  he is quick to jump on things and ca n't abstain himself from getting distraught by shiny things , such as gaining political capital from the west , in this case . 
  i started liking him after he pushed new fiscal laws that lower taxes across the board , but after this i really understand his modus operandi , he just pushes with full force for whatever he thinks is something shiny to have , which is good if there 's somebody there to tell him what is shiny and what is not . 
  wait until they get out of camps and `` integrate '' into society . 
  rape wo n't be tied to solely immigrant women anymore . 
  germany is currently feigning death . 
  nothing has changed , everything is going as foreseen with the influx of immigrants , only thing that has changed is german rhetoric . 
  why ? 
  they 're playing overwhelmed to get the other countries to take refugees . 
  i do n't know if this was planned from the start , or they just thought to seize the opportunity , but germany does n't find itself suddenly overwhelmed , it does n't work that way . 
  i 'd rather put a tinfoil hat on than believe the numbers of immigrants was out of their understanding . 
  ok . we 'll see how this inclusive mentality will work out for sweden when they 'll have their equivalent problem once the immigrants start making kids . 
  it was entirely foreseeable . 
  and this phenomena will start creeping up everywhere with increased intensity . 
  did merkel also teach you about free markets when it made yours into germany satellites ? 
  [ a classic of romanian rap , relevant intro ] ( https://youtu.be/k2hpypvnwqg ), 
  are people like you even capable of rational discourse ? 
  so your tactic is to contrive anything that you do n't like into shit , exaggerate , put things into categories and hope that does it . 
  did i imply anything you said ? 
  you are ridiculous , your basking in mediocre critical thought and craving for validation ( in this context , the moral type ) is why the masses will forever be easily manipulated . 
  why would you say that ? 
  please , explain . 
  edit : because you have n't approached any attempt to point flaws in my logic , thus , one might say in the absence of evidence of any , it stands as somewhat of a truth . 
  in this point , it is irrelevant whether i push an agenda or not , but i do not . 
  on the other hand , screaming `` family reunification laws '' every time somebody tries to discuss the demographics of the immigrants , without really pointing out any other implications , that 's what some might call * pushing an agenda * . 
  this again ?? 
  i guess i 'll keep [ linking ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3kda3o/refugees_marching_through_denmark_towards_sweden/cuwl5hi ) the response ... 
  who said anything about a conspiracy ? 
  germany just wants to bully hungary into doing its bidding and uses everything it can . 
  it has allies in mainstream media because suffering stories sell better than anything else and are naturally inclined to report on the suffering of the immigrants , regardless of how illusory . 
  do you even politics ? 
  simple . 
  they have n't spoken against immigration . 
  hungary said `` we do n't like this '' , so if anything happens everyone will blame hungary and say they were mean . 
  germany , on the other hand , says `` oh , we love all the immigrants , come , please '' , and if something does happen , it is n't be reported because nobody pays attention to them , or they say `` tsk , we tried to help but it just got slightly out of control , but you know our intentions are right '' . 
  shortly put , they have plausible deniability . 
  sigh ... `` this has been said to death . 
  how do you think what you are saying is supposed to be comforting ? 
  1st of all , that still means 75 % of those currently here are young , currently rash and without anything to do males . 
  that 's not a good demographic to have . 
  2nd what that means is that even if no more males come from now on , the number of immigrants will almost triple if everybody brings his family back ( and i say triples because i only took 1 wife and 1 child into account ; but if they have more children - and they usually have - and/or they bring they 're extended families with them - parents , sisters etc - then 800.000 migrants can easily become 2.000.000 - 3.800.000 only through family reunification , not taking into account those who still come directly here and gain family reunification later ) . 
  you are basically saying '' do n't worry , the refugees might be a big city 's worth of young , unemployed males at this moment , but soon they 'll be a small country worth of families :d '' '', 
  i 'm none . 
  do you know what tokugawa did with his main force after instating his rule over the japanese clans ? 
  he sent them all in korea to fight and `` hopefully '' die at the hands of the chinese . 
  why , you ask ? 
  because all these men knew was suffering and war . 
  in times of peace , men like these , the young and without anything to do , started new unrest , always . 
  tokugawa knew this and sought to resolve it ( not an acceptable solution now , but pretty moderate in feudal japan ) . 
  history tells this tale again and again . 
  young men without occupation who 've seen shit and band together ... not a happy ending . 
  the solution would be to give the something to do . 
  but we know by now that they do n't integrate well ( see rosengard for a case study ) , and if they were to compete with the local population , they would be underskilled in comparison . 
  all they can do is get those jobs for lower wages . 
  and then you have the local young without an occupation , and you just traded a dissatisfied bored and ready for action group for another . 
  edit : it was hideyoshi , not tokugawa . 
  sadly , not true . 
  sadly , i have come to term with the fact that only future history will show people like you who are governed by good intentions devoid of any reality filter how naive your line of thought is ... 
  you do know that what you proposed is impossible in its entirety , right ? 
  make then swear not to follow or teach it ? 
  how old are you ? 
  if i 'd have to guess i 'd say very young because of the naivety you display ... and i 'm not trying to be mean . 
  this has been said to death . 
  how do you think what you are saying is supposed to be comforting ? 
  1st of all , that still means 75 % of those currently here are young , currently rash and without anything to do * males * . 
  that 's not a good demographic to have . 
  2nd what that means is that even if no more males come from now on , the number of immigrants will almost triple if everybody brings his family back ( and i say triples because i only took 1 wife and 1 child into account ; but if they have more children - and they usually have - and/or they bring they 're extended families with them - parents , sisters etc - then 800.000 migrants can easily become 2.000.000 - 3.800.000 only through family reunification , not taking into account those who still come directly here and gain family reunification later ) . 
  you are basically saying '' do n't worry , the refugees might be a big city 's worth of young , unemployed males at this moment , but soon they 'll be a small country worth of families :d '', 
  that tells us there is a sizable far right component to european politics , no matter where from , which seeks followers . 
  logically , supporting immigration will make it easier for the far right to gain power . 
  do we want that ? 
  that 's why i 'm also against immigration . 
  you can not change human nature . 
  you can not change how people react . 
  but you can be savvy and avoid bad reactions . 
  not to mention things like they will make us take refugees , however many they please , but we still ca n't enter schengen . 
  this pissed me off ... oh , what a fucking surprise ? 
  like it was n't foreseen by almost * everyone * as a claim to why letting immigrants in till the breaking point is bad ? 
  but people do n't listen to * nazi scum * now , do they ? 
  ethnicity is often left out , because you know ... racism . 
  and how do you know which source offers the truth ? 
  the one that already confirms your beliefs ? 
  how can you comment and defend an intellectual position when you are not even aware of your own confirmation bias ? 
  opinions ? 
  from now on , let facts and realistic expectations decide political alignment . 
  no , you read it wrong ... 
  how many links to videos in which immigrants refuse aid given to them because it is not up to their standards do you want ? 
  say a number , i will provide , it does n't even have to be reasonable . 
  test me . 
  chaos is profitable . 
  i wish more people would have this in their perspectives when judging things . 
  you prefer not discussing and rationalizing it , thus through discussion flaws may be pointed out , and instead just act on our fears and vote the right extremism ? 
  like it happened in countries in which discussing this issue brands you `` racist '' ? 
  ah , reductio ad hitlerum , the final destination of any opinionated 12 year old . 
  is there a reason it should n't ? 
  merkel can go fuck herself . 
  i 'd rather have an e.u without germany than have the smaller countries bullied .
