  have they actually killed in the past year ? 
  or did they just destroy stuff ? 
  anyone got any protest livestream ? 
   your country is still , today , the biggest producer of terrorism in the western world . 
  as far as i am aware the western world includes more than just northern ireland . 
   even mi6 sees ira as a bigger risk . 
  in the uk , but as we all know the uk is not the only european countr . 
  i wish, 
  yea as long as they do n't actually kill people in bigger numbers i do n't think anyone is going to care . 
   the world would be far more left . 
  more like center-left to economically liberal . 
  should we all become libertarians ? 
  they 're the party with the best educated electorate after all . 
  and the french region with the least amount of immigration , bretagne , votes left leaning . 
  people are also scared of what they know . 
  in germany for example , some of the most multicultural cities there are , mannheim and pforzheim , both had the afd win direct mandates . 
  you seem to view politics only through an anglo lense , quite self-centered honestly . 
  es gab neunmal so viele studenten in der nsdap wie in der erwerbst\u00e4tigen bev\u00f6lkerung insgesamt `` nine times as many university students in the nsdap as in the population as a whole '' their student organization also headed the elected body of german students from 1931 onwards . 
  yea i think the old voting for the far right is mostly an anglo phenomenon . 
  match me guys, 
   the history of their country the country of europe huh, 
  macron is hardly left . 
  it depends ? 
  le pen might be , but pinochet for example was definitely not . 
  look harder , the left combined is under 30 % . 
   its been a lot worse back in the 70s in france ? 
  this is a french election , not an european one . 
  and in france terrorism is not at an all time low . 
  i doubt the french care much whether ira or raf murder people or not . 
  in germany the afd got a lot of votes from the left party in the east, 
  his head looks like a potato tbh, 
  yea they only become 2nd largest party and force the largest one to move to the right . 
  le pen could win against fillon, 
  nah the french are used to stuff like this by now, 
  you have to ask in the thread on / r/newsokur, 
   have there been amas with people from other parties ?? 
  pretty sure other parties would just have to ask . 
  it 's a non argument tbh . 
  not necessarily , as she plans for a referendum on the eu . 
  4 day old account with sub 100 karma answering a 5 day old account with sub 100 karma . 
  hmm . 
  same in germany , but i think it 's mostly older people going back to retire . 
  for some reason i think eastern europeans would disagree . 
  is it the `` threat of invasion '' thing ? 
  what ? 
  people were pretty upset about trump calling nato `` obsolete '' . 
   if they left , it would make no difference . 
  yea , i 'm sure without americans europeans would defend the eastern eu border like one big happy family , 
  are you ? 
  the majority of turks live in the blue area . 
  lol, 
   educational degrees ? 
  what 's your issue with skinny jeans, 
  the turkish and iranian diasporas are very different though . 
  educational degrees ? 
  reading dan brown or run of the mill fantasy is hardly an indicator of education . 
  well yes generally won more decisively in their areas while both istambul and ankara were 51ish percent no . 
  fairly sure more people live in the blue areas . 
   there is no person anywhere in europe who is not critical of unchecked immigration and illegal immigration . 
  yea i was phrasing it that way to persiflage your comment , but the point is that i do n't see any of the factors that lead to le pen becoming more popular changing any time soon . 
   what exactly will happen in 5 years ? 
  probably the same things that have supported the rise of the fn et al. 
  in the past 5 years : migration , terrorism and a stagnating economy . 
  otoh there 's a shit ton of mlpd posters here , even rurally . 
  who the fuck does that ? 
  the catalonian people are a nation . 
  well this is a literal lenin quote . 
  is this party members only or casual supporters as well ? 
  how about meuthen ? 
  although he disagrees with kicking out h\u00f6cke . 
  i do n't think she is abandoning the party for political , but for personal reasons ( pregnancy ) . 
  the more interesting question is who is going to replace her as frontrunner , as someone from the right wing replacing her would probably mean the end of the party . 
  what does total/3 mean ? 
  it 's a literal translation of the german word for anglophone ( `` angels\u00e4chsisch '' ) . 
  i ca n't really give you a rundown , but what m\u00e9lenchon alludes to ( i guess ) is tspiras agreeing to what his creditors from the troika wanted of him , and basically `` betraying '' the left . 
  why do mirpuris do so badly ? 
  there is nothing to deflect about your inane argument . 
  glad to hear merkel loves russia , she speaks russian after all . 
  so the baltics and poland are n't allowed to join whatever organization they like ? 
  he prefers the canadian solution apparently . 
  appeasement does not work . 
  political compass is n't to be taken seriously tbh . 
  yea from my experience political compass is pretty biased , you 're pretty likely to end up in the green . 
  pretty sure there is actually , the young barely vote apparently . 
  source ? 
  i mean there 's multiple stages of liberalism , ane macron was afaik the person blamed for many of hollande 's reforms . 
  otoh fillon wants to dismiss 400 000 public servants iirc , which seems a lot more extreme than hollande . 
  macron seems a lot more status quo no ? 
  considering his involvement in the last government . 
  thatcherite reforms in france dont seem status quo-y at all . 
  screamin at the picture next to me le british humour, 
  how was that comment supporting trump ? 
  i agree , all of these choices seem terrible . 
  [ my favourite tweet of him ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/heikomaas/status/544403301664837632 ), 
  why is tunceli so pro-hayir ? 
  what does m\u00e4mmi actually taste like ? 
  france ? 
  obviously not even close to the same extent . 
  marlene mortler ? 
  what about corbyn ?
