  okay it 's fotze apparently, 
  pretty popular in germany as well, 
  i am deeply offended by your assumption of me being westphalian : , 
  did n't birmingham vote out ? 
  also many of france 's most leftist regions are the ones without any immigrants ( i.e. 
  the west and bretagne ) . 
  also in germany , the afd had great results in pforzheim , mannheim ( direct mandate in both ) , ludwigshafen ... all cities with a big immigrant population . 
  the world is not as easy as you 'd like it to be . 
  well they never went extinct , festival costumes apparently never existed in the first place as the region was too poor, 
  i 'm from the countryside actually ( bergisches land ) , but apparently the farmers were too poor to ever have festival costumes . 
  tfw when your native region never had a traditional costume :(, 
   die linke is pants on head retarded / r/de btfo, 
  they seem pretty libertarian , is the pvv as well ? 
   the things that have been done and are being done to muslims in europe what has been done to muslims in europe ? 
   so do n't try to wash your hands and say `` it 's someone else . '', 
  why not ? 
  it was n't my country that came up with the idea to invade libya or iraq , nor was it involved . 
  hahahaha fuck off with your relativism you piece of shit neither poland nor the us will kill you for apostasy or homosexual activity . 
  are you aware of how the nazi regime actually ended ? 
  oh , misunderstood that . 
  but they were still denied a military execution , despite some ( jodl iirc ) asking for it . 
  same thing with the nurember war criminals btw . 
  that is really not the case , and most of these maps are n't super common words - it is incomparable to the regional differences in , say , italy or spain . 
  additionally , while regional differences like op remain , german dialects are quickly dying , especially in the north and west . 
  `` do n't worry guys spd is about to win in germany '' - / r/europe, 
  and this does n't even show the warsaw pact dissolving . 
  it refers to the footlong ball, 
  soccer  football, 
  something along the lines of `` serbs were the third most murdered ethnic group in ww2 iirc '' , nothing malicious, 
  trump caused people in sweden to riot ? 
  he 's not only a seer , but also a magician !, 
  i doubt it , considering poles , ukrainians , russians etc. 
  died in the millions, 
  very poor satire then, 
  yes . 
  yet pretty much every succesful in the world that is worth living in is a democracy . 
  funny how that works huh . 
  and the nazi-collaborating croats were actively perpetrating a genocide of serbs . 
  and you , obviously , have the right idea what the right choices are . 
   overpopulation in sweden ? 
   but france 's two biggest far-right news sites -- egalit\u00e9 et r\u00e9conciliation and fdesouche -- have just 422,000 facebook followers between them ; le monde has 3.6 million . 
  likely because it is more socially acceptable to facebook like le monde than far right websites . 
  they were islamized later on ( and are , for the most part , to this day ) . 
  isnt the uk segregated as fuck ? 
  fair enough, 
  you realize sd are one of sweden 's best polling parties ? 
  it appears to me it isnt only americans having issues with mass immigration . 
  assumed you speak german because of your nick , if ypu do n't , just google `` h\u00f6cke dresden speech '', 
  look for h\u00f6cke dresden speech, 
  h\u00f6cke 's newest speech did n't exactly help . 
   older people tends to vote le pen a le pen polls worst with the oldest, 
  le pen is most popular with the young , and least popular with the old . 
  `` old people vote right wing and young people vote left wing '' is mostly an anglo phenomenon . 
  [ your police ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-security-police-iduskcn12a1ws ), 
  there was plenty of far right protesting as well lol, 
  which is why germany has legal weed and gay mqrriage in much of the country oh wait, 
   granted it 's not exactly a comparable situation glad you noticed that yourself, 
  ya except germany has like twice the population of california lol, 
  [ `` fox news '' ] ( http://mobile.reuters.com/article/iduskcn12a1ws ), 
   you ca n't even argue its a majority . 
   why ? 
  yet ressentiments against slavs are far less widespread ( not saying they do n't exist ) . 
  even among people without any roots in russia pro-russian sentiment is n't uncommon in my experience . 
  many of the russians who came to germany as nominally germans had only little connection to german beyond their ancestors or maybe some family , they are russian in most other aspects ( i.e. 
  culture , language ), 
   the left party traditionally had a better relationship to russia that 's an interesting way of saying `` the left party traditionally used to be a soviet satellite party '', 
  well merkel wo n't be at the top forever , and it is possible that whoever succeeds her will be more open to cooperation with the afd . 
  that 's not the point though , the point is  the other parties in parliament historically refused any formal governmental cooperation with the progress party to emphasize  statements like these have ended up not being uphold in other european countries . 
  there is plenty of example of far right/anti-immigration parties in government , in denmark , austria , italy , finland for example . 
  you also ignored my second link . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/progress_party_ ( norway ) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_rutte_cabinet off the top of my head that being said , i do n't see it happen with the drift to the right that is currently happening within the afd . 
   and none of the other parties want a coalition with them . 
  opinions can change . 
  statements like these have ended up not being uphold in other european countries . 
   they lasted long enough back when russia and germany teamed up against them . 
  it 's an internet poll so yea, 
  was n't meant as a 1984 reference tbh, 
  the ministry of truth, 
  https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article152018368/1054-strafanzeigen-nach-uebergriffen-von-koeln.html as you can see sexualdelikt beats sexuelle beleidigung ( which cat calling falls under ) by a couple hundred, 
  yes . 
  still more than a couple dozen - and even more important , unprecedented and national news . 
  ~ 500 reported sexual assaults is a little more than a cpuple dozen , dont you think ? 
   2 people getting fingerbanged , a dozen getting groped and a few dozen getting catcalled is pretty much the definition of local news . 
  while you might feel this to be true with all your heart , it is obviously not , as depicted by the news articles posted by me . 
  two thirds were in the station or directly in front of it : https://www.welt.de/politik/deutschland/article152018368/1054-strafanzeigen-nach-uebergriffen-von-koeln.html, 
  http://www.spiegel.de/panorama/justiz/koeln-silvesteruebergriffe-die-ermittlungsergebnisse-a-1085716.html not sure what youre trying to prove with that zeit article anyway . 
  it is literally the amount of reported offenses in the area around cologne central station on nye . 
  no estimates . 
   rundschau  national media ... 
  55 $ / month according to one of the pictues , and you get 65 $ in coupons for the student store , so i guess technically it 's free . 
  ngl some factories and chimneys can be somewhat comfy, 
  `` you ca n't know muslims you have never interacted with them '' only works with americans lad, 
  they are still higher than the native population 's . 
   that sounds exactly like what a 1930 's nazi german might say about jews . 
   it 's really not lol , the nazis definitely saw the jews as a different race . 
  seriously ? 
  source ? 
  i dont think anyone who follows wilders identifies as a part of an american neo nazi internet movement . 
   it 's only the anti-communists who ever claimed that ussr was communist . 
  there is plenty of communists who think the ussr is an example to follow though , communist or not .
