  good luck mate , 
  interesting how most no voters speak english , and yes voters do n't . 
   and has very questionable views can you share ? 
  i do n't see how that changes anything though . 
  he was racist . 
   some accounts on him having racist views during his youth `` some accounts '' being his own book . 
  he was racist during his youth , he might 've changed his views later on . 
   it is safe to say , historically speaking , that the 24-year-old guevara was in fact a racist . 
  [ ... ] by the time he became internationally renown , che guevara was no racist . 
  i do n't see how that changes anything . 
  i did . 
  it does n't refute what i said ; che guevara was a racist . 
   it is safe to say , historically speaking , that the 24-year-old guevara was in fact a racist . 
  che guevara was . 
  there is still a lot more that can be done , like prekindergarten care ( krippen ) everywhere . 
  it is not by coincidence that the east , where there 's already wide krippen coverage , has the highest birth rates in germany . 
  i kind of hate the global homogenization of clothes nowadays tbh . 
  * what the eu would look like, 
  most of them are pretty funny, 
  yeah i agree with parts of his post , but calling people shills wo n't help in trying to make his point believable . 
  it was 1live , the song was pretty much pop with a very dominating voice . 
  nah none of those : / thanks a lot though, 
  english, 
  so this might seem kind of vague , but there 's a song played a lot atm that has a very passionate voice . 
  i had an earworm of it the other day but ca n't remember the lyrics sadly . 
  music taste is subjective . 
  http://m.imgur.com/aqmmxyc i write smaller mostly , but it looks awful when i do n't care . 
   to be seen wearing sweatpants in public without a gym bag in hand or actually doing sports is seen as trashy . 
  depends on your age i guess . 
  teens gon na teen . 
   also , i am 19 years old . 
  yea i figured, 
  nice username and as usual everyone disagreeing is a shill . 
  but this way donezk can get both ec and wc in such a short timespan !, 
  i 'm sure the people living in those areas would love to join germany !, 
  countries hard : 1:28 , if you get non-coastal countries in the beginning you 're pretty fucked capitals hard : 1:01, 
  racist , sexist holocaust denier / u/soccer used to moderate tons of subreddits from / r/xkcd to / r/eupolitics , but lost the top mod position in all of them due to inactivity . 
  romanians have so-so relations with the hungarians . 
  it 's pretty interesting dont you think so ? 
  interesting disparity between montenegro and serbia , considering they used to be the same country not too long ago . 
  you were just joking obviously , but a ridiculous amount of people get pissed when americans use the word soccer . 
  they were about to when their leader died iirc . 
  yes they realized it 's not fun to be on the losing side . 
  how noble of them . 
  turns out losing world wars comes with inconveniences . 
  well it 's not like their empire came from nothing . 
  is n't it more like the other way around ? 
  i 'd consider most hispanics as white . 
  suck it belarus, 
  i 'm pretty sure there is no big difference . 
  we had snow exactly once this winter , not exactly worth it . 
  it is de facto , but not de jure . 
  ( it 's called `` federal city '' ) source : http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/hauptstadtfrage_der_schweiz, 
   first of all , milka is not german . 
  wow that just blew my mind . 
  well at least the family depicted in the video seemed fairly normal , i 'd probably be ok with this kind of home schooling in germany . 
  but homeschooling every day of the week ? 
  that ca n't be good for the social development of the children . 
  i 'm just barely a2 level in spanish after having had spanish in school for ~ 3 years . 
  long one = vietnam , round one = cambodia , the other one is laos, 
  submit this to / r/mapporn , it 's a very interesting map . 
  the last eu3 game i played , lithuania and ming had a common border somewhere in central asia . 
  yea , nothing beats eu3 in border ugliness . 
  well my last vicky 2 game prussia annexed moravia and slovakia , that was pretty ugly . 
  also ck2 has tons of ugly borders sadly , especially due to crusades . 
  yes it is http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rail_baltica, 
  from the german wikipedia . 
  to be fair , i do n't think there are sources for either claim and overall he seemed to be a conservative monarchist as you described him . 
  lettow-vorbeck 's political views were n't that far off hitler 's though ; he welcomed hitler 's rise to power at first and after the war he was in favour of the apartheid regime in south africa . 
  yes , they teach a lot about the interwar period, 
   emphasized wwii and holocaust , a lot creation of germany from the hre to the german empire rome/ancient greece revolutions in europe , for some reason the glorious revolution was covered the most  covered briefly/left out basically everything outside of europe , besides cold war and colonization, 
  s\u00fcddeutsche is decent i think , aswell as tagesschau.de , but neither have a english version ( at least i have n't found it ), 
  yes , now that you mention it , nobody asked me . 
  but still takes a lot of time i think . 
  it takes a lot of time to analyse 80,5 million questionnaires i guess . 
  there is also jana as a female version . 
  what 's up with dailymotion ? 
  as far as i know ( which is not secure to be accurate ) they only count people who are actively looking for a job . 
  thanks a lot !, 
  could you explain how this draft system works ? 
  would be very nice , i do n't really know anything about it . 
  just at the same time as denmark because it was a part of denmark , was n't it ? 
  never heard of him . 
  just press the caption button . 
  why should n't the dutch talk about africa ? 
  do you mean the belgians ? 
  i 'm not a comic book fan , but for that book it was worth spending 30 $ . 
  absolutely love him . 
  where do you live ? 
  i think it depends on location . 
  these are mostly tourists tbh, 
  who on there is from srs ? 
  hahahahahaha you ca n't possibly be serious, 
  i 'm talking about the article at hand , about women getting raped . 
  i am well aware there 's syrians smuggling people, 
  any source these were syrians ? 
  the spiegel article i read was about maghrebis trading african and asian ( probably sa/sea ) women . 
  imagine the drama , for that alone it would be worth it . 
   does one say `` vorgl\u00fchen '' as well in germany ? 
  yup,
