   far right victories in scotland ( 2014 ) wat, 
  france has a higher percentage of foreign born resident than germany . 
  8,8 % of the french population are immigrants , that 's a lot for an european country . 
   economic migration is a basic human right . 
  pretty sure that 's an attempt at a joke , trump has n't posted anything on twitter as far as i can tell . 
  does anyone know why french parties rename themselves so often ? 
  especially the republicans seem to do it all the time . 
  i agree , i do n't really see macron changing any of the things that got the far right to 35 % in the first place . 
  it was an aggressive shit show and macron came out looking better, 
  fairly light here as well, 
  i 'm referring to americans in this thread who somehow managed to make the results of an european election into a victory versus the american right , and who as a result spam their shitty memes here . 
  well duh, 
  that is untrue : https://qz.com/966823/the-frontrunner-in-frances-election-is-young-voters-third-choice/, 
   because the youth tend to be on the left of the political spectrum . 
  stop trying to see european elections through an anglo lense . 
  and afaik , in the first round le pen was strong with the youth , but she barely gained any young voters for the second round . 
  i assume he 'll be a candidate at the next presidential election again . 
  all of those are epp/ecr members . 
  sorry , forgot about you , though even fp\u00d6 never got higher than 27 % federally . 
  also the best result for a far right party in a eu country since 1945 . 
  you have fptp , which is very discouraging for many voters who live in districts safely held by one party . 
  good job , thank you . 
  i figured as much , there 's a similar nz poster floating around that is also fake news : https://i.imgur.com/k4wsvkn.jpg, 
  source ? 
  eh , at least in germany being a former maoist is somewhat common in politics . 
  we 'll give you berlin for free, 
  eh medizinertest is n't that bad i do n't think , you can take a weekend course to prepare and it apparently is n't that hard , in fact all three people i know closely irl who study or studied medicine got in by way of medizinertest . 
  getting an apprenticeship to study medicine is quite the hassle though i agree . 
  though a friend of mine is doing that and it 's quite fun apparently . 
  there 's also other possibilities like the `` medizinertest '' or certain types of apprenticeships . 
   ah yeah the old brain drain of people many of whomever would otherwise be claiming welfare in their own countries . 
  these are not the only people emmigrating , though . 
  romania for example is experiencing a huge lack of doctors as many leave for richer eu countries . 
  my dermatologist is romanian for example . 
  well plenty of languages along those lines do n't exist anymore or are on the verge of dying out : frisian , lower german , occitan , cornish , ladin etc. 
  because centralisation has historically lead to loss and marginalization of regional cultures . 
  yea poles just * love * russia, 
  thank you . 
  obviously , but i 'd like to see a complete breakdown . 
  where are `` other '' from ? 
   well that 's totally normal there in lebanon ? 
  asterix and the roman agent is my favorite . 
  so far israel is the only country i found where macron did n't win ( fillon 60 % ) . 
   although she has influential parents as well kind of an understatement do n't you think, 
  i mean that sounds like your run of the mill upper middle class career woman . 
  just like ivanka i guess . 
  you could ask the same about some of the other attendees . 
  the queen of netherlands is there as well , not exactly an elected woman of high accomplishments . 
  ivanka got invited by merkel afaik . 
  you 're more of a lost son than a small brother , no worries . 
  well the corsicans do . 
  you are right of course , but the point remains , fn hardly only live in rural areas . 
  except they did very well in bw and rlp as well , even getting a direct mandate in mannheim . 
   the vast amount of people live in areas that see almost no immigration . 
  21 % of inhabitants of cities with more than 100k inhabitants voted fn . 
  well pvv was the second strongest party in rotterdam . 
  well , bretagne , the french place with the least muslims , also votes le pen the least . 
  what i take from this is that m\u00e9lenchon can still win guys !, 
  how does this map look like for 2012 ? 
  i guess german politicians did n't get your message, 
  i 've been voting for establishment candidates all my life ; but i do n't delude myself into thinking i am a revolutionary . 
  the revolutionary act of voting for an establishment candidate . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/flight_and_expulsion_of_germans_ ( 1944 -- 50 ), 
  there'a first round where every candidate can be voted for , and if no candidate gets more than 50 % there is a second round with the two candidates with the most votes . 
  the winner of the second round is president . 
  nah pretty sure they 've always been there, 
  thank you !, 
  why are you guys so obsessed with t_d, 
  this is the highest they 've ever gotten in a presidential election . 
  second time they 'll get into the second round , and they 're projected to beat the result of the last time they got into the second round by ~ 20 points . 
  what exactly is macron 's stance on immigration ? 
   quite literally a nazi, 
  true . 
  wtf i love macron now, 
  pretty good, 
  i mean mannheim + ludwigshafen ( where the afd did very well as well ) have nearly half a million people , that pretty big by german standards . 
  20 % increase in 15 years . 
  why are you bringing the us into this ? 
  we 're on an european subreddit . 
  i mean it 's hardly an exception , mannheim for example had a direct afd mandate as well . 
  eh , the afd had 14 % in berlin 's last election . 
  by the way , why does the fn do so well in places like guyana ? 
  melenchon and le pen have got more in common than trump and sanders ( i.e. 
  leftish economical policies ) . 
   vvd is nowhere close to the front nacional though . 
  that 's the point though , taking big talking points like immigration from the extreme right to starve them off their voter base so the people voting for these parties see their wishes become reality without the far right with its cuckoo policies actually coming into power . 
  where have you gotten these numbers from ? 
  source ? 
  did n't the dutch election kind of show what the government can do ? 
  with the vvd moving to the right on topics like immigration . 
  good . 
  he 's really not that great looking tbh . 
  fillon is better looking . 
  they 're organized ( at least the ones committing most of the violence ) , they 're just extremely splintered and mostly organized on a city by city basis ( for ideological reasons i guess , as most of extreme leftist violence in germany is committed by autonomous anarchists ) . 
  the point is , anyway , as long as the ira and its splinter groups do n't kill people , nobody will care about them . 
  islamic terror on the other hand killed a couple of hundred people in the past decades , and has committed attacks on some of our values ( free speech ) . 
  i doubt he will be able to do anything to stop the rising extremism in france . 
  yea the extreme left in germany alone committed ~ 1000 violent attacks on police officers , ~ 800 violent attacks against the extreme right , 500 violent attacks against state property and 8 attempted murders in 2015 . 
  pretty sure that beats the ira , and i imagine countries like italy , frane and spain beat this . 
  yet islamic terror is worse than all of these as it actually kills people .
