  otoh the far right is doing better than ever in a lot of europe . 
  he keeps bombing assad . 
  yea but the soldier is younger and better built . 
  he just looks tougher . 
  wow the desperation in his voice : /, 
  does n't `` politician '' imply him to have some sort of function ? 
  as far as i can tell all he is is the former head of a local afd section . 
   except all catalans do have spanish and more than half of them embrace the spanish culture as theirs , and they include their catalan identity among the spanish there should be no problem with holding an independence referendum then . 
  why ? 
  polls for the first batch of german regional elections were pretty inaccurate . 
  yea , the top 10 posts on / r/de are humor post of some kind right now . 
  [ read this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_nationalism_in_austria ), 
  considering this is written in english i 'm pretty sure the purpose of that post was getting linked everywhere, 
  these keep getting worse, 
  are they though ? 
  for a few dozen guys they sure get a lot of media attention . 
  a graph in which the lib dems are more authoritarian than labour and in which the conservatives are as far to the authoritarian right as possible does n't deserve more tbh . 
  the political compass is pretty shit tbh . 
  so what ? 
  the reddit vote system is utter shit , as it prioritizes the earliest votes . 
  as a result quickly understood memes and clickbait that can be upvoted based on the headline alone will always be more prominent than actual journalism , where the article takes a bit to read . 
  banning shit clickbait sites like the daily mail , the huffpost and ( hopefully ) the independent does at least something to counteract the problem , though it does not fix it . 
  eh guardian does have decent journalism besides the stupid clickbait they produce . 
  the indy otoh should definitely be banned . 
  there 's a couple of incidents like this , in the city of g\u00f6ttingen for example they have gotten another 1000 votes . 
  probably wo n't change the result , but plays very well into their narrative . 
  the sp\u00d6 did so as well apparently , which lead to the rise of the fp\u00d6 in the following elections . 
  they do , and know they 'd prefer left leaning parties . 
  also like noted feminist sebastian kurz is going to do . 
  belgium or romania . 
   an analysis of all 16 german states showed that those bundesl\u00e4nder with a high proportion of foreign workers have lower unemployment and higher levels of risk capital investment yea that has to be related to the immigrants and not the fact that the states with the least immigrants are the formerly communist east which still has to catch up after 40 years of socialism . 
  yugoslavia freed itself . 
  this is just as shit as it was when posted yesterday, 
  when did the fn last get sub 5 % ? 
  why do people believe him to be innocent ? 
  who exactly did he kill ? 
  when did the fn last get sub 5 % ? 
  what are the expected results of new elections ? 
  are populists going to gain votes ? 
  needs more labels, 
  yea , there is absolutely no war or conflict in eastern europe , especially in ukraine . 
  yea wouldnt want nrw to become bayern amirite, 
  eh cdu winning so much surprised me personally . 
  i do n't know any cdu voter who is religious tbh, 
  i liked the french entry :( but i even liked yours when you got last, 
  no , what i said is literally is what you are in favor of . 
  it 's not a `` good quip '' . 
  the money one moroccan costs in welfare and housing here can be used to make the life of scores of people in places like niger worthwhile . 
  of course this implies our welfare systems would still be a thing after we open our borders to tens of millions of migrants . 
  yea if these people have actual houses in their home countries ( morocco and bangladesh mind you , not syria ) there is little to no reason to take them in . 
  these things are not mutually exclusive . 
  rich enough to pay the people smugglers to come to europe , yet , for the most part , too low skilled for the european work market . 
   we should take in the ones that come here because we have the broadest shoulders , we really ought to take them in . 
   ... so we should only take in those that are rich , healthy and strong enough to come here ? 
  that 's a pretty social darwinist approach . 
  so do you want to take in every single poor person in the world ? 
  do you want to accomodate billions of people ? 
  also the bangladeshis who come here arent the poorest of the poor , as travelling from bangladesh to libya is pretty expensive . 
   if we all stopped spending quite so much on armies putin will thank you . 
  moldova got robbed also thanks ireland , never knew i loved you before, 
  yea it 's a shame . 
  [ there can only be one . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vghwfiavqja ), 
   being sent to gulag was in no way a death sentance , in fact the peak rate of 25 % deaths was in ' 42 - '43 because of the nazi invasion and lack of resources . 
  reminds me of the argument that the only reason people died in concentration camps were the allies bombing supply trains  ) ), 
   at least the specifically right-wing nationalism we are talking about here are we though ? 
  i thought we were talking about nationalism as in being in favor of the nation state , not the national chauvinist version . 
  a high official of a government that is being reelected tomorrow says something controversial ? 
  huh, 
  [ frequency of usage of the word `` l\u00fcgenpresse '' in the internet forum of the austrian daily `` der standard '' since 2014 ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/de/f/f7/haeufigkeit.gif ), 
  why would that make him not austrian ? 
  the german equivalent of the rust belt is n't expected to vote for her in the first place . 
  did n't we have to pay fines, 
  is this representative at all by the way ? 
  turkey is the only country wanting to expand the eu , lol . 
  right wing, 
  pp - center right psoe - center left podemos - far left ciudadanos - liberal, 
  the ussr was built upon leninist principles who added to marx ' works a way of transitioning towards a stateless , communist society ( via the vanguard party and the transitory state ) . 
   second , the ussr never considered itself fully communist where did i state they did ? 
  that 's an easy mistake to do considering the soviets aimed to establish communism . 
  the soviet union was lead by a leninist party . 
  leninists are marxists who advocate a transitory state between capitalism and communism ( the stateless society you speak of ) . 
  hence the soviet union thought of themselves as marxist . 
  i wonder why, 
   maybe they know soviet union was not marxist . 
  the soviets would disagree with them . 
  well 26 % -30 % is still horrible if you consider what they used to get historically . 
  is there any country where the center left is n't doing horribly ? 
  polls are contradictory : http://i.imgur.com/hrldsj6.jpg i do n't think exit polls should be taken as gospel . 
  also even in your poll 36 % of young people voted le pen , making it hardly only `` strictly a middle-aged phenomena '' . 
  can you elaborate ? 
  there are protests against macron , but only from the far left . 
  i 'm not sure who this door mat is supposed to be , i fear he did not use enough labels . 
  yea this sub 's obsession with t_d is very annoying . 
  it 's a meme you dip, 
  dork, 
  bad economic situation in the north east and former algerian settlers in the south east afaik . 
  idk about alsace , but it has always been right leaning, 
  the centre right is starting to open up to a coalition with sd afaik . 
  yea , hence le pen did n't win .
