  yet these were also othered by the antisemites and eventually genocided . 
  that guy literally has 13 followers on twitter why does this get any attention . 
  yet the finns speak english very well despite their language being completely unrelated to english , mostly due to the prevalence of english language media there . 
  you realize german citizens have succesfully applied for asylum ? 
   and is that bad ? 
  multiculturalism has failed - angela m. 
  molenbeek is pretty shit yes, 
  do people unironically change their way of thought because of stupid people in a shitty online forum ? 
   we 're ridiculed for our refusal to let english become so dominant in our life i think that 's a great thing and envy the french because of it , r europe is hardly of uniform opinion regarding this issue . 
  what a shame . 
   crimes must be persecuted this law does not lead to persecution , it only leads to private companies being the arbiter of what is okay to say . 
  yea but this is due to reddit following an order of some german institution . 
  fitting as the low amount of polish guns is a direct result of leftism, 
  you ate the bait, 
   meanwhile hookers and gambling run rampant everywhere as everyone gets piss drunk . 
  wtf i love germany now, 
  cdu is pretty unpopular on r de, 
  germans can change their government at any point . 
  they do n't want to , though . 
  vote for die linke ? 
  or do you need some kind of strong man figure by the way , do you know what sanders and corbyn have in common ? 
  they lost , so i guess schulz is their german version after all, 
  all other politicians absolutely hate people on the other hand, 
  i mean the weimar republic actually had quite strict gun laws , as a result the only people with guns were the former ww1 veterans and their organizations ( freikorps ) . 
  democratic forces basically did n't have a chance to arm themselves . 
  it is a lot easier to use `` russian tactics '' when you only have a localized , ethnic insurgency like in chechny than if you have a country-wide insurgency carried by all ethnic groups . 
   imo this is something that makes some sense in the pre modern era of warfare , when armoured vehicles and air warfare became factors but now it 's mostly redundant . 
  why ? 
  armies with armoured vehicles and an air force have lost plenty of times to badly armed insurgents . 
  nearly , they saved an owl, 
  tbf sweden has very free markets etc. 
  yea but for the most part they looted and pillaged from catholics so that 's aight . 
  it 's written by austrians iirc so yea . 
  true , the canadian immigration system is something to be imitated for a lot of the european far right . 
  this is wrong for germany at the very least , the turnout for the 2013 election was 71 % . 
  [ romans thought of themselves as being descended of this guy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aeneas ), 
  it is indeed , thank you !, 
  he lost 57-43 to a rem candidate in case anyone is curious . 
  which one did he compete for ? 
  same way ukip can get 10 % + of the vote and only get a single mp . 
  though i guess fn voters did n't bother to turn out this election anyway . 
   the main point , though , is that it is not massively affecting how people are voting . 
  if it were , you might expect to see merkel heavily punished for how she handled the migrant situation . 
  the opposite is true : she is being rewarded . 
  politics is hardly as easy though . 
  german ( and european ) politics have in the recent past undeniably shifted to the right . 
  ever since the refugee crisis the cdu has done a lot to position itself as a party that is harsh on asylum laws and deportations , gaining support from both potential afd voters who feel like the party has radicalized too much ( the current decline in afd votes correlates with h\u00f6cke 's disgusting dresden speech ) and people who used to vote for the center left but feel like being somewhat harsh on immigration might be benefitial . 
  basically people might be critical of her handling of the migrant crisis , but not are n't completely opposed to taking in refugees and trust the cdu to handle immigration . 
  being concerned about immigration does not have to mean the removal of all foreigners in the country , but can also mean being realistic about immigration , asylum and the challenges that come with it . 
  that is my interpretation , at least . 
  [ that being said , you are not wrong about the number declaring immigration to be germany 's most important problem declining . 
  [ they are , actually . 
  but germans think of it as an important issue : https://de.statista.com/statistik/daten/studie/2739/umfrage/ansicht-zu-den-wichtigsten-problemen-deutschlands/ and so do countries like france sweden and the netherlands apparently considering the success of right and far right parties all over europe that has been shifting the overton window in the last few years . 
   really , really nasty dialect pretty sure that 's just the standard palatinate dialect, 
  talking about stuff like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aardakh ), 
  satirical genocide denial is still genocide denial, 
  light-hearted , self aware genocide denial, 
  but i thought macedonians were bulgarians :\\ ^ ), 
  you seem like kind of a dork not going to lie, 
  i 'm not criticizing him , i 'm criticizing his wife . 
  both are weird also neither trump nor clooney hooked up with their student . 
  it 's german slang for masturbating, 
  when are the results going to be starting to come in ? 
  yea but mostly because his mental state was part of his defense strategy at court . 
  i cant think of any european terrorist who was excused for his mental illness by european media . 
  this seems to be an american thing . 
  for context , istanbul 's population population grew by more than 14 million since 1950 , and a lot of this growth came from the migration of conservative eastern turkish people, 
  `` deleted '' means they deleted it themselves . 
  if a mod had deleted it it would say `` removed '', 
  [ what are you saying ] ( http://www.actors.co.ke/en/news/telly_otieno_in_the_mashal_of_finland12.jpg ), 
  tbh i never got why they were n't allowed to keep southern slovakia, 
  marx is more normie than kierkegaard tbh, 
  welcome lindnerzug !, 
  only economically liberal, 
  france and germany actually have a comparable amount of muslims , but germany has a bigger population . 
   i do n't think you know enough about socialism  russia was n't socialist . 
  they were communist . 
  china is communist . 
  communism = / = socialism . 
  socialism is a combination of capitalism and communism . 
  hmm, 
  what are , policy-wise , the differences between moderates and center ? 
  is n't north korea pretty peaceful ? 
  it honestly varies a lot from store to store . 
  same with edeka ( as many are franchises ), 
  wew and i thought the trump-hitler comparisons were ridiculous, 
   and a strongly diminished quality of life . 
   that depends on your point of view i guess . 
  and i do n't think the kind of person moving from germany to the us cares about health care ( as the kind of job said person would take is very likely to include health care benefits ) or public transport ( as that 's for old people , poor people , and students ) . 
  as the other guy said , it 's mostly the former . 
  fwiw there 's plenty of chatter about immigratin to the us among people i know . 
  for a lot more money as well , which is the main motivation for moving i guess, 
  gerrysmandering does n't play into the presidential election . 
  fptp is shit though , i agree , but that was what they campaigned . 
  not really , ca n't find too many parallels tbh . 
  god i love europe, 
  there `` s been another bombing a few days agi . 
   no , not really . 
  you have parties like afd [ ... ] that have practically collapsed altogether . 
  til polling around 7-8 % and sitting in 13 of 16 state parliaments is `` collapsing altogether '' .
