yes . 
  without a higher hirth rate , our social systems are not sustainable . 
  there 's plenty of people saved by the intervention : http://kurdishquestion.com/article/3887-more-than-100-yazidi-women-and-children-saved-by-sdf-in-raqqa-ypj-commander etc. 
  as i said before , i do n't think the people at the receiving ends of isis ' genocides would agree with you . 
  aq never managed to create anything similar to the is . 
  * it is too late to do so to stop isis, 
  yea but the milk has been spilt , it is too late to do so - you ca n't try to take away their public support while they at the same time are committing a genocide . 
  so what is your alternative ? 
  just let these genocides happen ? 
  watch as the is empire spans from aleppo to baghdad ? 
  depends - is another genocide being committed ? 
  hopefully . 
  never seen any of the first two , but corvettes are n't super uncommon . 
   i 'm saying they mean nothing . 
  fairly sure the yazidis these air strikes saved from a genocide disagree . 
  you realize the quran is the literal , unchanged word of god for all times , and muhammad is the perfect human being ? 
  you realize muhammad 's wives themselves wore the niqab ? 
  heute show is pretty shit tbh, 
  worth noting that dialects are dead in huge parts of germany . 
  did you read the article ? 
  because it does n't appear you have . 
   i think we should dissolve the federation , does that make me anti-german ? 
   only if you like adorno a lot, 
  you have never met one ? 
  he already said he is charismatic and well-spoken , but yea he 's fun too, 
  2001 and 2008 , according to that list . 
   do n't they have some kind of left wing/social democrat government in place at the moment  yes , but indonesian society is becoming more islamised since some time now . 
  that poll was debunked fyi . 
  daily reminder that mannheim and pforzheim , some of the most diverse cities in germany , had direct afd mandates . 
  also die linke has their strongholds in the east anyway , and much of western germany is a right wing cdu stronghold . 
  these were local elections . 
  they are decided by persons , people vote for their guy because they are in the same sch\u00fctzenverein or whatever , and the issues are stuff like fixing the road . 
  the upcoming election in berlin is way more important . 
  it was france 's idea mostly actually . 
  oh yes , must have been hard to integrate all those 70 000 muslims . 
   crosses , at least visible on the walls of schools , were banned due to a court-ruling a couple of years ago . 
   they are ? 
  might want to start enforcing that . 
  my city 's got canned :(, 
  wow i hate france now, 
  sadly, 
  how is germany unsafe ? 
  are you familiar with the concept of representative democracy ? 
  there is an is branch in afghanistan who are in conflict with the taliban, 
  they still help for sunshade though, 
  well a pvv government would, 
  dozens of papers did , but a german newspaper ( s\u00fcddeutsche zeitung ) got the original leak . 
  i doubt murdoch isnt ` t. 
  yea but why do fillon voters like melenchon more than him ? 
  why is hamon so disliked ? 
  just his association with the socialist party ? 
  but north korea is n't a democratic republic , while the soviet union was working towards their marxist utopia at least until stalin died . 
  someone like ceausescu is more arguable i reckon . 
  i 'm ~ 1m95 and it 's not too bad in my experience , not really worse than a train ride . 
   it started as marxism-leninism but in the mid 20 's and 30 's stalin began developing it 's own form of communism based on marxism but with many major differences . 
  stalin always called himself ( and the soviet union ) a marxist-leninist , and he barely contributed theory . 
  mostly just his `` socialism in one country '' . 
  were clearly marxists . 
  / s they certainly thought of themselves as marxists . 
  we 'd go back to stats similar to feudalism , yea . 
  not to the same extent , no . 
   are you saying that capitalism is working ? 
   [ yes . 
   the soviet union was n't really marxist as it was more of a totalitarian dictatorship with a state monopoly . 
  that 's how leninists interpreted marxism . 
  he had jewish ancestors , but his family was n't jewish and he did n't think of himself as one . 
  his father converted to lutheranism . 
  i have no point - i was responding to a guy asserting religion is the only reason for homophobia . 
  which is inaccurate . 
  homophobia exists independent of religion . 
  they poll between 29 and 33 depending on the poll . 
  is it ? 
  they 're still the second biggest political group , but they 're doing worse than ever before . 
  german social democrats still poll under 30 percent which would have been unimaginable just 15 years ago . 
  until when does the sale last ? 
  how was it exaggerated ? 
   berlin, 
  estonia and czechia are literally the least religious countries on earth . 
  they 're playing the `` pkk are godless atheists , pious kurds should n't join it '' angle . 
  any chance of hamon dropping out and supporting m\u00e9lenchon ? 
  i ddi n't remove anything , i guess mods did so . 
  probably should n't joke around in a thread like this . 
  not have trucks , probably . 
  truck attacks happen `` all the time '' in africa and asia ? 
  ` no way to prevent this , ' says only continent where this regularly happens, 
  what ? 
  since 2001 the majority of deaths in europe as a result of terror attacks were the work of islamic terrorists . 
   nobody would bat an eyelid if it were macron with a wife 24 years his junior . 
  fairly sure people would bat an eyelid about a male 41 year old teacher having a relationship with his 17 year old pupil . 
  no , as there never was a dialect continuum ( i.e. 
  one village would always understand the next one ) between czech and german . 
  czechia mightve gotten more germanized though , and czech might have been marginalized like sorbian is today ( though probably to a lesser extent ), 
  do you know why ? 
  what are the differences between each of them ? 
  tbf having two trotskyist candidates under 1 % is a very trotskyist thing to do . 
  baldin pre teen means tons of testosteron tbh, 
  i think the point is that millions of republicans in california and new york wo n't ever bother to vote as their state will go r 100 % . 
  same with states like utah the other way around but these have less population . 
  uh what ? 
  nazis killed tons of people in street fights before they got into power .
