  i 'd guess at french ? 
  it would undermine the conservatives severely and likely aid right wing nationalist parties like ukip . 
  this is why i think cameron should have voided the referendum results then quit . 
  westminster changed the sea borders in 1999 so some of england 's sea border is [ closer to scotland ] ( http://naebd.neocities.org/boundaries.png ) . 
  westminster walks all over scotland so it 's no surprise scottish nationalism is on the rise . 
  also the uk and ireland already operate their own mini-schengen ( common travel area ) and ireland joining schengen would have caused problems with that . 
  unfortunately , on such matters ireland is being held hostage by westminster . 
  if only it were up to merkel 's allies ... 
  i can understand most of it in written form because it 's often obvious what the words mean but when someone is speaking it then it 's harder to understand . 
  i guess the same can be said for a lot of languages . 
  i imagine people outside of the uk would find it harder . 
  the uk has the [ robin ] ( http://ih1.redbubble.net/image.5021141.1568/flat,1000x1000,075,f.jpg ) , but scotland also has the golden eagle . 
  they will invoke it when they have a proper plan set out because at the moment they clearly do n't . 
  i do n't believe they thought leaving the eu was going to happen . 
  rushing into things could be disastrous . 
  it took greenland 3 years to leave and the uk 's economy is much more complex than greenland 's . 
  i hate it . 
  the uk public think they take more than anyone , but that is an obvious lie . 
  the pretend right wing are winning :-(, 
  i meant ca n't , not can ... 
  there 's a much higher proportion of people from poland . 
  they 're the third biggest immigrant group after india and pakistan ( who were in the british empire so there 's a history there ) and it 's been very quick . 
  there are far less immigrants from western europe because they largely share similar prosperity , so when people from sweden , france , germany etc they usually do it for work . 
  of course , polish people come here to work but it 's usually low paid skilled work , and people are blaming this for keeping wages down in industries like construction . 
  because if eu laws people from anywhere else can share the uks relatively good benefits and brits are not happy that people who have never paid into the uk can benefit from it straight away . 
  people are also confusing asylum with immigration which is stupid . 
  please do n't get me wrong , i am pro-eu and do n't hold anything against polish people but this is what is happening , although not to the drastic scale people think . 
  i hate saying this but free movement and policies around it need to be looked into . 
  it 's one of the main reasons the uk is leaving the eu . 
  in 2001 there was around 60,000 polish people living in the uk . 
  there are now over 700,000 . 
  the free movement thing is a one-sided system where people from eastern europe get all the benefits from being able to move to richer countries . 
  before this referendum i never realised people working in the uk could claim child benefits for children they left back home !, 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  regardless of that , i still voted to remain because i 'm not a one policy voter . 
  either way nearly half the population is going to be unhappy . 
  if it was an overwhelming win for leave then it would n't have been such a disaster but because it 's such a small percentage it just shows how divided the country really is . 
  indeed . 
  the eu would collapse on the news that it 's going to become one nation . 
  ireland wo n't leave the eu because there 'll be things in place to keep trade the same , or close to the same , due to the history between both nations . 
  this is what i do n't get . 
  nothing has changed so why is one needed again ? 
  if the eu decides that it will reform then it would be fine to hold a referendum because that could sway people . 
  i said in another post , you can demand another referendum so soon just because the results never went in your favour . 
  i 'm gutted the uk is leaving but that 's how democracy works . 
  only 46 million were eligible to vote and 33 million did , so around 13 million people were not bothered enough to vote , not 30 million . 
  the uk has never really been into the eu as much as the rest of the eu , though . 
  it 's probably because we 're an island . 
  why did london vote to stay ? 
  i know there 's deprivation in parts of the city but it 's very well off . 
  it probably has n't seen the impact free movement has had on the rest of england . 
  it probably seen the good impact it has , with rich and educated immigrants going to london . 
  for the rest of the country it 's eastern europeans working in low paid jobs and refugees sent to towns with cheap housing . 
  i voted to remain but i can see why some areas wanted to leave . 
  ironically some of those areas receive a lot of eu funding . 
  the remain campaign was so underwhelming . 
  it was more like a class divide in england , with working class areas generally voting to leave . 
  my theory is that these are areas that have seen higher rates of immigration from eastern europe and are the areas refugees are settled . 
  the main exception was london , if course . 
  there should have been a threshold . 
  the vote was too close . 
  it should have required something like 60 % or more . 
  but in saying that the current government only go around 33 % of the votes yet they 're a majority government . 
  uk politics , ey ... 
  farage is a bad example . 
  he was n't part of the official campaign and just spouted his own bigoted views , some of which he admitted were wrong after the results !, 
  wales will never vote out . 
  wales and england have too close of a relationship for that . 
  scotland might , though . 
  it will be in october , or just after . 
  this is when cameron will resign fully and he has said he will leave the organisation to exit the eu to the new prime minister . 
  it will probably see the tories go even more to the right , unfortunately . 
  but the 2 years does n't start until the uk officially asks to leave . 
  the referendum is not legally binding and the eu wo n't do anything with the uk until they officially hand in their `` resignation '' . 
  there 's no referendum for northern ireland to rejoin the republic of ireland , it was just a republican party saying there should be one . 
  the main party in scotland is the snp , who were elected way before the eu referendum , so consequently , being a nationalist party , they will use this as a catalyst to hold another independence referendum . 
  the snp will keep trying for independence no matter what the rest of the uk does . 
  i 'd be interested to know what scottish people think about london overwhelmingly voting to remain ? 
  scotland ( and most of the uk for that matter ) does not like being ruled by london , but on this occasion scotland and london share the same feelings . 
  it 's just a ( left wing ) nationalist party jumping on something which might work in their favour . 
  considering greenland has a tiny population and much smaller economy then the uk is going to have an awful lot of work to do if they only have 2 years . 
  because they are probably not as prepared as we are lead to believe . 
  either that or they 're up to something ... like testing the water to see if the eu will impose favourable reforms before they officially hand in their notice . 
  which country are you from ? 
  i ca n't see your flare . 
  but , yes , other countries need to wait . 
  it would be stupid for more countries to vote to leave so soon because they have no idea if the uk will be better or worse off . 
  if they end up being better off then i imagine it would signal the beginning of the end for the eu . 
  the snp are a nationalist party ( although a left wing one ) . 
  they 're always going to try for independence . 
  the advantage they have with this is that they can now use this to say `` look , scotland , when you vote it does n't matter , you 're ignored because england has more power '' and as we 've seen with this referendum the general population do n't seem to be concerned with the economy . 
  ah , i did n't know you were messing . 
  i assumed you were one of these ill informed brexiters , so my apologies . 
  voting in or out of the eu is not a representation of whether northern ireland favours the uk or ireland . 
  although northern ireland voted to remain in the eu overall but it was only 54 % . 
  parts of london voted upwards of 70 % to remain , yet parts of the north east england voted upwards of 65 % to leave . 
  now if leaving interferes with the good friday agreement that would be a reason to hold such a referendum . 
  there 's far too many comments from political parties wanting snap referendums on all sorts ( even outside of the uk ) when realistically no one has a solid idea what is going to happen . 
  but something would have to change . 
  you ca n't realistically hold another referendum so soon just because it never went the way some people wanted it .
