  [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religion_in_the_netherlands ) wikipedia article suggests that by 2020 72 % of the netherlands will be non-aligned . 
  at the moment only 25 % if dutch people are aligned with a christian church . 
  i am not surprised . 
  i always think of the netherlands as one of the more progressive and liberal european countries . 
  in my neighbourhood one church is now apartments ( before that it was a night club called saints and sinners ! ), 
  another is a dance and squash club , and another got knocked down to build a tesco car park . 
  and for the rest of the churches in the area they only seem to stay open for fat people to use their halls for exercise classes and meetings . 
  if we further filter the results down to * practising * christians i bet the results are an even bigger blow to the religion . 
  people will identify as being `` christian '' because that 's the religion they were brought up with . 
  it does n't necessarily mean they follow that religion . 
  til [ russification is a thing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russification ), 
  it 's crazy how people ca n't speak the language so `` openly '' if that makes any sense at all ? 
  in saying that when i was last in amsterdam the waitress in a restaurant asked if she could speak english before anything else . 
  she was , i assume , chinese as we went to a chinese place . 
  i always admire , and am slightly jealous of , european countries who make an effort to learn other languages . 
  in the uk they are more common in businesses and hotels than they are in the home . 
  in fact , other than city centre flats i ca n't think of any other home i have seen them in . 
  i love berlin because of how diverse it is so having pockets of anglo-immigration can only be a good thing as long as they make an effort to learn german properly . 
  imagine a german person going into a bar , speaking german and getting told `` ich verstehe nicht '' ... an unfortunate problem with english being the dominant language in the west is that english speaking countries make little effort to learn other languages fluently , which is really sad . 
  i am , in fact , looking to learn german but all the courses in my area no longer exist because of poor uptake !, 
  if you ca n't afford to have more children you should n't have more children . 
  however , it 's too simplistic to say `` do n't have more children '' . 
  many pregnancies are not planned . 
  the government genuinely think people have kids to get more money . 
  although that may be true for a small minority . 
  most if the welfare bill is based on tory attitudes that everyone on benefits are low life scroungers . 
  just from personal experience and also stuff online . 
  i 've met quite a few australians and they are extremely similar . 
  we even have a lot of the same insults and humour , like we insult people as a backhanded compliment . 
  over 1 million brits live in australia , more than anywhere else outside of the uk . 
  i 've met a few canadians and they are n't the same . 
  some of them were more like americans than brits ( although i 've never met a french canadian but i 'd assume they 'd be even less british ) . 
  i think it 's because we 're not really that germanic . 
  we 've been raped so much by the world over our history that we 're a kind of germanic-romance-celtic hybrid . 
  but , yeah , i also do n't really feel part of europe as much as i want to be . 
  it always tends to be the case that the biggest population are not allowed to be patriotic otherwise it 's seen as racist . 
  sweden has a similar problem i believe , where the swedish flag is becoming a symbol of racism just like the english one is . 
  i 'm not patriotic in the slightest but i do n't think it 's racist to be . 
  last time i checked those countries were n't in europe . 
  we are definitely similar to aus and nz , there 's no doubt about that . 
  i 'm not sure about the usa or canada , though . 
  although i think we share similarities through language , music , film etc i think outside of those areas we 're quite different . 
  scotland , wales and cornwall are also celtic and there 's a lot of celtic people living in england ( i think i am one looking at my family history ) . 
  the british isles has a similar culture throughout it , with some differences of course . 
  everywhere was probably an overstatement , but places which flew international flags such as hotels seemed to fly the scottish flag amongst other countries in the world . 
  i was curious when i got back and searched around and it seems common that the union flag is n't flown in ireland . 
  there was a call to [ fly it more ] ( http://www.thejournal.ie/poll-should-the-union-jack-be-flown-in-ireland-318269-jan2012/ ) a few years ago . 
  it 's not just the past which has shaped the culture . 
  a lot of businesses , for example , cover `` the uk and ireland '' , we listen to pretty much the same music , we eat the same food , we speak the same language ( as much as the government are trying to revive irish it 's obviously not working - i actually think this is quite sad , though ) etc. 
  i think most european countries have some element of `` forced '' culture because there 's been so much history , both good and bad , across the continent . 
  true . 
  i think people assume the uk has a lot more in common with the usa than most of the world but it 's untrue . 
  just because our politicians are jumping in to bed with the usa does n't mean culturally we 're the same . 
  the uk is definitely becoming more americanised but so is much of the world . 
  multilingual countries are quite interesting because it seems that the language they speak in a part of a country determines what other country they relate to more closely . 
  i 'd imagine french speaking belgium would say france where as dutch speaking would say the netherlands ? 
  i wonder what swiss people think ? 
  i 'd consider living in germany if i was fluent , but unfortunately i 'm not and can just about get by with my broken deutsch . 
  times are changing and i do n't know many ( non-ignorant ! ), 
  people who have the attitude that germany is a nazi loving , humourless society . 
  i think the reason the uk does n't feel as part of europe as countries like france and germany do , with the exception of the obvious sea separating us , is that we definitely relate more to the anglophone world than we do europe . 
  we 're practically brothers with australia and new zealand . 
  i think there 's even talk about free movement between the commonwealth . 
  but , yeah , every german i know just wants to get pissed and spend the next day hung over just like us brits !, 
  i was in dublin in november and there was lots of scottish flags but no english or union ones . 
  i did n't know that not flying the union flag was a thing until i got there , but i completely understand why . 
  i 'm from north east england so i think i hold the some of the same animosity the rest of non-southern england hold towards the british leadership because we get the shit end of the deal , as well . 
  it 's interesting to see how some countries have different opinions depending on which part of the country someone is from . 
  it makes obvious sense , you usually have more similarities and common ground with your direct neighbours . 
  i was in germany last summer and i think germans are very similar to british people . 
  i 'm not sure everyone from each country would agree with that but it seems that we do the same stuff with a different language . 
  i have n't spent as much time in the netherlands but people say dutch and british people are quite similar and apparently dutch is the easiest language for a native english speaker to learn . 
  but overall i just think most of europe hate us . 
  indeed . 
  america often make an american version of most successful european shows , even british ones . 
  cyprus : that 's turkish , right ? 
  cyprus : that 's greek , right ? 
  it 's probably more of a language issue . 
  people in english speaking countries are far less likely to adapt to foreign film and drama than those in non-english speaking countries , and the rest of the world is becoming anglicised . 
  it 's slowly changing . 
  for example , jordskott ( swedish ) , deutschland 1983 ( germany ) and les revenants ( france ) have all been broadcast in the uk and channel 4 seem to be buying in more foreign-language drama but i very much doubt the english speaking world will ever fully adapt to foreign content . 
  relatively speaking , the other european languages are nowhere near as big or as widely understood as english ( perhaps with the exception of spanish ) . 
  i want more european content , though . 
  i am happy reading subtitles and some of my favourite films are not in english . 
  i did n't realise it was this bad in southern europe nor did i realise it was as good in the uk and germany ... and i expected all of the nordic countries to be dark blue . 
  i just [ read ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-22870886 ) that `` the unemployment figures use an internationally-agreed definition '' but it does n't seem to be the case that countries report in the same way ? 
  i 'm british and , despite the past , we probably have the most in common with ireland . 
  of course , irish people are n't british but we share a lot of the same culture and i feel like i 'm still in the uk when i visit ireland . 
  they even use the same plugs . 
  ireland is an obvious choice for the uk , though . 
  what european country does your country have most in common with and why ? 
  title edit : tour = your . 
  in the uk there was a clinical pathway called the liverpool care pathway which included measures to make a dying patients `` pathway '' to death more comfortable . 
  basically they 'd just let someone dehydrate and pump them with drugs . 
  it was said that it was being abused and hospitals were * rewarded * for using it . 
  in a backwards way they would simply let someone die if they were seen to be dying anyway . 
  euthanasia is illegal in the uk and because things like this are open to interpretation it will probably remain that way . 
  no cars for as far as the eye can see and people still wait for the green ampleman . 
  although she has n't said it in so many words , she is unhappy with it . 
  she told people to calm down and the rising scottish nationalism wo n't be seen as a good thing .
