  i really hope there is n't a `` brexit '' just to prove a point . 
  you guys are next . 
  welcome to dexit . 
  i do n't know what to believe any more . 
  even the guardian think we 're leaving but bookies think we are staying . 
  i absolutely want to stay but i am not feeling confident . 
  you do n't necessarily need a permanent address to register but who is going to register on the electoral role when they are committing fraud ? 
  by registering they have the potential to be caught , well unless they use a different address . 
  i do n't understand why everyone with a national insurance number and permanent uk address is not automatically registered to vote . 
  local councils know who lives in a property ( well , unless they are living there fraudulently ) . 
  but they have somewhere to live , have access to clean water , have clothes , can afford to buy food etc ? 
  it 's not poverty you 're talking about , it 's relative poverty . 
  however , [ over 12 million germans are classified as poor ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/poverty-in-germany-at-its-highest-since-reunification/a-18268757 ) - the definition is earning less than 60 % of the average income , which is $ 2225 per month according to [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_european_countries_by_average_wage#map ) . 
  someone earning 40 % of the average german wage will be earning nearly $ 900 per month but that is more than all of eastern europe ( but of course , i do n't know the scenario when adjusted for cost of living ) . 
  i think it 's because people in the english speaking world do n't need to learn any other languages that they do n't value language as highly as others . 
  there will be people who are proud of english but not to the extend that france is with french , for example . 
  french is trying it 's best not to become more and more anglicised and some languages try to avoid loan-words altogether ( icelandic is a good example ) . 
  people in the uk probably do n't value english as much as other nations would with their own language . 
  it 's because billions of others speak and read english it no longer seems just like it 's from england . 
  irish is one of those languages where very few speak it but the ones who do treasure it ( scottish gaelic , welsh , faroese etc ), 
  another vote for france here . 
  come again ? 
  i read an article - but do n't know the facts - suggesting that such countries are purposefully avoiding joining the euro by going through loopholes ? 
  when i get punched people often put words in my mouth . 
  i send thousands a year to the uk government and they do n't give me any plain cash back . 
  i do n't think anything as big as the eu works by simply passing money to countries who have less of it , otherwise the bigger countries would be out if they get no benefits in return . 
  what does this show , though ? 
  direct benefits ? 
  what about the money saved with trade agreements , shared resources etc ? 
  this map appears that the richer countries are paying for the poorer ones , and be that the case it 's pretty much how income taxes work ( or at least should !, 
  it 's the people who ca n't see sense who wo n't care that # 65 * billion * was pulled out of the economy in just 2 months . 
  this wo n't even be a story to them , their mind is already made up . 
  it seems the `` do n't knows '' are going to hold the key to the results so i hope they make an informed decision . 
  northern france , northern germany and benelux are getting a proper beating right now !, 
  also , it appears london has it 's own weather system . 
  brits just have a problem with alcohol . 
  they drink way too much and when they go to a country where alcohol is relatively cheap they 're just idiots . 
  i am embarrassed at brits abroad . 
  even though most brits are fine it 's the idiot minority who give us a bad name . 
  amsterdam and prague * are the worst places for it ( well , if you ignore the places full of disgusting people from the uk like sunny beach in bulgaria and parts of the spanish islands ) edit : * i actually meant krakow , not prague , but prague is getting there !, 
  to be fair i was a little confused with the sources on google . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait a few months to see . 
  [ link ] ( https://news.google.com/news/story?ncl=db-r2daz1rsvzlmjdzbnmzhajfrcm&amp;q=germany+russia+rival&amp;lr=english&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewitzqvo8zxnahxmjmakhsold9wqqgiiitaa ), 
  everyone hates russia , it seems . 
  germany recently called russia a rival , the usa is building defences in europe and now this . 
  russia are just asking for this with their constant breaches in airspace , crimea , saying denmark ( poor denmark ! ), 
  may be a target for their missiles etc. . . is europe caving into america 's paranoia or is there a genuine threat to europe from russia ? 
  is n't that mixing romani up with romanian ? 
  there 's a lot of romani living in romania but they 're not `` ethnically '' romanian . 
  it seems legal in germany to drink anywhere . 
  i was in berlin and they sell alcohol in the street . 
  interestingly i seen very few people who were too drunk . 
  if that happened in the uk they 'd be people vomiting all over and drunken girls collapsed on the street with no shoes and their nether-regions on display . 
  the only official language in the uk is welsh . 
  i 'm having a `` drive '' around bucharest on google street view and the city looks like what would happen if east berlin had a child with paris . 
  a country who cares more about the rich business owners than its own people . 
  does sweden just care more about people than profit ? 
  that 's how a country should be . 
  what did the bbc do to the irish ? 
  ` goodest ' is an odd word , but sweden has been ranked at doing the most for humanity in the world . 
  the top 10 , from the article , appear to be : 1 . 
  sweden 2 . 
  the netherlands 4 . 
  the united kingdom 5 . 
  germany 6 . 
  finland 7 . 
  france 9 . 
  new zealand ( 11 . 
  ireland ), 
   it 's also interesting to note that some of the molecules involved in the flavour of teas likely evolved as defenses against being eaten by birds , insects and other creatures . 
  i completely misread this to mean that drinking tea prevents brits from begin eaten by birds , incests and creatures !, 
  at work we used to have dedicated tea breaks . 
  two 10 minute breaks a day until we got a new manager who has no idea what she is doing ( and she drinks coffee ) . 
  bitch . 
  i wonder what it would look like it they asked each country if they considered russia a friend or foe ? 
  well that made me numb . 
  lets hope this never happens again !, 
  i never know what to trust . 
  i read an article a few years ago that people who download music illegally ( or at least do n't pay ) often put the most money into the music industry . 
  low cost german supermarkets are taking over europe !, 
  aldi is better than lidl , though . 
  the eu referendum has came at a bad time . 
  with the recent refugee crisis and series of terrorist attacks in europe a lot of people have questioned how safe being in the eu is and , unfortunately , a lot of people have a `` look after your own '' attitude . 
  the leave campaigners know this and clearly use it to their advantage . 
  i am genuinely scared we might vote to leave . 
  i do n't even know if other countries would wait to throw a referendum if the uk does leave . 
  it 'll certainly make eu citizens think a little bit more about it , particularly those who are n't more deeply routed in the eu ( e.g. 
  still using their own currency ) . 
  so a country with more `` i '' than `` we '' is a good thing ? 
  does that not suggest the place is somewhat selfish ? 
  to be honest , in the uk people stick their dying parents in a care home so it 's probably true . 
  i preferred them when they were more amateur , too . 
  i think removing the flag section was nothing more than a financial decision . 
  two videos in a week rather than 1 will probably mean double the views and ( although not quite ) double the money . 
  a man carrying a baguette through a flood is the most french thing i have ever seen happen in a flood . 
  these floods are crazy . 
  the german town towards the end of the video looks like something you 'd see if a dam burst . 
  ireland is n't part of schengen anyway so the border issue , in terms of travelling to the rest of the eu from ireland , will probably not be an issue . 
  the problem may arise from the common travel area agreement between the uk and reaching that agreement costs thousands of lives so it 's very unlikely it 'll be scrapped . 
  a simple issue could be that importing items from the eu may mean import duty and vat is charged , so physical border checks might be required in northern ireland .
