anyone gives a shit where ducklings are concerned . 
  but the question is which set of vulnerable people will he take this shortfall from ? 
  do n't america , china and japan manage fine without free movement ? 
  they 're not doing so badly . 
  i think people get more worked up at such migrants working in low skilled and manual work , which is apparently keeping wages down . 
  why pay more when people from eastern europe will do it for minimum wage ? 
  there 's demands for some industries where the local population are not filling the roles . 
  they 're usually more skilled trades but sometimes the economy will dictate what is in demand . 
  i believe there was a shortage of hgv drivers in the uk relatively recently , for example . 
  please do n't get me wrong , i voted to remain in the eu and i have no real issues with free movement but this is the way i see the uk going and it 'll somehow wrangle a deal that works in both the uk and eus interest but does away with free mkvement eventually . 
  forgive my ignorance but why is free movement vital in the single market ? 
  are there not ways where there can be free movement for business purposes only ? 
  is there a ` default ' language in switzerland ? 
  if someone from a german speaking region visits a french one how would they usually communicate ? 
  i suppose the same can be asked for most multilingual countries . 
  wales vs. iceland final !, 
  of course there should n't be another referendum . 
  it was less than a week ago so there is no reason to hold another one . 
  theres no turning back . 
  this is democracy and , unfortunately , it does n't always go in everyone 's favour . 
  i think the media have an image in their head that directors of such companies are running around their offices with their hands in the air , panicking that they will no longer be able to do business as easily in europe if they 're in the uk , shouting `` frankfurt , oh , mein deutsch ist schei\u00dfe '' . 
  it is concerning that there 's clearly no plan . 
  i hope the leave campaign done it 's figures properly . 
  however , no plan does not mean disaster . 
  the plan at the moment simply seems to be negotiate the plan with europe . 
  i can sense stronger connections with the commonwealth coming . 
  these countries already have the immigration laws the leave campaign so desperately want to implement into the uk and there 's the obvious shared history . 
  i voted to remain but i am starting to buy the hype that the uk can , eventually , succeed without the eu . 
  i am just scared for the short term problems we 'll face . 
  it 's like many large cities on the british isles . 
  it 's big enough to be a city but too small to be a global capital . 
  london , unfortunately , is the only one in the region . 
  i hope the eu are n't going to support blatant separatism . 
  even if the tiny chance of scotland becoming independent comes to light , they would need to show they have a stable economy and a proper system of law so it could n't be able to join for a long time . 
  the last thing the eu want to do is take on an economically weak country that they 'd need to plough funding into so scotland would have to show they can manage it alone . 
  would n't spain , and probably other countries with larger separatist movements , simply block scotland from joining the eu anyway ? 
  the problem is that these racist idiots have taken the referendum results as a sign that 52 % of the population agree with their bigotry . 
  closet racists are coming out now because they 're taking brexit as a sign that lots of people share their views . 
  what 's absolutely stupid is that , for reasons unknown , they think that leaving the eu is going to prevent immigration from asia and africa , something which has existed in the uk long before the eu . 
  the biggest immigrant groups in the uk are from india and pakistan . 
  the remain campaign was completely rubbish . 
  these things should have been top headlines for it . 
  they would have swayed a lot of people . 
   depending on the outcome of britain 's negotiations to leave the european union says pretty much every business with early threats to leave . 
  they have n't got a clue if they need to move at this stage . 
  sorry for the vagueness , but someone relevant in the eu said `` if you disregard it , we 'll disregard it '' talking about the referendum ( or something along those lines ) i 'd try and find the exact details but they 're lost in this sea of brexit on here . 
   the dissolution of the uk ( which is most certainly coming - at least as far as the scots are concerned ) . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  it 's just a dream of a nationalist party . 
  unfortunately this is true . 
  the refugee crisis was a big factor for a lot of voters but a large chunk of the british public were thick enough to believe the hype despite the uk taking one of the smallest numbers of refugees . 
  did i miss something or was none of this mentioned in the remain campaign ? 
  they 're working on the theory that europe needs the uk as much as the uk needs europe . 
  the problem is that the uk wants free trade but no free movement . 
  boris thought he could get that but he is going to be let down . 
  i 'd love him to go with your last option . 
  realistically if parliament vote against brexit then they do n't need to go ahead with it but that would be the end of a lot of politicians careers and lots of internal divides , which could have an even bigger impact on the uk . 
  yes , because individual nations will surrender everything to become a supernation . 
  it will never happen . 
  if they properly proposed it well see every frexit , nexit , swexit , bexit , pexit and so on ... 
  i have absolutely no idea what he is saying but this is hilarious . 
  i imagine if it ever came to scotland being independent there would be criteria that needed to be met before becoming a scottish national , such as having lived in scotland for a certain period of time . 
  i agree . 
  i voted remain but no one has suggested closing the borders . 
  boris suggested a system based on points , where the more needed you are the more likely you are to get in . 
  free movement is a great idea but unfortunately it 's hugely one sided where people from poorer countries flock to richer ones . 
  i think this is largely why people voted out . 
  a british national with pakistani heritage , or he was born in pakistan and is now a british citizen . 
  there 's over 1million pakistani people in the uk , but it immigration from pakistan has been spread out over decades , mainly from the 50s onwards . 
  i see , that makes sense . 
  i 'm not going to pretend to understand economics but where did the money suddenly go ? 
  sorry , yes . 
  i thought you were talking about people from the uk not being allowed entry into the eu easily . 
  free movement has little to do with going on holiday . 
  i do n't know where the idea that brits will suddenly be barred from easy entry to all eu countries has come from ? 
  there 's something like 175 countries in the world a british passport allows visa free entry to and most of them have no free movement policy with the uk . 
  free movement and going on holiday are two separate things . 
  considering it 's largest fleet reside in london and the uk provides a massive chunk of custom ( maybe even the biggest customer base ? ), 
  this is a silly , knee-jerk reaction . 
  it 's been 3 days since the uk voted to leave . 
  no on has a clue what trade agreements will be made . 
  brexit and chill . 
  they 're just papers who sell copies by creating fear . 
  it 's no surprise . 
  do you want to continue to teach ? 
  if so you could try teaching in the uk or ireland . 
  there 's a shortage of teachers . 
  however the uk is going through uncertain times now with leaving the european union . 
  you could also look into becoming an english teacher in another european country . 
  quite a lot of people do that but the money is not as good as being a proper teacher . 
  you 're probably best to test the water first and go on a long holiday in the country you want to move to . 
  welsh is the only official language anywhere in the uk . 
  all the others are just ` de-facto ' languages . 
  but the leave campaign want full control of british borders . 
  i doubt the eu would allow them to choose free trade but not free movement . 
  the uk is far too big and influential for countries not to come to agreements with for trade . 
  the worrying area is international corporations who set up in the uk as a `` passport '' to the rest of europe . 
  without being an eea-like member wo n't the uk be massively less appealing ? 
  it 's more likely that america is the reason english is so widely spoken in europe than it is the uk . 
  what was the main language used before the uk joined ?
