  there has to be a reason such as changing policies or changing public opinion ( which is not an overnight thing ) . 
  the next party voted in to power , yes , not the same party holding a referendum on the same issue when there 's absolutely no reason to do it other than to please people who were n't happy with the result the fist time . 
   overnight , my generation has lost the right to call ourselves europeans i wish everyone would stop it with linking being european ( or just europe in general ) with being in the eu . 
  under that logic the other 22 countries are not european . 
  people are taking this as if the uk is about to put up a huge wall through the north sea and english channel . 
  leaving the eu does n't mean cutting ties with europe . 
  why would the us crumble ? 
  states are not deciding they want to go back to mexico or the uk . 
  the rest of that about fundamental muslims is just silly . 
  the uk has nearly 10 % of the population of the eu and is one of the highest contributors . 
  on top of that it 's germany 's biggest trading partner in the eu , both import and export . 
  50 % of the uk import and export is to and from the eu , too . 
  it 's also the uk 's turn for the eu presidency next year . 
  so the eu will probably not be better off without the uk . 
  i do n't get this , though . 
  the uk voted to leave the eu , albeit marginally . 
  as much as i would love another referendum to favour remaining in the eu it 's not how democracy works . 
  it 's like when people were wanting another referendum straight away after the scottish one . 
  people ca n't demand a re-vote just because it never went in their favour . 
  if something changed , like the eu reformed , then another referendum would be more realistic . 
  71 % is high for the uk . 
  there 's a lot of apathy . 
  the highest it 's ever been in an general election , for example , is around 84 % and that was a few years after ww2 . 
  we 'll never like like north korea with 100 % turnout and 100 % of votes going to the same party . 
  sadly , like the ussr fell , the eu is beginning to crumble . 
  it seems it was predicted years ago like in this article . 
  not that there 's any real comparison between those two organisations , other than they were multi-country political organisations who got too big for their own boots . 
  the small breweries have ok stuff , but the stuff on tap in most places is horrible . 
  his ignorance and complete stupidity is really worrying , considering he has a chance of becoming the leader of the biggest economy in the world . 
  brexit will be nothing in comparison to the disaster that will happen if he is elected . 
  the water industry in the uk is already privatised . 
  we have carling , which is like piss water . 
  although it 's the biggest beer ( lager ) brand in the uk , people seem to like the taste of continental european beer more . 
  carling is actually now owned by an american company , though ... the second favourite is probably fosters which is australian . 
  so , yeah , we have shit main brand beer here . 
  he needs to go anyway . 
  i thought he would shake up the labour party but he is weak and far too socialist for the uk . 
  he is too unionised and he is bad for labour . 
  i came here to say something similar . 
  it 's probably kids and teenagers curious to what all the fuss is about . 
  oh , of course , but the public always need to blame * someone * for it and they 're not happy until someone is lynched . 
  if he was going to resign anyway he might as well have made it count . 
  and the fact that hardly anyone in europe speaks finnish , danish , bulgarian , lithuanian etc. . . ( outside of their respected countries , of course ) . 
  the most eurosceptic countries are greece , spain , cyprus , sweden , czech republic ( czechia ? ), 
  and germany ( at least it was in 2012 according to [ this ] ( http://wayback.archive.org/web/20130814232521/http://ecfr.eu/page/-/methodological_note_euroscepticism.pdf ) pdf ) , but fance , ireland , italy and belgium are not far behind . 
  being from 2012 i imagine that the results are even worse for some countries . 
  it seems that eastern europe is the least eurosceptic , which is no surprise because the west is essentially funding them . 
  i voted to remain but this was a concern many people had with the eu . 
  but the elected party are in agreement that the uk should remain in the eu . 
  of course , cameron shot himself in the foot offering the referendum in the first place but i do n't think the public should be trusted to vote on things that could have potentially huge impacts on the economy . 
  is n't that what we elect politicians to do for us ? 
  i am quite angry at it . 
  i 'm angry that the leave campaign preyed on people 's fears and clearly mislead the public , who bought the hype nontheless , but i am also angry at the shoddiness and lack of `` uumph '' from the remain campaign . 
  if the remain campaign put as much effort into their side of things that the leave one did then i bet the results would be reversed . 
  i hope that all the negative things , like plunging stock markets ( globally !, 
  ) , a weak pound and lots of uncertainty are just short term reactions and the uk recovers . 
  i live in the uk and now we 're going to be leaving the eu i strongly hope that the issues raised by the leave campaign are made a reality and that we do n't end up in a recession . 
  also , we have absolutely no chance of winning eurovision ever again . 
  it 'd be more likely that they have thought about it but are going to wait and see what the outcome is after the uk properly leaves the eu . 
  there is no point in any knee jerk reactions . 
  it 's been dismissed because , apparently , [ there are no grounds for irish unity referendum ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/jun/24/arlene-foster-northern-ireland-martin-mcguinness-border-poll-wont-happen ), 
  cameron done it all wrong . 
  he could have said because the votes were so close he was n't prepared to leave the eu , make sure he has the support of the rest of his ( elected ) party , then class the referendum as void , then quit and take the blame for it all . 
  i agree . 
  i voted remain but if they want out why are they delaying things ? 
  they 'll have at least 2 years to get things sorted out . 
  i am suspicious that they do n't even have a proper plan and did n't expect this to become a reality . 
  scotland , please conquer northern england before declaring independence and take us with you . 
  indeed , but he has a lot to answer for with his lies . 
  he needs to resign as a politician . 
  english is an official language in ireland . 
  the united kingdom of england and wales will probably still be around . 
  if the bloody media stop giving him air time and column inches then stupid things like this will stop happening . 
  what a farce . 
  absolutely . 
  if they think any extra money we might have from leaving the eu will go to the nhs under a tory government then they clearly do n't know the tories at all . 
  if anything they 'll use any extra money for tax breaks for the rich . 
  this is the problem , there 's no guarantee the uk will be allowed to do that . 
  it entirely depends on what deals are made from now on . 
  norway etc were never in the eu , but the uk will purposefully leave . 
  also , one of the biggest influencing factors was immigration , and being part of the eea means free movement which half of the uk seemingly disagree with . 
  in the scottish referendum did n't someone ( no idea who ? ), 
  say that an independent scotland wo n't automatically be given the right to apply for admission to the eu ? 
  perhaps it was just scare tactics to keep the country together . 
  companies will not just up and leave the uk . 
  i very much doubt it will have any catastrophic impact on london 's huge financial industry , which is second only to new york . 
  leaving the eu will undermine it . 
  it is a super-power which has just became weaker since one of it 's main `` players '' is going to leave . 
  this will put distrust in both the uk and the eu . 
  businesses do not like uncertainty . 
  the uk is not part of the eea . 
  there 's going to be years of work before anything is properly sorted out . 
  we might become like norway where we share a lot of eu regulations but have the final say , or we might end up completely separated from the eu ... no one really knows . 
  my predictions is that we 'll negotiate to a point where we are in a kind of `` eu-lite '' , where we will share things like free trade and free movement ( to a degree ) but will have the final say over the rules and regulations of the uk . 
  knee jerk reactions . 
  no one likes uncertainty . 
  everyone remember this was close to half and half . 
  almost half of the population were not in favour of this result and that itself is worrying giving that the country is clearly divided . 
  either way half of the country is going to be pissed off . 
  that 's a knee jerk reaction , though .
