  except for the bbc , they do n't have adverts . 
  it only gets around 6-8 million these days , but usually more for special episodes . 
  it 's not just eastenders which causes this problem . 
  coronation street ( another long running soap ) has a commercial break which is known to be a `` tea break '' , so i assume there 's more demand during that time , too . 
  simon 's job is probably becoming a lot easier now . 
  he probably needs to worry more about what phil mitchell is going to do next . 
  i know !, 
  having to watch eastenders * all the time * !, 
  there 's less than 60,000 i believe . 
  a small minority of people do , but there 's hardly any in the uk . 
  they were wiped out by some angry italians a couple of millennia ago . 
  edit : well , unless you count halloween , that 's still big but not for the same reasons as pagans used to celebrate it . 
  but you could say that about numerous christian celebrations which were stolen from pagans . 
  indeed . 
  it 's going to be those who are undecided who will hold the key to this result , or so it seems from the vast number of polls we have seen recently . 
  it 's the best way for them to be kicked out , rather than the embarrassment of being disqualified because of some idiot fans . 
  it would probably cause more riots if they were disqualified that way , too . 
  this means nothing , though . 
  it 's votes from the public which matter not the opinion of mps . 
  absolutely . 
  it 's really winding me up how thick people are over this . 
  now , people who have made an informed decision to leave are fine but the idiots who are in the `` gerrus out , there 's too many immigrants '' brigade are clearly misinformed and believe the hype pointless parties like britain first spout . 
  they 're a joke party anyway , just full of people with a chip on their shoulder because their life is n't working the way they want so they need to blame someone else . 
  brexit voters also believe that the country is 50 % muslim , 30 % polish and 10 % romanian . 
  ok , i 'm messing on , but everyone ( quite literally ! ), 
  i have spoken to about why they are voting to leave is because of immigration . 
  they do n't give a shit about the economy and probably do n't care about climate change . 
  of course , i am not saying all leave voters are this naive , but it shows how much people are misinformed . 
  the good friday agreement is not about to be torn up in the event of a brexit . 
  the majority of people in northern ireland are british ( and wanted to remain british ) so it 's very unlikely it would happen , as pretty as `` the reunification of ireland '' sounds . 
  i 've asked similar questions to what this video asks myself but could the eu do anything to stop the uk and ireland coming to agreements which honour the good friday agreement ? 
  it would be in both countries interest to keep those agreements in place and i very much doubt that they 'd be scrapped if the uk did leave the eu . 
  the common travel area would probably not be an issue since neither country is in schengen and both require passports to enter and exit the british isles . 
  it 's suspicious that something which has been dormant for 2 decades gets looked into 1 week before the uk referendum , though . 
  that would be extremely rare because refugees can only work under certain circumstances and even if such a scenario came up inheritance does n't have to go to one person . 
  i am not sure about german law but i assume the person who owns the money has the option where it goes if he was to die . 
  it depends . 
  before the eu there was the eec , which denmark was a part of and this was then absorbed into the eu so technically denmark was a founding member of the eu ... if you like to be picky . 
  i do n't think that proper lefties would even agree that marriage to minors or multiple women is morally or legally right . 
  it 's retarded and completely goes against women 's and children 's rights . 
  but is n't the future , at least near future , already planned out based on what we have now , i.e. 
  being in the eu ? 
  remaining in the eu will mean there 's a lot less change than leaving , so leaving gives us the most uncertainty ( whether that will be good or bad , no one really knows ) . 
  i wonder why they chose * now * to withdraw it and not waited until after the uk 's referendum result ? 
  european countries change their mind to who their best friend is weekly . 
  one benefit of being in the eu is that no country has to pay import duty in things like this . 
  just saying fellow brits !, 
  would n't greece be even worse off without the eu ? 
  does anyone have a similar graph which shows average income ? 
  i guess they would look quite similar ? 
  it 's really weird how homosexuality and paedophilia seem to be seen as one and the same . 
  they were running around with gay flags ? 
  is the gay flag banned in russia ? 
  ah , even after the collapse of the british empire we still want more . 
  ( technically it never ended until 1997 , but that 's just technically ), 
   malta our new bff !, 
  if you check eurovision scores you can usually work out who loves who . 
  no one loves the uk at the moment , but i 'd say our closest cultural ally is ireland , but politically probably the usa with it 's `` special ~ ~ ( suck each others dick ) ~ ~ relationship '' . 
  inside of europe , i do n't know ... 
  i personally like a lot of european countries but i ca n't point to a single one where our government are close to like they are with the anglosphere and commonwealth countries . 
  the uk clearly does n't have the infrastructure for proper cycle routes !, 
  some of those look like a joke . 
  i actually cycle to work on part of cycle route 1 in the north east of england and it goes straight through a nature reserve , which is the only sensible part of the section but it is always full of people walking their dogs instead of cyclists and the dog walkers get angry when bikes come ... on the bike path . 
  geography now kind of says you have a thing with germany and poland ? 
  i do n't even want to be english right now . 
  it looks more like an obstacle course than a cycle path !, 
  check out [ this stretch ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/@54.5563267,-1.2221175,3a,75y,139.2h,80.17t/data=!3m6!1e1!3m4!1sa0p1yzwlcdsxfsngwg1z3q!2e0!7i13312!8i6656 ) of cycle path in my hometown . 
  there 's a bus stop in the way , then a pole , then a postman , then a tree , then another tree ... 
  the uk has never really caught on to the cycling trend as much as it tries . 
  i cycle everywhere and the cycle paths are usually empty . 
  ` unauthorised action ' ? 
  what , did they start having sex in the street or something ? 
  this law is ridiculous . 
  it 's aim is to spread homophobia , not to protect children which it pretends to be about . 
  there 's no rivalry i know of . 
  english people do n't really seem overly fond of russians but i do n't hear much hatred towards them , either . 
  it was probably because it was the first game between two teams who clearly have thug fans and it 's escalated from there . 
  i do n't know how people are go to another country and cause issues like this . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  indeed . 
  this is what i meant , the workforce get cut rather than middle-management who are essentially just messengers of more senior management . 
  the public sector is already stretched in terms of work loads , so if another half a million go then it just means more delays and more work for everyone else . 
  the company i work for has just lost a lot of staff due to cuts in spending . 
  we have the same amount of work overall so it just means that staff have to do more , and surprisingly enough people are exhausted and sickness is at an all time high . 
  maybe europe needs an app like iceland has so we can check if we 're related before we copulate with each other . 
  you can open these articles which are blocked after x amount of views in a private/incognito window - someone on / r/europe taught me that !, 
  it 's a concept invented by people who want to be attractive but are n't . 
  adverts do n't go around unnecessarily insulting people ; of course they 're going to use a slim model to promote something healthy . 
  being overweight is not seen as healthy because it 's not . 
  i 'm underweight and stick thin and i do n't feel like i am being shamed by men with rippling muscles advertising whey protein . 
  jealous ? 
  perhaps . 
  i agree . 
  the uk has a big problem with obesity and it 's not body shaming to promote weight loss at all , it should be encouraged . 
  obese people are starting to put a strain on the nhs to the point where they are being refused treatment for non-essential things like fertility treatment or varicose veins . 
  an awful lot of adverts , possibly even the majority , prey on some kind of vulnerability in people and the main one is appearance . 
  i think it 's second in europe only behind turkey ( edit : second fattest nation in europe after turkey ), 
  i came here to say something similar , it is pretty much the uk with a few shots of paris and iceland . 
  it 's a decent video and has made me miss manchester though !, 
  animals also do n't listen to the vengaboys so under his logic anyone who does n't listen to the vengaboys is an animal .
