  by 2020 it 's predicted that to buy a property in london you 'll need to have earnings of around # 106,000 ( $ 140,000 / $ 155,000 ) and a huge deposit . 
  even as a couple that 's # 53,000 per year ( as an even split ) . 
  the average salary at the moment is around # 40,000 in london and i doubt it 'll rise that much in the next 4 years . 
  if you lose your job and live in london you 're screwed . 
  it 's bizarre , is n't it ? 
  you 'd think if the owners had some sense they 'd rent them out , even if for less than the value they can get , then they 'd be getting something in . 
  you actually have to pay full council tax in the uk if a property stands empty , and then up to 150 % council tax if it 's been empty for 2 or more years . 
  we 'd say meadow or field , but i think most people here would know what a prairie is . 
  `` prairie '' is a french word for meadow i believe . 
  yes , of course . 
  i was not sticking up for the far-right , but if a country is so divided like that then there 's something wrong . 
  there 's 64 million people in the uk . 
  the uk has been london-centric far too long and many people outside of south east ( particularly scotland , wales , northern ireland and northern england are getting annoyed ) . 
  i assume it 's the same or very similar in the usa . 
  in order to fully own somewhere you need to own the land ( a freehold ) . 
  with a flat/apartment you are essentially given the rights to that particular part of the freehold for x amount of years ( the most common one i see is 99 years , which is not that long if you think about families passing down property ) . 
  you can extend the lease but you have to pay even more for this . 
  even if you get a massively long lease you usually have to pay a lifelong service charge anyway . 
  flats suck to be an owner unless you own the entire block and land . 
  i guess it shows that even in 2016 people still only think of london when they think of the uk . 
  there 's only 56 million people in the uk living outside of london ... 
  some of then we 're educated guesses , though . 
  like choosing the prairy provinces for the flat , fertile area of canada . 
  it 's not proportionate to the cost of living , though . 
  my friend earns # 30,000 ( approx $ 40,000 ) in london and she is just managing on that . 
  in the north east she was earning around # 20,000 and was saving , going on holidays etc. 
  there 's more to spend money on in london , though . 
  my rent for a 3 bedroom suburban house with back and front garden and garage is # 600 a month . 
  hers is # 1,100 for a 1 bed flat in wimbledon ( but she is now moving into a house share ) . 
  still , london has ridiculous prices and is quickly becoming a city for the well off , which is rubbish . 
  there 's blocks of flats popping up all over and people genuinely believe a 1 bed studio flat close to the centre is worth paying # 2,000 a month for . 
  80 % , looks like i am moving to british columbia !, 
  they absolutely are `` unofficially '' , but officially they 're frowned upon . 
  kind of how north korea has freedom of religion but in practice you ca n't be religious . 
  i was close . 
  i got the population of germany wrong , even though i knew the answer !, 
  i chose berlin because it 's the only part of germany i know more about ( ddr etc ), 
  the tories hate affordable housing . 
  they are trying all ways to get rid of social landlords . 
  people ca n't afford to live in london , even in social housing , because of the ridiculous rents and stupid caps they put on benefits for people out of work . 
  you also need to like tea . 
  here are loads more example tests : http://www.theuktest.com/life-in-the-uk-test/1 there 's more at the bottom of the page . 
  it gets confusing . 
  there 's the city of london and also just london . 
  the city of london and westminster are cities inside of london . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lrobz_hzzuc ) explains it better . 
  a city inside of a city in a country inside of a country ... 
  i do n't know the exact ins-and-outs but i believe a lot of rich people buy property in london and use this as some kind of way to hide their actual income . 
  i watched a bbc documentary on the panama papers and it talked about this a little in it . 
  essentially parts of london - a city with a housing crisis and rent costs outside of most people 's budget - are being used as a backhanded way of fiddling the tax man . 
  people who pay millions for a flat are stupid anyway . 
  you never truly own it ; you just get a long term lease . 
  maybe austria is n't for me ... 
  i think my broken german was a main reason why i never passed because i did n't understand everything i was reading . 
  this is what i mean , they seem irrelevant . 
  i thought the test would lean more towards actual life here ; what is the standard vat rate , who is the current prime minister , is northern ireland part of the uk , where can you get a cheeky nandos etc. . . 
  do other european countries have a similar type of test , any ideas ? 
  obscure might have been the wrong word , but i do n't fully understand why such a question would be used to help identify someone 's eligibility to become a citizen . 
  then again , like / u/rhy _ t said , anyone serious about becoming a citizen would probably know this or at least learn it . 
  i 'm more concerned about the political divides in many countries . 
  austria is a good , recent example . 
  nearly half the population are now under-represented in what they want politically . 
  similarly only 32 % of the uk voted for the current government so that leaves two thirds of the country under-represented . 
  as sad as it is , the current refugee crisis is pushing people to the right . 
  people are selfish and have an attitude of `` look after your own '' . 
  i got 75 % which is the minimum you need to pass . 
  [ this is a test ] ( https://www.gov.uk/life-in-the-uk-test/book-life-in-uk-test ) non-citizens may need to take whilst applying for citizenship . 
  these questions seem somewhat irrelevant to what it means to be british . 
  i guessed some of them and would imagine even older generations would not know all of this . 
  there 's some obvious ones , such as what is the capital city and what is the currency , but there 's some more obscure ones about literature and politics which some brits would probably not know . 
  ( i messed up the initial link so deleted it , sorry ! ), 
  i got 75 % which is the minimum you need to pass . 
  these questions seem somewhat irrelevant to what it means to be british . 
  i guessed some of them and would imagine even older generations would not know all of this . 
  there 's some obvious ones , such as what is the capital city and what is the currency , but there 's some more obscure ones about literature and politics which some brits would probably not know . 
  i like that they are trying to get more european content on these platforms which are heavily american , but after all they are american services in the first place . 
   the ability for tv broadcasters to have more flexibility as to when they show adverts i do n't like the sound of this . 
  american style `` in programme '' pop ups then ? 
  well , being honest i do n't think people will be watching live tv anywhere near as much as they do now . 
  i pretty much watch everything on catch up or recorded on a pvr and fast forward the adverts . 
  1 ) i 'm voting to stay . 
  2 ) i genuinely believe the uk will suffer financially and lose european connections if they leave . 
  we 're not like norway or iceland who have never been in it but have a good relationship . 
  if we leave we are breaking up with europe . 
  people seem to think we should strengthen ties with the `` anglophone '' world but we already have very strong relationships with the us and commonwealth countries anyway and these countries want us to stay in the eu , too . 
  i do n't know where this idea came from that we do n't have good ties with places like the usa , australia , canada , new zealand etc. 
  3 ) i think we 'll stay in . 
  [ the latest odds are 78 % in favour of staying in . 
  ] ( https://betting.betfair.com/politics/brexit/brexit-betting-update-polls-betting-22-may-200516-204.html ) 4 ) i do n't listen to him to be honest because he plays on people 's fears about immigration and coming over here , stealing out jobs , coming over here stealing our benefits ... or whatever one we 're meant to get angry about . 
  should all of europe get involved in this ? 
  you should commission some research to see how much methane will be sniffed up . 
  run it past the eu . 
  yes , but that 's because it 's part of the culture of the country . 
  i celebrate christmas because it 's a national holiday and not for any religious reason ,, 
  perhaps i should have said `` do russia want cold war ii '' ? 
  they 're certainly pissing some countries off and the whole crimea thing was a joke . 
  all these little things we keep hearing about russia suggest that they are bitter that they have lost their control over much of the east . 
  did n't the ssr do this stuff during the cold war ? 
  are we about to have cold war ii ? 
  the netherlands has even fewer people who are aligned .
