  my main question is not about free travel in the eu but as northern ireland is part of the uk then people who live there would be living under british law ( albeit some differences in n.i. ), 
  yet some citizens are legally irish , which would remain part of the eu . 
  thus , they 'd be eu citizens living in a non-eu country ... so i am unsure of what their rights would be . 
  aye , but both countries joined the eu at the same time ( 1973 ) so i assume the good friday agreements did n't need any reconsideration . 
  will some people in northern ireland ( if they choose to be irish ) be able to vote in european union matters , whereas those who are british citizens not ? 
  i would do this but my german is about as advanced as a 3 year old . 
  if we do leave the government will probably abolish the human rights act ( and replace it with their own ) so germany , expect lots of british refugees in the coming years !, 
  it 's not part of schengen but being part of the eu means that anyone else in the eu can live and work in the uk freely , and vice-versa . 
  passport control is not that strict for eu nationals entering the uk . 
  the uk ( and consequently ireland ) are not part of schengen because they 're islands with no land borders * and it , apparently , is n't really feasible to have open borders in the sense that germany does with france . 
  * there is an open border between between northern ireland and the republic of ireland but there 's a common travel area agreement between the uk and ireland ( and northern irish citizens can be either british or irish , whichever they choose ), 
  i 'm quite left with politics and even i think there 's way too many refugees entering germany . 
  i did n't know it was going to be popular vote , which makes a lot more sense . 
  fptp has it 's benefits - like keeping ukip out - but it 's pretty unfair . 
  aye , i know . 
  \u00d8l keeps europe going more than olje does !, 
  i 'm surprised that russia are going backwards whilst most of the world is going forwards . 
  it 's as if they are purposefully suppressing their citizens because they fear some kind of uprising or coup . 
  * \u00d8l, 
  you guys will be next . 
  you have a series of opt-outs in terms of eu membership like the uk does ( albeit not always the same ones ) . 
  i think it the uk leave then it 'll draw interest in other countries to have a referendum . 
  young voter apathy . 
  some governments rely on it , especially conservative ones who know younger generations are more liberal and open minded . 
  all i hear about is the leave campaigns . 
  i do n't even know what the `` remain '' campaign is even doing . 
  i hope it 's going to be a kind if ukip thing , where they seem to have millions more followers than they actually do , and that people who are voting to stay are just not that vocal about it . 
  i am slightly worried that the referendum has came at a time when europe has a refugee crisis and has just suffered a series of terrorist attacks . 
  the leave party are milking this !, 
  but can saying things like `` squeeze russia out of you '' be considered hate speech ? 
  basically it 's a crime in russia to openly admit you do n't like russia . 
  that 's quite pathetic . 
  i 'm from the uk and i am not sure how the results are calculated . 
  will it be popular vote of constituency votes ? 
  ( or something else ? ), 
  haha . 
  people are gong to start using that image to represent the the eu . 
  i 'm surprised france and italy were so liberal back then since they are ( or at least were ) predominantly catholic countries . 
  similar for turkey which was predominantly muslim , although officially secular . 
  i 'm not sure giving missiles to citizens of any country is a good idea ... 
  let 's have a zef rave !, 
  it 's actually za from dutch , not africans . 
  in dutch it 's zuid afrika but in africaans it 's suid afrika . 
  quoting the lib dems is not going to do any favours . 
  there 's about 5 people in the uk who vote for them after the disaster of a coalition they formed in the last government . 
  southern europe is having a shitter !, 
  also , til that `` el '' = greece , i assume after `` ell\u00e1da '' . 
  well , they 're already whinging about the proposed american missile shield in parts of europe because russia think it 's a threat to their security . 
  in a few days we 've heard about this and also now the uk are planning on putting troops there `` just in case '' . 
  perhaps the west is just getting paranoid ? 
  it 's not the uk which is corrupt , it 's the financial industry . 
  unfortunately london has one of the biggest financial sectors on the planet . 
  indeed they do , and the sea part looks like a man playing a guitar . 
  another way to wind up russia . 
  do governments know something we do n't about what russia have planned ? 
  it 's weird talking aloud to your friends when they 're not there . 
  switzerland , swaziland ... it 's destiny . 
  do n't tell george orwell otherwise it will be brexit !, 
  it would be interesting to see a breakdown of who answered what . 
  germany is the most sought after country for immigrants after the usa . 
  how crazy is that ? 
  any country - apart from greece ( sorry greece ! ), 
  - leaving the eu can undermine the very idea of the european union . 
  i 'd be gutted if we left ( as would the british government ) but i would also be gutted if another country decided it wanted to leave . 
  the `` big players '' like the uk , germany and france would probably do alright on their own but that 's not the idea of the eu . 
  also , if the uk does leave it will probably open the doors to other countries wanting a referendum and could potentially be the start of the end !, 
  i ca n't read the article because i 've used my free article limit . 
  bloody eu , coming here , taking out free article limits !, 
  i 'm off to clear my cookies ... 
  aye , i should have said the south east of england . 
  i read an article linkes from this subreddit which suggested that london was the 5th nation of the uk and it 's proving to be true . 
  i did n't even know we had chrysler in europe until i seen one last week on the m62 ( e22 for anyone interested in european routes ) . 
  so , yeah , dead interesting story there i know . 
  but seriously , companies should not be allowed to fake things like this . 
  they should have their sales stopped until they are investigated properly and also fined , regardless of the country of origin . 
  if i put the wrong things in my recycle bin i can be fined !, 
  let 's face it , n.i. , wales , scotland , northern england and the south west probably hate england equally as much . 
  you almost touch greenland , which almost belongs to denmark , so you can kind of join in a backhanded way . 
  we could just build a wall . 
  one side will say it 's to keep the fascists out and the other will just have to accept it . 
  aww , come join us . 
  we need a county who makes decent music to be part of the united states of europe . 
  i did laugh at this !, 
  i was embarrassed when i was in amsterdam at the amount of pissed brits . 
  the signature `` waheeey '' in the red light district was distinctively british , too . 
  ah , good good . 
  i thought they might have been dirty and do what netflix do and block vps and such . 
  it would never work . 
  the uk has enough trouble trying to keep the 4 countries together already so i could imagine disaster if all of europe , with similar yet vastly different history , tried to come together as one nation . 
  on top of that which countries policies do we go with ? 
  do we go with the nordic model for welfare , the german model for health care and the ~ ~ north korean ~ ~ british model for worker 's rights ? 
  this is another thing germany need to get sorted out , the ongoing battle between youtube and gema . 
  germans - can you bypass it with a browser plugin like you can elsewhere ? 
  i 'm no expert but i 'd imagine that wifi keeps customers coming back and perhaps makes them stay longer . 
  how many people do you see on their laptops and tablets in places like starbucks ? 
  they 're taking advantage of the free wifi and will probably stay in longer and buy more overpriced coffee . 
  it 's nothing to do with charging . 
  it 's about an outdated law that allowed the hot spot owner to be punished if someone else done something illegal on their connection . 
  in the uk hot spots are everywhere . 
  i used one in the highlands of scotland a few months ago , in the middle of nowhere !,
