  it seems quite similar to the map of irish speakers : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/f/f6/irish_speakers_in_2011.png are gaeltacht communities more deprived ? 
  considering russia is seemingly going backwards whilst the rest of europe is going forwards it 's very unlikely in our lifetime . 
  it 's not a hidden gem but go up fernsehturm in berlin , it really does have great views . 
  i went at sunset in july last year and watching the sun setting over berlin was lovely . 
  also , there 's a mini-golf place called [ schwartzlicht ] ( http://minigolf-in-berlin.de/ ) in berlin which was fun ( and really trippy ) . 
  the area is a bit intimidating , though . 
  we were asked if we wanted drugs as soon as we got off the train ( in english so they knew we were tourists ! ), 
  the uk is still part of the free movement agreement in the eu so we have the same freedoms as other eu citizens . 
  you can live and work in any other eu or eea country , but like others have said you just need a passport to get into the schengen area to begin with . 
  of course they speak it but lets be realistic , you 're going to need to learn the local language if you want to live and work in a country ( especially if you have no friends or relatives there ) . 
  of course , there are organisations who will speak mainly english but your choices will be very limited if you do n't know the local language . 
  it would depend on where you want to go as each country will operate differently . 
  with english and portuguese you may be limited to the uk , ireland and portugal . 
  however , lots of international organisations operate in english despite being in non-english countries . 
  the easiest way would be to get a work visa ( or even a sponsor if you are lucky ) , but when i say easy i just mean it 's the least hard of the other options ( unless you 're rich and can sustain your lifestyle , or have enough money to set up a business ) . 
  i hear more about violence from these games than i do the games themselves . 
  it 's as if the pack mentality is in full swing . 
  i live in england and i have euro cents from germany , netherlands , dublin and france . 
  so they did n't really get too far . 
  i visited these countries over the past couple of years and i like to keep a coin as a bit of memorabilia ( rather than buying a plastic eiffel tower for $ 5 ) . 
  i edited my post slightly . 
  i did n't mean give them benefits to the same degree that locals would get , but just something so they could buy essentials like food and water . 
  refugees in the uk , for example , are given a lot less than what locals would get but the uk provides support in one way or another so they can eat and drink . 
  if this is the case then there 's loads of fickle voters in the uk . 
  does the greek government not provide them with a basic income or necessities like food and water ? 
  edit : by basic income i did n't mean something equivalent to locals , i was referring to money to buy essentials like food and water . 
  just to scare russia and stop them from trying to steal half of eastern europe . 
  well i 'm bloody sick of you lithuanian lot coming over here , stealing our jobs , stealing our wives , accusing ireland of being part of the uk !, 
  fuming we are !, 
  there might be flame wars on reddit and french people shouting insults at brits even more on call of duty , but other than that there 'll be no wars . 
  the bad way to regenerate ; knock it all down and start again . 
   but could we look at it in a different way ? 
  no , we ca n't , now piss off and accept they are an embarrassment to england . 
  you rarely get a choice of which os you want , though . 
  you buy a mac and you get os ( whatever ) and you buy a pc and you get windows . 
  there 's few places where you 'd get an option to choose another os other than windows . 
  if more corporations would invest in linux then it would take off because it 's free , but strangely they wo n't , probably because microsoft have the monopoly . 
  things are changing , though , because the home pc will die out in the next few generations and only people who need one for business will have one . 
  ms know this which is why they ventured into the tablet market . 
  the eu probably does n't need to get involved because windows will die out on it 's own . 
  fans within england will still fight with rival team fans . 
  it 's nowhere near as bad as it was in the past - mainly minor , drunken fights - but it still goes on . 
  then , they unite when they go abroad and fight against rival nations . 
  good ol' british football . 
  indeed . 
  there 's stories of women being arrested for wearing bikinis , being drunk etc. 
  ridiculous . 
   an out vote means the eu will probably begin to collapse , even nigel farage admits this . 
  an out vote means the uk wants to not only wash its hands of the eu , but to bring it down . 
  whether brits are aware of this or not is another question . 
  i actually agree . 
  i predict that if the uk does leave it will have a domino effect and other countries will want a referendum . 
  when , though , i have no idea because other countries may want to wait to see what happens with the uk first . 
   norway is a terrible example . 
  norway was never in the eu , hence they did not leave it . 
  norway must also allow free movement of people , pay eu member fees ( almost as much as the uk ) and accept annoying eu regulations -- all of these are reasons the brits want to leave . 
  leaving the eu and going into the eea would be pointless . 
  i appreciate this ( just made a comment on another post in a similar vain ) but the uk is not just going to spit it 's dummy out and become totally alien to the eu . 
  it will have to negotiate better terms , similar to eea . 
  bare in mind the current uk government want to remain ( albeit some members want to leave ) . 
  there are lots of eu nationals working in the uk and , despite some people thinking `` coming over here , stealing out jobs '' , they contribute to the economy . 
  it would be impossible just to force them to be deported or apply for citizenship . 
   but brexit is about much more than simple economics , its about the cohesion of the eu . 
  the uk will get a sour deal or no deal , or the eu might collapse as more countries begin to demand referendums . 
  indeed , i partly agree , but the uk government are heavily focused on the economy ( it 's pretty much their main priority - all we hear about it `` the deficit '' ) so they will not accept sour grapes and it would be silly of other countries to give them to the uk , being a large trading partner . 
  but these countries implement a large chunk of eu regulation . 
  one of the biggest arguments to leave is so that the uk can ignore eu law and focus on it 's own . 
  wikipedia says that norway has adopted around 70 % of eu law , for example . 
  i guess they have to in order for them to be `` compliant '' for free trade and free movement . 
  i am embarrassed to be british when things like this happen . 
  regardless of who `` started it '' , england fans always seem to get involved in this type of idiotic behaviour . 
  its stupid , is n't it ? 
  stupid laws , stupid countries . 
  i ca n't believe such moronic religious suppression still exists in the world these days . 
  an out vote does n't mean the uk wants to wash it 's hands of the eu completely . 
  there 'll still be partnerships and deals but the issue is how good or bad these deals would be . 
  who knows at this stage ? 
  norway is a good example to refer to . 
  it is not in the eu but it implements a lot of eu regulation , has access to the single market etc. 
  closing access to free trade would probably affect ireland a lot , as the uk is the biggest exporter and second biggest importer after the usa ( i might have these the opposite way around , forgive me if they are ! ) . 
  similarly , germany is one of the biggest import and export partners with the uk so that may have an impact if access to the free market was taken away . 
  the uk is not a small economy , it 's the second biggest after germany ( in the eu ) so of course there 's going to be deals if the event of a `` brexit '' . 
  i 'd do n't think the uk and eu would simply tear up the rule books and start again . 
  so , there is an `` in-between '' . 
  the question is whether the in-between will be better for the uk or not . 
  all that said , i am still voting to stay . 
  i like the point it makes about people in the uk wanting out of the eu but wanting to maintain the benefits it brings , so what they really want is a `` light exit '' from the eu and not necessarily a full exit ( at least i think it is saying this ? 
  brits do n't see that , though . 
  they see a few brown people and they go mad because benefits have just been cut and , somehow , it 's the immigrants problem . 
  we have the same issues in the uk yet for some reason people want to come here . 
  half of them are locked n my bedroom because i bloody love iceland and icelanders . 
  they 're my friends because i am making them ... 
  i know * a lot * of people that usually go to turkey for their summer holiday who have changed their mind and opted for places like tenerife and majorca ( i 'd never go to these places on a package holiday , i 'd rather sit in the uk and sunbathe in the cold rain drinking a warm carling ! ), 
  with all the shit going who blames them , though ? 
  lets face it , if the uk leaves then it could be the start of the end of the eu . 
  the uk is the fifth biggest economy in the world after germany , and second in europe . 
  if it leaves it 's going to put a lot of distrust in the eu and possibly encourage other nations to hold similar referendums . 
  there 's other countries in the eu where a `` dexit/swexit/frexit '' would be welcomed amongst some voters . 
  i want the uk to stay , but i just do n't know what is going to happen . 
  even my leftie-loving friends are starting to doubt the eu ,,
