  well , you have any evidence this guy was n't paying his taxes ? 
  you 're just assuming based on the fact he 's a greek billionaire . 
  yeah , but that 's the problem with populists . 
  they 've blatantly lied during the campaign , they 've discredited expert opinions , saying they 're unnecessary , and more , and would they have not gotten their way they would now be whining about how this referendum is n't fair because it 's practically a 50-50 decision . 
  as sad as it is for everyone that wanted to stay in , i 'm going to laugh my ass off when the uk accepts free movement of people eventually and every chav starts whining about how the eastern europeans are still taking their jobs , even after leaving the eu . 
  but do n't you understand the futility of that ? 
  most of your average leave voters voted to leave because of exactly this immigration . 
  if the uk wants to stay a member of the eer , they 're going to have to accept free movement of people , and their problem still is n't solved . 
  well , let 's hope he can keep his word for once , which i doubt very much . 
  i think this will give the average joe reason to reflect on their decision , when they see that leaving the eu did n't solve their problems . 
  and what is that supposed to be ? 
  an europeist ? 
  exactly . 
  the uk 's direction and the direction of the eu do not align anymore . 
  we got to try and get the best deal possible for us , which the uk is n't a part of anymore . 
  had some fun in debate class ? 
  why do n't you go back ? 
  mate you want out of the eu , deal with the consequences . 
  so you voted to leave hoping that the eu would be lenient on you ? 
  shitpost galore . 
  i hope this gets upvoted to the top . 
  nice quote at the end . 
  it 's saddening , is n't it ? 
  why would we ? 
  there has been negativity coming from the uk for the past ten years , there 's always something . 
  now there 's something in the eu , and the uk will have to deal with it just like we have dealt with them for years . 
  it wo n't be unfair , but they wo n't be given any privileges i hope . 
  lets get to the table quickly ( and not wait until october ) , get them out of the union and if they want to stay in the eer , well give them the terms and do n't deviate from them . 
  that 's what i hope the eu will do . 
  my choice of words is n't contradictory , countries negotiate with the eu on certain aspects , the negotiators of the eu are an aggregation of people from different members . 
  if these different members agreed on a package deal for the uk , it would indeed mean that the uk was treated better , but not unfairly so because the countries agreed to it . 
  the uk has always been very vocal in acquiring more power/money/leverage in the eu , while complaining about lack of influence . 
  i fucking knew it , i had this whole piece typed out about lets not start with talking about abortion at 8 months , because that only happens if the mother will die . 
  but here you go , i should n't have expected any better . 
  have you ever seen someone advocate for allowing abortions to happen 2 weeks before the due date of your own volition and not due to medical need ? 
  so what the fuck are you arguing ? 
  is it just arguing for the sake of arguing ? 
  how is treating them without privileges giving them the guantanamo treatment ? 
  they 'll get the same treatment as everyone not part of the eu gets . 
  no more political handouts to them like there have been so many times . 
  no , boris johnson and nigel farage cast only 2 votes , but were responsible for so much lying and propaganda , you ca n't deny they were playing a very large part in this . 
  why do you have to break my balls ? 
  do n't you get the point i 'm making ? 
  they 're comparable in the way that there 's a lot of societal outrage against homosexuality , and abortus , both coming from a misguided sense of ethics that think it is okay to tell someone what to do with their own body . 
  that 's what i thought but i was n't sure !, 
  i think we in the netherlands do it a lot better , because most of us know that without the eu we would be fucked , and that 's why there 's a lot of noise coming from us when there 's something going on in the eu because we 'd like to fix it , because bailing is n't an option . 
  why ? 
  no , that 's not what it should be . 
  that is what you want it to be . 
  and nice misconstruing of my words , did i say anyone has been treated poorly ? 
  the uk has been treated better . 
  everyone else is being treated fairly , but due to the uk 's constant whining they 've gotten a load of extras , now they 're hopefully gone . 
  no they are not , but they 're both none of my business if someone else is performing them . 
  you are completely right and this is what i meant . 
  not that the uk suddenly has to pay 50 % more than everyone else outside of the eu , but just that our interest will be held firmly whatever the uk would say . 
  no giving in , because they left themselves . 
  the uk has been treated better than most other eu members , due to its constant whining . 
  ` that attitude ' ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  are you serious ? 
  the uk has the best deal of all the countries in the eu . 
  they constantly whine about losing sovereignty , their independence and how they 're overrun with immigrants while the eu kept meeting a lot of their demands . 
  so do n't get me started on your persecution complex . 
  i hope you will get punished hard . 
  you mean the people with an education ? 
  where 's the humanity of the uk ? 
  benefiting for years , whining for years and then a fuck you after all these years ? 
  and do n't get me started on how this referendum was fair . 
  there was so much propaganda flying around from your main man farage , so much bullshit , it 's incredible . 
  also fun to see the research that the lower educated voted to leave , and the higher educated people voted to stay . 
  portraits a clear image on the justifications for this vote . 
  it benefits me if they get smacked down hard in negotiations so people in the netherlands who want to leave europe will see that leaving europe will come with heavy repercussions ( no more good deals because you 're in the eu ) . 
  in other countries too . 
  also , for years the uk has been whining about losing their sovereignty to the eu , while on the other hand raking in benefits from the eu . 
  and always trying to grab more influence . 
  fuck them . 
  mate , did you take your crazy pills today ? 
  so you 're going to deny the people of gibraltar the freedom to vote on their own destiny ? 
  the same freedom with which the british fucked them over ? 
  sounds fair . 
  relieved . 
  i 'm sad for the people in the uk that wanted to stay , but i think it 's a good riddance . 
  no more incessant whining of the uk about eu decisions , and no more undermining . 
  i hope they will be hit hard in negotiations so that people that want to leave the eu will be discouraged . 
  almost as if 52 % of people did want to leave . 
  almost as if 52 % of people fell for that bullshit propaganda . 
  good riddance i say . 
  no , that was from the official results , which of course are hard to find for chavs who voted against because they 're afraid of some muslims and eastern europeans . 
  good riddance . 
  maybe finally , now we can have normal eu without the constant whining of the uk . 
  why does anyone care if a woman aborts her child ? 
  it 's none of your business , just like it 's none of your business if someone likes to mash poop . 
  i really hope that the uk gets punished hard in negotiations . 
  says a lot about the uk if they whine for years for better deals in the eu , and then still leave . 
  bunch of whiny twats . 
  keep on believing in that . 
  yeah but the thing is , we c\u00e1n handle it . 
  i know this may be a bit vindictive , but i really hope the eu wo n't play ball with the uk . 
  they had the best deal out of all the countries in the eu , and they just told the eu to shove it up their ass . 
  hope they get bled dry and will really feel the consequences of this .
