with good reason . 
  becoming a fighter pilot is no easy thing , and they 're one of the few who deserve the respect because of their jobs . 
  damn are you being paid for this ? 
  why are you misrepresenting the facts and arguing semantics ? 
   asked whether the cameron family still had money in a panama fund , the prime minister 's official spokesman said it was `` a private matter '' . 
  which it is not . 
  nobody asked him about his father , or his fathers money or where it came from . 
  and either way , concerning what cameron hopes to do to encryption and privacy , he does not deserve to tell people that something is a private matter . 
  just like is said in the article . 
  damn you are some scum , using that as a way to convince people of your point , which must be really poor . 
  imagine the intelligence of the average person . 
  now imagine that half of the population is dumber than that . 
  yeah that 's fun and stuff but he deserves to be hounded because of this . 
  4 years ago the conclusion was that everything was legal , and hopefully we 'll see if everything was as legal with these new leaks . 
  until cameron stops saying things like [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/britain-is-too-tolerant-and-should-interfere-more-in-peoples-lives-says-david-cameron-10246517.html ) , and saying that he should have the [ right ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2015/jan/13/cameron-ban-encryption-digital-britain-online-shopping-banking-messaging-terror ) to read every form of communication ( well not he personally but law enforcement ) he should n't be so insisted on his privacy . 
  him asking for privacy on this matter is hypocritical as fuck and should not be honoured . 
  we should be allowed to research every single fucking inch of his life , if he insists on harming the privacy of everyone . 
  apparently it does n't represent a lot of people , looking at the current political climate . 
  which makes a lot of sense when the fucking pvda and the vvd are in a coalition . 
  it destroys both of them . 
  i 'm not saying that there was no `` illegal '' cheating involved from anyone else other than volkswagen , i 'm saying that even if there were no cheating those tests do not accurately reflect real life conditions , as has been noticed by the relevant national authorities , and more stringent procedures will be set in the coming years . 
  it 's nice that you think vw should get a medal . 
  hope you enjoy yourself . 
  yeah and all of the watchdogs around europe have said that even if volkswagen were to adhere to these tests , that would not have made a single difference because every single manufacturer is emitting more than they let on during the standardized tests . 
  there are new tests in the pipeline which will be harder to fool and which will be more representative of regular driving conditions . 
  and had you paid any attention the past few months you would 've known that almost every controlling agency in the eu ran real life tests which showed that the standard tests were massively failing . 
  the dutch government is situated in the hague , not amsterdam . 
  awwww , still having that persecution complex ? 
  i agree . 
  our bread is so soft , it 's more a fluffball than a nice german sourdough . 
  why do you people keep quoting others out of context , is this how low you go ? 
  he did n't just blame the right for the return of terrorism in france . 
  he said that with their policies in the past governments of chirac and sarkozy the right have crippled the security departments in france . 
  considering france 's rising criminality numbers during those periods , i can agree with him on some level . 
  chirac and sarkozy dropped the ball hard on curbing recidivism , and rehabilitation of criminals . 
  also , i 've seen you post around / r/europe for a while now , and because my french is n't the best anymore and i ca n't read / r/france quickly , i 'll just hold off on believing you over my french friends . 
  you 're like the typical right wing nutjob posting around reddit . 
  you can cry all you want about valls having only gotten 6 % of the vote , but that 's what you 'll have to deal with . 
  most other ministers did n't even get voted for . 
  that 's what you have in a parliament . 
  so against who are you arguing ? 
  did i mention anything against profiling ? 
  also , i hope you did n't miss me saying : enough with the sarcasm . 
  i do not condone this blanket surveillance , and i am against it . 
  i was just going off on a tangent because that guy compared the fucking raf with millions of potential terrorists in the middle east after all this bombing , and then a couple of million more in the eu ( if you assume all muslims are potential terrorists , which again is a very shitty thing to do ) kind of a moot comparison . 
   fighting this terrorism would mean you have to profile and work outward from the root , but pc culture says no , which is pretty funny , since you do n't see them screaming at the police when they use statistics to focus on traffic areas where the most accidents happen , profiling is only outlandish when it goes against someone 's pseudo-feelingz . 
  can you please explain what you 're on about ? 
  working outward from the root ? 
  thank you for copying it !, 
  i see , it indeed does n't go into as much detail as i would have wanted , but of course , this is n't something you just whip out of your sleeve on a moment 's notice . 
  can you explain something to me ? 
  i do n't completely get this part ( or it must be a joke or something ) :  `` ja , ich bin konservativ . 
   yes , i am a conservative . 
  i believe that some human fundamental constructions , some virtues are important . 
  that is : being decent , honest , not to cheat , and to think carefully about what you 're doing . 
  is he equating being a conservative with this ? 
  or am i missing something . 
  break up muslim ghettos ? 
  so what , you want to force people out of their houses ? 
  there you go , not allowed just like that in a normal state . 
  so first you 'll have to build new housing , find people to move into the ghettos , find people to move out of the ghettos , all while not infringing on people 's rights . 
  quit arming the world ? 
  well , that will help so much in stopping terrorism in france ? 
  ( hint : no it wo n't , unless everyone in the world stops selling arms ) deport hate preachers : you seriously think this is n't already happening to preachers that do n't have a french passport ? 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.terrorscoop.com/40-radical-muslim-hate-preachers-deported-france-many-deportations-come/ ) the first hit from google when i search hate preachers france . 
  it even comes with a quote from valls and how he supports this . 
  assimilating immigrants or get deported is n't feasible at all , unless you mean something like a test for people that get naturalised , which they already have ( along with practically every country in the world ) . 
  you ca n't just force people to drop their religion when they come into your country . 
  remove dependency of saudi resources is a good one , which i agree with completely . 
  helping refugees in me only , well you can try but that wo n't limit the terrorism . 
  how many of the perpetrators of the last attacks posed as refugees ? 
  not that many , most of them have been living in france/belgium for multiple years . 
  you can enforce your border all you want , terrorists will still be able to come in . 
  withdrawing from the me wo n't help by now , everyone is too deep in . 
  this may have helped 10 years ago . 
  and he will keep barking against terrorism , but that does not mean he wo n't see reality , that it will be something we in europe will have to live with . 
  how do you explain your logic , that what he said means that he 'll give up the fight against terrorism ? 
  probably both , as most of the people calling for valls head are . 
  do n't even bother , this guy is so far gone that its not even funny . 
  well , maybe you might explain then why all of the governments around the world seem to try and monitor more and more communication each time a terrorist attack happens in/near their country ? 
  and erode more and more the privacy of their citizens ? 
  the germans had it all figured out in the 70 's with the raf ( which by the way numbered less than 20 iirc ) , which of course was completely identical to our world now , and you can easily transfer their tools from back then top anti-terrorism now . 
  enough sarcasm , what do you mean by profiling ? 
  everyone can shout 1 word as the solution , but yours does n't even make any sense . 
  do you really think all these agencies do n't profile people any more ? 
  it 's basically all they do , constant monitoring of people and updating their profile , cataloguing them as high-risk/low-risk/no-risk etc. 
   he should resign simply because during his tenure 200 + people died in france due to terrorist attacks . 
  i disagree vehemently . 
  unless you can prove that the terrorist attacks were possible ** only ** because of his policies , then yes , but that is not the case and you know it . 
  nobody could have prevented the attack in nice . 
   while i could add tens of reasons why he should resign because he is responsible for the irritable state the french society is now ... 
  i think the first reason is plenty . 
  have some balls . 
  well then , add those reasons . 
  maybe then i 'll change my opinion , but him having to resign due to terrorist attacks is just plane wrong . 
  who do you want then ? 
  somebody who will take away more of your liberties without results ? 
  how long has your country been in a state of emergency ? 
  almost 9 months ? 
  it does n't seem to have helped .
