  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  seriously ? 
  do the kurds in turkey , iraq and syria have their own parliament ? 
  lets compare burma to scotland if we 're at it anyway , jesus man ... 
  they earn more now based on a complete fictitious mark up of their internet services . 
  it does not cost a provider any more money to route their traffic if the consumer is from albania , or from germany . 
  it 's just like a water company asking for more money if a customer is foreign . 
  and you talk as if there are no tourists in germany , or people going there for business ? 
  before you start attacking straw mans please bring up some numbers on how many people roam in spain , and compare that to the amount of people in frankfurt . 
  seems like you 're just whining for the sake of whining . 
  if you look at it objectively , it does n't cost the spanish telecoms any more money to serve me my internet after july 1 , than it does before july 1 . 
  it 's just them arbitrarily asking for more money depending on where someone 's from . 
  now that 's not allowed . 
  the russian capital is n't st. petersburg , but moscow . 
  i realise now though you meant that when it was built it was the capital , which is true so my bad . 
  i 'm just going to let you rethink your knowledge of capitals slowly . 
  grow up , kid . 
   can you reply again with more nonsense , you are a brilliant source of entertainment this sunday evening , why not make some more baseless assumptions , i understand that is all you have left , you do n't have any rational , logical arguments , it 's all good , i understand . 
  funny , this coming from a fucking retard who thinks 9/11 was an inside job . 
  i should n't have even started with you , retards drag you down to their level . 
  you see yourself as a winner because of this ? 
  you , who ca n't hold a job amongst immigrants ? 
  you , who was so hell bent on ` taking back ' your country . 
  fueled by murdoch 's bullshit . 
  but please , be happy , i till the shithole you live in gets its eu subsidies pulled , and we 'll see who is a ` winner ' . 
  you 're making the classic mistake of assuming that anything / u/gavy101 says is based on facts . 
  you dare talk about straw men ? 
  do you even proof read your own posts ? 
  ahh poor kid . 
  yes and now we wait on statistics you 're going to provide , which will evidently show that more than 95 % of the refugees/migrants have not committed any crimes . 
  what now ? 
  do you want to demonise all of them like / u/uw0tme1ght is doing ? 
  are they all raping and murdering your citizens ? 
  or is it a small group that should be dealt with ? 
  as if raping and murdering citizens did n't happen before refugees . 
  lol, 
  once one company holds the dominant market share ( not just a bigger company ) they are not allowed to abuse their position in one market to unfairly influence their position in a new market . 
  google 's dominant position is in the search engine market . 
  by putting the google shopping results at the top ( which they are paid big bucks for ) they are in fact comparing products for you , and putting the best as first in the result , because you assume that google is putting these products there with a reason , not just the fact that they 're paid money for it . 
  there 's also another industry , the `` product-comparison-websites '' industry , for lack of a better word . 
  by showing these google shopping products as first in the search results , while pushing down product review websites as a result , they unfairly disadvantage the other companies . 
  this is not due to google providing a superior product-comparison service , this is just because google ( the search engine ) is theirs , and they put their own products higher up the search results list . 
  clearly , this is an advantage based not on product superiority , but because they 're using their huge market share in another industry , so it is not allowed . 
  if google search was something very niche and not widely used , there would be no problem as there would be no way to leverage their market share into bypassing all the other competitors unfairly . 
  what ? 
  i think we should punish companies if they use their success in one market to corner another market by stifling competition . 
  while there definitely are tons of search engines out there , and i can probably name a few that are pretty niche , they in no way even come remotely close to the market share google has and the regular person will not know of them . 
  they also are in no position to profit off of their position in the search engine market the way google could . 
  that is because apple does not in any way hold the dominant market share , while google most definitely does in the search scene . 
  heheh nice analogy . 
  my apologies i missed the fact that we were talking about the turnouts in the parliamentary elections , not the presidential one . 
  there was n't a 40 % turnout at all . 
  it was way higher than that . 
  why i 'm buttclenched so much ? 
  he may have a point about the sensationalist tendencies of the us media , but he specifically states that the incompetence surrounding the wh right now should n't be pinned on trump . 
  acting as if the media is hyping up some stories about him , while it is trump itself that is so wholly incompetent that the media has no choice but report on it . 
  acting as if this should n't be pinned on trump is ignorance at it 's best and active misrepresentation of the facts at its worst . 
  yeah kiddo , in no way is the surplus of incompetence around the wh trump 's fault . 
  he 's faultless , and all the faults of the current wh are not due to him , and the media definitely should not highlight how trump ( has ) played a major role in this incompetence . 
  otherwise they will seem like vultures . 
  and that hurts their feefees . 
   there may be a surplus of incompetence around the wh right now but do n't pin this on trump . 
  this is the stupidest remark i have seen in this thread . 
  the whole air of incompetence around the wh right now is caused by trump . 
  he 's an incompetent buffoon , and the media calling him out on it constantly ( and his own staffers who keep leaking ) is them being vultures ? 
  it 's their job . 
  they 're not there to coddle trump , and praise him for every small little thing he does . 
  they 're there to check him . 
  which they 're doing an awesome job of . 
  how about you just stay in the donald and keep the fairy tales about the crusade against you by the media in that shithole . 
  yeah the campaign bus driving around with that slogan really showed it was just farage . 
  people believed that shit , and then afterwards farage can say : ' i was never part of the government so i could just lie without a problem . ', 
  does that sounds good to you ? 
  i do n't know if i would consider rutte better than may , i do n't know what and how she does internally in the uk , but that 's not the point . 
  they also promised something about 350 million pounds and the nhs , and then withdrew . 
  good luck with your politicians . 
  wrong it is then . 
  the irony that two dumbfucks think that just by comparing growth you can say that the french are propping up the german economy and think that they 've somehow said something smart , all the while being upvoted by 25 other dumbfucks . 
  does this growth differ because of the eu , or because of different internal policies ? 
  does this growth differ because of different industries ? 
  does this growth differ maybe because of a declining work force ? 
  all things you and / u/rust95 have n't thought about , or have but thought to leave it out because how to better make a point than remove 95 % of relevant data and misrepresent the 5 % you have left . 
  it differs between us and uk . 
  us would do as you did , putting all punctuation relating to that sentence ( even if it is punctuation that is not present in the quote ) before the last quotation mark . 
  in the uk you would put the ' . ', 
  after the quotation marks , that is if i 'm correctly remembering it . 
  i hope someone else will show up to help !, 
  these kind of laws hep to make sure we do n't get turds like le pen and trump . 
  if one side can not express itself normally without being so distasteful as to trigger the laws limiting the free speech , they do n't deserve to . 
  and i could n't agree less with you and weteggfart and i majorly agree with the other guy . 
  you need to sort yourself out , ` bro ' . 
  you ca n't even construct a correct strawman , cretin . 
  oh yeah kid ? 
  got any examples ? 
  as far as i remember they slammed microsoft due to their monopoly practices , does n't seem like it 's for the interests of big money capital ? 
  they 've slammed apple , starbucks and i can keep going on . 
  no roaming fees in europe , does that seem for the interests of big money ? 
  prices of staples food have dropped , seems very beneficial for big money !, 
  you can just shut the fuck up and go back to your shithole . 
  telling someone to shut the fuck up because they 're lying is harassing ?
