  schauble couldnt even solve the euro crisis and failed to create a future for the european youth and finally he has the key ideas of saving africa and the me ???? 
  eh i do n't agree , while the idea was there there was no specific framework for structural development , and too much is lost to corruption . 
  there is still no framework for actual structural development , but i want to wait to see if he has some concrete ideas except for just investing , and on how to handle the gigantic drain of money through corruption . 
  also , i 'm sorry but sch\u00e4uble was not the sole one responsible for solving the euro crisis . 
  and what future did he fail to create ? 
  speak for yourself . 
  i have a very good future in the eu . 
  i do n't get the mixed reactions to this . 
  is n't this a good idea ? 
  that the countries that are better off , help the ones that are not so well off . 
  it 's what we are doing currently with little to no structural results , but mostly immediate relief help . 
  if the focus shifts to structural help , funding infrastructure , education , etc. 
  this might be a big part of helping countries in africa to develop their countries faster , which in turn helps us out because now they can buy more from us . 
  of course , sch\u00e4uble needs a new speech writer , because his metaphors are n't really thought through 100 % . 
  figures of speech , neighbor . 
  hahahahahahhahahahahahahhahahahhahahahahahhhahahahhhahaha . 
  i really doubt they were taken by surprise . 
  this whole coup reeks of amateurism . 
  i would n't be surprised if this was all a farce . 
  if you 're comparing the shah in iran with assad , gaddafi and hussein you have a lot to learn . 
  mate , get your retarded logic out of here . 
  you forget the shootings of the past years ? 
  go be edgy somewhere else . 
  so obama is an ineffective leader because of all the shootings ? 
  so the president of indonesia is ineffective , because there are a lot of terrorist attacks ? 
  i mean , if we 're still busy , putin is ineffective because there were some terrorist attacks in russia ? 
  do you see what kind of bullshit you 're peddling ? 
  you can try to keep your country safe , but you 'll never get everyone . 
  those dictators you mentioned kept the region stable and safer than now . 
  that 's why . 
  can you prove he is an in effective leader ? 
  why do we have to prove to you that he is effective ? 
  the onus is on you , and judging him because he could n't stop these terrorist attacks is weak . 
  there is no way to stop them , only extreme measures that infringe on the privacy and freedom of the common man . 
  they 're already in a state of emergency for the past how many months ? 
  how much did it help ? 
  and you try to blame him . 
  get out of here . 
  nice revisionism . 
  this dictators you mentioned were what kept the region stable . 
  their removal left a power vacuum and now everyone is fighting for more power . 
  hahahahahhaha this is a fucking clown show . 
  thank you mami . 
   obviously it would require the eu wanting the same but anyone with a single brain cell already knew that . 
  there is no rational reason for the eu to not support a free trade deal , ** the eu sells more to the uk than the uk does the eu therefore in some sort of tariff war the eu would be paying more than the uk would . 
  ** a free trade deal is better for everyone . 
  oh really ? 
  where did you get that from ? 
   the uk is the eu 's largest single export market in goods , if you treat the uk as if it were outside the eu . 
  the united states is a close second . 
  they make up 16 % and 15 % of exports to non-eu countries respectively . 
  this assumes exports to the uk would be the same if we were n't an eu member . 
  [ \\ [ 1 \\ ] ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/where-does-eu-export/ ) and now this :  `` half of everything we sell to the rest of the world we sell to europe ''  britain stronger in europe , 9 november 2015 [ \\ [ 2 \\ ] ] ( https://fullfact.org/europe/do-half-uks-exports-go-europe/ ) . 
  these are from your own uk factchecking agency . 
  i think the eu will obviously look out for their own interests , if that means a free trade deal is more beneficial then it would do that , but in no way does the uk have the leverage in this situation . 
  i just used your argument against you , if that 's so weird to you , you might want to change your views . 
  wow . 
   that said i doubt the government will be able to secure such a deal and the likely result will simply be a free trade deal between the eu and uk , however long that takes . 
  so the leave campaigners blatantly and clearly lied , because everyone knows they wo n't be able to secure such a deal without other countries in the eu wanting the same . 
  hopefully they 'll learn from their mistake , instead of voting for the inevitable farrage , who is obviously going to complain from the sidelines again . 
   it does n't , both leave campaigns ruled out ever joining the eea , why is this meme still alive ? 
  oh did they now ? 
  did n't you watch bbc newsnight ? 
  here , have a look at [ this ] ( https://twitter.com/bbcnewsnight/status/746466834610692096 ) , one of your major proponents ruled out ever joining the eea ? 
  well last night he said it would be good if they joined . 
  have fun . 
  it sucks , does n't it ? 
  finding out you 've been lied to your face for months . 
  edit : please react to this / u/ahoydeerrr , i want to hear your feelings about being lied to . 
  edit 2 : by the way , it 's your beloved farage who was in the fisheries committee , and did n't do his job . 
  might have actually changed something , if he tried . 
  he should n't have been doing that . 
  if you get elected somewhere , you do your job while trying to change it . 
  you ca n't just let everyone else pick up your slack . 
  nice proof of character . 
  wow , you 're so smart and enlightened !, 
  arguing about your free media and how they 're free so they can say what they want , all sarcastically !, 
  how did you become this enlightened ? 
  normal people would think one man owning the majority of media companies would cause problems due to conflicts of interests , but you , you 've figured it all out !, 
  can you tell me your secret ? 
  how does ruport murdoch stay neutral throughout this whole sham of a referendum ? 
  i mean , it 's not possible that he has a whole other agenda ? 
  you do n't think it would maybe suit him financially and/or politically if all of his media companies started saying that the eu is bad ? 
  that all of your problems stem from the eu ? 
  i mean , he would n't do that , would he ? 
  letting the media paint the eu in a negative light ? 
  i mean , who would do such a thing ? 
  misrepresenting the facts for his own gain ? 
  no one right ? 
  nigel farage . 
  nice one finding one of the five things he attended . 
  the voice of the uneducated mass who is afraid their jobs will be taken , which have been lied to non stop by the proponents of leaving , and thought they would get rid of immigration . 
  newsflash : if the uk wants to stay in the eer , they 're going to have to accept free movement of people . 
  you still wo n't get rid of your filthy immigrants . 
  have fun . 
  and you can whine all you want about being antidemocrats , but he 's not an antidemocrat , he just disagrees with your decision . 
  we can call it stupid all we want , which it is . 
  so he was elected , and got a position as member of a committee , did n't do his job , complain about how the eu does n't do its job and that 's fair ? 
  well i 'm running for dissolution of the european union , i 'll go sit in the parliament and do nothing all day , complain how the eu sucks and collect my paycheck . 
  so did you when you bought that milk at the grocery store , you fucking tax evading scum .
