i bought a sim card a couple years ago and had to register in a website and give a lot of information . 
  what the hell ? 
  if it is a national transference you just need an app and a phone number here . 
  well here is like the us then . 
  usually if lights are green for cars they will start moving and if you are still crossing , you better run . 
  so there is a moment where it is red for both cars and pedestrians and it is usually the time needed to cross the road . 
  in some roads ( not that many ) for some reason , it stays red for both for a long time and everybody hates it . 
  multibanco and mbnet . 
  both really safe and you do n't have to put your card information anywhere . 
  for national transactions you can request a multibanco reference and use it on an atm or your bank website to make the payment . 
  mbnet basically creates virtual credit cards ( one use or so ) linked to your bank account , but with number , ccv and validity different from you physical card . 
  you can use these like any cc . 
  yeah . 
  you have to ask for still water . 
  weird . 
  never heard either . 
  monthly fire siren test sounds awful . 
  subs is one of those things you get used to . 
  the only dubbed movies we have are for little children . 
  after that everything is subbed . 
  this motivates children to read faster so that they understand what is being said . . 
  since we get used to subs from a very young age , we pretty much read them without realizing . 
  nowadays i can see movies and understand everything but still sub it ( usually in english ) . 
  nowadays i only hear it when people say `` i bought my house/car for x contos '' or something like that . 
  do n't remember the last time someone converted to escudos/contos to try to figure out if something is expensive or not . 
  not really . 
  there might be some banter during the time you are attending college but not after . 
  but i know that my college organizes some events for alumni like orquestras or something . 
  as for clothes , the students usually organize the printing of sweaters with the university name and course . 
  people buy because they are cheap and good for winter . 
  but i do n't think anyone uses them after graduation . 
  many versions but they all start with `` joaninha voa voa '' - ladybug fly fly ( as in flying ) . 
  a few years ago i learn a morbid version of the song and after that ca n't remember any of the children ones . 
  just an opinion , but maybe when you went to france you were expecting something completely different that your normal , but when you realised it was n't you started to notice the similarities . 
  when you went to the uk you were thinking that it would be like coming home , but when it was n't you started to notice the differences . 
  different expectations resulted in finding a country more ( or less ) foreign . 
  really ? 
  i actually enjoyed my vacation there and hope to visit again soon . 
  which experience ( s ) happen to cause that aversion ? 
  as far as i know , calamari is like the name of the dish or something . 
  they use choco to make calamari . 
  same here so it must be true !, 
  if they are studying in the same city where their parents live , they stay with the parents . 
  but it is quite common to study in another city . 
  when studying in another city people usually rent a room in an apartment with other students ( how good the apartment depends on what your parents can afford ) or if you are low income , there is always the option to live in a student residence , but there are n't many of these and students prefer the apartments anyway . 
  as for financial aid , is mostly only given to really low income people , and i think it pays tuition , and in some cases i think it is enough to pay for the student resident and meals in the school cafeteria . 
  this last part i only know what i heard here and there so take it with a grain of salt . 
  portugal vs portugal . 
  tough choice . 
  figo is fruit here . 
  the bigger problem is the language barrier . 
  most universities in europe have english classes in the masters degree , but only the local language for the bachelor . 
  alprazolam ( 2 mg ) - 3.85 for 20 pills inderal 40 - 3.68 for 60 pills, 
  always did it , and it is so normal that i do n't think about it . 
  but have been meeting a few people from other countries and that has been weird . 
  some kiss , some dont , so you never know how to behave . 
  do n't know how you do it !, 
  less than 18 \u00b0 c should be illegal !, 
  perfect !, 
  2010 i think . 
  most people here did n't noticed because it was weak and during the night . 
  but since i lived in a very high building and was awake , i saw everything in my room moving and shaking . 
  this !, 
  the clothes is a dead giveaway . 
  it looks like there is a catalog `` how to dress in europe so that everyone knows i 'm american '' and every american shops from there . 
  people smoke privately , in small groups , large groups . 
  not a big deal . 
  the older generation may not look at it favorably but usually no one cares . 
  do n't know any either . 
  i may research later when this name started appearing . 
  but there is this new trend of `` reviving '' the classics . 
  i think that ana and jo\u00e3o were number 1 for a while and now ana is not even in the top 5 . 
  2016 girls : * maria * matilde * leonor * carolina * beatriz boys : * santiago * jo\u00e3o * francisco * rodrigo * martim edit : formatting, 
  i think the older generation still has the mindset of working in the same employer . 
  it is how they did back then , and it showed loyalty , security , etc. . 
  the younger generation will stay in the same company till something better comes along . 
  some actively pursuit it , others do n't . 
  as for contracts , i think it must vary from field to field . 
  i have seen a lot of contracts that have `` undermined time '' , and these can last a long time . 
  football ? 
  a friend of mine said he was going to the benfica museum , and had his scarf and all . 
  i mockingly said if he made me go , i would wear a scarf from another ( any other ) club , and that probably would n't be a good idea 'cause i would be in a world of trouble . 
  he mockingly said he that i would not need to go there for the trouble , he would hit me himself . 
  i think he was serious ... ps : i have no club , and i would not do that , ever !, 
  jokes aside , football is a serious subject here . 
  we usually write $ 2,50 . 
  fun fact : before euro , the coin was escudos and always came after the price ( 200 $ ) . 
  do n't know why this changed and is probably the reason that you can find sometimes 1 $, 
  they also hire a lot of portuguese nurses . 
  probably from other countries as well, 
  the poll was conducted by a public tv station that is only watched by the older generation ( at least i do n't know anyone young that watches that channel , aside from the occasional news ) . 
  so that result does not represent that many people . 
  regarding why these people choose him , i can only speculate , but aside from the oppression , he was a charismatic person that help achieve stability in portugal in a time where it was needed , and very quickly . 
  people prefer to remember the good than the bad . . 
  interesting . 
  any idea why ? 
  that explains it . 
  i think i heard something about an international reply coupon . 
  you should try to get information about it in your local post office . 
  but there is a common policy .
