cleese is usually funnier than this and has less charitable opinions on belgium . 
  if it surfaces close to belfast , i suggest `` titunic '' . 
  doubles as a catchy newspaper headline for when the company managing it inevitably goes bankrupt . 
  well , apart from all the international controversy that happens when wilders does something like this on tv ... 
  i guess you could argue that it gives a national platform to extremists , since you can theoretically gain a seat in the house with only 0.67 % of the national vote . 
  but i personally do n't think the influence of a 3-minute commercial once every few weeks is that dangerous , compared to the internet . 
  any party that holds seats in the senate or house of representatives can request a broadcast slot of up to 3 minutes , on national public tv or radio . 
  the division of time between parties is determined by an independent commission , by lottery where necessary . 
  the content of the broadcast is completely up to the political party . 
  the main reason for this system is that the dutch public media is not 1 big `` impartial '' broadcaster like the bbc , but a number of different associations that were originally set up to represent the viewpoints of specific groups ( catholics , protestants , labour , liberals , etc ) . 
  the amount of broadcast time that each association receives is based on the number of subscribers they have , and their content in the post-war era was generally far from impartial . 
  so without freely available political broadcast time , the smaller political parties would have almost 0 access to public media . 
  in current times , the broadcast associations are a lot less bound to their original purpose , and the main use for political broadcast time is campaign ads when elections are coming up . 
  but without it , it 's still very unlikely that a non-mainstream party like the pvv or the socialists would have any access to public media that was n't completely hostile . 
  etrms as a standard works fine in a vacuum , but 1 . the standards are n't defined strictly enough , train-side ertms equipment made by siemens wo n't necessarily work with track-side ertms equipment made by alstom , for example . 
  2 . operation in practice reveals problems that were n't found in tests , partially because of incompetence but also because you simply ca n't simulate all situations and external factors in a laboratory or small test track 3 . if no country is willing to take the risk , it would never become fully functional the political decisions are probably made by people with little knowledge of the issue , and it 's probably also in the interest of the equipment manufacturers and the consultants to present an overly positive picture of current ertms functionality . 
  but once it becomes fully functional across larger parts of the network , it can have substantial benefits . 
  tl , dr ; early adopters get screwed , but someone has to do it, 
  yeah , the green belt concept is similar , with towns outside the belt effectively becoming concentrated suburbs . 
  although compared to amsterdam , the size and population of greater london is several times larger already . 
  it 's not the most sexy subject , but the dutch policy for spatial planning is called * concentrated de-concentration * . 
  the idea is to avoid massive population density in the cities and also avoid wide sub-urban sprawl , by concentrating the excess population in several well-separated medium-density towns around the major cities . 
  building activity in the area between those towns is strictly controlled . 
  you can see it quite clearly around amsterdam . 
  the city has sprawled up to a point , but you only have to go 2 miles outside the ring-road to find empty tulip-and-windmill country . 
  meanwhile the rest of 50 years of population growth is concentrated in designated towns like hoofddorp , purmerend , and especially almere , the country 's 8th largest city , which literally did n't exist until about 1980 . 
  yeah , most likely . 
  had much better luck in ireland and norway , even though the climate is similar as far as i know . 
  every time i see a film or show set in scotland or the nicer parts of the english countryside , i feel like i should go there again . 
  but then i remember the weather on my last 3 attempts . 
  it 's really pretty though , and almost painfully melancholic in some areas . 
  our relationship does n't get noticed as much because it is n't as flashy as the bipolar one you 've had with the french , but we would make a good team now that the trade empires are dead and buried . 
  impact is overrated . 
  you already have everything a country could want . 
  well , maybe a better climate ... 
  we gave up on [ that strategy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hollandic_water_line ) when paratroopers became a thing . 
  doing it for the whole country would probably be technically possible , but so expensive as to be practically impossible . 
  we should take europe and push it somewhere else . 
  would actually be pretty interesting to see one of these language proficiency tests for understanding regional accents , like what percentage of europeans could hold a conversation with a glaswegian or a west country local . 
  i always thought i was fluent in english until i spent 5 minutes trying to order a sandwich in a pub in limerick . 
  oh yeah , it sounds a lot more annoying outside of a fantasy setting and spoken by teenaged girls . 
  not as bad as scouse though , and it 's pretty intelligible by uk accent standards . 
  is n't that the one sean bean has , for most of his characters ? 
  yeah , first 2 episodes have been aired , they 're up on youtube as well . 
  you 'd be surprised how much of an international audience there is for british panel-shows , even when it 's only available through youtube uploads without subtitles . 
  i do n't recognize half the guests or references , but shows like qi , would i lie to you ? , hignfy or even i 'm sorry i have n't a clue are excellent lazy afternoon television/radio . 
  the 9th and last season of peep show actually just started , i think . 
  they have folding ramps on the platform , wheelchair users have to request assistance in advance . 
  the sign just indicates where there is space for a wheelchair inside of the train . 
  they 've signed an agreement to start a london - amsterdam service with these trains at the end of 2016 , though i think only twice daily . 
  duelling practices in europe and parts of the us were a pretty good example of putting honour above life as well , though the heads of state tried to limit it . 
  ayyy 1v1 us u scrub , north sea no subs , 3pm tomorrow, 
  it seems to be a combined operation of turkish tanks , coalition air support + fsa-aligned rebels as infantry , so when they 've pushed isis and/or ypg back as far as they want , i expect turkish forces will withdraw and leave it to the fsa . 
  or use it to create the `` safe zone '' for refugees that they 've been talking about for 2 years now . 
  isis has allegedly withdrawn most of its forces from jarablus in the last week or 2 , so the border area will probably be steamrolled . 
  the real question is what will happen when they reach kurdish lines north of manbij . 
  ypg with air support took a lot of territory from isis there in the last few months , but turkey really did n't want them going west of the euphrates . 
  i would n't be surprised if they end up trying to take manbij from them and pushing ypg back across the river , cause this conflict is n't nearly stupid enough already . 
  the right to bear flamethrowers shall not be infringed upon . 
  can confirm , once spent 2 months in limerick , everyone at home advised me to bring an umbrella , nobody suggested a stab-proof vest . 
  in truth , the accent was the only truly offensive thing about that place . 
  i do n't think we really do things like official national flowers , dishes or animals . 
  for those smaller , modern regional trains , something between 400 - 700 meters is more realistic , if they 're going about 130 km/h . 
  and that 's not including reaction/spotting time . 
  electrification is actually surprisingly expensive , both in construction and maintenance . 
  many rural lines carry so few passengers and run at such a budget deficit already , that it 's hard to justify the investment . 
  oh , my mistake , i meant specifically ashford and the area around ebbsfleet did n't look all that dense , but i suppose the regional lines would feed a lot of traffic onto domestic hs1 services there . 
  and yes , the border requirements are a pain in the ass . 
  the amsterdam-london eurostar service will have a 30 minute customs stop in brussels as well , cause we ca n't afford to segregate a platform in our busiest train stations just for those few trains a day . 
  it 's kind of self-defeating . 
  i thought db 's plan for the tunnel security clearance was to run double sets through the tunnel and then split them off to cologne and amsterdam , but there has been no news on that for a few years . 
  the original tender contract was scrapped and the ns subdivision running those services was dissolved . 
  the domestic services are now part of the general dutch mainline concession , held by ns , meaning the higher track usage fee and speed requirements do n't really apply anymore . 
  domestic services are now run with improvised 160 km/h trains , with new 200 km/h sets coming into service in a few years . 
  the ticket surcharge was reduced as well , and ridership has improved a lot , showing that there was clearly demand but only at a reasonable price . 
  the main loser in all this is the national government , due to the lower usage fee . 
  i think hs1 could be justified by the sheer size of the business travel market between those cities , even if domestic services do n't amount to much ( that part of england looks pretty sparsely populated ) . 
  if those planned services to germany ever actually get started , and the amsterdam eurostar route grows enough , the investment might pay off sooner . 
  i 'm really not sure about hs2 . 
  the distances are a fair bit longer than on the amsterdam-brussels line , and the city population is higher , so maybe high-speed rail has a decent business case ... but i agree the money might well be better spent on multiple normal-speed lines . 
  especially if they 've scrapped those connections to hs1 and heathrow . 
  i think having domestic ( and belgian ) service on it was always part of the plan , as the normal railway connecting those cities was a bit of a detour and did n't have much capacity left for additional express trains . 
  even with slow trains ( 160 km/h ) , the travel time reduction on the hs line between amsterdam and rotterdam and further is about 20 % . 
  where the whole thing went tits up was putting the domestic services out to tender . 
  ns was so desperate to win it that they put in a ridiculously optimistic bid , promising to pay a very high usage fee . 
  and when they then realised that proper high-speed trains would never be profitable , the government would n't accept anything slower . 
  so they had to go looking for trains rated for at least 250 km/h , that somehow fit within their very stretched operational budget . 
  so they ended up buying sketchy custom-made trains off of some inexperienced italian company , which were delivered years late and then rejected by the belgian safety board within like a year of operation . 
  on top of that , it turned out that they had overestimated passengers ' value of time , since few domestic passengers were willing to pay the additional surcharge for using the faster high-speed trains , so ridership and revenue was very low initially . 
  proper high-speed trains work when you 're competing with airlines and drawing enough passengers with a high value of time , not when you 're competing with regular trains and cars and mostly transporting price-sensitive passengers . 
  for the latter , regular fast express trains ( 200-220 km/h ) are a better , more affordable choice . 
  the operating and purchase costs are simply much lower . 
  whether it 's then worth it to actually build the lines up to full high-speed standards instead of 220 km/h standards is the real question . 
  i 'm sure hs1 has helped eurostar a great deal , but i do n't know if it 's turning much of a profit . 
  yeah , the track is rated for 300 km/h , but the distance between stops is too small to make proper high-speed trains profitable for journeys < 2 hours . 
  dutch-language music is ... pretty limited . 
  outside of rap/urban , the majority of `` serious '' dutch artists probably use english , with a few exceptions . 
  do n't forget proper modern cars and efficient emergency services , mortality rates for accidents have decreased a fair bit over the last decades in western europe . 
  probably true , cda lost seats as well and there is some common ground , though i 'm not super familiar with the conservative wing of the vvd and cda . 
  it just seems to me that most enthousiasm for fvd comes from the young-ish , mostly urban geenstijl crowd , rather than the traditional ( centre - ) right .
