weapons are n't included ; i 'm sure something will find its way to ukraine through back channels but in this situation , it 's russia and the pro-ukrainian rebels that are serving to destabilize the situation . 
  pro-russian elements and crimea would have retained representation in a stable ukraine with trade links between europe and russia as well but russian injection of arms ( and annexation ) certainly precedes any minimal us aid next year . 
  how is $ 15 billion in medical supplies and some bulletproof vests tightening their grip though ? 
  the us is n't even in the top 10 of trading partners or foreign policy concerns for the entire region between germany and russia . 
  ... with hundreds of graphs next to a tab with tens of thousands of articles . 
  i 'm sorry but i 've posed the information and i 'd like to have a honest discussion but there 's a decade 's worth of current events - not a one page wikipedia summary that covers this which you might consider a bad source . 
  the rest is up to you if you want to discuss it . 
  lol tens of thousands of articles over a decade = not good sources ? 
  it 's like asking for a source about american military spending or the formation of the eu . 
  obviously you do n't care about japan 's immigration and demographic trends or what they may represent for eastern europe - or you already know and you just want someone else to do the work for you . 
  it 's been a present issue for over a decade [ but here 's any number of reporters , experts , and groups that have been tracking it ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=japanese+immigration+trend&amp;es_sm=122&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0cduqsarqfqotcjnp-llujcgcfqeqdqodulukuq&amp;biw=931&amp;bih=621 ) . 
  not sure why that 's the thing you need a source for ... 
  source on what ? 
  readily available japanese demographics or that the vast majority of hundreds of thousands of refugees are in fact not terrorists nor prospective terrorists ? 
  it matters a lot who destroyed a country because those people fleeing now were and are the civilians ; given all the foreign funding for every faction in syria ( and afghanistan ) , most probably did n't even support any of the sides except as a matter of survival . 
  they have . 
  just look at their percentage of immigrants or long-term residents now compared to 10 or 20 years ago ; in fact , the high number of chinese women brought over as wives has caused a mild nationalistic row between the two countries . 
  as for the religious fanatics with militant streaks , these are the people fleeing those people . 
  if you 're the one with the gun doing the uprooting and terrorizing , there 's very little incentive to leave - and isis has shown an ability to recruit from natural-born citizens when it wants . 
  i meant in general ; japan 's been against immigration for decades - centuries if you take into account their imperial era . 
  yet their demographics are skewing towards the elderly with a stubbornly low birth rate that they 've had to backtrack on that policy as much as politically possible in order to avoid some serious societal problems . 
  east europe may not want to welcome these migrants but it 's going to welcome them from somewhere if only for its own benefit sooner or later . 
  japan said the same thing for longer and now it 's having to backtrack for its own benefit . 
  genuine acculturation often takes at least a generation though if you want to attract immigrants who will stay and contribute to the country . 
  the refugee crisis is a good flashpoint to debate the policy trend but given the smaller gap in standard of living between eastern europe and germany compared to eastern europe and those countries , something positive is possible . 
  hey now , a lot of that area is alaska and whatever parts of canada we keep stealing when no one 's looking . 
  of course , hence my implication that this would be a test if they can cooperate closer together or be in a worse spot when an even larger crisis looms . 
  apologies for using eu-zone and european nations too interchangeably . 
  did n't iceland say they would take on at least several thousand refugees ? 
  i personally see it as a test of how europe can act together in a crisis ; the eu may have to act cohesively whenever whatever will go wrong in russia finally happens . 
  americans are used to higher amounts of immigration and taking people in but it 's offset by greater distance to most crisis zones and - more - political options . 
  this is the internet . 
  both the engineers and social scientists are here for the porn . 
  and `` libtard '' has guaranteed that no one will read past that word to the rest of your analysis which is decently thoughtful . 
   ten most oppressive points ... and while some might be considered oppressive most are okay by me and leave it to the libtards good job making us americans look bad right off the bat with terrible local political speak . 
  even many of his reddit apologists admit he 's crooked but he 's still seen as the lesser of two evils compared to some laughable conspiracy about angela merkel taking over moscow or something . 
  the problem is that his rumored personal fortune of $ 40 billion due to corruption aside , other autocrats at least invested that money back into infrastructure , works , and future growth if only for themselves . 
  being a petrostate is a great ride and all but a diversified petrostate is a much better bet for people and leader . 
  buzzfeed is a shitmill that actually had an office party when their articles about the dress being blue or white broke 9 figure hits in days but even they are mimicking the high road - low road approach that news media has taken for decades with their own buzzfeed news imprint that has actually done some solid investigative work . 
  newspapers used to have a high road of real work and a low road of sensationalism too . 
  check out / r/truereddit or / r/foodforthought if you want to see more in-depth articles or analyses that get stepped over in news , worldnews , or politics . 
  the technology we have now makes it easier for real journalists to work together over distances and deal with larger amounts of data compared to the old `` notepad and secret meetings '' days . 
  even clickbait sites likes buzzfeed and vice are creating their own small corps of professional journalists that dig deeper . 
  it 's just that same high tide also lifts crap . 
  ... more than one country ; he 's implying that karnayev 's associates were doing shady stuff in the us or europe . 
  people do business in more than one country . 
  pakistan does n't have as big a problem with it as modernization has begun to halt other practices like honor killings and even arranged marriages . 
  a recent anti-pedophilia bill was defeated by a religious political party but there was significant backing among many pakistani citizens and officials . 
  it 's a culture clash that will change generationally although afghanistan is more decentralized . 
  and if they do n't pay you back , that 's what they were willing to be paid to write off the monetary value of your friendship . 
  to be fair , there 's a big difference between plagiarism and creating a diamond cartel while engendering decades of violent racism - although a university might frown more on the first thing . 
  and they was right . 
   being a social outcast was not the reason . 
  it sure did n't help though . 
  so it 's like serbian romanji , eh ? 
   also no blanket statement was ever made . 
  lol and still you ignore that you were wrong on the very stats you googled and even more wrong on how the refugees are `` different '' . 
  enjoy your prejudice while the world spins on . 
  lol it 's racism . 
  you made a blanket statement about millions of people based on their race , culture , religion , or country of origin that has no basis in fact . 
  you then used bad statistics and when confronted with that , continued to espouse that xenophobic which again - has no basis in fact . 
  ** not only are these refugees fleeing the religious zealots - most of their countries were fairly secular autocracies . 
  this is n't even europe 's first refugee crisis or even the first refugee crisis involving muslims . 
  ** take a deep breath and relax . 
   p.s. 
  - you 've been insinuating racism on my part this whole time . 
  stop it . 
  i will when you stop making blanket assumptions about millions of people - which is what racism is . 
  if you choose to stop , then i will too . 
  a refugee crisis is n't going to be easy or pretty but europe has faced three of them in the past 50 years when it was suffering far more . 
  those crises all worked out just as mass immigration did for america . 
  i 'm also not sure why you also doubled down by assuming `` their values '' are vastly different when syria was a fairly secular autocracy as was eritrea and libya . 
  hint : the religious zealots are the ones who attacked them and stayed . 
  i would call it deliberately fudging your own sources . 
  let 's play quote your links :  one quarter were committed by people born overseas , while almost 20 percent were committed by those born in sweden to one or two parents born abroad . 
  so 19.6 % of the population committed 25.6 % of the crime . 
  period . 
  you 're trying to fudge numbers for interracial swedes who still combined for less than 20 % ; should we blame the native half or the foreign half ? 
  is there a test ? 
  are you implying we should make a machine to remove the evil foreign parts of impure europeans ? 
  because that ship sailed sometime around 200 bc . 
  and while we 're here touring your graveyard of logic  more than 300,000 immigrants , mostly refugees , have moved to sweden since the late 1980s , and the situation on the labour market worsened and segregation in the housing sector has increased , the effects of which `` have been particularly negative for immigrants '' . 
  do you recall what happened 100 years in the united states when millions of italians , irish , jews , and other europeans moved into crowded american cities living in horrific slum conditions ? 
  organized crime during the late 19th century dwarfing your numbers creating racist stereotypes that persist to this day . 
  yet after those conditions went away in the united states , at least for european-american immigrants , and they acclimated within a generation or two - so too did the wider swath of organized crime by the 1950 's . 
  and this is 2015 we 're talking about . 
  even if there are less wars ( and there are less ) and other crises , immigration both legal and illegal is going to increase whether you like it or not ; if you do n't , you can ask some of the refugee eritreans about how to immigrate to their former homeland being ruled by a xenophobic regime . 
   do you think the man who was stabbed and almost lost his life feels the same way ? 
  do you think the man or his family blames all refugees or the assailant 's race ? 
  there 's yet to be proof of a `` propensity '' . 
  the plural of anecdotes is n't data ; if you 're writing off millions of people because of one or even a hundred incidents , that 's not logic but just bias . 
  europe has taken in more refugees during harder times ; there were plenty of incidents then too and there will be incidents now - it does n't change their plight or that it 's the right thing to do . 
  is still not the same thing as data . 
  rip your inbox full of kiltdick, 
  it almost makes you wonder how those critical elections in the 1930 's would have gone had austria been part of germany . 
  hitler hailed from austria but austria itself was far more used to diversity and was comparatively less anti-semitic . 
  on the internet , no one knows you 're hannibal . 
  they also disintegrated faster and longer though . 
  you are now editor-in-chief of the guardian . 
  well , the kgb can make you a little crazy .
