  and there have been several instances , where eu bureaucrat accused hungary and the current government with 2/3 majority in the parlaiment of being oppressing freedom . 
  well i only think it 's new , that the people of a country vote this much confidance in a political party ( germans may know this feeling , and it might frighten them - we know why ) . 
  but we all know the truth . 
  because of the previous political party lied to the people , and clearly stole their money , they decided they wo n't choose them to lead the country again . 
  so we all did what we thought was right , and uses our right to choose . 
  and we did , we choose orban & fidesz . 
  why ? 
  because it 's the only viable alternative . 
  there is no alternative to fidesz in hungary , because the opposition is not constructive . 
  they are stuck in their old communist ways of politics , shouting false accusations , shouting that hungary is a dictatory . 
  ( irony is that in a dictatory you would have been put in jail or else for saying this ) as for the migrant crisis . 
  orban & fidesz said before the summer of 2015 , that to many migrants are coming . 
  the statement of merkel has been twisted and turned to fit the needs of these people . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/germany-opens-its-gates-berlin-says-all-syrian-asylum-seekers-are-welcome-to-remain-as-britain-is-10470062.html all syrian asylum seekers . 
  why are afgan , iranian or indian , etc people knocking ( irony ) on our border and waiting patiently ( irony ) for them to be let in to the eu . 
  they 're are n't refuggess . 
  they are economic migrants . 
  merkel was n't talking to them , but they think they have the same rights as real refuggees . 
  so they just marched through our country and headed to the west . 
  merkel realized she did a mistake . 
  they blamed us why we let them come . 
  but you said they could come . 
  and as it turns out merkel & the eu does n't make any difference between an economic migrant & a political refuggee . 
  we have to keep them safe they say . 
  but they 're out of danger anywhere but their country . 
  ah why am i even typing this much , you wo n't understand . 
  oooops someone killed a couple of people in brussels , and it was a muslim , and again , germany , and france , and london , and stockholm ... yeah all of them are n't terrorists right ? 
  well news flash all of them are n't refuggees , but simple migrants . 
  and lot of them are a security threat . 
  hungary did put up a wall . 
  there are stations where people can apply for asylum like ordinary people , and not like a herd of animals marching toward their goal . 
  and now brussels wants us to relinquish our right to control our own electrical bills . 
  they want to micro manage our country with their policies ? 
  why ? 
  why do they think they have this right , to interfere in a country like this . 
  this quota thing is also not making any sence . 
  why ? 
  if you make us take dunno 2-3000 refuggees / year , but we ca n't make them stay in our country ( it 's against their freedom of movement  eu policy ) , their first order of busines will be to head back to the west ... 
  they are n't dumb ... 
  so the policies that brussels tries to enforce are useless , serve noone but makes them look so humane . 
  give me a break . 
  they are bureocrats who are completely detached from reality . 
  they are one a completely different level . 
  they want the greater good . 
  ( irony , maybe for them , because these measures defy reason ) people all over the world , you need to open your eyes to the sad trouth . 
  this system is flawed . 
  brussels needs to be reformed to serve their own citizens first , and also others , but not giving any opportunity to be taken advantage of its kindness . 
  ( because we are being taken for fools now ), 
  there 's where you 're wrong . 
  csok requires you to have a job and paying the taxes . 
  btw there are tax cuts also for parents . 
  first of all you need to be employed for 180 days in order to able to apply for this + insurance . 
  to make it clear . 
  hungary had a support policy before , which was like the one you described about until 10-15 years ago . 
  which only required you to have children etc , that was abused . 
  there have also been support services for unemployed people . 
  but it has changed , now you have to work for you to be able to apply for support . 
  there 's a new public service program , which helps unemployed people to earn money . 
  i really think this support system is more beneficial , than just to receive money for doing nothing . 
  to be honest , all modern , western countries suffer of population decrease . 
  this could be the result of people focusing more on their own well-being and careers . 
  this is the case in germany , england , etc too . 
  this is why they 're in need of foreign workers , because they want to keep their economy growing , or at least stay as it is . 
  i do n't see any problem with the government supporting it 's own nation to have more children , thus not to be dependent on other nations workforce . 
  this is in place to stall or even counter the demographic decline . 
  i think it 's a really good move , to encourage young couples . 
   a man with a knife has been arrested near buckingham palace , as britain remains on critical terror alert amid fears manchester suicide bomber salman abedi did not act alone . 
  the latest : http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/05/24/man-knife-arrested-outside-buckingham-palace-moments-queen-drives/, 
  i 'm getting all the time bashed on some reddit posts here in / r/europe for my views . 
  and i do n't want to offend anyone . 
  they say that the government is xenophobic etc , but i support them , because i think that they see this as i do . 
  all their actions indicate this . 
  i saw all the footages the western media broadcasted regarding the migrants , how they cut and put the videos together to make the migrants look like they 're being misused , but as a matter of fact they know how they can make themselves look like victims of the hungarian police . 
  these are just lies . 
  you can just look on youtube for yourself . 
  i know some of them are really desperate , but that 's no excuse to provoke the police like they did at r\u00f6szke . 
  they just took their little children to the gates so that the police 's tear gas affected them too , and then cried in front if the cameras , because we handle their children this way . 
  that 's simple manipulation . 
  they were safe when they left syria . 
  at that point if they travel further from turkey for example , they are no longer refugees imo . 
  merkel invited them , she and the eus failed policies trying to solve the situation are responsible for these attacks . 
  and i think she knows that . 
  i could n't sleep at night knowing i sm indirectly responsible for these deaths . 
  thank you for the clarification, 
  as a hungarian i am on the same opinion as our government . 
  i watched several videos ( uncut , unmodified ones ) that showed migrants , their behavior , interviews with them . 
  i ca n't blame iur government for being strict with the refugee policy . 
  we are peaceful people , everyone is welcome until they respect our laws , and customs . 
  they can come but they have to integrate to the society and be valuable members of it . 
  real refugees get real help so rhey can decide whether they want to stay with us , be part of our nation or return home after the situation has been stabilized . 
  but we do n't like people who just want the money the government gives them and do nothing for it . 
  they have to work hard , learn the language and start to work for their living as everyone else . 
  this is not a welfare society . 
  the other problem is that most refugees do n't really want to stay in hungary . 
  they 're interested in the western countries . 
  so if they accepted as refugees into hungary , nothing can stop them from leaving for the west . 
  same applies with the quotes . 
  say they send 1200 refugees to hungary . 
  we ca n't stop them to leave hungary , and surely they will . 
  i do n't even know how they are going to make that happen , since the westminster attacker 's application was also declined still he could remain in the uk .
