the difference is that hungary registers all of them as it is demanded , but croatia does n't because they ca n't handle them ... 
  calm your tits !, 
  they wo n't stay there . 
  they 're heading west . 
  they all will leave eventiually . 
  you need to have a plan for the next ones that are coming ... a fence maybe , since you ca n't handle these numbers . 
  well then there 's no problem ... all non violent migrants should go to the border , get themselves registered . 
  err ... wait they do n't want to do that . 
  on wednesday some real refugees did make their way to the registration point ... 
  they got registered , and they entered hungary to continue their journey . 
  but the rest did kick in the gates at the border ... most of them do n't care about laws and regulations ... that 's the point . 
  there is a legal way for them to cross the border ... 
  but most of them riot , protest and attack the authorities , well thats civilised, 
  you could have expected this to happen ... all the news was about hungary building the fence ... you did nothing ... 
  there was only one possible route left , going through croatia , i 'm not a strategist , but that seems logical . 
  are you really that blind ? 
  i 'm starting to think that i 'm wasting my time trying to explain why we are so mistrustful of these migrants ... you only see them as poor people looking for a brighter future ... and i 'd really like that to be the truth , but events just do n't justify the events that are happening across europe . 
  i 'm really okay with ppl legally coming to my country , settling here , starting a new life , hoping for a better life . 
  but these migrants do n't respect eu laws . 
  not only hungarian , or german , or serbian , but the whole unions laws , they act agressive and demanding . 
  please analyse the events of the past months ... read more sources , view footages of multiple news stations , and make up your own mind . 
  do n't get blinded by this propaganda . 
  if you want a realistic opinion , here it is ... migrants do n't want to stay in hungary , greece , turkey or anywhere else , they just want to go to france , england , germany , sweden , denmark . 
  why ? 
  because of reasons !, 
  hungary is and should be only a transit zone for these migrants . 
  the migrants should obey the law , and let them register themselves by the authorities . 
  they should wait patiently for the process to end . 
  and then they would be allowed to continue their journey . 
  we tried this ... 
  it did n't work . 
  why ? 
  they came in huge numbers , thousands day by day . 
  they refused to cooperate - not all of them , some obeyed the laws , and we did n't have any problems with them - the rest started to riot near keleti railway station . 
  they did n't care about any laws , they just wanted to go to germany since mama merkel loves them so much . 
  their actions forced mav ( hungarian railway company ) to stop any international trains going to austria - germany , and cancel any further international trains in that direction . 
  as the fence got built the migrants arrived to horgos - r\u00f6szke . 
  they all have been informed , that they ca n't cross the border illegally , and if they 'd like to travel through hungary , they should register themselves at the border . 
  for some unknown reason they refused that . 
  but some of them got restless ... 
  they started to throw rocks at the policemen guarding the fence . 
  more and more migrants joined in the attacks . 
  the police responded with tear gas and water cannon . 
  the media only shows one side of these events in hungary , and ppl do n't even bother researching . 
  the hungarian police is n't attacking anyone , they just defend our country from any agression . 
  the hungarian gov. 
  just acts as it is demanded . 
  it protects the schengen borders , and upholds the dublin 3 regulation . 
  imo if i have nothing to hide , and i just want to live a peaceful life far from home , and decide to migrate to another country , it would even cross my mind to attack law officers in order to go through their country . 
  i have nothing to hide , i would get registered , and continue my long journey . 
  and just another thought about this quota issue . 
  the migrants do n't want to go anywhere else but to western european countries . 
  you could try to force them to relocate to different , not desired countries . 
  what is the guarantee for them to stay in those countries , and what should prevent them to go where they 'd like . 
  nothing . 
  should they be prevented to exit that country ? 
  should we use force ? 
  is that humane enough for you ? 
  and how many should we take in ? 
  1 million ? 
  or just half a million ? 
  what about terrorists ? 
  they 're ppl too ... maybe they 're running for their lives too ... should we care for them too ? 
  about 10 % of these migrants are real refugees ... 
  the other just want something we do n't know ... 
  i feel for you my brothers !, 
  so you actually think this happened overnight with a great conspiracy behind it ? 
  this is just dumb . . are n't you a bit paranodid ? 
  guys ... to be clear ... everything that is unpopular for some groups in hungary is and always will be the fault of orban the fidesz party ... me and my coworker said this , a couple of weeks ago ... something happens for example , bus does n't arrive in time - orban 's fault . 
  this is just the same ... 
  some ppl ca n't see the truth even if it 's staring in their face . 
  it is clear that lot of commenters do n't even understand what this is all about . 
  so let me tell you a hungarian point of view . 
  we joined the eu because of its main reason of existence : free market , free capital and common trade policies . 
  as time changed the eu itself also changed , today if feels like brussels is the hq where decisions are being made without asking the member counties citizens about their opinions . 
  honestly , ask yourself , did the eu ask you to be part of syrias problem solving mechanism ? 
  i guess not . 
  `` but it clearly was the right thing to do ... '' there are some odd things i have to mention too . 
  we have been part of the eu when our left mszp party was governing hungary . 
  the eu did n't `` attack '' or propose any sanctions against hungary back then , brussels thought everything was okay . 
  and then the truth was revealed , that the mszp party did nothing , just stole money from the state budget , and indeed did nothing , and almost did bankrupt hungary - makes you think that this would have been okay with brussles . 
  this threw the country in a moral crisis also , people were protesting on the streets , peoples eyes where shot out with rubber bullets . 
  eu was still okay . 
  at least that 's what i think , because there has been no news about brussles waving its hands . 
  and yeah an imf credit was issued to save what 's left , and the need for it was that we need this to counter the economic crisis in the world . 
  so fidesz was chosen in the next polls to govern the country . 
  with a lot of work , this party managed to create jobs , lower the costs of the bills for everyday people , now just in this year they increased the minimal wage in all sectors , and there are negotiations under way with labor unions about the next raises . 
  health workers received additional increase in their wages for obvious reasons . 
  the unemployment rate is constantly dropping : http://bfy.tw/b7th & http://countryeconomy.com/unemployment/hungary so the government is doing it 's job , as it is supposed to . 
  but something must have happened , because the tavares report has come to light ( hungary 's violations of human rights ) . 
  last time i was checking , i had the ability to speak my mind , and do whatever i want , if it was n't against the law , anytime i wanted , so i did n't even understand this report . 
  but yeah , there has been some changes in the hungarian media law and it 's constitution that made someone shit his/her pants . 
  or just as people are nowadays they hear media law and they instantly refer to censorship and prohibiting the freedom of speech . 
  and the circus was on . 
  brussels was like a kindergarden , people holding up pieces of newspapers with the text censored . 
  clearly people did n't even have taken the time to read what the whole thing was about . 
  but they just yelled , that orban is dictator , and he does everything to prevent the freedom of speech . 
  check some hungarian news channels , today , i challenge you . 
  go check out h\u00edr tv , atv , tv2 , rtl klub . 
  ask your hungarian friend to translate , hear how they ca n't speak or report what they want , they are so prevented to report what they want , and all they do is praise the system ( irony ) - so the tavares report was indeed false - but brussels applauded the idea ... - i clearly did n't understand what it was supposed to mean .
