  sorry but this is my very practical/realistic point of view . 
  as i understand they even ca n't even enforce that because that requires a majority vote . 
  2/3 if i understood correctly . 
  but i might be wrong, 
  there should n't be . 
  it 's just hysteria . 
  no other foreign uni had protests or raised a word against this amendment . 
  as a matter of fact the story has been made a spectacle of . 
  as i see things , i feel that hungary is always a good scapegoat id you want to point fingers . 
  i myself am a conservative in my early 30s . i try to be as objective as i can . 
  and i feel that the world has changed much after the end of communism in our country . 
  our democracy is young . 
  but we know one thing . 
  opression is no good . 
  and when mszp was governing hungary i really felt that things are not right . 
  then the pm speech leaked where he said at a party conference that they did n't do anything for the ppl . 
  they stole our tax money , the eu money for the 4th underground was also drained . 
  and that 's only the tip of the iceberg . 
  we chose fidesz at the next election . 
  and things slowly started to change . 
  we repaid our imf loan and managed to boost the economy . 
  as of day one mszp tried to teach a lesson to fidesz how democracy works . 
  and how they should listen to the people . 
  but the fact is that they do . 
  and they do n't have the moral grounds to even make that point . 
  so as the time went by all they did is to make the current government lool bad . 
  and boy they 're good at that like in stealing our money . 
  misinformation is the key even when there are facts against them . 
  they just repeat them . 
  so the truth is that the looks ar deceiving . 
  after i arrive home if you want, 
  you do n't live in hungary , you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  that 's for sure . 
  you just turn on the tv and the leftist news , government criticism , etc. 
  is overwhelming you . 
  you blame the government for the weak opposition ? 
  sorry but the left party left hungary in ruins , people do n't trust them anymore . 
  i do n't feel that the voting system is favoring anyone . 
  why should it . 
  it has only one round . 
  why is that a bad thing ? 
  people know what their opinion is , and they can just go and vote on one day . 
  the number of parliamentarian have been reduced , which is part of the bureaucracy reduction program . 
  why is this not democratic ? 
  or am i missing something ? 
  the low quality of commercial television was one of the reasons why the ad-tax was increased . 
  - if you knew hungarian you should check out some of these channels for yourself , and make up your own mind . 
  so you imply that the hungarian government has influence on the german pro7 & sat1 ? 
  same with telekom ? 
  belongs to the austrian businessman heinrich pecina , among others , n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g , national sport and the world economy . 
  previously , it had the shareholding of the mszp party foundation , the free press foundation , but this 27.65 percent share was sold to mediaworks last year . 
  `` the closure of n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g was not a market decision . 
  because there is no market here . '', 
  - noone was interested in it . 
  so and even if it was the case , that what you 're saying is true . 
  rtl bashes the government on a daily basis , so do the other mediums that i listed . 
  those that you have pointed out are just scapegoats to prove your point, 
  no university is being shut down . 
  that 's just one simple misinformation again . 
  the amendment is n't against the ceu . 
  it is about that any international universities can only award an additional international diploma , if they have an institution & and the institution has a home institution that works , is real , and provides education which results in a diploma ( so it is a real , working school in it 's country of origin ) . 
  so it is not for shutting the school down , but to have more transparency & more even opportunities with local unversities . 
  this is n't that strict of an amendment , there are several countries in the eu that are more strict in this manner . 
  indipendent media shut down ? 
  are you for real ? 
  let me give you a list of these so called independent media outlets that you claim have no chance to let their voice heard : 444 . hu index.hu hvg.hu 24 . hu mno.hu rtl klub ( television ) h\u00edr tv ( television ) atv ( television ) that 's only a couple of them from the top of my head . 
  about the electionts , the thing that hurts the opposition the most , that the actions of the government is supported by most of the voters , if the elections were held today , fidesz would still win . 
  and this is also a fact . 
  other facts : - http://www.cnbc.com/2017/02/08/europes-fear-of-muslim-immigration-revealed-in-widespread-survey.html, 
  well all of these comments coming from other european countries proove only one thing . 
  you get your news from the left-liberal media and do n't even try to be more objective . 
  so hungary 's current government was elected 3 years and 7 years ago and the people gave them 2/3 majority in the parliament . 
  this is democracy , not a dictatorship , as someone might hint . 
  on major issues the current political party holds a consultation with all citizens who can decide to share their opinion or not . 
   orban and his party is blaming soros for this in hungary of course they are , and you might be sceptical , but well not so long ago soros came to visit mr. junker and they had a meeting beind closed doors . 
  noone even knows about what they had talked about . 
  but it really implies that soros is really pulling the strings behind the curtains . 
  some leftist hungarian people just say whatever they want to make orban and his party look bad . 
  so the latest statistics show that the hungarian economy is in great shape , and the numbers are better that they have predicted ... yeah the left says that they ruin the country , but the numbers , the facts say otherwise . 
  so this is the hungarian left . 
  dear becausits2016 . 
  you are fighting a war with yourself m8 . 
  all you have is just your opinion and your hate agains orban and his party . 
  this is exactly what drives the current opposition parties in hungary . 
  they have only one agenda : to make orban step down . 
  how are they going to do better as him ? 
  noone knows , but at least it 's not orban right ? 
  there is no constructive opposition in hungarian politics . 
  they act like little children who shout stuff at eachoter because they ca n't ride the carousel . 
  the opposition should change , not only in its communication but in their motives aswell . 
  as for this article 7 . 
  they attack hungary because he protects the eu borders , does n't want to allow the mass flow of migrants to europe again . 
  but checks every single one of them who legally wants to cross the border to the eu . 
  hungary only aggreed on voluntary migrant quotas not on mandatory ones . 
  so the eu decided that all member states should take in a share of the migrants who are already in the eu . 
  well ok , but it seems a bit odd that the eu enforces this decision with the clear opposition from not only one but several member states , just because some people in suites decide it so ? 
  do they have the right to decide in the name of the citizens of the eu ? 
  there should be a vote on this issue . 
  that really would be fair . 
  every single member state should decide for itself if they want to accept them or not .
