small correction : he said nothing like that . 
  he said ( watch the press conference if you speak german ) : `` 3 countries [ germany , austria , sweden ] can not bear the weight of the question of humanity and the right to asylum by themselves '' . 
  i guess the reporter was a bit overwhelmed by this baroque rhetoric and translated it into something that made sense to her . 
  that 's actually an interesting question . 
  i do n't know much about the topic , but it seems true that germany is falling behind in infrastructure investments ; every time i go back , i 'm struck by how e.g. 
  the train station in my provincial hometown seems to look exactly the same as 20 years ago when i lived there . 
  maybe we should put some forward looking people in this position for a change . 
  but it 's really considered an irrelevant role - i bet that only a tiny tiny fraction of the population could tell you who holds it , or who held it before dobrindt . 
  my guess is that the ministery mostly runs itself , freeing its nominal head to rant against gay marriage and such . 
  before y' all get all excited about this , this is the minister of transportation ( a minor position ) , and belongs to the csu . 
  the csu plays mostly to the bavarian rural population , and it 's not surprising to anyone he 'd say something like this . 
  portugal is a net recipient . 
  you get free money from the eu , which you do n't have to return , and that 's been the case in many recent years . 
  i got 11/19 . 
  do they not have nice countryside resorts in the nordics that can host a conference ? 
  would be easier to keep the treaties apart that way . 
  finding a successor to merkel will be a real problem . 
  she 's not had much luck with picking her prot\u00e9g\u00e9s so far , and personally i do n't think von der leyen is chancellor material ( but nobody thought that of merkel either , so there 's that ) . 
  the average cdu politician is best pictured as your average rural car dealership owner - not as stupid as they appear , maybe , but also not someone you 'd want in charge of anything that matters . 
  merkel 's approval ratings owe a lot to her not being anything like that . 
  ( the spd on the other hand , oh forget the spd ) . 
  i expect other forms of theft as well , to some degree . 
  does n't mean i like it . 
  misleading title . 
  i 'm not surprised that those who want to see the world burn are disappointed by this . 
  the picture is from a 2012 expo for working abroad , [ apparently ] ( http://www.broadsheet.ie/2012/03/03/meanwhile-at-the-working-abroad-expo/ ) . 
  that 's the guy who these days said `` ein reich , ein fuehrer , ein ticket '' in the ep and did a heil hitler gesture to make a point about some public transportation detail . 
  draw your own conclusions . 
  yeah , it 's the part of the plan i do n't really get . 
  greece votes no , then syriza tells germany : `` did you see that ? 
  how many billions are you fascists giving us now ? '', 
  did you guys manage to qualify for the benelux championship this time ? 
  it 's just nice to see people being mindful of each other 's desire for calm . 
  the most amusing part of that for me was that it was called `` reporting center for middle and east europeans '' , because coming right out against poles specifically is problematic for him ( hence the whole doublespeak manoeuvres ) . 
  so technically you could report germans there . 
  that 's a ridiculous distinction when it comes to wilders . 
  can you name one single example where he voted in some pro-muslim way ? 
  then he 's anti-muslim . 
  not rocket science . 
  `` he never was in government '' ? 
  ever heard of gamergate ? 
  what do you think the reason is ? 
  spell it out , be a man . 
  it 's kinda amusing that rutte is being criticized for laughing too much . 
  only in protestant europe , i guess . 
  food in italy is way more ritualistic and ingrained with tradition than in our young barbaric northern countries . 
  they 've had many generations to get it right , they got it right , and your fancy innovations are not likely to improve on anything . 
  i asked my italian girlfriend recently if i could look up the rules somewhere ( in this case it was a discussion about having a soup followed by a pasta in a menu of 4 rounds ) . 
  she said you just know this , like you and i know not to put underwear on our heads . 
  as you put a question mark next to ddr , let me explain this for the younger generation : dance dance revolution was an influential game around the year 2000 which involved physical actions by making use of a special controller . 
  yeah , i agree with you then , minus some small part that may go to remittances . 
  still , you could argue that there are opportunity costs . 
  who does it go to , in your opinion ? 
  the best advice for a european on how to buy condoms in the us is : do n't . 
  just bring some from europe . 
  suppose russia retaliates , turkey invokes nato help , and we 're as close as it gets to a war with russia . 
  let 's hope cooler heads will prevail . 
  it 's a representative democracy . 
  because that 's what many right wing parties are doing at the moment across europe . 
  they like authoritarianism , which is what russia has to offer . 
  we 're talking about a country that went without government for over 500 days . 
  there might just not be enough central power to make big changes like modifying sacred borders . 
  the germans did not outlaw scientology , they just do n't grant it tax exemption . 
  not relevant to this thread , just leaving this here because this subreddit is already in `` teh germanazis deny free speech omg omg '' mode . 
  i 'd disagree with most of these . 
  that 's what you read in school ( well , except schopenhauer ) , but there 's far better . 
  yeah , agree . 
  this guy is a local ad reporter who 's been following the situation on the ground , if you 're interested : https://twitter.com/nielsklaassen of course , unfortunate statements have been made ( `` no tvs '' , etc ) , but not everybody is smart when confronted with a tv camera . 
  i live nearby and have been following this closely . 
  what happened is that the building should have been used as emergency shelteer for refugees temporarily , and then modified so that it can host `` statushouders '' , i.e. 
  people for whom a decision has been made that they can stay 5 years . 
  due to the current strains on the system , the government entity in charge ( coa ) apparently sent a sizeable amount of statushouders instead , which were expecting to be relocated to a less spartan place - where they could lock the doors to their rooms , for example . 
  hence the disappointment . 
  the city has now told the coa not to send new people until they keep the agreements made , which included a more even mix of families with children , and appropriate personnel . 
  there 's some ongoing dispute bureaucratic competencies as well between coa , police , and city . 
  my reading of the situation is that the police will intervene tonight if the situation from yesterday repeats itself . 
  but the syrian group apparently already moved inside the building , stating that the last thing they want is to be a nuisance in the neighborhood . 
  i 'm saying that this is wrong , as in the wrong thing to do . 
  which is why i wrote that it 's wrong . 
  let me know if you have any questions . 
  what do you think we 're doing ? 
  we have a sizeable contingent of able bodied young men in fighting age deployed over there at any given moment . 
  mallorca is clearly ours , it 's just under temporary spanish administration to simplify the building permits situation . 
  it may be common but that does not make it right . 
  spain is not threatening germany in any way , i do n't think there 's any excuse for the bnd doing this . 
  put an old sock in 10 % milk , 90 % water and wait 3 weeks . 
  sauerkraut , beer , and sausages is a good start , but the proper care and feeding of a german nation does require a bit more . 
  for one , you need to give it a good set of rules to follow , or it will be unhappy . 
  yes , we will explain to you why doing things our way is a good idea . 
  multiple times , if needed . 
  i 've long argued that this is actually the main mechanism behind the eu becoming stronger as an institution . 
  it goes like this : at the local level , some situation has developed that requires implementing unpopular measures . 
  the local administration knows it needs to be done but is afraid of upsetting voters . 
  solution : transfer the relevant bit of sovereignity to the eu . 
  i love that people do n't believe it exists  the netherlands are a magical place sometimes , you have to admit . 
  google image search `` soesterberg vliegbasis fiets '' without quotes if you want more pics . 
  i probably wo n't be able to . 
  let 's make a deal : you make a honest effort and try to come up with a definition of what a puppet state would be , i 'll try to prove to you that the uk matches that definition . 
  well my definition of a puppet state is one that does n't go against his masters . 
  you do n't state yours , so i ca n't really do much to convince you .
