oh come on now . . 
  and another question : are you familiar with the situation in usr ilfov ? 
  the media reported that people who were formerly in other parties have taken over the local usr organisation . 
  this is very worrying to me , as one of the key things that made me vote for you was that you would not allow people formerly involved in major parties . 
  how did these people enter usr ilfov , and do you have any plans of dealing with this situation ? 
  again , i understand that there are far more pressing issues at hand and that your manpower is limited , but i would like some reassurance that the situation there will be dealt with when you can . 
  do you have a plan for making your representatives more conscious of the importance of their public appearence ? 
  the opposition and the media friendly to them will try to profit as much as they can from your blunders . 
  they have done that specifically with the recent blunders from nicusor dan and mihai gotiu . 
  as one of your voters , i am concerned to see that your party does n't seem to understand the importance of public perception . 
  while i agree that your work in the parliament , your initiatives and actions are the most important , and that public perception cames as an afterthought , i still recognize the importance of perception . 
  when such blunders occur , it gives off the impression that you are amateurs , that you do n't know what you are doing , and to a large segment of the population that does n't follow politics very closely , those blunders stick in their minds more than your activity in the parliament . 
  do you have any plans for addressing this ? 
  most of their voters , just like them , focus on other issues , mainly on transparency and anti-corruption , and they 're willing to make compromises on other issues . 
  if they were the governing party , i 'd assume they 'd just leave ideological votes up to the parliament , with their members voting their conscience and the opposition voting as they wish , and then they 'd accept that decision . 
  it 's a compromise , sure , but it can work . 
  it 's basically anti-corruption and being new to politics that binds them together . 
  they 're socialists , libertarians , conservatives , ecologists , all sorts of people , except the far-left or far-right . 
  so far , they 're naive , inexperienced , idealistic . 
  they 're known for blunders ( the leader of the party is n't a good public speaker ) . 
  they seem sincere and hard-working , though . 
  lately they 've been desperately trying to amend the buget , while also protesting and staging sit-ins in the parliament . 
  this left them exhausted . 
  this is [ their party leader ] ( https://youtu.be/hnt5ohs-rg0 ) and this is one of [ their senators ] ( https://youtu.be/uoghnrre1i4 ) . 
  so as i said , they 're prone to blunders , they do n't seem to realize the importance of public perception and appearences in politics . 
  their electorate is mostly young , middle class and urban . 
  they 're now the 3rd largest party . 
  it all started when their current leader ( an award-winning mathematician ) ran for mayor of bucharest as an independent in 2012 , and then in 2016 he gathered a party and ran again , getting quite a few seats in the city council , and getting a pretty close second place in the race for mayor . 
  then they extended nationally . 
  they 're mostly social activists , mostly foreign educated . 
  whether or not they grow is entirely up to them . 
  it depends on what they do and how they act now , with this chance that was given to them . 
  foreigners ? 
  or just some romanians with foreign names ? 
  seriously , i 'm curious , show me if any of them are n't romanians that were given foreign first names or that married foreigners , thus getting a foreign last name . 
  i do agree that they ca n't agree on anything . 
  any law on social or fiscal issues would divide them . 
  that 's also part of the reason why they supported the ciolos government , it was an easy way to bypass ideology and just say `` they 're technocrats '' . 
  i do n't really care that much about how they vote on social or fiscal matters , as long as they at least agree on anti-corruption and some centrist measures . 
  we need new parties and people in parliament from all ideologies . 
  true , very true , i forgot about them . 
  former yugoslav country , the first one to break away and the only one to do so peacefully . 
  entered the eu very fast , in it 's first eastern expansion . 
  small country , difficult to pronounce capital , heard it 's very beautiful . 
  it has a very tiny connection to the adriatic sea . 
  iirc i 've seen a article about a city that built a beer fountain for the public there , but i 'm not sure it was in slovenia . 
  easily to mistake for slovakia ( although their names seem pretty different to me ) . 
  i 've read the two countries meet diplomatically each month to exchange wrongly adressed postage . 
  zizek , melania trump , lots of caves and [ this amazing castle and it 's legend ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/predjama_castle ) . 
  well , til you slovenians eat one of r/romania 's inside jokes . 
  ever heard of a cloaca ? 
  chickens actually shit and lay eggs through the same hole . 
  admittedly , the egg never comes in contact with the intestine , but regardless . 
  yeah , i 've heard of european drinks and the miculas , i just thought they make that brand under licence or something , and that the brand itself is global . 
  also , who the hell made trompy , and is it a romanian brand or not ? 
  op put the most popular soft drink from that country , not in that country . 
  so mirinda might be pretty unknown in spain , and still be the biggest soft drink brand from spain , but behind lots of brands from other countries . 
  heh , til frutti fresh is a local brand from here . 
  i always thought it was a global brand , albeit a very small one . 
  is it too late to add moldova to it ? 
  that way you 'd have the support of many romanians , 
  they * are * romania 's finest . 
  at this point , i do n't think it matters how turkish people vote anymore . 
  akp can just declare whatever result they want . 
  who 's gon na supervise them or challenge them and risk life in prison ? 
  brother , it 's just sad how you 've gobbled up so much akp propaganda . 
  how dare you , you arrogant lying elitist ? 
  if you do n't like manele you 're a racist !, 
  welcome to manele . 
  they cause strong emotions in people , some hate them passionately , some love them . 
  they are dominated by the roma minority , so some have compared them to other genres born from a minority sub-culture , like blues or rap . 
  i for one do n't care about them ... as long as they 're not within earshot of me . 
  he usually just looks normal , this picture is a one-off . 
  the guy 's a former teacher , and he 's very tame . 
  our previous president pushed the limits of our constitution constantly , he wanted more of a say in ... everything . 
  iohannis on the other hand never tried to do that . 
  pfff , get out of here with your reason . 
  that 's nowhere near as catchy . 
  that 's so creepy . 
  i 'm dying to know why in the hell he had that thing on his arm while meeting merkel . 
  well , iohannis ' mother tongue is german , so he 'd fit your idea as well . 
  but i 'm 100 % sure he 'd consider himself the same as we 're saying , ethnically german with romanian citizenship . 
  hell , he was even the leader of the german minority party , the democratic forum of germans in romania . 
  the `` usual '' way to say it though i guess is ethnicity , because if you 're talking about someone from romania , the citizenship/nationality is implied as romanian , so if you 're saying `` he 's german '' , it 's pretty obvious you 're referring to his ethnicity . 
  secui are hungarians from * secuime/sz \u00e9kelyf\u00f6ld * . 
  they 're an ethnic subdivision of hungarians , from a certain place . 
  we never call `` secui '' the hungarians from bihor , satu mare , salaj or cluj . 
  those are hungarians , not secui . 
  and maghiar/ungur , or magyar/hungarian are really the same exact thing , here and in hungary . 
  also , there are no secui in hungary ( well , i guess the ones that moved there from secuime ) . 
  we do call germans from romania \u0219asi or \u0219vabi , and it 's a reference to their origin , but i really do n't think we do it to differentiate them from germans from germany as much as you make it sound . 
  yes , because if alabama passes some dumb-ass law , that means the entire us shits on liberties . 
  absolutely true , but how does that make `` he is a german '' incorrect ? 
  just as `` he is romanian '' is correct . 
  depends if you 're referring to his nationality or his ethnicity . 
  i mean , culturally i consider the transcausasus countries more european than kazakhstan , which has a small bit accross the ural river , so geographically it 's european ( like turkey ) . 
  armenia and azerbaijan are also usually considered european , even if it 's stretching the geographical definition . 
  they 're still both in the caucasus region , and they have closer ties to europe than to asia . 
  historical , economic , military , cultural , so on . 
  yup .
