  what is your take on this ? 
  how can the market be screwed by communism being overthrown if the entire point of communism is to screw the market economy and go with centrally planned one ? 
  i disagree that it is fault solely of hurried liberalisation . 
  what i have witnessed is that no matter how slow liberalisation is , people will not begin acting how market rules would suggest , especially when it comes to housing . 
  there are many factors at play here : * after market economy replaced centrally planned one , private investment made some areas more well-off than they have been during communist times . 
  for example old towns were the biggest shitholes of cities with no proper heating at winder , heck not even proper sewage system . 
  it 's fault of no one , it was just communists who wanted for everyone to live in commieblocks in suburbs rather than create `` inequality '' of `` privileged '' by restoring some of the historical buildings . 
  * people who live in properties worth even as much as half of million euros may not move away because they are old and `` spent my entire life here , i want to die here '' . 
  money is not a factor for them anymore . 
  you are right , though , that if you do not create overabundance of good quality cheap property , its prices wo n't fall as much , so these kinds of problems would be less likely to occur anew , but that does n't change the fact that most these problems were already there to begin with . 
  unless the phone had no internet connection and will be confiscated . 
  would be shame , tough . 
  2012-07-09 : putin announced that he is bringing back simplified procedures for gaining russian citizenship for those who have been ussr citizens , and those who have been born in territory of ussr and russian empire ( hi finland ) , and their direct descendants . 
  i do n't know how that turned out and what are actual rules right now , but this includes quite many people . 
  i think they implemented that few years back , it 's quite simple . 
  tl ; dr communism screws markets, 
  it 's about time for them to have at least some growth , as ever since 1990 they did not grow by much in comparison to other post-soviet states in europe . 
  `` kolekcionaru penisa '' , ookay that was enough, 
  it 's going to be * a blast * . 
  very nice , where are you based on ? 
  haha , seeing this map i silently laughed , comments made it even better  . 
  but the iron curtain had been crossed !, 
  open pixlr and select `` image from the web '' , then paste the link to the map i have given . 
  select paint bucket tool ( looks like bucket spilling blue dye ) 3 . 
  set tolerance ( upper part of the window ) to 2 ~ 5 ( can try and adjust based on how the paint bucket works for you ) 4 . 
  fill in the regions !, 
  some car trips i guess ? 
  such a convenient spot to live on as one can travel easily to all directions . 
  and the first submission to start this up !, 
  you should n't be downvoted , but you should dig deeper , mate . 
  robert parry is a real journalist , but in his report , he is quoting ... 
  global research . 
  let me quote that report as well :  `` the mh 017 looked similar in it 's tricolor design to that that of the russian president 's plane . '', 
  not only this creates a circle of quoting , which can make even the most ridiculous arguments `` legitimate '' , but their actual arguments are basically that putin was flying `` nearby '' ( same as rt ) with similarly coloured plane . 
  they also googled few images from the crash and `` investigated '' them . 
  i will stay with my opinion that this is not reliable source of news . 
  `` new straits times online '' , whoever they are are citing `` global research '' as their source of this . 
  global research is a bullshit news source with `` news '' like these : * the radiation that makes people invisible : a global hibakusha perspective * ebola vaccine to be manufactured by criminal drug company with felony record ; rushed to market with near-zero safety testing * bloodiest days of ukraine 's ethnic cleansing expected to come now ... and similar . 
  this is not reliable source of information . 
  when baltics want to ban already existing russian propaganda tv , then everyone yells it 's censorship and where is freedom of speech , when finland 's foreign minister says `` says he 's not open to granting a license to a foreign state body '' , then no one gives a damn . 
  why people ? 
  i am all in to agree with finland 's stance , but i do n't understand why many oppose when we want to ban something . 
  [ nordbalt ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/nordbalt ), 
  i am internally divided on this . 
  one one hand we have what you just said : freedom of speech , which is a human right . 
  on the other hand we have deliberate attempts to disinform , destabilise society , and cause hatred . 
  these things are damaging to people who are susceptible to them . 
  there is propaganda everywhere , but somewhere there has to be a line , where freedom of speech no longer applies , as someone just causes harm to others . 
  if we agree that radical islamist teaching of children is not something we protect under freedom of speech , we * might * also agree that purposeful disinformation , destabilisation , and hatred that comes out of russian media should not be protected as well . 
  i am not saying we should ban anything , what i am saying is that we should discuss it , and we should not hide behind `` freedom of speech '' as the sole right answer to this . 
  it 's not black and white . 
  have you any chances to at least shoot from these once in a while ? 
  til milk tastes differently based on % of fat . 
  i have never understood why they make so many different percentage variations as i never felt any difference of the taste . 
  i always just get the milk that is currently on discount whatever percentage that is . 
  always thought this is marketing trick for the `` health conscious '' . 
  i certainly think statements like this are needed just to keep the balance of opinions within europe . 
  i does not mean that anything will change because of this statement , but as it gets heard , it puts some slight pressure on the country . 
  did n't even know that maxima is called t-market over there  . 
  it 's in kaunas ( [ here 's street view ] ( https://www.google.fi/maps/@54.899364,23.905831,3a,75y,173.85h,105.52t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1s82wq16sfzai8qq3kelimtq!2e0 ) ) , second largest city of lithuania that was a temporary capital during the period of polish occupation of vilnius . 
  it was build in 1925 ~ 1930 . 
  it was built in 1976 ~ , so back then brutalist architecture made sense . 
  we had our parliament in [ this building ] ( http://www.satenai.lt/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/28-4-1.jpg ) , but then we returned to our capital . 
  really ugly imho , the only thing that allows for it to stay is history of freedom fight just over there . 
  you both are right , it 's just different approachm . 
  / u/phaerro is right from strictly logical standpoint whilie / u/nicks25 is right from common-sense standpoint . 
  now hug . 
  was trying to explain this to a dutchman in same thread and is sounded surprisingly like a latvian joke :  imagine being completely frozen waiting in the bus stop , when it 's windy -20 oc morning . 
  you stand trying to move your limbs and stretch to produce some warmth . 
  you get into the bus only to realize it 's even colder , as the wind is coming through the holes everywhere and the snow is falling in through broken rubber joining . 
  you have to be careful because the floor is full of ice . 
  all surfaces including seats are freezing and there is absolutely no heating whatsoever . 
  you get into traffic jam , the bus is barely moving and yet you are standing still , slowly losing your body temperature . 
  after torturous half of hour , you reach your destination , now you can finally leave that freezing bus and warm up by walking outside ( it 's still -20 oc ) . 
  you exit the bus and while you do that , old angry gradma yells cursewords at you in russian . 
  with numb , frozen brain , you reconsider your life choices and begin to seriously contemplate leaving the country for good . 
  haha , easy fixability is certainly an advantage . 
  and breeze in the summer is good as well . 
  but man , with winters here you would quickly change your opinion . 
  imagine being completely frozen waiting in the bus stop , when it 's windy -20 oc morning . 
  you stand trying to move your limbs and stretch to produce some warmth . 
  you get into the bus only to realize it 's even colder , as the wind is coming through the holes everywhere and the snow is falling in through broken rubber joining . 
  you have to be careful because the floor is full of ice . 
  all surfaces including seats are freezing and there is absolutely no heating whatsoever . 
  you get into traffic jam , the bus is barely moving and yet you are standing still , slowly losing your body temperature . 
  after torturous half of hour , you reach your destination , now you can finally leave that freezing bus and warm up by walking outside ( it 's still -20 oc ) . 
  you exit the bus and while you do that , old angry gradma yells cursewords at you in russian . 
  with numb , frozen brain , you reconsider your life choices and begin to seriously contemplate leaving the country for good . 
  so yeah , awesome ikarus buses . 
  we do n't , these are karosa buses , slighty newer ones . 
  ikarus is still running in budapest though : http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:ikarus_263_in_budapest.jpg, 
  i do in fact understand older generations , as every time currency was changed ( within ussr , and after ussr collapse ) , they basically lost their lifetime savings every time . 
  it must be terrifying when that happens , so it is natural to feel fear right now as well . 
  and when it comes to prices , many have already increased them before official monitoring of them has started . 
  it is very obvious when you see kebab costing 6 ltl ( 1.74 eur ) and suddenly it becomes conveniently roundable 7 ltl ( 2.03 eur ) . 
  many products went from 1.49 ltl ( 0.43 eur ) to 1.69 ltl ( 0.49 eur , again convenient for retailers ) . 
  many tourist bars have also increased prices to the nearest even euro and so on . 
  there are many small changes like that and they do add up . 
  at least i am glad this happens only with smaller places and only some of the products , not all of them . 
  now that there 's going to be plenty of cheap delicious apples everywhere , anyone got some good apple pie recipes ?
