  in many metrics lithuania/baltics and greece are about the same , but your average pension is higher than our average salary , not to mention all the wealth that has been collected though years of relative prosperity . 
  i am surprised that poland was allowed to import mercedes and other western cards - i always assumed that it was the same as here , meaning east bloc cars only, 
  i am all in for having polish street signs in polish-majority areas around vilnius ( vilnius city is not ) , but i would be afraid to stir up russians who also have some majority areas , albeit non historical ones . 
  ask your friends who work in insurance - they should be able to tell what is the make and the model of the car that the plate is registered to . 
  can you travel ? 
  finding job in lithuania with swedish language skills is super easy , in fact you would have recruiters writing constantly . 
  they will train you , and given that it 's probably going to be an international corporation you 'd be working for you can then bring skills & experience back home to get a job there . 
  okay , this one is fairly obvious . 
  ** lithuanize ** - to disappear as a nation completely / mass emigrate till the last native leaves . 
  that sort of went viral here as well . 
  at least here stopping drunk driving would drop the stats very significantly . 
  not sure what 's the way to do that though . 
  i see your point and although this specific post looks like it , from your other posts i can see that you are not trolling , so that 's a good start already . 
   so lithuania seems to be the worst part of europe when it comes to minority rights ... we have polish kindergartens , all types of polish schools from year 1 to 12 , and even polish universities . 
  you can basically spend your entire youth without speaking in lithuanian sans language lessons in schools . 
  we have polish events , art , media , newspapers , radio stations , tv channels , even ethnically based polish political party that is represented in lithuanian parliament ever since independence , and also controls polish majority municipalities . 
  you can use polish in municipal and government institutions as well . 
  is that really the worst part of europe when it comes to minority rights or is it misinformation that you get from biased sources ? 
   lithuanians seem really insecure when it comes to the polish question . 
  you are right about this one , though . 
  lack of sense of security is derived from historical traumas in 20th century ( ussr occupation , losing vilnius to poland , jedinstvo in 1991 ) , where things are going right now ( russia ` defending oppressed minorities ' ) and also some local polish politicians that seem to be vaguely aligned with russia and its values . 
  i do n't like that grouping either , but you are still not correct . 
  sanskrit is is part of indo-iranian branch while latin is part of italic branch of indo-european language family . 
  branching is based on common features as well as language-ancestors that that languages have . 
  linguistics is not a precise science , so terms like `` branch '' can mean different things depending how you define what branch is . 
  now when it comes to baltic and slavic languages , again , it all depends how you define what branch is . 
  baltic and slavic languages are less similar than the furthest languages within , say , germanic ( e.g. 
  icelandic and swiss german ) or romance ( e.g. 
  french and romanian ) trees , but they are more similar than icelandic and french , for example . 
   the lateness of texts from both groups has made it difficult to determine precisely their interrelationship . 
  some scholars class both of them in one subgroup of indo-european , balto-slavic . 
  others maintain that the similarities between the baltic and the slavic languages are due to mutual influences exerted during a long period of contact . 
  these scholars set up two independent subgroups of indo-european , baltic and slavic . 
  a choice between the two depends on the interpretation of minute characteristics in materials that have come down to us . 
  we can scarcely state with assurance whether one subgroup or two are to be posited , given only recent materials . 
  the classification that you propose is based on a single feature within languages , i am not sure how that makes more sense than language family classification that we use currently . 
  makes sense , have n't thought about it . 
  nato has turkey , hungary , czechia . . 
  it 's simply * kepta duona * ( meaning baked bread ) . 
  \u010cekija here . 
  while it may sound petty , i think that constantly adding `` former soviet republic '' when mentioning the countries is no longer necessary 26 years after the fact as it does not define what these countries are anymore , just like saying former nazi republic of germany , former fascist state of italy , or former yugoslav republic of slovenia , former british colony of india , former british colony of united states of america , former british colony of australia , formerly british ireland , former french colony of morocco , formerly danish iceland , formerly greek city of istanbul and so on . 
  they never even say `` former soviet republic of russia '' ... 
  your comment really emphasizes the need of proper gun training regardless of gun culture and gun laws - i guess i just assumed that those who possess guns will draw them regardless of seriousness of a situation . 
  our murder rate is mostly alcoholics in villages stabbing each other . 
  even during robberies a gun is almost never present , and i do n't think i ever read about it being used anytime in such situation in recent years . 
  we have a lot of social problems and i would rather these people continue stabbing each other instead of pointing guns to innocent people . 
  the only argument for guns i see is country 's defense . 
  however , you are forgetting that if the disadvantaged people carry weapons , it creates incentive for the assailant to carry a weapon too . 
  if an assailant encounters a weapon carried by a person that belongs to any of disadvantaged groups they will be more likely to use it against that person , because , let 's admit it , most people lack proper training . 
  i was robbed once and i 'd much rather give whatever they need than draw out a weapon and raise the stakes to life and death . 
  my family member was robbed while being in a very disadvantaged situation and that situation could only have been worse if any weapons were drawn . 
  nowadays such robberies are rare here , and i am glad we never needed to resort to weapons . 
  there are trains , but it just does not make any sense to use them if they are always slower than travelling by a car . 
  the only route where it might make any sense to use a train is vilnius - kaunas . 
  it takes from 1 hour and 10 minutes to 1 hour and 30 minutes , depending on exact schedule . 
  for comparison google maps shows that you can drive from * station to station * in 1 hour and 15 minutes . 
  i have read the report and while it is difficult to summarize it , i am surprised how well it captures today 's mood and challenges in europe . 
  here 's the conclusion for those who do n't want to read the entire document . 
   what will europe look like in 2030 ? 
  european idealists see a european republic or res publica superseding the nation-state , which they believe will become an historical artifact . 
  meanwhile , from below , they envision the nation-state being undermined by regionalism to produce a ` europe of the regions ' . 
  a diluted germany allows bavarians to assert their dual european and bavarian identities . 
  catalans feel more european than spanish . 
  the scots prefer to be part of a larger european republic than an english-dominated united kingdom . 
   is this the right vision for the wrong era ? 
  the timing for promoting the eclipse of the nation could not be worse as the economic recession spurs national employment and industrial protectionism . 
  banks are mainly lending within their sovereign state . 
  stepping back from the current economic malaise one can see a wider panorama in which demography is central . 
  europe 's birth rates have been below replacement for nearly half a century and will continue in this direction in the decades to come . 
  native white populations will get older and smaller - dramatically so in some cases such as italy , where the native white population may be only a quarter of its present size in a hundred years . 
  this birth dearth has been made up by immigrants and their children , with all the attendant social conflict that brings . 
  populism and nationalism will grow rather than shrink as tensions with immigrants increase . 
  western european cities are likely to have large neighborhoods consisting primarily of minorities and , in many cases , muslims . 
  these enclaves will contain few indigenous europeans . 
  this may lead entire cities or regions - brussels , london , paris - to be seen as foreign colonies , which will be exploited by populists , much as was the case in the us between 1890 and the 1920s when the anti-catholic apa and ku klux klan were at their height . 
  curiously , it was the depression which dampened down protestant ethno-nationalism in the us as the supply of immigrants slowed and people turned to pocketbook issues . 
  so too in europe today . 
  far right populist parties are likely to gain at the expense of the mainstream parties which fail to attract young people . 
  global competition will put pressures on the welfare state and create tensions between those who want to keep their entitlements while worrying that their jobs will move abroad , and , on the other side , the globalized capitalist elite and their well-paid , mobile knowledge workers . 
   europe is aging rapidly , and many countries will be on their way to having a third or more of the population aged over 60 . 
  the economic slowdown permits employers to stretch their existing employees , but as this situation lifts there will be a ratcheting effect whereby rising demand for labor from recovery is accompanied by rising worker demands for more money or shorter hours as they acquire more alternatives to their current job . 
  the net effect will be an acute labor shortage which will lay bare europe 's dearth of young workers and the rising pensions and welfare bill caused by an aging population . 
  employers and governments will clamor for cheap immigrant labor to remain competitive , especially in services , construction , agriculture , elderly care and other labor-intensive sectors which natives shun . 
  at the top end , they will demand talented it workers and scientists from asia . 
  when the economic crisis lifts , the cultural crisis will reassert itself with force . 
   at that point , the demographics of europe will require many countries to come up with a migration policy that attracts qualified and skilled migrants . 
  since a finite number of skilled migrants are being lured by many countries all over the world , a large bulk of migrants coming to europe will be unskilled africans and south asians . 
  migration does not spare those countries with exceptional ( on the high side ) fertility rates , like the uk , france , ireland and the nordic countries . 
  france and the uk already contain large numbers of immigrants from north africa and muslim south asia , with accompanying ghettos , economic disparities and social tensions . 
  native whites will vociferously oppose immigration , yet the right kind of immigration may be vital for europe to grow . 
  this suggests two paths : the first involves a us-style society with high immigration , rapid economic growth and increasing integration . 
  the second path points to reduced immigration , government deficits , slow growth and stalled or reverse european integration . 
  of the two scenarios , the second is more likely . 
  the democratic deficit will be difficult to overcome , slowdown or no slowdown . 
  populist parties have three different targets , globalization , immigration and euro-skepticism . 
  often europe is seen as the source of all three . 
  the saliency at any given time of at least one of those targets makes it difficult for brussels to gain the legitimacy it needs to succeed in its stated aim of ` ever closer union . ', 
   will there be a eurozone and a european union in 2030 ? 
  perhaps . 
  will it be a vibrant economic engine with a generous social security cushion ?
