  do i believe it is going to change much in reality ? 
  is it worth spending 10 minutes on this hoping that someday it will change ? 
  yes . 
  same thing here as neighbours have posted :  a new penal code entered into force in may 2003 , with further changes in 2010 to tighten custodial sentences . 
  possession of even a small  amount of illicit drugs with no intent to distribute is a criminal offence ,  with a sentence of up to two years ' imprisonment . 
  i 'd love if europe would take care of that . 
  thank you for answer . 
  would you elaborate a little more what you meant about the same law ? 
  does this refer to mandatory cyrillic in serbia ? 
  maybe you could rephrase your first paragraph so i could understand without background information , as i am really interested in this . 
  also , how * should * you be called then ? 
  again , no negativity implied , i am genuinely interested  . 
  it would be super easy to collect required amount of signatures in lesser populated baltics - one could reach for university students , for example . 
  sad that promotion of initiative is difficult because of social stigma attached to it . 
  making everything black and white , like adopted for children is such a russian thing . 
  funny : at work ( large international corp. , english working language ) we can easily go with shit , damn , hell , sometimes fuck ( when appropriate ) . 
  will be more careful next time near american colleagues . 
  who the hell wants those letters ? 
  please do n't adopt it , croatia . 
  it is quite interesting that referendum can be unconstitutional . 
  because sovereignty of a country belongs to a nation ( first article in our constitution , at least ) , in theory there should not be any problems of adopting holy bible as a constitution , or dragon ball z comic book , anything - if such is a will of people . 
  we are having similar debate here as well , where constitutional court ruled that some changes in constitution can be unconstitutional , which i believe does not make much of a sense . 
  i work in one of your companies , and even here i belong to union , even as an office employee ( extremely uncommon here otherwise ) . 
  i realise the benefits of it , however what about people who work in small start-ups , 10 people logistics companies , five people stores and similar ? 
  are the unions for everything or these are left out ? 
  by the way minimum wage is not going to be implemented :  at the moment , it is not possible for european legislation to intervene  in matters of salary . 
  paragraph 5 of article 153 of the treaty on the  functioning of the european union ( tfeu ) prohibits the eu from \\  adopting legislation on pay . 
  0,33 can of coke is right now 1,69 ltl which is almost equal to 0,49 eur  . 
  well , * most * of prices will stay about the same . 
  however , many smaller , less ethical businesses began raising prices before the official price monitoring period . 
  for example , kebab joint has put like 8 % increase after announcement , some pubs increased price of regular menu items by 10 % , tourist targeted restaurants by even more . 
  in shops , coca-cola used to be 1,49 , now it 's 1,69 , so that it could become 49 eurocents . 
  countless of examples like these in sum do make a difference on prices . 
  maybe someone from rt catches this thread and makes big story out of it . 
  it has become a routine to hear fighter jets above , never thought we 'd get to this point : /, 
  that 's just another way to get norway , iceland and switzerland into the eu !, 
  homicide rate is indeed to high . 
  most of those , though , are drunk fights in villages , which does n't make it any better . 
  but for someone who is foreigner and not involved in binge drinking with 60 year old post-commie people in villages , there is really low chance of getting stabbed or killed in any other violent method ( excluding car crash , we lead in that as well ) . 
  has , but does n't use . 
  hardish for europe * without * commie experience , medium for europe * with * commie experience . 
  here are some interesting lines :  u.s. is mars . 
  eu is from pluto . 
  i would surprise  you . 
  italy is one of the countries that are more  relying on russian energy . 
  italy can do without . 
  italy  can do without . 
  can ukraine do without ? 
  that is the  question . 
  what is the best for ukraine ? 
  do n't we have  also the responsibility , not only to support ukraine in  terms of economic situation because we know it 's quite  critical , not only in terms of political developments  because the european union , before i became minister  one month and a half ago , signed , through the three  ministers that were in kiev in the middle of the  crisis , an agreement that was foreseeing a series of  steps , including elections , including a series of  measures that can help ukraine to deal with the  internal very complex situation of the country in an  appropriate way . 
   we have to support that process and we have to  support ukraine in building a sustainable neighboring  policy . 
  ukraine is in the middle of the region . 
  it has  to deal with that and we have to work for helping  ukraine to deal with the neighbors it has . 
  she seems to have quite weak stance . 
  that 's funny - it was stated by * delfi * that no countries in eu have such entries in their passports . 
  clearly press is not doing their homework . 
  lovely humour !, 
   anyway , it 's meant to please anyone who is part of minority and wishes to state their ethnicity . 
  good thing it is opt-in only , so no trouble caused for those who do n't want to state it . 
  i think they know they are n't going to win this against the stream , i am pretty sure that 's just one way of building up some political capital . 
  in past five years we had two large bank collapses . 
  in both of these cases , only deposits up to 100,000 eur were retained . 
  i am happy about that , though . 
  both of these banks had russian ties ( their owners ' names : antonov , the other one is romanov , lol ) and it helped to clean up . 
  i went to finland from lithuania and received 550 eur a month . 
  if not for that , i would have had no chance to pay the living there . 
  the more expensive destination country is , the more you receive . 
  for example amount of 550 eur is given for those studying in scandinavia while 250 eur for those in poland . 
  i have always assumed it works the same in entire europe . 
  okay , we are small state and we exaggerate every mention . 
  there is one interesting turn to it . 
  whenever estonia is mentioned somewhere ( nyt , the atlantic , toomas makes selfie , toomas tweets , whatever ) and someone noticed , then we get envious and say that our government are idiots : `` why ca n't you do something like this , beeh '' . 
  so yeah . 
  yup , here it is from my office window right now : https://db.tt/zcpimfmr, 
  i was saying this wishing that maybe some more technology oriented company would top the local chart , but then i realise it 's all oil and gas . 
  and well , i just checked yahoo , considered as a `` giant '' has only $ 4.68 billion of revenues ( compared to maxima 's 3,4 ) . 
  so it 's not * that * small . 
  yes , by lithuanians . 
  they have been in the market ever since independence , growing from small import business and few shops to this . 
  over here we have a retailer as the largest company . 
  i guess that means we simply do n't have proper companies . 
  here we ( chevron to be precise ) were about to begin shale gas extraction , but suddenly previously unheard environmentalists and local `` communities '' appeared having enough resources to launch massive campaign over entire country , scare people away , and drive chevron ( and shale gas extraction ) out . 
  well done . 
  well , they can * try * being objective , however the methodology of this study does not seem to rely on hard data for many of the criteria . 
  they are just giving out `` marks '' for certain topics based on undisclosed data . 
  i have nothing against them being from rich , western countries as such , and i certainly do not see any racist agenda here . 
  i do , however , notice certain underrepresentation of developing world . 
  not because of `` political correctness '' . 
  but because i believe it would allow making more accurate conclusions . 
  wow , there are lines that i did n't even now existing over here . 
  from wiki - these are the only ones :  lines in operation [ edit ] the sapsan on the moscow -- saint petersburg railway is russia 's highest speed railway with a top speed of 250 km/h ( 155 mph ) . 
  [ 1 ] the first upgraded 250 km/h service using siemens velaro rus trains went into service on december 26 , 2009 . 
  petersburg : 200 km/h ( 124 mph ) high-speed service using karelian trains class sm6 ( allegro ) trains started on december 12 , 2010 , reducing travel time from 5.5 hours to 3.5 hours . 
  the trains run at 200 km/h ( 124 mph ) on most of the russian part , and 220 km/h ( 137 mph ) on a short stretch in finland . 
  [ 2 ]  moscow -- nizhny novgorod : high-speed traffic in nizhny novgorod began in july 2010 . 
  [ 3 ] two sapsan trains make shuttle trips between nizhny novgorod and moscow , and one between nizhny novgorod and st. petersburg . 
  the latter route takes 8 hours and 30 minutes , compared to the previous 14 hours . 
  here , i drew that for you : http://imgur.com/fzx7ylo it goes sideways all the time , but need to change sideways-facing side several times because of demands from lithuanian politicians to show front side in order to include kaunas , and from estonian politicians to show back side to narva . 
  baltic committee has agreed that is worth sacrificing some speed .
