i * hate * living in the west . 
  the western society is rotting from inside . 
  genuine human relationships , genuine will to do good for one 's neighbour or help out a stranger is gone . 
  what is left is endless , reckless hedonism , drugs , alcohol , and perversion . 
  there is no freedom of speech , all of that replaced by perverted propaganda , denial or nonacceptance of which is punished greatly . 
  the wealth is concentrated in few corrupt ones , leaving the rest to suffer , with no social safety nets or any support whatsoever . 
  even the wealthy ones , at least those who are clever , send out their children away from the west , to not fall into this decay , to grow up in safe environment in which people are respected . 
  less lucky people who were not corrupt enough to become rich fall to narcotics , perversion and to other reckless activities , with no care from government that only has interest of dumbing them down , making them convenient people-tools . 
  in the west , you are tool , you are not human anymore . 
  good post , op , i am glad we have this perspective here too , as it seems that everyone is completely blind to the reality . 
  when generally eu-cautious nordic pms warn of this ( actually one does not usually hear politicians of these countries giving out ` warnings ' at all ) , heck , even norway 's prime minister did the same , albeit technically being outside eu , then you know that you do n't have that many allies on the question . 
  now i can not wait till our president comes out as a lesbian . 
  yeah , gynecologists usually go with linux . 
  elections are always depressing for me . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/jaoizzp ) is where i stand on the political compass but for all the elections i have been to i voted for one of the most right wing candidates . 
  why ? 
  because there is no real left-right in lithuania , parties ' policies , positions and alliances change at the drop of a hat . 
  so it only really makes sense to vote for whoever you think is the least corrupt rather than for whoever is theoretically closer to your political views . 
  i just returned from romania , and it was more than clear in the streets who were the two leading candidates . 
  i have read a little about the candidates from your discussions here in reddit and was hoping that klaus would win . 
  during the second round , is there any possibility for him to collect votes of other first round candidates ? 
  i came to this thread for some jokes about ` can not into empire ' . 
  [ but i guess this was expected , as colleagues from sweden say . 
  i liked that people were so pessimistic ( in other thread i described how i was practically called idiot for coming to bulgaria when there are so many `` better '' countries ) that i instantly felt connection with them . 
  i think you guys are friendly and i felt safe in the country , much safer than i expected . 
  we 're always forgotten :( . 
  but i like you all anyway  . 
  thank you for posting it , 
  op is clearly living in some other lithuania as these images are , as someone already pointed out , from september . 
  this is how it really looks like : [ view from my office ] ( https://www.dropbox.com/sc/pcn7n5182enw2fy/aabrm2xdirsphm-bq2agxkb9a ), 
  i think he 's referring to this [ this map ] ( http://i.imgur.com/rrnl2kn.png ) that was posted here few days ago and does indicate higher than average homicide rate in wallonian areas . 
  what a laughable initiative . 
  i just returned from italy and there simply is no free internet there . 
  and not because of lack of hotspots , but because of idiocy that surrounds it . 
  the same thing happens in * any * free public hotspot : * you connect to wifi and see log-in page once entering any website * you click register because that is mandatory * you need to accept three different agreements , then there is some shitty italian law on display that in theory you should know * then you have to be authenticated either via phone number or via * credit card * * phone number activation does n't work because sms with password never gets sent ( tried from several phones and numbers from different countries ) * credit card activation is just ridiculous in itself , but even if you want to do that , there is no fucking field to enter that credit card number even in places like mcdonalds , where you go to get sure wifi is the same . 
  i just came back from holiday where i was visiting bulgaria as well and i certainly agree that it is country worth visiting . 
  the locals , however , basically called me idiot for coming here , told that they are savages , not worth visiting and that i should have certainly went somewhere else as basically anything is better than bulgaria . 
  drunk middle-aged finns , and especially women , are just as obnoxious , so i 'd say it 's pretty even, 
  i would guess both signatures would be then invalidated . 
  i just love our french friends in r/europe making bilingual titles . 
  seriously , it 's just lovely . 
  this is for safety of our dear american readers i suppose , as at first i too lold . 
  out of 100 years of history , where there are politicians that built this country , worked to regain independence ( twice ) you have chosen some communist scum ? 
  `` referring to riga , also a majority russian-latvian town '' lol, 
  ] ( http://vilnews.com/2011-07-lithuania-has-the-by-far-highest-emigration-rate-in-all-of-europe ), 
  i am now in armenia . 
  local has said they will do that via azerbaijan . 
  well , have to admit , lithuanians also die like that . 
  always considered myself as a proper , safe driver . 
  obviously that pisses off many traffic participants over here , but the hell with them and their driving habits . 
  however , even with that , when i went to helsinki , my driving that would be considered careful and annoyingly slow was still kind of fast there . 
  i actually got slightly yelled at by my gf . 
  i am already taking it from you . 
  that was default way , but it made sense , as when displayed in graph , each colour was of same width . 
  clearly that could n't have worked in norway either . 
  [ here ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.lt/maps/@54.6265856,25.2671328,3a,75y,324.5h,75.92t/data=!3m4!1e1!3m2!1sxqjurqzqdr9yfputkh722w!2e0?hl=en ), 
  i agree that population decline is not good , however i also think that it is influenced to a big degree by the mentality as well . 
  if people feel comfortable emigrating , they will . 
  companies do benefit from lower wages , but everyone obviously wants for more of them , as past certain point they are competing for people and thus increasing the wages . 
  i kan ekslplain this to yu as one of men who wil dye . 
  i love drive my bmw , i love bmw , and speed . 
  i fuck no gives akselerator pedal is my god . 
  i drive 120 allowed 40 children running no give fuck . 
  crash tree dead sad family mother is now single femal , wife is now single femal , daughter traumatized for live . 
  i am sorry , i was just browsing their statistics databases purely for fun and have come up with this . 
  now i am on different computer and am no longer able to find it . 
  it 's pretty big website . 
  fair point . 
  decline of population is true , but that 's irrelevant , because if population declines , you still need to create that product as it is yearly measure . 
  if decline of population had such drastic effect , gdp would be shrinking , but it 's one of the best growth rates . 
  many emigrants did n't `` register out '' , but that is kind of besides the point , as said , the product has to still be created . 
  nonsense about prostitution , but in general `` shadow market '' is indeed quite large . 
  keep in mind that this is ppp . 
  lithuania 's gdp/capita is lower than estonia 's , but the prices there are much higher . 
  all points that you said together have less effect than a simple fact that it is cheaper to live here , thus you can buy more , thus ppp adjusted gdp/capita number is higher . 
  in further discussion i see people comparing bananas to oranges , just remember it 's ppp measure . 
  if i keep upvoting you in same rate as i do now , it will really become gay . 
  first western european frag : portugal . 
  i 'm sure next we frag greece . 
  yeah baby , national economics are so much more interesting imagining it 's first person shooter . 
  i just do n't understand , if gdp per capita is almost the same as greece , how can their average pensions be higher than our average salary ? 
  see you there , / u/nilbop . 
  not sure of the exact methodology that eurostat used in order to collect this data , but it 's probably accessible somewhere in their site . 
  i do believe , though , it might have been slightly different approach than the one you have described . 
  ... as * tourist * season begins at the summer, 
  eurostat, 
  finally someone got it, 
  clarification : this map is about single females * only * . 
  it does not include single mothers with children , or any other inabitants except pets in the household . 
  this is strictly single female households . 
  single females with children are not included here . 
  that 's my thinking too : more single female households indicate a choice rather than a problem . 
  plot twist : he has the same mother . 
  for real . 
  certainly not them , as their mouths will be full . 
  i know for one it 's coming to nordic countries ( and many western europeean countries ) towards the end of the year , around november i think . 
  there were n't any dvd releases yet and somehow it did n't leak so you can only find crappy cinema-filmed versions . 
  redirected : four friends - john , ben , tim and michael - turned first-time robbers , get stranded in eastern europe through a series of misadventures and have to find their way back home . 
  to do so , they 'll have to overcome hitmen , whores , corrupt cops , smugglers and more , all while rediscovering each other as friends .
