  but take it from a little different perspective . 
  if , for example , today germany could take german swiss areas with comparably little of resistance , would they do that ? 
  would france do that ? 
  would italy do that ? 
  let 's go a step further . 
  what if it is not language related area . 
  let 's say if germany had possibility to take over denmark with little of trouble . 
  would they do that ? 
  not even in craziest dreams . 
  and now imagine same scenario for russia . 
  if they had these opportunities , that sick bastard would certainly use them . 
  yes , now we have nato , eu and so on , so consequences would be bad for everyone , thus russia does n't go for that . 
  but if conditions were different , they would , i tell you . 
  and as history shows , world order changes massively in short periods of time , as a surprise for everyone . 
  and that is what i call threat . 
  no , under these conditions we are not in danger . 
  but conditions always change , we just do n't know how will they , yet . 
  that is interesting finding , dear redditor !, 
  i find the fable nice to read . 
  probably would be banned in russia , though : but not unpleased ; and on their way , they grow familiar , friendly , gay . 
  arrived , you see them , side by side, 
  all nordic and baltic nations have [ very high human deveopment index ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index#very_high_human_development ) . 
  gdp/capita at ppp of lithuania and estonia would be around 22,500 while sweden , for example , would have 41,000 . 
  but 20 years ago we were dirt poor , as you say , hovering around 7,500 . 
  with highest growth rates in europe , we 'll get closer and closer to nordics in upcoming years . 
  we like learning from them , we trade a lot , they invest here and create jobs , in such way transferring part of their culture . 
  originally from lithuania , already in my short life i studied in two different nordic universities , have worked in two nordic companies ( and still work in one ) , lived in nordic country and brought back gf with me . 
  the fact that she agreed to move illustrates that baltics is indeed liveable place as well . 
  edit : broken link, 
  language is a marvelous dance . 
  this is beautiful , huf . 
  fairly certain it comes from russian . 
  also explains it being same in finland , estonia , lithuania and bulgaria , all bordering russia . 
  exotic and have name . 
  dkk 278 for yogurt ? 
  you must be joking . 
  it 's almost 40 euros , shit . 
  i think it 's simply lack of reliable statistics to compare . 
  on the other hand , it 's hard to beat 0 % or 0.1 % . 
  i have to agree with this article , especially in regards to younger part of population located in cities . 
  i am not sure how is it in other countries , but at least in my workplace , lithuanian is almost useless . 
  it is simply more practical to use english as one does not need to invent new odd-sounding localised terms for things that are crystal clear in english . 
  this , obviously comes with a cost : if i attempt to write an email in lithuanian , it looks like it was written by illiterate , with random switches to english as a bonus . 
  selection for information is so much wider for english , good universities are switching to english , and good companies are usually international , so it leaves lithuanian pretty much for speaking with parents and friends . 
  but is n't it like this everywhere ? 
  edit : i realise my message sounds a bit too drastic for what i attempted to say : lithuanian is still useful as part of regular communication at work and everyday life , it 's just often full of english words . 
  i still believe that in long term that means decline of local language use , but i do not think it is necessarily a bad thing as long as the language itself is preserved . 
  and that is the saddest part that even today we can feel results of the deportations . 
  the scale of ruin to people can be illustrated by the fact that there are still those soviet times glorifying people , who despise `` rotten west '' and would gladly accept putin as their leader , here , in baltics . 
  they are often expecting for things to be given to them and yet do n't need much more than to be able to drink their cheap booze and express their abusive character to whoever is around . 
  but those people are not only `` imported '' from the rest of ussr , they may be descendants of families living for hundred of years , but conveniently susceptible to any form of manipulation as a result of gross ussr policies that basically had goal of dumbing local populations down . 
  that always remind me that in 1930s baltics had pretty much the same standard of living as nordics and that makes me thing `` what could have been ... '' fuck the soviets , indeed . 
  i would imagine mass hysteria here if such thing was to be proposed . 
  is this in effect for long time already ? 
  parliament does seem to oppose it , but president supports it , so you can not say `` lithuania to oppose the quota system '' . 
  while it 's parliament 's decision to be made , our president has a lot of power as well . 
  she also mentioned that quota is `` based on completely objective criteria '' , and that lithuania should show `` solidarity with other european countries '' . 
   on foreign policy , for example , corbyn would vote to scrap britain 's trident nuclear weapons system and would seek to withdraw from nato . 
  yeaaaah ... i think saying that baltic states should n't be in nato is one thing , but saying that uk should not ... 
  matas = math , nojus = noah , benas = ben ? , butkus and urbonas do not mean anything obvious and i would need to google to tell more , but take that as an indication that if i have no idea , probably no one here has ,, 
  yup , i think you are right in practice . 
  strictly speaking , participation rate does not change whether someone is employed , or unemployed for short or long term , as long as they are still looking for a job . 
  obviously in time people give up and eventually end up not participating . 
  what is that beast latvia is holding to ? 
  it would be slightly more accurate to count participation rate rather than unemployment . 
  here are few examples : * sweden : 64.1 % * lithuania 61 % * eu average 57.5 % * greece 53.2 %, 
  exactly . 
  at least , not according to a common understanding of the definition . 
  at the beginning companies usually transfer very basic transactional functions that would be easy to replace . 
  it takes year or two and `` outsourced '' office quickly becomes more similar to a second corporate office , where `` outsourced '' employees manage corporate ones and vice-versa . 
  this does not apply in absolutely all the cases due to various factors , but when core business is not too far in terms of distance and culture , that is especially likely to happen . 
  i have set up such operations in two of baltic states , and it 's not all rainbows on the other side as people are losing their jobs , but i believe it 's natural course of things that is pretty much unavoidable , especially in europe . 
  were there many georgians expelled ? 
  were you all relocated to turkey ? 
  when did this happen ? 
  it 's completely new piece of history for me and i also love georgia . 
  are you refering to [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_cleansing_of_circassians ) ? 
  ctrl + f , type lithuania . 
  yay , more than latvia . 
  more than uk , germany , and italy . 
  look up a little . 
  i probably would n't adopt a dog from eastern europe too . 
  but going through those places and seeing how many stray dogs are in places like georgia or armenia made me sad . 
  the story that you refer to , the one that happened in the us , served only as an inspiration to the director . 
  practically the only thing in common between these two ( the story and the movie ) is zoning dispute . 
  the main character of the movie is in different situation and approaches the problem very differently . 
  he does n't go on killdozer rampage , he does n't kill himself . 
  but ... what exactly they are protesting against ? 
  meta : was previous thread about this from earlier today deleted ? 
  i wish i could find it somehow . 
  normally , depending on the type of job contract and what exactly is there , undisclosed additional role in * any * company is gross violation of job contract . 
  if you have your own side business , it 's even worse . 
  one of the typical measures ( usually informally dependend on tenure ) is termination . 
  in this way : yes , she could have been fired for having piano lesson business . 
  this situation is different as the spokesperson of the bank brought up `` blackmailability '' which sounds like mistake for me , as contrary to their statement it does imply moral judgement . 
  from this standpoint : no , she could not have been fired for having piano lesson business . 
  also , i have not seen any code of conducts that would state that employee has to be `` unblackmailable '' which is literally impossible for anyone who is not a toddler . 
  source : hr . 
  it 's not that many of us : / . 
  well , it 's full of shit .
