  did you just suggest koskenkorva as a better alternative to finlandia ? 
   let 's chat about something other than russia, 
  we have the highest suicide rate in the world . 
  it is anger-causing sad . 
  situation is especially horrible in rural areas . 
  at least the rates are slowly decreasing , but some years back , if you are male and live in rural area , you had chance of 106/100 ,000 of killing yourself . 
  that is 0.1 % to kill yourself at given year . 
  in 10 years time , you would have 1 % chance to kill yourself ( ~ 1,000 rural males out of 100,000 kill themselves in 10 years time ) . 
  i mean it 's just plainly horrific statistics . 
  at least our news completely stopped covering any kind of suicides , there are various support lines and i simply hope that eventually we 'll get away from this . 
  do n't take this too seriously , as it was a suggestion for fun combined with something i believe in , not a serious one of launching pro-eu propaganda machine in ukraine , as you probably imagined . 
  regarding your statement , i have never witnessed a poster making reasonable representation over any complex matter and i do n't think that is the purpose to begin with . 
  what is in your opinion reasonable representation , then ? 
  this is good approach to life in general . 
  good reasoning , i may use your work as an inspiration for something similar if you do n't mind  . 
  i for one know that many eastern europeans look like this : http://imgur.com/rxfrujs . 
  not really difficult in telling that apart . 
  that is adorable !, 
  i was actually positively surprised how friendly the irish speak of 2004 crowd that came there  . 
  ** becherovka ** . 
  the czechs have made a drink that tastes like unicorn tears , a magnificient dance of taste , spectacle of scents , a drink that makes you warm in coldest moments of one 's life , a drink that makes you feel proud of being human , as one has achieved enough to be able to taste this . 
  i seriously love it . 
  beautiful , my friend , beautiful . 
  i wish we could find someone in ukraine , for them to get printed and glued here and there . 
  then take photo of that  would be good moment for / r/europe . 
  do you have a high-res version / . psd ? 
  so that is why almond sauce is served in proper places instead . 
  have to say it tastes really good . 
  agree on this one too , 
  no music , but got me to loud laugh as well  . 
  but what 's so unlikely about ketchup and fries combo ? 
  seems perfectly normal . 
  exactly . 
  this research found only 0,4 % difference between finland and poland . 
  i have spent quite a lot of time in both countries and can only call this as complete nonsense :( . 
   ... three numbers makes as much sense as forcing republika srpska to be part of bosnia . 
  you know you are in r/europe when you see this, 
  charts like this make me worried for bulgaria . 
  not because it would be anyhow wrong to not want euro due to economic reasons , but because i am afraid that reasons may not be economic at all in case of bulgaria . 
  we 're sorry , my friend . 
  every time flying to/from cph i can only hide myself from shame when i see people from my country acting rudely , disrespectfully , and just plainly obnoxiously . 
  we can not stand dumb faces of those loud , stupid , stealing moron criminals either , no one wants them . 
  funny thing is , situation with stealing really improved back here , as many of these people have left . 
  imagine this happening in us . 
  haha , every time someone from any other country visits , i give this thing with no english name ( we call them s\u016brelis , like a lil ` cheese to be literal ) , and every single person so far has asked why the hell they do n't have it in their country . 
  i honestly think this is awesome business opportunity , would just need some effort to get people to try it  . 
  a bit late into a party , but it 's finland . 
  spent one of the best years of my life there . 
  extremely friendly and kind people , vast and beautiful nature , livable cities , modern universities and lots of good design . 
  i would often find myself better understood there rather than in my home country , i guess that is why i live with a finn now  . 
  depends how you look at it  . 
  assuming you include baltics into the definition , their numbers are only 1 % off countries like portugal and greece , who are older ( recent history-wise ) and more developed countries . 
  in 10 years , this chart will be way more even !, 
  i think of all the countries i 've been travelling to , slovenia was the friendliest and the kindest . 
  truly a small , but special place  . 
  i do agree that this law solves no problems , but with all due respect , can not see street signs being such a large problem that it would deteriorate our relations as two cooperating countries with shared history . 
  edit : i see what you have written earlier . 
  i will just add that street signs in polish is not a display of discrimination against polish speaking lithuanians . 
  we are one nation , and we live together . 
  street signs are not put because of our country is 20 year old state with history of oppression ( just like yours ) , with experience how quickly times change , and thus with fears of external forces taking advantage of that . 
  most of people here do not oppose those street signs in polish , no one could really see any real problem with that per se . 
  but we do n't ever want to see russian language signs , anywhere , ever . 
  because we and up between hammer and a hard place , thus the situation . 
  the law from original link has nothing to do with street signs , if you read it , by the way . 
  can you please say [ serious ] how this legislation is somehow discriminatory ? 
  did you even read it ? 
  that is why i do n't think our nations should be feeling any offence to each other . 
  it makes me sad to read when fellow redditor writes this :  i 'm for that . 
  unfortunately lithuania does n't offer anything to native polish minority there . 
  that 's very very sad . 
  at least they would acknowledge that here you can be born to polish speaking parents , play with polish speaking children , go to polish-speaking kindergarten ( by the way , just in front of my windows where i live ) , then go through all 12 years in polish speaking school , then enter polish speaking university and complete it . 
  i have many awesome friends from the minority and they are free to express their identity . 
  it is sad to hear words like `` oppression '' and similar . 
  and in light of that , street labels look like insignificant issue , and while i would love to put those street labels in polish , i also understand arguments ( what i wrote above ) of those who oppose it . 
  and emotions , as unfortunately , leader of polish minority in lithuania is pro-russian populist clown that purposefully tries to destroy ties and worsen relations between our countries to gain power . 
  i think this is vastly different situation , as you have 0.03 % of swedes , like few hundred people , of which majority live in tallinn . 
  i am certain estonia 's approach would be different if you had equal percentage of two actual minorities . 
  it is nice , though , to have bilingual signs were ethnologically appropriate . 
  the thing is , we have almost equal amount of russian ( 5,8 % ) peoples as polish-speaking peoples ( 6.6 % ) , and while it is true they are scattered , there are areas where they make majority . 
  i know about punsk , but i was saying that i , personally , would like seeing polish language street signs in vilnius area , where polish-speaking lithuanians live  . 
  edit : history of these two minorities is different , but it could hardly be used as an argument against russians . 
  i personally think that polish speaking peoples are lithuanians who simply speak polish since forever , rather than being separate slavic peoples . 
  i think forming headlines like this is a bit destructive . 
  to begin with , bilingual street names were never legal . 
  the whole situation is way more complex and certainly not black and white in any possible way . 
  allowing bilingual street signs would require to define areas in which they are allowed . 
  now , as many of you will know , in lithuania we have two minorities of almost equal size : those of polish language and russians . 
  if we allow predominantly polish speaking areas to have those signs , we will have no reason to deny russians to have it as well . 
  and when russians have it , it makes a new internal border of predominantly russian area , marked with russian street names . 
  do you hear how dangerous it is , knowing current events ? 
  these areas are conveniently bordering belarus , and i think it would be crazy move to allow that to happen . 
  dear polish friends , i think it would be nice to have some polish language street signs in areas where polish-speaking lithuanians live , but we do n't want our russian colleagues to make new internal borders . 
  does he want to restore the commonwealth ? 
  vityok is saying that russia has started a war in order to justify their existence . 
  franbatista123 is pretending to not understand the point and by that is making one of two possible statements : a ) russia did not start a war b ) russia started a war , but not with purpose of justifying its existence because these two statements are conflicting and your comment does not make it clear what you meant , you deserve a downvote . 
  here you have it . 
  ever since i left finland i am reading those news and basically every week there are some massive layoffs from one of the larger companies . 
  makes me worried , hope the growth is to return soon . 
  thank you - this was very interesting read and gives some insight on the current affairs in balkans  . 
  that is why i have signed myself and convinced many people to do so as well , who in turn convinced some others .
