ironic that after such a long rambling article the author fails to correctly identify the core philosophy that he claims is so important . 
  which is , of course : democratic self determination . 
  how is google news `` making money by stealing work '' when there is literally zero revenue stream ? 
  google news does n't have ads , it is a money sink . 
  the effect of shutting down google news in spain was a 6 % drop in traffic to news sites ( and a 12 % drop to the smaller sites ) . 
  google was basically operating a charity for spanish news media promoting pluralism , but that was n't good enough for the large newspapers , who did n't like the resulting proliferation of small competitors . 
  the large news outlets saw an opportunity to eliminate competition , and they seized it with their lobbyists . 
  now the eu wants to strike the same blow against media competition throughout the union . 
  attention whores , nothing to see here . 
  are n't they ? 
  racist, 
  man , you guys are absolutely obsessed with trump , are n't you ? 
  brilliant article . 
  except in cases of `` strategic concerns '' related to a credible war scenario , trade barriers are a bad idea . 
  economic illiteracy is the only thing keeping people supporting leftist and anti-liberal policies , to their own detriment . 
   well he 'll hire a children , a commercial balance will explode and b children will be unemployed . 
  only if b 's stupid pride ( or a stupid village law ) prevents him from reducing his children 's pay . 
  you are mincing words . 
  there is no philosophical difference between including the word `` sensible '' in the language of the law , vs. making a `` sensible '' decision about which criteria to use in the law . 
  the only practical difference is that in the first case , judges have more discretion . 
  in both cases the definitions are based on what the society believes to be `` sensible '' at the time , and both are subject to expansion as the list of opinions deprecated by `` sensible '' people expands . 
  me neither , but [ tree-huggers seem to like it ] ( http://earthshiftproducts.com/products/supplements/greens/blgral/blgr4opl ) . 
  algae is yummy , what 's the problem ? 
  this . 
  the european identity is not nearly strong enough ( yet ? ) . 
  an independent defense capability and the ability to declare war ( or not ) is one of the basic prerogatives of a sovereign nation . 
  i would not expect countries to be willing to give up their armies before they agree to fiscal and monetary union . 
  all of that is a long way down the road . 
  the best that could be achieved now is an alliance similar to nato , but excluding the scumbag americans and ~ ~ perfidious albion ~ ~ back-stabbing brexiters . 
  what a fucktard . 
  this city now has the best infrastructure in the world . 
   sensible hate speech laws are what protects free speech . 
  you are wrong . 
  `` sensible '' speech is not free speech . 
  * freedom of speech only matters when someone does n't think it 's `` sensible '' . 
  * if all you ever say is things that other people find `` sensible '' , there is no point in free speech protections , because nobody will object to it . 
  yeah , the usa has responsibilities in the world , unlike denmark , and that sometimes necessitates making tough decisions . 
  the u.s. does n't have the luxury of sitting on the sidelines and criticizing with the benefit of hindsight . 
  do n't think for a second that this makes denmark 's foreign policy morally superior to that of the usa . 
  what a load of crap . 
  our government wealth transfers to developing nations tends to be dwarfed by our voluntary private aid to those countries . 
  [ the ratio was 3.5:1 in 2004 ] ( http://philanthropynewsdigest.org/news/private-giving-to-developing-countries-vastly-exceeds-u.s.-foreign-aid-study-finds ) . 
  but yes , the uk is an extremely generous country when taken as a whole , as is the usa . 
  i guess authoritarianism is tolerable to people whose opinions happen to be ones that are n't prohibited . 
  pray that you remain a good sheep , and that you never develop ideas that would tend to separate you from your shepherd . 
  maybe you 'll be lucky and germany will be the exception . 
  as far as i know , no one is ( yet ) being arrested or prosecuted for these opinions anywhere . 
  however , * many * people are calling them `` hate speech '' . 
  hence the slippery-slope argument . 
  once you criminalize `` hate speech '' , as the definition expands , you will eventually criminalize more and more opinions which are prohibited not for their `` hatefulness '' but for their failure to conform to political orthodoxy . 
  all of the following opinions were commonly held in 1960 but are now `` hate speech '' : * homosexuality is a disease which should be treated , not celebrated . 
  * a person 's sex is determined by his/her genitalia . 
  * black people , on average , are less intelligent than white people . 
  * women are less suitable for leadership positions than men . 
  if it 's `` american '' cultural standards , then why are n't the same standards applied by a million other american companies , e.g. 
  interesting . 
  i 've not previously had any negative thoughts about spoons , but now that you mention it , i 'd rather not be compared to one . 
  they 're a bit simple and dull , compared to a fork or a knife . 
  i 'm worried about you guys , though . 
  a bad law like this anti-porn law has to stay on the books until parliament overturns it , right ? 
  which means it has to be politically expedient to do so , or it wo n't happen . 
  meanwhile it could be rigorously enforced , or even worse , it could be selectively enforced . 
  what 's the point of a law that makes something optional ? 
  did n't people have the option to censor their internet access before ? 
  i guess the only practical effect of the law is to force * all * internet users to bear the costs , instead of just the users who want to use the filtering software . 
  which is anti-libertarian , but could nonetheless be a positive thing for society if you believe children need to be protected from porn and we should make it easier for parents to do so . 
  i 'm on the fence about this . 
  attention is porn for women . 
  so in that sense , facebook is a necessity for them . 
   the communications act 2003 defines illegal communication as `` using public electronic communications network in order to cause annoyance , inconvenience or needless anxiety '' . 
  breaking the law carries a six-month prison term or fine of up to # 5,000 . 
   hate speech can be and is very clearly defined bullshit . 
  if `` hate speech '' were clearly defined , then the definition would n't change radically in a span of 20 years . 
  it 's nothing more than political correctness enforced by law . 
  or you might as well say facebook is imposing `` american censorship '' when it censors a photo that has been published thousands , if not millions , of times in various american media . 
   in germany , a person can face incitement charges for comments aimed at creating hostile feelings what a fucking nightmare . 
  hitler continues to be an absolute catastrophe for the german people . 
  because the media are dominated by leftists , and it 's in their interest to portray the opposition in the most extreme terms . 
   you are literally describing the exclusion of a human from the human race as non-racist . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  no , you 're an idiot . 
  racism has to do with differences among human racial groups . 
  calling a person subhuman for a reason other than race , has nothing to do with racism . 
   the thing you are missing is that these words were created for racist purposes , not relevant  and that other words or terms would be preferable in the situations you describe examples of other words with * precisely * the same meaning ? 
   the word in question literally has been created to express something racist . 
  back when , for example , germans and french were considered to be different races , it was used to different german culture from others . 
  but not in the way of saying `` this is german , this is french '' , but in the vein of automatically attributing a certain quality to it . 
  [ etymologists disagree ] ( http://www.dwds.de/wb/v%25c3%25b6lkisch ) with your account of the word 's history . 
   `` this is german , therefore it 's better , therefore it 's the only acceptable thing to say/to do etc '' . 
  that is not a necessary leap of logic . 
  you could say something is german , and good ; you could even say that something is german and * therefore * good , but that does n't imply that nothing foreign is good , or that nothing foreign is acceptable . 
  simply put , you can express pride and affinity for germany without being hostile to any other country . 
   so , what does anyone need to use the word outside of any historical context for ? 
  people do n't * need * to use the word , but that 's beside the point . 
  the question is , does the mere use of the term make someone a racist ? 
  i would say no , as long as it expresses a concept that is n't inherently racist . 
  yet it includes quotes expressing opinions . 
  pedantic , but true . 
  my non-pedantic point is to express my opposition to the `` language police '' . 
  if a word has general utility , then a person can use it without being racist ; nor should he be accused of racism in such a case .
