  then you are slime . 
  would n't it then require a third ( tiebreaker ) referendum to determine the best-of-three winner ? 
  or , having finally made the `` right '' decision , would the population not need to be consulted further on the topic ? 
  kind of like remainers assume everyone who voted for brexit is a racist xenophobic simpleton , without `` real concerns based on rational thought '' ? 
  `` the protesters want to halt the government formally invoking article 50 of the lisbon treaty ... '', 
   yeah , thinking that somehow the average british citizen is more decent or able to use common sense than anyone else is utter nationalist drivel . 
  do n't put words in my mouth . 
  is this the kind of `` nuance '' you are advocating ? 
  claiming that british citizens are more qualified and more likely to act in their own best interests than anyone else does n't require any claim about the characteristics of people elsewhere . 
   common sense does n't even exist , it 's a concept used mostly by stupid people to describe reductive rhetoric and make them feel better about being unable to deal with complexity or nuance . 
   there is nothing about the eu that entails supranational rule by an unaccountable elite , that 's just how stupid people who read the daily mail conceive of it , rather than the complex system of international agreements it is . 
  you 're stupider!2!@!@!!@!@!@!!@!!!!, 
   honestly , when the uk burns down its economy under the burden of populist arguments you 're espousing i 'll be laughing from the sidelines . 
  you are a nasty piece of work , then . 
  it takes a special kind of person to revel in the suffering of others . 
  you 're one of those people who does n't believe in the decency and common sense of your fellow citizen . 
  it 's no surprise that you would favor supranational rule by an unaccountable elite . 
  at least in a referendum there is a secret ballot and ample time for sober reflection . 
  if you believe in the basic decency and common sense of your fellow citizen , it can yield reasonable and just results . 
  in mob rule , decisions are disproportionately affected by passion and peer pressure instead of reason . 
  they certainly are a democratic mechanism . 
  if you had said `` public votes are n't a mechanism of representative democracy '' then you would have been correct . 
  nobody is advocating censorship . 
  but if the protesters thought there was no chance of overturning the vote , they would n't bother protesting . 
  they are an example of free expression , which is essential to democracy . 
  but they are not the mechanism of democracy , nor should they be confused as such ( see above ) . 
  protests are not democracy . 
  elections are democracy . 
  the secret ballot is an essential element of democracy that is absent in public protests . 
  overturning an election on the basis of a protest would not be democracy ; it would be mob rule . 
  i suppose you would end all debates ? 
  after all , any instance of people disagreeing with each other must consist of one side and/or the other lying , correct ? 
  and we just establish a government commission to produce an official pamphlet containing only the facts . 
  because government is always unbiased and trustworthy , unlike people , right ? 
  but get ready , i 'm about to blow your mind : government employees are themselves people . 
   there is no will of the people , the people were lied too . 
  do n't you see that the same thing could be said about any election , ever , whose results you do n't like ? 
  the propaganda war continues . 
  delegitimizing the result of the referendum is thought to be the way to persuade parliament to override it . 
  which is why economic illiteracy is so rampant here . 
  hence the bernie sanders phenomenon . 
  government over-regulation benefits the largest companies at the expense of everyone else . 
  why does the size of the largest companies even matter ? 
  what if it just indicates that there has been more consolidation in the us vs. the eu ? 
  consolidation is n't always a good thing . 
  that is sad and disturbing . 
  did you take any economics courses ? 
  i do n't know why you are so keen on islamizing the uk . 
  misery loves company , i guess ? 
  good . 
  fuck the bankers , they 're parasites . 
  do n't worry , the uk will have all the access it wants to the eu 's internal protectionist racket . 
  along with improved access to markets in the world that are actually growing . 
  seems like a legitimate question . 
  after all , in the uk , calling for the abolishment of same-sex marriage would be a `` hate crime '' . 
  different countries , different orthodoxies . 
  as long as we 're enforcing ideological conformity , everybody wins . 
  you are forgetting that there is an element of chance in every event . 
  let 's say the u.s. has 2 athletes in a given event , and the eu has 20 . 
  let 's further assume that the u.s. athletes are much better ; let 's assume they are twice as likely to win as the eu athletes . 
  if each u.s. athlete has a 2 % chance of winning , and each eu athlete has a 1 % chance of winning , then the total chance of the u.s. winning the gold medal is 4 % , but the total chance of the eu winning the gold medal is 20 % . 
  even though the u.s. had the best athletes in the field , because the eu was allowed to enter many more athletes , the eu still had a much greater total chance of winning the gold medal . 
  you are forgetting that there is an element of chance in every event . 
  let 's say the u.s. has 2 athletes in a given event , and the eu has 20 . 
  let 's further assume that the u.s. athletes are much better ; let 's assume they are twice as likely to win as the eu athletes . 
  if each u.s. athlete has a 2 % chance of winning , and each eu athlete has a 1 % chance of winning , then the total chance of the u.s. winning the gold medal is 4 % , but the total chance of the eu winning the gold medal is 20 % . 
  even though the u.s. had the best athletes in the field , because the eu was allowed to enter many more athletes , the eu still had a much greater total chance of winning the gold medal . 
   kuo toliau , tuo gra\u017eiau - the further you go , the more beautiful aka shit is going downhill . 
  my favorite . 
  sarcastic as hell . 
  linux was developed as a freeware clone of an american operating system called unix . 
  it was designed to run on a cheap pc because europoors could n't afford sun sparcstations . 
  i think the word you 're looking for is `` awesome '', 
  `` hank '' is similar here . 
  but strangely enough , it 's usually a nickname for someone whose real name is `` henry '' . 
  not helmut ? 
   the r is not really a separate letter depends on whether you subscribe to this non-rhotic fad that has been proliferating in england in the last two centuries . 
   `` komfor-tabl '' perfectly acceptable, 
  it 's cute , though . 
  [ this might help ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aspirated_h#list_of_french_words_which_begin_with_an_aspirated_h ), 
  seems pretty phonetic to me . 
  your second spelling is close , but you left out the `` t `` s , which are pronounced . 
  sixths, 
  the american way is two syllables . 
  we just rhyme the first syllable with `` whir '' instead of `` queer '' . 
  oh , god . 
   limp bizkit what is the meaning ? 
  wikipedia failed me . 
  are you on crack ? 
  let 's go fly a kite and send it soaring, 
  use [ vinyl disposable gloves ] ( https://www.uline.com/product/detail/s-15389m/vinyl-poly-gloves/industrial-vinyl-gloves-powder-free-3-mil-clear-medium ) . 
  they are super-thin so they do n't interfere with eating or typing . 
  they 're like a condom for your hand . 
  and they are super-cheap ( about $ 5.00 for 50 pairs ) . 
  you seem rather childish . 
  when a german calls a cowboy hat `` american '' i do n't take offense , even though they are n't worn in new york city . 
  find out what the trigger is , and eliminate it . 
  if it 's the feeling of rough , dry skin that you have the urge to make smoother ... try moisturizing lotion . 
  or , wear gloves until the habit is broken . 
  it 's so awesome that we 're going to be rid of you soon .
