  what does yours have in it ? 
   american 's utter lack of knowledge in geography makes me cringe . 
  people who seek approval from foreigners by bashing their fellow americans make me cringe . 
  the problem with that line of thinking is that when someone has invaded your home , you do n't necessarily know how heavily armed they are , or how willing they are to harm you . 
  if you wait until you know for sure your life is n't at risk , it may be too late for you . 
  that 's the philosophy that justifies using deadly force against any intruder . 
  i do n't understand the desire of some people to protect the rights of burglars . 
  burglars can protect their own rights by simply choosing not to break into someone 's home . 
  if they choose to do so , they are choosing to put their lives at risk . 
  i would imagine that property taxes are the main expense , unless they get some kind of discount for historic buildings . 
   english , on the other hand , is just doing it without purpose . 
  that 's just ... weird . 
  i mean , why ? 
  do you really want to know ? 
  wow , so much regional variation . 
  surely the eu needs to standardize this and force everyone to behave the same way to avoid the inefficiency of negotiating the proper greeting . 
  edit : / s, 
  [ how to deal with the problem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7ugnenk7gui ), 
   americans * constantly * complain about it what do you mean ? 
  who are you talking about ? 
  when signing your name , do you use cursive ? 
  it 's mostly a media fabrication . 
  also because some people feel silly saying `` god bless you '' in a secular context . 
  interesting . 
  maybe another dutch person can comment . 
  how is this reconciled with male-only registration for military conscription ? 
  that 's heartbreaking . 
  and people are gullible enough to believe it ? 
  it 's not a valid contract in the u.s. , either . 
  it 's just court-admissible evidence that supports a claim that an agreement was made . 
  just as it would be anywhere in the eu . 
  well , of course . 
  you guys have outlawed checks . 
  a money transfer is evidence of a payment . 
  it is not evidence of an agreement for it to be repaid . 
   but it 's the same case of any other money transfer . 
  hell , i can pull e-signed pdf at any time and it will have same value , or it can be directly requested from bank if needed . 
  i do n't think you understood the point . 
  if i write in the memo field `` loan to be repaid by january 1 , 2017 '' and the recipient cashes the check , the check becomes a document that can later be used in court to show that the transaction was intended as a loan , not a gift . 
  sure , you can draw up some kind of `` e-contract '' and `` e-sign '' it , etc. 
  but in that particular case nothing beats the convenience of a check . 
   you do n't . 
  i mean ... you have to put how much you want to transfer and you have to put phone number . 
  i 'm slightly pulling your leg here , because it 's only roughly one year old technology , but in november of last year over 130k transactions was done that way . 
  that 's wrong . 
  you could n't send * me * money that way , because i have n't signed up for the service . 
  however , you could hand me a check without me signing up for anything . 
   and you see , we have slightly different starting point here . 
  i value instant transfers over waiting for clearing the cheque , both as sender and recepient . 
  how long does it take nowadays in the states ? 
  2 days ? 
  3 days ? 
  that 's true . 
  in any case where the recipient needs the money instantly , checks are not appropriate . 
  but there are numerous transactions where the recipient does n't need the money instantly . 
  another reason people often use checks is the `` paper trail '' . 
  the bank saves a copy of the front and back of every check , so everything you 've written on there gets saved and is admissible in court , including your signature and whatever you choose to write in the `` memo '' field . 
  really , if you ca n't think of * any * scenario where a check would be better than another form of payment , then you do n't have a very good imagination . 
  as for me , you could name any form of payment in the world and i could contrive a situation where it would be useful . 
   but who said most cases have to be handled by being there in person ? 
  there are cases like that , because you have to `` exchange physical goods '' , for lack of better term ( that 's why i mentioned specifically car registration , because you have to take old registration plates and take out new ones , if it 's necessary ) . 
  we do that entirely by mail in the u.s. . you send a personal check in the mail for the registration fee , or pay it online . 
  the new plates come in the mail . 
  you discard the old ones . 
  ( you could do it in person , but it 's less convenient . ), 
   your logic is flawed , you are arguing that if it 's good enough you do n't need to do anything about it . 
  somehow we , in relatively poor country , could handle such transition , but you ca n't ? 
  we * could * ban all personal checks in this country , but then some transactions would become less convenient , and people would complain . 
  just like we could force all products to be labeled using only the metric system and banish traditional measurements . 
  but there is a very strong libertarian streak in this country . 
  let people do things the way they want , if they 're not hurting anyone . 
   do you really think that handling things online would increase workload ? 
  that automatic payments are somehow slower than guy sitting in small room checking cheques is better than computer doing it ? 
  in transactions where you must * also * provide extra documents , yes . 
  at least until everyone has a flatbed scanner in their house , or until all paper documents are eliminated . 
  if a person has to handle the documents anyway , then it is not more trouble for them to type the amount of a check and throw it into a pile , than to find and verify a previous payment that you made using a web site . 
  and the important part : for the customer , it may be * more * convenient to put everything in the envelope , without having to first visit a web site . 
   how long are your phone numbers that it would take more than 30 seconds ? 
  how long she needed to wait until it was depostited on her account ? 
  you have to do more than enter a phone number to send money to someone . 
   that 's why i said people are defending cheques to no end . 
  nothing you said convinced me that they are better , it only convinced me that your system is dated - it looks like system we had not long after fall of communism , paper , paper , paper and some bureaucracy . 
  i never made a blanket statement such as `` checks are better '' . 
  i only said that in some cases , they are more convenient than any alternative . 
  our `` system '' is n't defined by checks . 
  we do most of our transactions in other ways , nowadays . 
  but we still have the option to use checks in the cases where it makes sense . 
  that 's true , but `` interpuncted '' is a great word that really should be used more in the way u/orthoxerox used it in . 
  i would have used the word `` interspersed '' , which fails to acknowledge the gravity of the `` ultraviolence '' . 
  u/orthoxerox said it in a way that was better than i would have said it . 
   but it 's fail of your government/banking system , not some high utility of cheques . 
  even if i would need to do similar thing i would simply transfer money beforhand and it will be automatically accounted for ( depends on institution - either by personal account number , or simply by specific title ) . 
  hell , nowadays in poland i probably would n't need to send any paper , because i could do it online , or i would need to be there in person nonetheless , because it can only be done in person ( like car registration ) . 
  requiring citizens to show up in person is one way to handle the problem . 
  i would n't call it a `` failure of the government/banking system '' that i also have the option to just send the documents and a check in the mail , which in many cases is far more convenient . 
  in the u.s. , most people never have to go to government offices , except like once every 10 years when they check your eyesight to renew your driver 's license . 
  yes , the government could develop a system that allows you to pay online , and then send the documents separately , but it would increase customer support costs , and it would be less convenient than using a personal check . 
   edit to your edit : maybe for you , but not for me , especially in this day and age . 
  if it 's my friend i have his contanct information , so i can easily do it with phone app ( and if he is in one of few banks i can do it by typing his phone number ) , if it 's for company i will either have their information stored already , or will get it with purchase . 
  then it 's simply 30 seconds and 0 cost for me .
