  as an example , i made a small loan to a friend with a personal check . 
  i did n't know her address , but it did n't matter . 
  writing a check took 30 seconds . 
  entering a bunch of information about the person into a phone app would 've taken far longer . 
  i 'm not saying there are a lot of cases where checks are the best alternative , but there are a few . 
  i gave an example elsewhere in this thread , but i will repeat it . 
  i had to send several documents and a fee to a government office . 
  doing it in person was n't convenient , because the office is too far from me . 
  doing it online was n't an option because i had to include the documents . 
  sending cash by mail is inadvisable , in case the envelope gets lost or stolen . 
  it 's also sometimes easier to give money to another individual with a check than to have to coordinate an online money transfer , or hand them a large amount of cash . 
  he 's talking about checks in general ( including personal checks ) . 
  you 're talking about paychecks . 
  sometimes a personal check is the most convenient option , even when there are other alternatives . 
  personal checks still are occasionally useful . 
  i just sent a $ 2 check in the mail to a government agency to pay a fee . 
  doing it in person was n't an option , because the office is far away from me . 
  doing it online was n't an option , because of the several additional documents i had to send with the payment . 
  textbook socialism , it will only get worse . 
   if we kept the lira our economical system would be better it might actually be true , it 's something very smart economists do n't agree about . 
   interpuncted english is my native tongue , but you just taught me a new word . 
  thanks !, 
  we call that a `` welfare state '' in the u.s. 
  the enlightenment happened in the christian world , not elsewhere , for a reason . 
  john locke was a devout christian who based his philosophy of `` natural rights '' on his christian beliefs and the bible . 
  that 's the underpinning of modern `` human rights '' that we take for granted ( but ironically have no real philosophical basis any more as the world secularizes ) . 
  most of the other influential enlightenment philosophers were christians , too . 
  not at all . 
  socialism is state ownership of the means of production , which is entirely opposed to a free market . 
  so china and north korea ? 
  because all of the western democracies have more religious populations than them . 
  the bible \u2260 christianity , hth, 
  i found an [ english translation ] ( http://www.geertwilders.nl/index.php/94-english/2007-preliminary-election-program-pvv-2017-2021 ) from the man himself :  no public money for development aid , windmills , art , innovation , broadcasting , etc. 
  which makes a lot more sense , and is a defensible position based on free market ( anti-socialist ) principles . 
  the `` etc. '', 
  makes sense once you realize the commonality among the items : they are things wilders does n't think are the government 's business . 
  can you post a link ? 
   religion is poison not all religions are created equal . 
  christianity is the foundation of western ethical systems and political philosophy . 
  without it , for example , the concept of `` inalienable rights endowed by one 's creator '' is somewhat arbitrary . 
  that seems like a pretty poor translation , or you are quoting it out of context . 
  what politician in his right mind would specifically call out `` innovation '' as something on which money should not be spent ? 
  seriously ? 
  you * still * , at this late date , do n't have any idea of the justifications for brexit ? 
  are you really that lazy ? 
  this would make you an outlier in the human species , which is almost universally subject to tribal instincts . 
  that is , if you are n't lying to yourself . 
  affinity for one 's tribe has little to do with achievements . 
  `` being proud of where you 're from '' mostly has to do with love and respect for one 's community , and emotional investment therein . 
  not giving a fuck about your community is certainly nothing to boast about . 
  if everyone thought that way , there would be no civilization . 
  well , that answers that question . 
  it does n't stop it , it makes it harder . 
  are you dense ? 
   turks can already access eu by getting a visa . 
  the only difference is they have to pay 100-200 euros for it . 
  ##### | the only difference is they have to pay 100-200 euros for it . 
  ### | they have to pay 100-200 euros for it . 
  yes , it does . 
  you want another ass-kicking , germany ? 
  just kidding . 
  the feeling definitely is not mutual . 
  if americans have any opinions about germany , they are usually brotherly ( still a huge number of americans identify themselves as having german ancestry ) and/or admiring of german engineering and beer . 
  so you 're canada . 
  got it . 
  it is no longer an olympic sport ( used to be ) . 
  baseball and softball will be returning in 2020 , though . 
  to the extent that wernher von braun was american , we won the space race . 
  gymnastics ( women and men ) . 
  their power and grace is amazing . 
  i agree with all of that . 
  what i disagreed with was your original claim that  the american solution relies on heavy domestic surveillance , hoping to catch people just before they pull the trigger which i now think i took the wrong way . 
  clearly domestic surveillance has nothing to do with the philosophy underlying the american `` solution '' to this problem . 
  that 's all i was saying , but now i do n't think that was in contradiction to what you were saying . 
  it 's also clear that you understand the american philosophy on the issue , which i agree with because it 's the libertarian position , and you disagree with for practical reasons . 
  both positions are well-founded , and there 's probably no reason for us to argue about it further . 
  it 's wrong to blame someone else for a crime than the person who committed it . 
  no , by `` agency '' i just mean free will , ability to decide one 's own actions . 
  and from agency comes personal responsibility . 
  i disagree with nearly every generalization you made above ( much of it is demonstrably false imo ) , but i understand how people arrive at those conclusions and how compelling they can be . 
  it 's a good thing we live in democratic countries , so we can make our own laws that differ from the ones in foreign countries . 
   the american solution relies on heavy domestic surveillance , hoping to catch people just before they pull the trigger . 
  this is wrong . 
  the bill of rights predates fbi surveillance by centuries . 
  the american solution is founded on a belief in the agency of criminals . 
  ( after all , if criminals do n't have agency , then it is immoral to punish them for their crimes . ), 
  in cases where agency is limited ( e.g. 
  the audience does n't have time to think about their actions -- `` let 's go lynch those dirty foreigners now ! '' ), 
  incitement is prohibited in the u.s. 
  this is a good explanation of the subtleties of the german concept of incitement , thanks . 
  the u.s. also prohibits incitement of violence , but only where your speech would be likely to provoke a normal/average person to violence , within a short time . 
  if your speech convinces someone , after sober reflection , that violence is warranted , then that 's a different story , and it 's protected speech . 
  there is no way to draw a line of responsibility from something you said a month ago , to a violent crime committed by another person , when there was time for sober reflection in the middle . 
  to say otherwise denies the agency of criminals , which is fundamental to our system of justice . 
  the more restrictive german law reflects a fundamental distrust of the german people , by other countries , and by the people themselves . 
  which is sad , and i believe , outdated . 
  it makes it easier for them to work illegally there . 
   though rugby itself can be a violent game , it pales in comparison to american football . 
  american football players are larger and stronger than rugby players . 
  they also wear more protective equipment - which makes the sport more dangerous , not less .
