no , that 's not hamas . 
  that 's from fatah , the `` moderates '' israel is expected to negotiate with . 
  nick cohen talks about the modern phenomenon in what 's left which is a brilliant read imo . 
  when you said that i ca n't say `` hundreds of millions of muslims believe in death for apostasy '' , because pew only polled 38,000 muslims , that is unscientific . 
  there is a science to public polling , that takes into account sample size , demographics , etc , and using statistical methods to determine margins of error . 
  i do n't personally study this stuff , but unless you do , or can alert me to a rift within the academic community about the efficacy of these methods , i would say its anti-science to doubt them . 
  but other than that , i agree with pretty much everything you wrote there . 
  i do n't think you understand the amount of rigour and statistical analysis that goes into public polling . 
  it 's anti-science to ignore public polling data from pew . 
  they have a section on their margins of error if you 'd like to take a look for yourself . 
  honestly , to me , your rhetoric about public polling sounds like the rantings of a climate change denier . 
  you simply do not understand the underlying science if you 're making these ridiculous claims . 
  first , i have to disagree with you 100 % on your distrust of opinion polls . 
  i ca n't vouch for every opinion poll i cited ( because they all go to outside sources , and i frankly do n't have the patience ) , but i can link you here to a pew poll about muslim attitudes world wide that shows similarly disturbing statistics , and describes their methods and margins of error , so you can put your the worry of bad polling aside ( http://www.pewforum.org/2013/04/30/the-worlds-muslims-religion-politics-society-overview/ ) . 
  second , i think your final paragraph summarizes perfectly the attitude on the left that i think has confused fellow liberals and caused them to fail so spectacularly on the topic of islam and islamism . 
  certainly we can agree that its difficult to generalize about a religion of 1.6 billion people , and that its always wise to keep this in mind . 
  but to say that most people who talk about muslims , or islam , say things like `` all muslims '' i think is simply disingenuous . 
  the left has become so worried about `` generalizing '' that they 're making it impossible to talk about this group without being accused of bigotry . 
  of course not all muslims believe anything , and anybody who would say otherwise is an idiot . 
  but for some reason , we can talk about ` liberals ' or ` progressives ' or ` christians ' or ` conservatives ' think without being called out for insinuating ` all members of this group think this way ' , yet with muslims , its a different ball game . 
  on top of that , a portion of the left seems unable to distinguish between talking about islam , talking about muslim beliefs and talking about `` all muslims '' . 
  for example , there 's nothing bigoted or incorrect about saying `` the punishment for apostasy within islam is death '' . 
  there 's also nothing bigoted or incorrect about saying that `` hundreds of millions of muslims think the punishment for apostasy should be death '' . 
  one is about a doctrine in islam ( the ideology ) , one is about how many muslims ( the people ) agree with that doctrine . 
  neither is saying `` all muslims '' , neither is bigoted or racist , both are true , and both are important facts . 
  the idea that speaking candidly like this is similar to how racists would talk about black people has been absolutely * paralyzing * the left on this topic . 
  let me dispel this nonsense the best i can : first off , muslim is not a race , its an identifier for a religion which is made up of ideas that influence behavior ( in ways that race does not ) , so right off the bat the analogy breaks down . 
  secondly , i 'm not using opinion polls on muslim attitudes to suggest that because of these ideas , muslims do n't deserve the same rights as non-muslims . 
  merely making generalizations about a group of people is n't racism or bigotry or inherently dangerous . 
  we still make these generalizations , based on race , today in america : african americans are poorer on average than whites , african americans score significantly lower on standardized tests than their white peers , african americans are significantly more likely to be involved with gang violence than their white peers , african americans are incarcerated at rates much higher than whites , etc. 
  the point i 'm making is that merely generalizing about a demographic is n't the problematic aspect of racism . 
  obviously there 's things to be said about stereotypes and taking generalizations too far , but the real danger of racism is the idea that people deserve less rights , respect , or dignity because of their race . 
  nobody worth listening to is saying this about muslims , and anybody who is should be condemned . 
  but the left needs to stop lumping everybody who speaks candidly about islam into the same category as donald trump , if they want any sort of political relevance in the future , particularly in europe . 
  if people with good intentions do not confront this problem head on , it will be the true facists and bigots who gain power as the clash between islamic and western values unfolds . 
  first off , you 're coming to the conversation assuming that everyone agrees that muslims being a particular threat is obvious . 
  the amount of `` progressives '' i 've met and listened to at university who are convinced that the conception of muslims being involved more often in terrorism is simply due to media bias is astonishing . 
  and the numbers of those people are dwarfed by the number of people who think that although muslims are more often terrorists , their motivations never have anything to do with islam . 
  so that alone suggests that we still are n't through convincing ourselves that islam is an issue , and speaking about it may be a bit more useful than you 're insinuating in your comment . 
  secondly , you also seem to be insinuating that the threat coming from muslim communities is merely jihadism , and the fact that muslims do many great things for our society suggests that talking about muslims as a group , at all , is completely irrelevant . 
  this , to me , suggests that you 're not aware of the moral attitudes prevalent in the muslim community that are a more subtle threat to western culture than jihadism . 
  for example taking britain alone , there are concerning numbers of muslims who believe things entirely incompatible with british culture : * 16 % of british muslims believe suicide attacks against israelis are justified * 37 % believe jews in britain are a `` legitimate target '' * 25 % of british muslims disagree that a muslim has an obligation to report terrorists to police * 13 % of muslim in britain support al-qaeda attacks on america * 18 % of british muslims would be proud or indifferent if a family member joined al-qaeda * 58 % of british muslims believe insulting islam should result in criminal prosecution * 1 in 4 support suicide attacks against british troops source : http://www.danielpipes.org/blog/2005/07/more-survey-research-from-a-british-islamist ( page that aggregates many of these studies and links to other sources ) these are just attitudes about things like violence and free speech . 
  there are also clearly issues within the muslim community about women 's rights , homosexuality , education , etc. 
  that have not been studied specifically in britain ( to my knowledge ) but are clearly an issue as well ( based on a general understanding of the political climate ) . 
  so overall , your suggestion that the distinction of `` muslims '' is about as useful as the distinctions of `` men '' and `` people with 4 limbs '' , i think , just as foolish as those who suggest that the solution is to ban or deport all muslims to fix all the problems . 
  it 's important to talk about the struggle for the heart of islam , its important to bring up this values clash in talks about immigration , it 's important to put pressure on the muslim community to reform and to integrate , where it has n't already happened . 
  you say you want '' * actual * ideas to help with this '' , which i can agree with ( and of which , i do n't have any at the moment ) . 
  but what i take from op 's point is that a ` solution for the future ' is to stop calling everybody who speaks candidly about this issue a bigot and racist , so discussions about these threats can take place before they get to the level they 're currently at . 
  should governments be monitoring all text messages ? 
  i 'm genuinely confused as to how they should have picked that up, 
  it 's just a phrase people use to generalize ( to varying degrees ) about a certain strain of political thought . 
  it 's an imperfect but useful way that we speak about politics . 
  it 's important to introduce nuance into the conversation , but writing off everybody who makes these generalizations is at least as ignorant as insinuating that all of `` the left '' thinks exactly alike . 
  lol ok . dylan roof is basically the cishet white male incarnation of global jihadism . 
  i oppose him and he is a terrorist too . 
  satisfied ? 
  ... and are supported by middle eastern states , billions of dollars , and tens of millions of people . 
  not to mention all the hundreds of millions who disagree with the terrorism , but support the ultimate goals . 
  who gives a shit ? 
  the point is n't whether or not its terrorism , the point is whether or not it points to a larger problem . 
  the dylan roof maniac really was a lone wolf , had no community support , was a complete lunatic by himself . 
  jihadists have entire countries , billions of dollars , and hundreds of millions of muslims who share their final aims . 
  that 's why people are more worried about islamic terrorism than lone psychos like dylan roof . 
  the fact that i know the guy 's name shows exactly why its not as worrying to me as islamism and jihad . 
   donald trump supporter spotted . 
  no , but even if i was a donald trump supporter , it would n't have anything to do with the actual ideas i 'm expressing . 
   muslim is n't a nationality i never said it was . 
  it 's a religious identity contingent on adhering to the tenants of islam to some degree or another . 
   since you are christian wrong again , jewish atheist . 
   i am guessing you must be from africa , since they are also christian . 
  well why the fuck do you write like that ? 
  all of your assumptions are wrong and based on a simplistic , straw man of my opinions . 
  nothing of what i wrote is meant to convey something related to what you 're saying . 
   just hang on a moment and we 'll just draft a law that bans muslims ( or generally people with an `` undesirable '' culture ) from having kids . 
  great idea man . 
  i ca n't wait for an american to propose more such laws and i 'm the one constructing [ strawmen ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.co.uk/entry/london-stand-up-to-racism-rally_uk_56ed69dae4b0cc1ede8c24eb ), 
  . . not sure , they probably just do n't like it because it nullifies the premise of their non-argument . 
  not that it should matter ... 
  wow person , chill out . 
  i 'm not `` mocking '' your democracy in any way that i would n't mock my own . 
  do you think most americans think american democracy is thriving ? 
  do you think most of us are content with having to decide between hillary and trump ? 
  how american democracy is quite irrelevant to this discussion , but there certainly are parallels . 
  american democracy has essentially been hijacked by business interests which have ( in completely opposite manners ) led to the preposterous choice we are now faced with . 
  in europe , i would say the problem is more due to technocratic arrogance , but there are similarities in that only people with money ( and therefore all the `` correct '' opinion ) get to call the shots . \\ do n't take things so personally . 
  i was responding to the fact that such views are often considered `` racist '' in the politically correct mainstream , not to a particular accusation in this thread . 
  i 'm not bringing it up because such accusations hurt my feelings , but because they are used to shut down a discussion . 
  you are right though , nobody called me racist so it 's not very relevant to the discussion . 
  i was more just ranting . 
  its well over 1 million muslims , a tiny fraction of whom are terrorists , a large minority if not majority who support the ultimate goals of the terrorists , and a definite majority who hold values completely incompatible with western society who will not integrate . 
  i support the taking in of a limited number of genuine refugees who have been vetted , starting with minority groups like yazidis , coptics , christians , etc. 
  who are most at risk ( and most likely to integrate ) and then some limited number of muslims who have been properly screened . 
  think about what you 're saying . 
  you 're literally saying that merkel had no choice but to take in all of these `` refugees '' ( many of whom are not refugees but economic migrants ) . 
  that is outright insane . 
  there is nothing saying that she had to tell the entire world that if you make it here we will grant you asylum . 
  yes , she does n't control the borders . 
  but she knows damn well that nobody else is controlling the borders either , so making the argument that it 's not * her * fault that greece ca n't keep people from streaming in is just childish . 
  people are giving merkel the finger because they do n't want her `` refugees '' . 
  you ca n't just import the fucking middle east into europe by the millions .
