  their culture is incompatible with western values . 
  do you not understand that ? 
  do you not think that is true ? 
  you have to turn people away . 
  you have to send them back . 
  these are just facts . 
  europe can not take them on , it can not afford to socially , politically , economically , culturally . 
  they physically can not vet these people . 
  merkel herself admits to losing 130,000 `` refugees '' . 
  literally just does n't know where they are . 
  the idea that there are no other options is frankly just stupid . 
  even merkel would n't say something so ignorant . 
  she invited people in , the open door policy is in fact a policy , and had the policy been different the outcome would have been different . 
  yes , i really do think that . 
  you may think that history is over because all you 've ever known is relative peace , but i think that the tide rolls on . 
  and i also happen to think that the largest mass migration the world has ever seen from a hostile , supremacist culture into nations that are n't breeding enough to even replace the previous generation will fundamentally change the social fabric of those nations . 
  right , because the system that i did n't design is n't working properly , what i said about another system is wrong . 
  is it a civil war if there are far right factions in france that go attack islamist mosques after the next spate of terrorist attacks ? 
  call that whatever you want , but it 's a `` far left '' delusion to think that 's not a probable outcome , and its a `` far left '' delusion to not notice that this problem is only getting worse , and islamists are going to start gaining political power in france and the netherlands , and ordinary citizens are no longer going to be able to live as free peoples in places where some significant number of people hate jews and homosexuals and uncovered women, 
  because i care about the maintenance of civilization . 
  i do n't want to see european civilization torn apart , with warring political factions of far right nativists vs far right islamists , with terrorist attacks happening regularly , with women and jews and homosexuals feeling unsafe to walk about their own cities . 
  already there is no where safe in europe for somebody that wants to draw a * cartoon * criticizing muhammad . 
  if you do n't see that as the first of many encroachments on the rights of europeans , i do n't know what to tell you . 
  liberty is n't going to die in some military coup by islamists . 
  it 's going to be slowly eroded , inch by inch : if you 're non-muslim , you can no longer walk through that part of town . 
  if you 're jewish , you probably want to take that yarmulke off on your way to synagogue , and only put it on after you walk past the armed guard . 
  it might be easier for you to just buy a niqab and wear it on the subway home if you do n't want to get harassed every day . 
  i do n't want you going out tonight if you 're not always with a male friend . 
  i do n't think we should go to the bastille day celebrations this year , it probably wo n't be very comfortable ... 
  this is where europe is headed , and if you look at birth rates this problem is only getting worse . 
  i think there 's something valuable about the individual societies in europe , and i 'm not willing to watch the lights go out on liberty across the atlantic and think that it will all be safe in fortress america forever . 
  yeah and my syrian neighbour is studying computer science and does n't want shariah in germany . 
  but i 'm intelligent enough to know that he 's not a typical syrian and most people from the islamic 3rd world hold values fundamentally incompatible with europe . 
  i live in germany, 
  hey , this one community has n't integrated and is routinely producing terrorists that butcher citizens in the street , despite being multigenerational and being granted all the welfare and education of the social democratic state . 
  welp , guess i should invite more of them in , completely un vetted , by the millions and hope that if i say the word integration enough it wo n't fundamentally destroy the social fabric of some of the most ancient societies on earth and bring civil conflict to europe . 
  do n't anybody dare speak about potential hard truths that i ca n't cope with . 
   with old school liberals like myself switching sides welcome to the club . 
  the mainstream left is simply out of their minds . 
  this swedish poster is the * perfect * example of the weak , feckless naivety that is importing war into europe , all the while pompously preening about being on the `` right side of history '' . 
  it 's tempting to give in to schadenfreude , but we have to fight this . 
  umm , yes . 
  civil conflict in the streets . 
  how many terrorist attacks from one community before the native community starts taking things into their own hands ? 
  how many mass rapes , and child grooming gangs , and cartoon murders , etc. 
  etc. ? 
  how much hostility before human conflict is inevitable ? 
  your naive assumption that since its been peaceful all your life , it will stay that way forever is simply untrue . 
  the islamic right will face off with the european right , politically , culturally , and ultimately physically . 
  you already have vast , unintegrated parallel societies in europe and in germany in particular . 
  and now merkel has invited millions more from even more conservative societies to come in completely un vetted . 
  but since merkel will now pay lip service to integration , this is no longer multiculturalism . 
  i 'm sorry , but this line of thought is simply delusional . 
  merkel has imported islamism , parallel societies , and war into europe, 
  except for the whole , importing vast numbers of 3rd world muslim immigrants , completely un vetted , into europe and fundamentally altering the social fabric of the entire continent which will likely lead to civil conflict and an islamist political faction vying for control of europe as european birth rates fail to keep up and islamic birth rates remain well above replacement rate . 
  but other than that , doing a solid job . 
  glad she always takes the middle road . 
  what the fuck ? 
  she openly invited the entire islamic 3rd world into the heart of germany , completely un-vetted . 
  not just genuine refugees in limited numbers , literally anybody who can make it to germany . 
  that is batshit insane . 
  she has imported war into europe , terror , violence , intolerance , and has probably altered europe 's demographics to the point that there will be no more europe as we 've known it in the next couple of generations . 
  no country in the eu has birthrates even close to replacement rate , while the immigrants they 've imported are having 4 , 5 , 6 children and teaching them the same 3rd world islamic values that has made that part of the world such a shit show . 
  but no , all of this is racist and xenophobic . 
  and now , as the multiculti delusional leftists begin to realize the truth in the matter , its already too late and they do n't have the will to try to do anything about it . 
  pretty much sums up most of the governments of western europe . 
  we know what 's best for you plebs and we 're taking you along for the ride . 
  ... no they did n't , the constitution was never even ratified ... did you not just read what i wrote ? 
  they went behind the people 's back , doing everything they wanted to do by ratifying other treaties that people did not get to vote on . 
  yeah , america is the worst . 
  ca n't wait until iran and pakistan and china and russia and north korea take up it 's mantle, 
  that 's my question as well ... 
  so a spaniard thinks just like a swede thinks just like a greek thinks just like an englishman thinks just like a german ? 
  some countries in europe are going in hugely different directions than others , economically , politically , with demographics , with immigration . 
  the eu is alread falling apart , with britain deciding no and huge populations in other european countries favoring to do the same . 
  it 's one thing to have opposing political parties . 
  it 's quite another to have dozens of parties that do n't even want the current government to exist at all . 
  that is what a ` federal europe ' will undoubtedly be . 
  it 's a completely preposterous goal . 
  so governments are already incompetent and unwilling to do what is necessary , and now you think that if they all join together into one monsterous beuracratic nightmare they will be better able to deal with things like border control and russian encroachment ? 
  kind of like the un , right ? 
  from wikipedia :  after the french and dutch referendum results european leaders decided to hold a `` period of reflection '' on what to do next . 
  [ 6 ] as part of this reflection period a `` group of wise men '' was set up to consider possible courses of action . 
  [ 7 ] this group of high-level european politicians -- former prime ministers , ministers and members of the european commission -- first met on 30 september 2006 in rome . 
  [ 8 ]  on 4 june 2007 , this group , known as the amato group , presented its report . 
  they proposed to establish a new inter-governmental conference with a view to writing a new treaty which would rewrite the maastricht treaty , amend the treaty of rome and give the charter of fundamental rights of the european union a legally binding status . 
  the new treaty would be based on the first and fourth parts of the constitution , the rest of the constitution 's changes being achieved through amendments to the treaty of rome basically , they said fuck off to the dutch and the french and did everything they wanted to do any way through back door treaties that nobody voted on . 
  this is the ethos of the eu , we know what 's best and the populous should just go along with it . 
  here is a list of the unelected president of the european commission jean claude junker 's quotations on various subjects : on eu monetary policy `` i 'm ready to be insulted as being insufficiently democratic , but i want to be serious ... 
  i am for secret , dark debates '' on british calls for a referendum over lisbon treaty `` of course there will be transfers of sovereignty . 
  but would i be intelligent to draw the attention of public opinion to this fact ? , '' on french referendum over eu constitution `` if it 's a yes , we will say ` on we go ' , and if it 's a no we will say ` we continue ' , '' on the introduction of the euro `` we decide on something , leave it lying around , and wait and see what happens . 
  if no one kicks up a fuss , because most people do n't understand what has been decided , we continue step by step until there is no turning back . '', 
  lol yes , the same eu that completely ignored the non-ratification of the constitution by 2 member states ? 
  give me a break , these politicians have their own agenda and are institutionally unresponsive . 
  that 's a hilariously dumb argument . 
  so differences wo n't become more and more consequential if you add more and more people with wider varying opinions ? 
  you think there will be less movements like brexit if the eu becomes a stronger centralised power and remains unresponsive to the democratic choices of individual member states ? 
  ok so why do you want the massive centralized power option ? 
  ca n't you see how that will inevitably lead to massive political issues with all the disparate cultures in europe . 
  for example , i do n't think the french want anything to do with swedish or german social policies at this point .
