  i accept that maybe i 've let myself get worked into a panic that is n't healthy and is n't doing myself any favours in the here and now . 
  but the truth is , everything is pointing to this process ending with a fundamental redrawing of the rights we took for granted , and might make it next to impossible to live a normal family life together in * my own country * , at least any time soon . 
  it 's a hell of a shock to take in . 
  honestly though , i was n't even aware of the minimum income rule before the referendum result happened and i began to check all the possible routes we 'd need to take . 
  most people just assume if you get married - there must be no problem . 
  i could probably go into the city tomorrow and ask 1000 people if they know about this specific rule , and i 'd be lucky to find more than a handful of people would say yes . 
  it 's like you say , it 's about long-term security . 
  in that guardian piece talking to non-eu citizens about their difficulties , one says they 're * `` afraid to have children '' * , they 're so afraid that they wo n't meet the requirements for the next stage of the visa programme they 're on . 
  the uk spousal visa only lasts 2.5 years , and then needs to be refreshed , potentially twice , to take you over the 5-year threshold for an indefinite right-to-remain . 
  the idea that the continuing existence of your family life hangs on the whim of a faceless home office official , who themselves is under intense pressure to interpret the law and your situation as coldly and unbendingly as possible , is frankly terrifying . 
  yeah i think you 're right on that one . 
  it 's likely that more opportunities open up by focusing on the german option . 
  although possibly the netherlands might be simpler , because of the fact we have some dutch education , and cause of just how widespread english-speaking is ... if we opt for germany we 'd probably both need to get cracking on learning german pronto . 
  as other people said , there 's also ireland ... all depends on how the cards fall re immigration systems post-2019 . 
  if uk opts for a truly draconian policy re eu citz , it may well be significantly easier for my gf to move somewhere within the eu and for me to join her there ( wherever it may be ) , rather than the other way around . 
  of course in all of this , * marriage * starts to force its way into the equation , and much much sooner than we 'd ever expected :| bahhh , anyway , glad to hear you had such a good time in scotland  and thanks for the tips - that 's given me a lot to focus on , 
  thanks a lot for saying this . 
  moving to a third country is n't something i 've seriously considered , but maybe as we get closer to 2019 , and things start to crystallise , it 'll come to be one of the ` easier ' options . 
  my sense - at least amongst the the many international students and friends i know from my time in the netherlands - is that there 's less of a ( possibly psychological ? ), 
  barrier to moving between certain countries of the eu for work , than it is to start afresh in the uk , even though we do obviously have currently have fom at the moment . 
  again , i 'm talking about people i know seeking graduate level jobs where english skills are more important , and maybe that 's partly down to different expectations of english level from employers in mainland europe and britain ( it might be easier for non-native english-speaking eu citizens to find high level work or settle into life in the netherlands of germany than to find opportunities in the uk even now ) . 
  yeah , i think i 'll definitely keep this idea in mind . 
  it might genuinely end up being the an easier option - depending on how severe the new uk immigration system becomes . 
  though i 'll need to read up more on german or dutch rules . 
  i 've been learning german casually for a few years , but i think i might kick it up a gear over the next year . 
  dutch too . 
  thanks for the positive message though . 
  after panicking over the things that we 're losing and the options closing off to us , you calmed me down by making me see some exciting possibilities may still exist , 
  sorry , i did n't need to react like that . 
  i 'm just worked up and thought you were just trying to wind me up further , but i guess you 're not . 
  at this stage we 're simply looking for work for her anywhere in the uk , but yeah that includes ( and would preferably be ) near me in scotland . 
  but again , the problem is n't one of cost of living , or even finding somewhere to stay ( you 're right , cities in scotland are comparatively cheaper than other parts of the uk ) - it 's finding employers who are n't shit scared by the uncertainty we 're heading into , and wo n't reject an eu applicant offhand . 
  and thanks for the tips in the other comment about language in poland . 
  maybe it 's something worth keeping in mind for the future . 
  i 'll let you guess . 
  she has n't quit her job yet . 
  but she is planning to in order to spend time here and apply for work in person . 
  i explained also why the situation 's different to before our membership of the eu - the uk 's minimum income spousal rule , which has only existed since 2012 , makes it much more complicated . 
  work visas too are extremely hard to get a hold of . 
  i think my panic is justified . 
  and i 'm not english . 
  sadly i do n't speak polish . 
  at least not past the basics . 
  i am learning fast though , but honestly there 's no prospect of me getting a job in my field there . 
  you 're right , it really is n't that bad  but it is n't a realistic option . 
  & nbsp ; * edit - sorry i meant that as in , yeah poland is n't so bad  i 've really grown to love it in the time i 've spent there . 
  if you mean the situation is n't that bad ... 
  i dunno , i 'm not convinced , at least in terms of the idea of moving to poland . 
  my impression from the enquiries i 've made already are that knowledge of polish is pretty fundamental . 
  it 'll likely come down to how strict the immigration rules of each european country are , at least compared to whatever system the uk decides to adopt , that 'll make the decision for us . 
  it seems also there might be hope in the fact that ( [ if i 've understood this properly ... ] ( http://europa.eu/youreurope/citizens/residence/family-residence-rights/non-eu-wife-husband-children/index_en.htm ) ) the eu currently allows citizens to move to another eu country for work , and bring their non-eu partner with them ( in our situation that would be me post-2019 ) . 
  this conceivably gives us some options with other countries , where finding a job would be more possible . 
  hey . 
  i just stumbled on your comment ( and this post ) through doing some frantic late night googling on the topic of brexit and long-distance uk-eu relationships . 
  i 'm in a really similar situation to you - i 'm from the uk , but my girlfriend is from , and currently lives in poland . 
  funnily enough just like you we met in the netherlands when studying there together last year  the reason i found this post though ( and the reason why i 'm googling for other people discussing this on the internet at 3am on a saturday night ) , is because i am absolutely shit scared about what is going to happen to us . 
  you mention the uk rule for non-eu spouses , but i think you maybe are n't really familiar with it . 
  it 's not the incoming non-eu citizen 's income that counts , in fact that is n't considered * at all * . 
  the uk citizen ( ie . 
  me and you ) have to be earning # 18,600 / year , and for a minimum period of 6 months . 
  like i say , there 's no consideration given to the non-eu citizen 's earnings or even their ability to earn . 
  my worry is that this may well be extended from non-eu to eu citizens when we leave in 2019 . 
  my girlfriend got a job in poland after she graduated ( and a pretty good one at that ) , but i 'm still a student for the next few months . 
  we had rough but fairly concrete plans that she would move to the uk sometime in the near future and we 'd start our lives together properly ... all that has been totally blown apart by brexit . 
  since summer last year she 's been looking for jobs here , mostly in my hometown or in london , as it became clear we 'd need to move our plans forward , and quickly . 
  the job market is tough for everyone these days , but there 's been a complete , noticeable step change in terms of her ability to even get call backs as the months have passed since last summer . 
  as we get closer to article 50 being triggered , my anxiety is ramping up - potentially we 're only weeks away from the cut-off date of when eu citizens already here will be guaranteed a right to remain , and she 's still not here . 
  after that , it 's anyone 's guess what position we 'll be in . 
  sure , freedom of movement will still exist . 
  she 'll physically be able to travel here . 
  presumably the legal situation wo n't have changed in terms of being able to apply for and get work . 
  at this point we 've made the decision that she 'll quit her job in poland and to travel here in the summer time and spend however long it takes with me until she finds a job . 
  she says if it comes to it she 'll even find work in a cafe or something . 
  but even if she finds a job ... my fear is that come 2019 , she 'll be in complete legal limbo - residing and working here , but without either the legal assurances that even a temporary work visa , or eu citizenship would currently give her . 
  there 's endless questions that this raises . 
  does that mean for instance that she could n't lose whatever job she has , for fear of being deported ? 
  her dad is alone , and quite old - could she visit him in poland if she had to , without fear of not being allowed back into the uk ? 
  it also breaks my heart that it looks likely that she has to give up what is currently a great job in her home city , to travel here on a wing and a prayer of finding work of whatever kind ... just so we have a slim chance of being allowed to be together . 
  hey everyone . 
  i 'm having a bit of an ongoing crisis , and i 'm really keen - desperate even - to hear if there 's anyone on this board who finds themselves in a similar situation . 
  i 'm from the uk , but my girlfriend is from , and currently lives in poland . 
  we met nearly two years ago while we were both studying in the netherlands . 
  since that time though we 've been stuck with a long distance relationship - she returned home after graduation and was lucky to find a great job in her field . 
  meanwhile , i 'm continuing my studies from the uk . 
  we knew it was n't ideal , but we love each other , and were willing to delay our plans to properly start our lives together until i graduated . 
  it 'd also give her a little time to save up some money to help with settling in the uk when the time came . 
  what was the rush ? 
  it 's tough being 1000 miles apart , but budget flights ( god bless wizzair ) and skype calls have plugged the gap a little , and have meant we get to see each other pretty regularly . 
  we tentatively , and excitedly made plans for the future - where would we move to ? 
  what kind of apartment would we get ? 
  how many cats would we have ? 
  we even talked about kids . 
  and then , the referendum happened . 
  since last summer , i feel like our lives and plans for the future ( as loose as they were ) have completely unravelled . 
  i ca n't really begin to explain the nervousness i 'm experiencing right now . 
  we decided not long after the referendum result in june , that the only thing to do was for her to find a job here and come as soon as possible . 
  with every passing month though , the job search has become noticeably and obviously harder . 
  interviews , and even call backs , which she 's never struggled to get , have dried up . 
  my guess is that at least in many situations , employers are clueless about her right to work in the uk beyond 2019 , and so are n't keen to even take the risk . 
  now we 're conceivably days from the triggering of article 50 , and she 's still not here .
