out of interest , what would you say you 're proud of then ? 
  i think this is a ** great ** question ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) i dunno why you 're getting downvoted . 
  maybe it seems a contentious question for this sub , as i would expect most folks on here are likely very internationalist in their outlook , and perhaps a little wary of nationalism/national pride . 
  but it 's still a valid thing to wonder about , especially in how it varies country to country . 
  unfortunately , `` great '' is tied up in one of the common names of our country . 
  i 'd love to see some research or polling done on how people 's understanding ( or lack thereof ) of great britain 's etymology relates to their view of our place in the world . 
  i think there 'd be a startling correlation . 
  this maybe seems a bit over-sensitive on my part , but i mean it quite seriously - i think a lot of people in the uk * actually * believe it 's a descriptor of some past achievement , as if we were decorated with it as a badge of honour in recognition of our supposed international prowess over the centuries , and not just because we 're on the * big * ` british ' island . 
  it 's embedded itself in how people talk about the uk too and its role in the wider world . 
  `` but , we 're * great * britain ! '', 
  is something you hear quite often , when people are trying to argue the case for british exceptionalism . 
  almost as if nothing bad can befall us , because , i mean ... `` we 're great '' are n't we ? 
  as if we would n't be called that if it was n't so . 
  it 's usually a signifier that people do n't have the nearest clue to what they 're talking about . 
  i think it seriously and quite detrimentally adds to this `` us against the world '' attitude that still lingers in certain areas of british society and culture to this day . 
  in that way i think there * is * some exceptionalism about british attitudes to ourselves and others . 
  * generally * i subscribe to the [ doug stanhope view on national pride ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z_iboedb7pm ) . 
  especially what he says about attaching pride to past achievements you played no part in . 
  especially if it was in the distant past . 
  i think it 's valid though to talk of being proud of your country if it 's trailblazing and leading the way with modern issues . 
  things like free healthcare , same-sex marriage , free medical prescriptions and free university tuition in scotland , a minimum wage , all of which are relatively recent , and sadly not the norm across the world , are worth being * proud * of - if only because they are n't the norm . 
  if your country is standing up for others and for the powerless in the here and now , that is something to be * proud * of . 
  but then again , it 's a balancing act , because while there are some things that i 'm definitely proud to be able to say we have in the uk ( like i mention above ) , it 's also the case that we continue to prop up and sell weapons to plenty of [ tyrannical and repressive regimes ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/feb/07/review-halt-uks--campaign-against-arms-trade-saudi-arabia-begin-yemen ) across the world , and that we 're seeing a [ catastrophic increase ] ( https://www.trusselltrust.org/2017/04/25/uk-foodbank-use-continues-rise/ ) in dependency on food banks . 
  this , i 'm not proud of , i 'm thoroughly ashamed of . 
  peace between states that have been at war with frightening regularity for centuries . 
  it 's true that being in nato and having a common enemy/threat in the form of russia and the soviet union before it is hugely responsible for this long period of peace , but it 's a mistake to assume that military alliances are permanent . 
  the linking of european economies , first through the european coal and steel community , and then into what is now the single market , removes the underlying tensions which have led to the outbreak of endless conflicts between european states . 
  i think people who criticise this are far too relaxed about our dreadful , bloody history . 
  having the ability to live and work in 27 other countries . 
  cultural exchanges , like erasmus ( how i met my girlfriend ) . 
  also , related to number 2 , having the ability to plan our lives together ( hardly any barriers to us choosing which country to live and work in together ) is something i value * quite * highly ... shame there 's a significant risk it may disappear . 
  coordinated environment policy . 
  subsidies for renewable energy research and projects , as well as laws limiting pollution . 
  people bemoan the fisheries policy too , but the alternative is that the competitive incentive would override separate states willingness to protect critical fishing stocks . 
  european legislation on clean water standards are directly responsible for british coastline being transformed in the last 30 years . 
  removal of barriers , not only to trade , but to the flow of people which leads to greater exchange of ideas and boosts innovation . 
  it 's easier to establish business/innovation hubs and coordinate funding and research . 
  guaranteed health care ( either for free or at a reduced price ) with the european health insurance card . 
  european space agency . 
  there 's no prospect the uk alone would have been able to take part in something like rosetta . 
  it 's also not just about the missions themselves , but coordinating the incredible amount of science and research that both goes into them , and results from them . 
  common security and defence policy , which while is n't a `` european army '' , allows for significant efficiency savings in areas where there is significant overlap in national defence agency spending . 
  this is money which can then be spent on other things . 
  it 's a uk-wide election . 
  every uk citizen living here over 18 gets a vote in it . 
  and nup , we just had an election for the scottish parliament last year . 
  next one will be in 2021 . 
  this has its own schedule , independent of when a uk election is . 
  could n't agree more with everything you say . 
  as a formerly * very * apprehensive yes voter in 2014 , i 'm passionately behind independence in a way i never would have believed . 
  brexit was the final straw . 
  any slim hope or lingering sentiment i had that our future lay in the uk has melted away over the last 9 months . 
  there was a fantastic piece written about the scottish nationalism movement by neal ascherson just last week ( https://www.prospectmagazine.co.uk/magazine/scotland-normal-nation-neurotic-neighbour ) , which pretty much entirely sums up my thoughts on the situation . 
  i 'd recommend it to anyone from outside the uk who 's curious and wants to better understand the tensions that have led scotland and the uk to this point , as well as the hopes that pro-independence voters hold for the future . 
  yeah this is a good point . 
  it was n't until recently that i made a bunch of american friends at university ( all from various states ) and it really struck me how much of a sense of `` state identity '' they all actually had . 
  took me by surprise - as a non-american i always imagined people from the us as seeing themselves only really as * americans * ... and not particularly bothered about being from virginia or montana or wherever . 
  but they all had stories about what it meant to be a citizen of their state , about their traditions and habits , and also , broadly , how proud they were of the heritage of each of their home states . 
  it makes me think , that if there were enough political will , it would n't be impossible to replicate this in europe too . 
  afterall in scotland for example , i 'd say we also have an extremely strong sense of national identity , despite being in a union for over 300 years . 
  i think the two senses of identity can exist together . 
  stay , as uk . 
  rejoin , as scotland if we have to , if you 'll have us :'(, 
  i dunno if you can say that for sure . 
  i think pro-brexit pro-independence voters are more than a small minority . 
  recent polls have been showing around 33 % of snp ( scottish nationalist party ) voters for example voted for brexit . 
  it could well be that tying a new independence campaign to the idea of rejoining the eu would lose the vote . 
  well in the first place it 's often forgotten but public opinion in the uk was very much behind the war back in 2003 ( i 'm talking according to the polls . 
  the marches against it were huge but the people opposed , myself included , were the minority at the time ) . 
  it ebbed away quite quickly as the war went on . 
  as far as i can remember too , polling showed the war was n't much less popular in scotland than than it was in the rest of the uk , but i do n't have the info to hand so maybe i 'm wrong on that . 
  but i do n't buy the narrative that scotland was dragged into it totally innocently . 
  anyway . 
  as the war went on it became deeply unpopular across the uk . 
  its arguably the single killer reason for the collapse of the labour party . 
  it 's forever tarnished the legacy of blair . 
  as i remember the snp ( scottish nationalist party ) was opposed to the war from the get go ( again , just my memory , but i 'm sure they were officially anti-war ) . 
  and as time passed it became the stick to beat labour with ( their major opposition in scotland ) . 
  as the snp overtook the labour party in scotland these last 10 years or so , this sort of mythos developed about scotland being dragged into the rest of the uk 's disastrous war . 
  * again , i dunno about the polling numbers for certain , but at any rate this is the perception that developed * also importantly , note that pro-independence feeling in scotland is heavily skewed towards youth . 
  the under ~ 45s roughly . 
  opposition to the iraq war was strongest amongst the very young , from teenagers to 25 or so . 
  teenagers particularly were * strongly * against it . 
  now they 're ten years older , and can vote , with the most massive , calamitous fuck up in a long history of calamitous fuck ups bearing quite heavily on their only memory of a uk government . 
  a uk government that they believe did n't listen to them . 
  edit - bunch of typos, 
  it 's late and i 'm not gon na get into posting my own reasons at length , maybe i will tomorrow . 
  but it might be helpful for people not too familiar with uk internal politics to know the big reasons for scottish frustration/resentment with the westminster government . 
  they 're each fairly recent but the level of disdain they 've caused is often seriously overlooked , especially by outside observers , and sometimes even by english politicians . 
  the [ `` poll-tax '' ] ( http://www.bigissue.com/features/3823/poll-tax-the-battle-that-divided-britain ) ( deeply unpopular change to local taxation , tested out on scotland first by thatcher ) 2 . 
  the iraq war 3 . 
  [ uk 's nuclear deterrent ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hmnb_clyde ) being based in scotland ( and 25 miles from our biggest city ) i 'm not saying they 're necessarily my personal reasons , but in understanding why so many scots can be pro-eu but anti-uk , these are a * huge * part of the picture . 
  as for dutch news , these are maybe your best bet : www.dutchnews.nl www.nltimes.nl they are n't high on in depth long-read analysis if that 's what you 're looking for , but they give good coverage of most major daily dutch news - the first one especially . 
  for daily coverage of the current election they 're useful . 
  and i agree with antonam . 
  www.politico.eu and www.euractiv.com are maybe closest to what you 're looking for . 
  also check out www.prospectmagazine.co.uk/topics/european-politics , and the economist ( although that 's behind a paywall and only gives so many free articles per month ) . 
  i think a good idea might also be to follow specific journalists ( perhaps foreign correspondents for english speaking media ) on twitter . 
  they 'll often either write or share other interesting summaries or takes on their given country of interest with followers . 
  exactly .
