he lost it , there is an interim mayor now . 
  that 's the thing , if they 're ignorant enough not to know what a country from europe is , they are ignorant enough to believe that gypsies come from romania, 
  i do n't know who you are , but i will find you and i will make love to you . 
  thank you man , thank you so much !, 
  i was just thinking these days that probably our reputation and the way we are perceived as a culture is doomed forever and you showed up and proved me wrong . 
  thank you , again !, 
   balkan people by and large are moderate beer drinkers dude , you ca n't say that and then include romania , we drink a lot of beer . 
  we drink a lot of any alcoholic damn thing there is , in fact ... 
  yeah , odd . 
  also , the map does n't show the fact that there 's people speaking romanian from vama veche til balchik at least . 
  actually no one knows with certainty how that happened . 
  the thing is romans conquered just a part of the dacian kingdom , the majority of the people fled to the mountains in the free area of the former state . 
  problem is , after that , there 's almost a thousand years of silence . 
  romans held that part of dacia until aurelian , in 271 , not even 200 years . 
  probably in that period it happened , but there 's still a lot of uncertainty around it . 
  off-topic , but i ca n't stop thinking about this . 
  i see a lot of compassion towards greeks from other europeans , people saying that the media portrays greeks stereotypically . 
  that 's good , but what if this conversation was around romanians or bulgarians ? 
  i doubt the same people would stand at the side of my country . 
  hypocrites everywhere ... 
  thanks , brother !, 
  however , i 'm afraid this fight can not be won ... 
  that swastika though, 
  you are not entirely wrong . 
  indeed , romanian gypsies know some romanian and that helps a lot in countries like italy , spain . 
  however , there are not only romanian gypsies in europe . 
  not all of them come from romania . 
  yeah , it 's quite bad ... in a conversation where we were talking about manchester united and how many asian fans they have now and how they became a brand and so on , one guy entered the conversation referring to the club as england 's national team and i was like dude ... and i asked him if the yankees would take part into international competitions , will he label them as the us national team and he said yes and that was the end of it ... 
  actually , i chose nyc because it 's a city , there are few places in the us that are close to what we usually define or think as city . 
  i would otherwise go crazy in any other american community only because they are so quite and peaceful ( i know , it sounds weird ) . 
  as for expensiveness , it can be dealt with if you can deeply understand this city , do n't forget probably half of its population is actually poor . 
  for ex there 's a law which prohibits places selling a pack of cigarettes under 10.50 , but i know a place in downtown brooklyn that sells them for 8.00 and you can probably find even cheaper , that 's just one example . 
  anyway , thanks for the advice , at one point i thought about doing that , but i was really busy lately , probably in the future ... 
  romanian living in the us . 
  first of all , i miss my internet ( i feel like i 'm in a 3rd world country regarding internet here ) . 
  about food , i 'm not complaining much mostly because where i live ( nyc ) i get wholefoods everywhere and also nice farmer markets and i limit food buying only to those places . 
  because i can get quality ingredients i can make almost any romanian dish , so that 's nice . 
  however , i really miss restaurants . 
  here , real restaurants are expensive and considered fancy and pretentious . 
  it 's like no one understands me when it comes to this , they call `` restaurants '' places we 'd otherwise label as fast-food joints . 
  i miss the pleasure of eating a nice dish in a nice place for $ 10 . 
  also , i hate their behavior in traffic , they do n't get angry about anything and the speed limit is just ridiculous . 
  even when i 'm on the subway and the train stops in the tunnel and we wait there for like 5 min i get so angry my blood boils , i feel like revolting and stuff but they 're all either sleeping or reading or playing games on their phones or tablets it 's just crazy how passive they are i feel like nothing 's reaching them . 
  i also miss football , like talking about football ( not having to say soccer , which is insulting ) and watching it . 
  it 's true you can hook up with random people and play , but that 's just a small community , i miss the football culture . 
  anyway , there are a lot of small things , but all in all i like this place and i do n't complain about it . 
  clearly the salaries and career opportunities are huge ( just like the taxes and workload btw ) . 
  i live in manhattan and there are parts there worse than bucharest . 
  point is , be proud with your city ( if you live there ) or capital ( if not ) . 
  i know there are problems , but throughout hard times bucharest managed to keep its spirit which is remarkable , bucharest has a unique vibe . 
  well , culturally at least , it was the best period ... inequality and authoritarian problems were everywhere then , but that 's not the point of the conversation anyway . 
  yeah , and we gave the gold back . 
  there 's a lot to say , but yes . 
  up to my expectations , at least . 
  not perfect ( what politician is perfect anyway ?!, 
  ) , but until now , i am very pleased with his performance and i am confident he will stay the same or be even better . 
  yeah , that 's true . 
  i mean , i 'm part of the new generation too and i guess we just could n't remain passive like our parents . 
  maybe not necessarily passive , but we have a better understanding of the values of democracy . 
  well , to be honest , people have been working on progress since the revolution . 
  constantly , in the society there was debate and stuff but none of it seemed to take real shape . 
  it built tension and in the last years exploded . 
  people just ca n't take it anymore and there 's an insane drive for improvement . 
  now , maybe other romanians will tell you a different version of this story , but i , as an observer of the society in the last 20 years , am absolutely convinced that this is what really happened . 
  romanians are not a people of action , we are passive by nature , but when we finally decide to take action , we are a respectable force to consider . 
  as for ukraine and moldova ... the situation is almost incomparable . 
  moldova is a part of our nation that was reduced to almost zero by the soviets . 
  we should never forgive ourselves for letting that happen , it 's just crazy . 
  it 's so sad ... the only chance for them is to let us help them in any possible way and in the recent years the romanian state has really helped them and invested a lot into this . 
  with time , goodwill and help from us and the eu it 's probably doable , but it 's a long way . 
  it is , it 's probably from our pagan ancestors . 
  spring was a big thing back then . 
  i know , but op 's post is about predictions too . 
  that 's why i used the same imf predictions to show that the map does n't use what imf lists , even though it says the contrary . 
  romania 's 2016 number is [ incorrect ] ( http://www.imf.org/external/pubs/ft/weo/2014/02/weodata/weorept.aspx?pr.x=72&amp;pr.y=10&amp;sy=2012&amp;ey=2019&amp;scsm=1&amp;ssd=1&amp;sort=country&amp;ds=.&amp;br=1&amp;c=968&amp;s=ngdpd%2cngdpdpc&amp;grp=0&amp;a= ) , this year we are at over 10k , the 2016 prediction is over 11k . 
  i really do n't think that romanians or poles would go to the us and remain there illegally to work . 
  if you think that , i 'm sorry , but you do n't understand at all these matters . 
  why would we want to go to the us and stay there illegally when we can go to western europe , find a shit job and stay legally . 
  yes , wages in the us are higher , but that 's an average . 
  an unqualified eastern european worker will get the same shitty wage in the us , just like in western europe . 
  if , however , you are a doctor or an engineer , you wo n't go in the us illegally and find some taxi job , you will go either to western europe working as a doctor or engineer , or you will go to the us as a doctor or engineer with an h1 visa . 
  simple as that . 
  a friend of mine wanted to visit me in the us and he was denied a visa even though he is an ee major at politehnica bucuresti . 
  do they think he 'll stay here in the us washing dishes instead of doing engineering ? 
  probably , considering how few actual americans i see here in engineering schools . 
  most of them are either internationals from china/india or asian immigrants . 
  btw , at the embassy , near him there was a gipsy mom with 5 kids dressed as they are when they beg on the streets of europe . 
  they granted her the visa . 
  god bless america !, 
  any european who confuses romania with romani people is severely uneducated , really . 
  most western europeans today do n't know anything about the history of the eastern ones . 
  i believe it 's from the cold war isolation between us , but still . 
  we wo n't have a truly united europe if half of us knows more about other continents rather than being familiar with their own . 
  bucharest is quite dense . 
  in fact , it is probably even denser than we currently believe because the official population figure is grossly underestimated . 
  i visited st. moritz last summer and in one restaurant our italian waiter could n't explain to us what was wrong with the pos he tried to make the payment with because he only knew italian and german and we did n't speak german . 
  so i asked him to tell us in italian , slowly , and i understood all of it . 
  for some reason it was an amazing experience . 
  afterwards he continued , in italian , and said he went to romania couple of years ago and had only pleasurable experiences and complimented our people and beautiful country . 
  it was incredible , it felt as if we were brothers , an amazing feeling of belonging .
