yea the poor kippers are the next jews . 
  they suffer so much racism and hate from the polish invaders . 
  i voted remain . 
  i will be angry if brexist goes away . 
  well that 's rude ... what has a shit-covered toilet paper ever done to you ? 
  you can not start negotiation unless you leave the eu . 
  like the eu said , no informal negotiations are possible . 
  both sides presented their cases and leave said they will divert money here and there , they will take control of our borders ... etc they even said how . 
  point-based system ... etc negotiations will only take places once we formally leave the eu . 
  this can only be done by the person in charge which will not be cameron ( sine he wanted to remain ) the leave campaign siad they will do many things and have never considered things like this : http://www.thestar.co.uk/news/david-cameron-no-guarantee-sheffield-will-still-get-180m-of-european-funding-after-brexit-1-7988110 or if wales and cornwall will still get the eu funding . 
  there is literally no plans . 
  just a bunch of promises that the leave campaign is already dismissing . 
  they do not need to be prime ministers the lot of them to have had a plan . 
  we , the uk , have done nothing but bitch about the e | u despite not being forced into the refugee quota , nor were we forced to take anyone from calais . 
  in fact , we had british officers on french soil to stop anyone sneaking in . 
  we sent the rudest cunt ( farage ) to brussels to do nothing but shout and call belgium a non-country and one eu leader a rag . 
  we have been such a bad member . 
  now we leave and literally no plan . 
  nothing . 
  what resources ? 
  some of the leave camp were in senior government positions . 
  from a mayor , to minister of education or the minister of dwp . 
  one was even the minister of defence lol . 
  what sources do you want ? 
  maybe we should form up a union based on friendship , trade and shared interests then ? 
  he was just joking around . 
  him and farage did stuff like this before . 
  nope . 
  i am not sure why he voted leave lol, 
  ah nice find thanks . 
  i only mentioned regrets i heard from people i know or saw on social media . 
  i suppose regret isnt as widespread as i thought ? 
  i will edit your link into my comment anyway, 
  is it that bad ? 
  lol i was banned from there for asking how i could top up my neighbours electric key without them knowing ( wanted to help them out without awkwardness ) i know , it is a bit weird but i asked that and was banned because apparently that 's creepy . 
  i have since sent the mods there 4 messages over the last month apologising and stuff and they proper ignored me . 
  so the mods there have been dickish to me , but the users are pretty awesome . 
  my cousin and my uncle both voted leave . 
  my cousin regrets it so much . 
  my uncle does n't care and thinks its worth it . 
  so regret amongst leave is obvious . 
  i am actually still a bit shocked . 
  like from time to time i realise the mess we are in . 
  a leader who wants someone else to take over , and people taking over are already going back on their promises . 
  racism and xenophobia is on rise ( check / r/unitedkingdom for sources ) it is such a mess we have no idea what is going to happen next , but i have a bad feeling about it . 
  we already lost a rank on the economic ladder and now france is ahead of us ... edit : / u/rustyplayer2 replied with this interesting poll : https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/746808977908994048 i suppose the regret camp is far too small to be relevent ? 
  the poll above is a better source than my cousin and a youtube video . 
  bit gutted but oh well, 
  i do not support a second referendum , but people who do cite how close the result is . 
  farage said he woukd want a second referendum of remain wone by a small margin . 
  first time he made a lot of noise was when he attacked romanians so openly . 
  before that he was semi-controversial and then he said on radio show `` you would never live next to a romanian '' and the host said why not ? 
  and farage said `` you know why '' from then on he just kept going down hill , saying things of course i lost in thanet , they voters do n't speak english !, 
  he is such a dick , and he shat on romanians for so long the prick . 
  he even called belgium a non-country on tv . 
  they have been bitching , quite vocally , about the eu for like 10 years , and now they got the results they wanted , no one has a plan ? 
  they should have talked about it and known exactly what to do ... 
  i mean the leave camp should have figured cameron wo n't invoke article 50 straight away , it should have been obvious for the leave camp and now everyone is panicking . 
  i do n't know if you live in the uk or poland , or you followed uk media as much as i did , but i can honestly tell you that the right has been attacking the eu so much with such disgusting language . 
  we had the best deal in the entire union , and the right ( which were , and still are , very very vocal and loud ) the uk has been so harmful to the eu and the idea of the eu . 
  we sent voted people like farage into brussels who , if they turned up , were really rude and loud and just did n't help anything . 
  they can if tories want to lose ... 
  i was just mentioning that it is a strategy the tories could play if there were to be a general election now , the tories could play it right and have labour take all the blame completely . 
  wo n't happen though ... the best team boris could hope for is more pressure from the eu on cameron to invoke article 50 asap . 
   i think its likely to trigger a general election . 
  would n't that be great for the tories though ? 
  they can get labour to deal with this if they lose to them or something ? 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  was n't it farage who made this referendum happen ? 
  seriously ukip fuck off . 
  who does n't want a bit of cheeky nandos every now and then ? 
   we are not yet norway or switzerland , but we can be . 
  in terms of hdi norway and switzerland are the top 2 in europe , in terms of gdp per capita norway and switzerland are in the top 3 in europe . 
  they did this all with out the eu . 
  but yes , as you said `` just because it works for them does n't mean it will work for us '' that is true , but i would be willing to take that risk . 
  they have a different economic past than us . 
  we left the eu for the stupid reason ever . 
  if immigration was not discussed as a problem , then we would have remained . 
  but people think any eu citizen can walk in and get a house and benefits , which is not true . 
  people talked about refugees going into europe , as if that will be a problem for us , which it wo n't be since we had our own quota set by our own politicians . 
  the leave campaign played on false and irrational fear of immigration which is not a problem , and if it is , it has nothing to do with the eu . 
  norway is too different than us , smaller populations with loads of oil ... etc it just is all a mess , and we took a huge gamble that is not worth it . 
  immigration will not go down , not one bit . 
  we are not norway nor are we switzerland . 
  they did not play a major role in the eu then just left cos they are scared of immigrants from eastern europe . 
  just because it works for them , does not mean it will work for us . 
  the countries differ so much . 
  that excuse is very silly . 
  i do n't know . 
  the eu would be much better if people like farage turned up to work , and not just to insult eu politicians and call belgium a non-country . 
  why should they ? 
  we do not live in a perfect world where uk gets all it wants without giving other stuff in return . 
  you want access to the eu market ? 
  want to be part of one of the wealthiest , most powerful and civilised unions in the world ? 
  you have to have free movement of labour . 
  how is that problem ? 
  eu citizens cant get benefits straight away , and ones that can not have to leave . 
  we have kept people away at calais camp , and we rejected the refugee quota and are taking one of the lowest numbers in the eu over the next 4 years . 
  one of the biggest terrorists we deported was not stopped by the eu , it was stopped by a uk judge who said jordan is not safe for the prisoner ... eu was not the problem ... we took a step back today . 
  did you vote leave because of this ?
