  kurds are my friend , they are my fellow citizens . 
  however you can not sustain your argument pulling the subject without knowledge of the background of the conflict . 
  pkk is not a peaceful organization . 
  they are terrorists killing civilians and military personnel and rightfully labeled as many international institutions . 
  erdogan was the man behind that truce and the man that broke it . 
  this conflict and many failed truce efforts precede erdogan . 
  pkk is pkk and this conflict is their purpose of life . 
  all truce efforts ends up being broken because they can not cease to exist with their economical and local power gains and be done with it . 
  check your facts . 
  it is founded in 1974 . 
  you do n't have to take my comments seriously as i do n't take yours . 
  edit : please google or research your facts . 
  this conversation is being more and more pointless . 
  i wo n't go on with this if i 'm talking to a solid wall . 
  you are a terrorist sympathiser , just read about the conflict from every kind of source till you get enough knowledge about it 's history . 
  do n't digress the subject . 
  pkk is a terrorist organization and responsible for tens of thousands of murders since 1970 's . 
  this has nothing to do with erdo\u011fan or isis . 
  pkk is a terrorist organization and it 's sympathisers are terrorist sympathisers . 
  because more than 30.000 people have been killed over decades . . 
  most of us do n't give shit about erdogan . 
  hehehe ... 
  is n't it obvious ? 
  either we will go to europe or you . 
  time will tell . 
  not to ridicule you but when people smell gas that reminds some of us , people shouting mein f\u00fchrer with hand gestures . 
  of course this is in no way needs contemplating , but you ca n't hear anybody say it is connected when something happens to any jewish person . 
  however , i think neo-handgesturingpeople transformed their actions to more of finger gesturings while pointing them at people who deserve no hate with each unrelated happening . 
  which is the case , nostradamus . 
  it still is not confirmed until he wants to believe it . 
  do n't bother . 
  however , humidity and temperature creates an ideal environment for bacteria . 
  i get what everyone is saying , but they are only focusing on sterile urine . 
   fluidy body parts like our warm humid genitals neighbouring shit holes . 
  do you even read ? 
  still your fluidy body parts contain incomparable amounts of bacteria that should not be shared with others . 
  also you flush the toilet , touch the door knobs while you are there . 
  in addition , you can wash your hands before as well , if you feel them dirty . 
  he replied to temple of hephaestus link . 
  that 's greek . 
  we were talking about the pantheon in rome not the parthenon in athens  i love that one too . 
  yes they did n't , as pantheon was different 2000 years ago . 
  however , marble covering and fa\u00e7ade organization do not compare with pantheon 's architectural qualities . 
  pyramids are wonders with their construction techniques and organizations . 
  it would be illogical to compare them this way . 
  but it is still debatable which one is more fascinating . 
  [ pantheon 's dome ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/69/pantheon-panini.jpg ) was the pinnacle of structural engineering at that time , weighing 4,535 tonnes with a 9 meters hole ( oculus ) at it 's most critical point . 
  here is why i think 2000 year old pantheon is more fascinating than 4500 year old pyramids . 
  * pantheon stayed at the top of engineering list of the world for centuries , for it 's architectural qualities , construction techniques and structure . 
  however , pyramids are one of the most basic structural presences ( literally man-made hills ) , while their construction techniques and in-situ engineering are fascinating . 
  it is a wonder in terms of construction and organization , but not for it 's architectural qualities and structure . 
  * there are older and smaller pyramids with uneven shapes . 
  an earlier example is the [ bent pyramid at dahshur ] ( https://nilewavetravel.files.wordpress.com/2012/02/img_4262s.jpg ) . 
  this pyramid was started at one angle but about halfway , the angle was changed to a steeper one . 
  this is a major miscalculation led to a catastrophic failure , but that pyramid still succeeded to sustain for nearly 5000 years . 
  * the pantheon however , could never live up to this day with even a minor miscalculation . 
  the existence and geniusity behind of it was a breakthrough at first the day , let enduring 2000 years . 
  it 's engineering qualities , construction techniques are still used today and will be used for many centuries it seems . 
  even computer aided designed contemporary buildings , like sydney opera house , have problems with their age today . 
  * what gives a wonder architectural value is that , we still keep learning from the pantheon . 
  pantheon is a 2000 year old book , which will be teaching people for thousands of years about architecture . 
  while pyramids are more like books strong about egyptian history but weak in engineering , which american documentaries love to speculate ( and shitpost about with dramatic music ) . 
  this is why i think , pantheon is hundreds of times more fascinating than pyramids in terms of architecture . 
  i would n't put pyramids and greek temples in the same category . 
  one is basically stacks of stone , while other has columns , beams , ornaments and most importantly superstructures like domes . 
  do you even follow cyprus or are you just here to make noise ? 
  those questions are self explanatory . 
  it is not about sentimentality i think . 
  a romanian brand targeting it 's country and neighbours . 
  dacia 's target market has not changed with the acquisition by renault . 
  in addition , bigger market share brings convenience and resell value , which adds on continued sales , exceeding sentiment after some point . 
  sounds like a german/turkish centre-back football player written that way . 
  brb ... ... is this enough ? 
  from the cyprus or thread ? 
  [ here is the document in question . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ivgrarr.jpg ) translation :  bah\u00e7elievler provincial directorate of national education   to all public-private school and institution administrations   the complaints to the directorate show that , there are activities not related to the legislation , lessons and social activities , far from our worthy judgments , encouraged and directed by the students for some celebrations , . 
  students might be able to put different perceptions according to their economic situation ; ( such as gifts of christmas , pine ornament , etc. ), 
  under the name of fun , chance game , lottery and new year , which will prevent the classes due to term and year end and will encourage students to different habits and negative behaviors . 
  i would like to declare that there are no activities to be made that could affect them in a different way and that there is no opportunity for an error . 
    emin \u00c7\u0131kr\u0131k\u00e7\u0131  provincial director of national education so , this is not an order specifically for \u0130stanbul erkek lisesi , but all education institutions fall under this provincial director . 
  [ irrelevant to this event : here is a news report about istanbul erkek lisesi students protesting newly appointed pro-akp school director by turning their backs and applauding . 
  i mostly agree on your points , but europe needs to see turkey with it 's deeper layers , not just erdogan and his supporters . 
  most active population in turkey is against erdogan . 
  this is why erdogan is constantly fighting with academics , economists , corporations , artists , journalists etc. 
  education and prosperity is a no-no for him . 
  he is being fed from poor and uneducated population . 
  europe 's condemns , warnings or reports do not even reach there . 
  only erdogans food and clothing coupons reach that frozen twilight zone . 
  religious schools , repressed intellectuals , diminished secularism and democracy just widens the zone . 
  the further europe pushes turkey , the more erdogan settles in the swamp of philistinism . 
  and pkk is happy to play between these dynamics and fasten the anti-erdogan belts . 
   dont come crying when erdogan ** unleashes the syrians ** on you . 
  goode olde democratic vegan feminist freedom fighter racism right here . 
  you are all fucking hypocrites and killers . 
  this comment section alone shows why turks offended and heartbroken against the eu . 
  europe can not have a single moment of unconditional good faith for turkey . 
   you may not agree with a country 's politics ... and even europe condemns such attacks time to time , it becomes a laughing matter among their pkk supporters . 
   it 's funny how every attack on turkish people is `` terrorism '' and how europeans bow their knees , but when nato country turkey killed more than 1000 civilians in less than a year everything is ignored . 
  you just show your imperialistic true colours . 
  terrorism only can be committed against nato , and every nato country committing huge massacres and genocide is ignored .
