it does after 2014 . 
  however , german-turkish citizens got their citizenships through naturalization process and were able to keep their older ones . 
  however your opinion is baseless assumption built on lack of knowledge of background . 
  what i 'm saying is 1.16 million of 2.71 million turks in germany are not even turkish citizens now . 
  they are fully german and majority of them are unable to speak turkish . 
  the remaining 1.55 million have turkish passports which are barely used . 
  and i repeat ; fathers and grandfathers of those people were specifically invited there to settle . 
  but you are using those people as evidence for how will turks will settle in the eu if we are granted visa-free travel . 
  i am not blaming you , most of conservatives and nationalists in europe are freaking out like we will come and hoard their country . 
  believe me there will be a slight increase in tourists , but they will be the ones who can afford turkish passport ( most expensive to get in the world ) and travel costs . 
  and they were already traveling to the eu before , it was just a time consuming process . 
  btw ; i was just messing with you . 
  serbia is a beautiful country . 
  without visa-free travel ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  currently 2.71 million turks live in germany in which 1.55 million of them still holds turkish citizenship . 
  they were invited to germany in 60s and 70s after labour shortage and granted german citizenship . 
  this will not change anything for the turks . 
  we will just get rid of all the paperwork for visa . 
  it was not like forbidden to travel to eu . 
  as i did many times . 
  you just hate turks and do n't know what you are talking about . 
  do n't worry , turks will only travel as tourists to beautiful countries with cultural interaction . 
  so serbia is in the clear , 
  austrians are german ? 
  as a turk , i thought about them as more like hungarians . 
  preachers will always preach some shit . 
  i agree you should take care of them , but not the people . 
  all imams are appointed and all mosques are regulated by the state in turkey . 
  all imams talk on what is given to them that week . 
  just keep the mosques and crowds sterile until they realize that they are freer than before . 
  i am not being silly . 
  i 'm trying to analyze your reasoning by magnifying it . 
  what i 'm trying to say is the only way is education . 
  we have seen every kind of ban and sanctions against religion which all of them kicked back . 
  ( they were one of the reasons why erdogan is much appreciated today by elders . ) . 
  you have to educate the next generation and be cautious while dealing with extremities along the way . 
  this is the only way . 
  well then . . why do n't we go further ? 
  let 's close or demolish all mosques and holy sites around the world including kaaba , and teach muslims a lesson altogether . 
  also burn all of the islamic books including qurans . 
  that will surely end all the extremities . 
  do n't you think ? 
  now according to your point of view , this should work as well , just in a bigger scale . 
  let them look for new jobs then . 
  if you punish and fire them instead of the boss , you would only make new enemies . 
  just let them make kebabs . 
  best ones belong to syrians . 
  even if you would try to smoke him with atomic bombs , nothing would happen to erdogan . 
  only innocents suffer in this country . 
  most of those innocents may be idiots that support him , but they are still innocents by their intentions and with lack of education . 
  he is an electrical engineer . 
  the country needs the experience of qualified people more than the pocket money they will be sending to their families . 
  putin needs to check his priorities and fix the wealth gap in the country . 
  he needs to pay this respectful guy his share instead of creating his own political super riches . 
  well ... it says poll was on dec 22 , 2015 . 
  plz stahp you 're making me hungry :(, 
  so what ? 
  it depends on which kebab . 
  i want to be a shish kebab or else i will be offended too . 
  good points . 
  now let 's mirror it to see another logical standpoint . 
   pkk has no legitimate grievance in turkey . 
    pkk has no business being in turkey . 
    pkk is unwelcome in turkey . 
  it seems we wo n't get rest until bataclan is safe . 
  hang in there french brothers . 
  we were just going to bed . 
  now we ca n't sleep . 
  our most sincere condolences to france ... we know its hard , as being witnesses of recent ankara bombings . 
  we took them but they still belong to you , so we can continue f-16 dogfights with our greek brothers . 
  this is how we show our love to our most beloved neighbours . 
  nah too windy ... 
  some theorists say that if we move the country without docking it to a landmass , we might float away uncontrollably . 
  many of our top strategists and geographers are working on the most suitable and fitting solutions for that . 
  it is clear . 
  we do n't want any neighbours . 
  it has been a subject to many memes for years . 
  http://m.imgur.com/txjgg2b?r ( this was about hiding the country behind chile while erdogan was on a diplomatic trip in africa . ), 
  https://galeri12.uludagsozluk.com/510/geceye-bir-foto\u011fraf-b\u0131rak_825505.jpg https://img-s2.onedio.com/id-55b63bf21f43bea36ea63be7/rev-0/w-500/s-739bd3ff9f41ab5f8175034754c561689f109d89.jpg https://img-s1.onedio.com/id-55b7ca9232f9988d352eb09c/rev-0/w-500/s-977e1621a6c7ac40570b12793213cd8b3567966d.jpg, 
  across the border ? 
  they are inside the borders . 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkey\u2013isil_conflict edit : so i 'm being downvoted just because i shared a wiki article . 
  what is oyak ? 
  is it that ordu yard\u0131mla\u015fma kurumu corporation ? 
  edit : nvm ... found out what happened . 
  it 's around $ 3 per pack in turkey . 
  max $ 4 . 
  still more than % 80 of that money is tax . 
  overpriced cigarette ? 
  dude this is / r/europe . 
  you may be smoking cheaper cigarettes than the people reading your comment . 
  never fear , presidente is here . 
  yes !, 
  greece is our well mannered brother . 
  we love to drag them in our shit , so we can be together . 
  i 'm not justifying erdogan 's actions . 
  i 'm not calling hate on peaceful kurds . 
  finally , turkey is fighting isis in its borders . 
  this conversations always end up how peaceful kurds such as pkk is being oppressed and killed by turkish state .
