  why do you think that dropping from $ 0,70 to $ 0,05 did n't impact prices - in fact , prices have gone down substantially - but dropping from $ 0,05 to $ 0,00 will have the opposite effect ? 
  that was the earlier counterproposal from the telcos , but this time the eu stuck to their position , and there are no limits as long as you habitually use the service in its home country . 
  a fair use policy can apply if someone has an unlimited data package and uses a very large amount of roaming compared to their home usage . 
   pretty sure all operators will just start selling cheap data packages and then putting the price higher for those without data plans . 
  it does n't matter whether the user is paying a la carte or using a data bundle , from june 15 they will be able to pay the same amount for use in their home country as in other eu countries . 
  if the user pays $ 0,05 / mb at home in spain then that 's what they 'll pay in france . 
  if the user has a data package for 1gb for use in spain then when they go to france it keeps counting out of that 1gb at no extra cost . 
  chances are they will drop the fee automatically , but if they do n't , from june 15 you can remove that add-on and continue to use your bundle throughout the eu at no extra charge . 
  it clearly says on that page that there can be no extra charge for roaming , and that the only way a company can prevent its user from roaming at no charge is by not offering roaming service to that customer at all . 
  correct . 
  you would no longer need to pay that 10 euros . 
  that will not hold up as it 's a direct violation of the spirit of the rule . 
  all the dutch companies that have started offering free eu roaming in advance of the june 15 date , also include switzerland . 
   in canada they charge you to make and receive calls . 
  that was a sound idea in theory . 
  the idea was to give customers control over the full cost of using their mobile service , rather than putting them at the mercy of the company selected by people they called . 
  and eventually in most markets with this pricing model ( usa , china , singapore , etc. ), 
  it 's converged on unlimited voice minutes for most customers . 
  but in the eu and most of the world they took a different approach , and directly regulated the amount that companies could charge each other , so consumer choice was taken out of the equation . 
  for a long time per-minute charges in these countries were higher than in those where customers paid for both incoming and outgoing calls . 
  these days they 've been regulated close to zero in most advanced markets , creating the same result at the end of the day . 
  i do n't know much about the canadian mobile market but from what people are saying here about prices , the free market approach failed to benefit consumers there . 
  nafta provides for substantially simpler migration between canada and the usa than existed before . 
  wo n't be allowed . 
  any data use has to be charged the same abroad as at home . 
  except in the many situations when companies figure out how to get more money out of people by fucking them than by providing better service . 
   you think because the eu bureaucrats say the price will be zero , it will be zero ? 
  obviously the companies are n't going to reduce their profit margins so now everyone will just pay more in their regular phone bills , roaming or not . 
  i have n't seen them raising prices over the past few years when roaming charges have been brought to near-zero from their highs around 2000 . 
  why do you think the last little bit will be any different ? 
   that 's what protectionism does . 
  it 's like a hidden tax which is then used for investment . 
  it 's more like a hidden tax that causes money to evaporate in deadweight loss . 
  dutch id card can be used for travel to turkey , as well as to non-schengen eu/eea countries like uk and ireland . 
  you 're replying to someone from greece , saying that the 14th letter of the greek alphabet ( xi ) is not a letter ? 
  how does a 2-bedroom 30m2 house work ? 
  that 's really tiny . 
   if one state is a manufacturing hub for instance , and a politician proposes manufacturing cuts - in this made-up scenario - it would affect that state more than another . 
  typically that would affect the region too , though . 
  if chicago or louisville suffers , that affects indiana . 
  and if manufacturing in general changes , then the effects would be felt across parts of every state . 
  early results tend to swing right because they 're from smaller towns . 
   if hillary clinton for instance had all of new york , pennsylvania , florida and california voting for her - but all other states voted for trump , would n't you say , `` hold on , she has more people , but they 're all concentrated in these areas - clearly this is n't a representative sample of the united states , as each state has its separate issues '' ? 
  i would n't personally say that , because i do n't think most people 's issues start and stop on state borders . 
  if anything , the greatest division these days seems to be urban vs rural . 
  a rural person in georgia has more in common with a rural person in california than they do with someone in atlanta . 
  sp are crazy though . 
  euthanasia is not the make-or-break issue for d66 though . 
  and the urban party 's logo appears to be a nuclear holocaust . 
   people are naturally liberal/conservative your argument seems based on the idea that all people divide themselves along this one line , and it 's the only thing they care about ( politically ) . 
  the netherlands has socially liberal parties , socially conservative parties , fiscally liberal parties , fiscally conservative parties , single-issue parties , and various combinations of the above . 
  in real life different people care about different things more than others . 
  having a range of parties lets people 's voices be heard without voters having to make difficult compromises or `` vote for the lesser of two evils '' as they do in the american two-party system . 
  it 's much more democratic and it 's survived for a long time . 
   does n't this mean that a politician who is unpopular amongst other parties , but has won 74 seats , for example , of his own accord , can be blocked from becoming prime minister by a coalition of all other parties ? 
    is n't that unfair ? 
  less unfair than hillary clinton winning 2.5 million more votes than trump and still losing the election . 
  every system is going to have some edge cases . 
  in the case of your hypothetical , i do n't think it 's the worst thing that a party which fails to attract half the votes , and is deeply unpopular with the other voters , does n't get to choose the pm . 
   do they actually have a chance to win though ? 
  based on the exit polls , animal rights and pensioners parties are both going to have some seats in parliament , so yes . 
  almost all americans have only two choices that have any chance of winning anything . 
  in the netherlands any of those people , from any of those parties , could get into parliament . 
  the netherlands has one of the most compromise-based , stable , mild governments there is . 
  the only extreme thing about it is how proportional the representation is . 
  the main reason it 's a particularly big issue here is that our parliamentary election is on wednesday . 
  given all the words about muslims and immigrants that have been flying during the campaign , the idea of a turkish-sponsored political rally this week was considered to be injurious to the fair conduct of the election ( because it may sway people one way or the other ) . 
  just imagine the turkish reaction if some foreign government decided to hold a big political rally in istanbul a few days before their election . 
   then why should n't we require drivers also wear fireproof garments ? 
  or kneepads ? 
  do n't ask me , i 'm not the one who said we should force bicyclists to wear helmets . 
  i do n't understand the argument you 're trying to make . 
  helmets would , according to you , save lives on bikes ( though the evidence for that is shaky ) . 
  helmets would , by the same reasoning , save lives in cars . 
  but because cars already have two different safety features , helmets should n't be required there ? 
  do you believe that there should be at most two safety features and then we stop ? 
  seat belts and airbags already exist , and still , head injuries are as common in cars as on bikes . 
   as long as the bicycle uses the same roads as the other types of traffic , helmets should be mandatory . 
  head injuries are as common in cars as on bikes . 
  so i assume you also believe that everyone in a car should wear a helmet . 
  refugees are preferentially settled outside of the largest urban areas for a number of reasons : * cost of living * concern over ghettoization * availability of more buffer space between adapting refugee populations and the locals, 
  that 's not the reason . 
  the sounds are painstakingly sculpted in many lovely and subtle ways by the gentle influence of all the nearby letters . 
  where else are you going to read long articles about 1950s dutch singers ? 
   the doctor suggested he should stay home . 
  ( sounds affected in ame ) sounds like the most normal way to say it in american english , to my ear . 
  perhaps now we 're into regional variations . 
  your damnable tootery . 
  well , it depends on what you are after , of course . 
  if your idea of quality of life is having a totally generic experience in which everything goes smoothly and you are never confronted with anything interesting , surprising , or distinctive , then frankfurt may well fit the bill . 
  those surveys consistently favor boring places . 
  it 's like if you surveyed everyone in the world over the best meal to eat : you 'd end up with white rice and boiled chicken . 
  frankfurt suffers from poor quality of life by european urban standards , unless all you want to do is go to work and sleep . 
  if it works for them , then it 'll continue . 
  i fail to see how it will swing the trade deficit in the uk 's favour . 
  the effective discount where your goods are not subject to import duty . 
  if you are running a trade deficit , i do n't see how leaving the common market is going to reduce it . 
  no , nobody 's going to ban trade . 
  however , it will lose its effective discount . 
  you 'll be paying taxes to other countries on those goods movements .
