  personally i 'm more concerned about everyone else . 
  i do n't understand how people can get worked up about things like this . 
  it is not a binding label ; you are not somehow going to be forced to vote for accelerated eu integration at each future referendum . 
  interestingly , every single box in that photo that i can read , is available in the usa . 
   surely call charges will be far lower in some parts of europe than others , because of wage differences ( and other factors such as population density ) . 
  they do n't really follow any such patterns now . 
  they depend much more on the direction set by each national regulator . 
  there are rich countries with cheap service and poor countries with expensive service . 
  norwegians mobile operators are winners in this game because norway has more outbound than inbound tourism . 
  when norwegians travel to other countries , they pay their norwegian mobile operator 3 or 4 times the billed cost for roaming usage . 
  when foreigners come to norway and use their foreign phones , the norwegian operator earns a smaller amount . 
  companies in countries like spain are in the opposite situation . 
  coming from the country with the most expensive mobile service , that 's exactly what i plan to do !, 
   a bakery , butcher or green grocer . 
  i have few complaints about the fresh fruits , vegetables , breads , fish and meat that we get at the market and at the bakery , and which make up the vast majority of our diet . 
   jumbo , deen , aldi dekamarkt or c1000 ( they all sell different products ) . 
  this i disagree with . 
  well , aldi has some weird stuff , but the others overlap almost completely . 
  i 'm within a few minutes walk of ah , aldi , vomar , deen , and deka , and visit each one pretty much every week . 
  there are a handful of unique items i get at each one , but generally it does n't matter except for the few cent differences on price . 
  and annoyingly , whenever there 's something i enjoy , they all discontinue it at the same time . 
  so clearly the distribution chain is pretty monolithic . 
   small ethnic shops , turkish , maroccan , spanish , surinamese , chinese , japanese etc. 
  the larger branches of amazing oriental incorporate all the asian as well as some surinamese and other stuff , at lower prices compared to the dusty small shops . 
  for example , a large bottle of california sriracha is around $ 3,50 at amazing and usually close to $ 6 everywhere else . 
   there is enough diversity of you know where to look . 
  i promise you i have been everywhere you mention and then some . 
  i ca n't dance , i ca n't tell you who won the last the world cup , but if there 's one thing i can do , it is know exactly where to find every single available food item in the city where i 'm living . 
  this is a skill born of long years of living in many different countries and having to build mental food maps in each new place . 
  my main complaints are in packaged foods , which are very limited here . 
  i know these are n't the healthiest but there are some things which i enjoy and it 's frustrating that the selection is so limited . 
  it 's a small country and that makes it more difficult to stock huge varieties of goods , but it 's still irritating . 
  i do not count the high-street specialty import stores ( the ones that do us and uk items ) because they are so expensive in this country as to be basically useless . 
  what 's slanina ? 
  and when you 're buying baby food in an italian supermarket you can choose rabbit and horse meat . 
  done : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1fa4lj/breakfast_cereal_selection_across_europe/, 
  [ at a pretty large vomar in the netherlands ] ( http://i.imgur.com/714hy8e.jpg ) . 
  give or take a few boxes , this is basically the same selection as in any dutch supermarket . 
  only the names of the store brand ( markant in this case ) change from one supermarket to the next , but even the specific varieties they offer are the same across all the different in-house brands . 
  that is , the `` vezels en fruit '' cereal under the markant brand at vomar is 100 % identical to the corresponding offering under the perfekt band at deka , the de beste brand at deen , and so on . 
  for all i know they 're all made in the same factory . 
  sorry for the cut-off photo ; the aisle was n't wide enough for me to do any better . 
  there was n't one nearby , so i have n't spent a lot of time there , but in my occasional visits i did n't notice it being much different . 
  i 'll go take a picture of the dutch cereal aisle right now and post it in a few hours , to get us started . 
  weird , i have lived in france and none of the hypermarch\u00e9s near me ( leclerc , eds , carrefour ) had even 20 % of the cereal options you 'd find in a us supermarket . 
  in big cities the selection is even worse . 
  basically in the best case in france you get : * flakes in a few different textures/compositions * each of the above in chocolate versions , maybe one with dessicated berry husks * excessively-sweet muesli with/without chocolate/nuts * insufficiently-sweet muesli flavored with hay or roasted cotton or something * a handful of nestle abominations which all taste like dish soap * over-chocolated `` tresor '' * a few other over-sweet kids cereals * store brand versions of many of the above * golden grahams ( the only saving grace ) in spain it 's similar except about half the options . 
  in the uk , as i said , there is some legitimate variety . 
  i know , and it 's not my place to force it on europe , but it does depress me nevertheless . 
  after living in north america , the middle east , australia , and asia , where i could get some decent variety of cereal , it 's hard to change patterns so late in life . 
  when i lived in the usa i do n't think i ever went into a supermarket before midnight , unless i was quickly looking for one or two items in a pinch . 
  it 's very nice to do the shopping late at night when it 's less crowded and there 's nothing else to do . 
  why would i want to waste valuable outdoors or social or work time on something like that ? 
  plus it provides more jobs . 
  there are people who would rather work the third shift than be unemployed , better to give them the option . 
  i 've never seen a supermarket in the usa that had even the same order of magnitude of cereal choices as a small american supermarket , except in the uk . 
  where are these european supermarkets with choices of cereal ? 
  not in italy , spain , france , belgium , the netherlands or germany , i can confirm that . 
  you 'll rarely find more than 20 kinds , usually closer to 10 . 
   there are a couply of superstores that are similar ( oh albert heijn xl how i love thee ) i finally visited an albert heijn xl ( gelderlandplein , amsterdam or amstelveen , not sure where the border lies ) and it was quite a disappointment . 
  instead of more variety , it was just a much larger store than the other albert heijns , with each item repeated across more lateral shelf space . 
  there were maybe 2 % more actual different items than at a typical mid-size albert heijn . 
  my problem with supermarkets in the netherlands is n't the size , it 's the lack of product diversity . 
  every time i go to france or germany i load up on groceries to bring back , just so we can taste something different for a while . 
  in the cereal aisle ? 
  very depressed . 
  there 's no variety , maybe 10 or 20 cereals total , of which a handful might appeal to any one person . 
  that means the same breakfast again and again and again . 
  there 's a limited number of reporters and a limited amount of space in the newspaper . 
  how many times should the same protest receive front-page coverage ? 
   it 's not free speech if you 're not allowed to express yourself freely , no matter what you say and no matter who might disagree with you . 
  i do n't think anyone has said that the protesters should be arrested . 
  the person you responded to merely said he/she was happy to see that nobody was paying very much attention to the protest . 
  are you arguing that it 's only free speech if everyone 's forced to pay a lot of attention to anything anyone says ? 
    the man who shot himself was insane  please . 
  that 's as rhetorically low as you can go and barely constitutes an argument . 
  in fact it 's pretty much a tautology . 
  anyone who would choose to shoot himself because some other people he does n't know might get married , is pretty much textbook insane . 
   i 'm intellectually and morally superior to at least 65 % of my peers . 
  can you show us the calculations that led to this conclusion ? 
  thanks . 
   the french police say 150k , the organisers say 1mil . 
  those numbers would make those pics credible . 
  those pictures are definitely not showing a million people . 
  a million is a very big number . 
  it may not be necessary to devote a huge amount of coverage to repeats of the same protest . 
  at some point it 's no longer news . 
  there 's a lady who 's been sitting in front of the white house protesting nuclear weapons for something like 20 years . 
  once in a while there 's a story about her , but do you think she should she be on the front page of the washington post every morning ? 
   the size of the crowd is bigger than i expected . 
  also , the number of young people in the crowd is a little surprising . 
   why would i need more ? 
  two people in one household ? 
  eu has no immigration policy . 
  individual member countries do , and they 're all different . 
   this is like saying spanish spanish for spanish not is south america people outside of europe regularly do say `` castillian spanish '' ( or less formally , `` spain spanish '' ) when they want to refer to the variant spoken by the small percentage of the global spanish-speaking population who live in spain . 
  i realize that this groups many regions of spain together , ignoring the differences between them , but that 's how it is . 
   i meant instead of calling it english , the american english should just be called american . 
  that confuses the issue needlessly . 
  should canadians say they speak canadian instead of english ?
