  it could be used for political purposes . 
  or someone with a grudge and connections in the police department could use it for personal reasons . 
  my right to privacy in this case trumps the police 's hope for shorter working days . 
  i know you can study in germany for free or near-free . 
  and they have many programs conducted in english . 
  if someone 's paying $ 114000 for a car , then i think our concerns for fairness are best directed elsewhere . 
   i 'm dutch , but i buy most of my books and dvd 's from the uk . 
  i also know lots of people who go on shopping sprees in germany also , amazon.de has free delivery to nl . 
  not exactly as serious as funding for syrian rebels or the financial crisis , but over [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/1f9408/as_a_european_in_an_american_supermarket_this_was/ca81ee4 ) we were debating the quality of cereal options in various european countries . 
  i promised to upload a photo of the situation in netherlands so people could compare . 
  pic in comments . 
  it is made up . 
   what is bugging me is the difference between ` citizen ' and ` national ' in this context the terms are almost certainly interchangeable . 
  if you have an italian passport you are an eu national . 
  however you may not be a resident . 
  that depends on where you 've been living recently . 
   both london and berlin subways have platforms that are shared by several lines . 
  i think this is very common . 
   they might send you a new one , but how many terminals accepts the new contactless card ? 
  here it 's nearly every single one . 
  most places i 've been in europe either have the old terminals or no terminal . 
  every terminal i 've seen recently here in the netherlands takes contactless . 
  i was just in hungary and it was widespread there as well . 
  but by the time chip readers are starting to make it into american stores , the rest of the world is going contactless . 
  yes but the big win in uk is how you can use the same mechanism to pay for public transit . 
  in london it even automatically switches you to an all-day pass if you 've spent more than that amount on rides . 
  after three tube rides it 's basically free . 
  look at it [ without national borders ] ( https://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/conworld/images/a/a6/1280px-world_map_blank_without_borders.svg_-_copy.png/revision/latest?cb=20141226145853 ) . 
  the case for peninsulahood is not difficult to make . 
  and i wonder if they are reversing the causality there ... 
   i do n't think there is anyone who 's studied geography would consider the whole continent of europe a peninsula . 
  i 'd say it 's exactly the opposite . 
  the more you 've studied geography the more likely you are to consider eurasia a single geographic entity . 
  sure , i mean geographically europe is a little nub on the western edge of asia ; there is no geographic justification for calling it a continent ( if the urals thing made sense then every continent with mountain ranges , i.e. 
  all of them , would be divided many times over ) . 
  culturally , of course , it 's another thing altogether . 
  this is not something to get upset over . 
  chinese often have this idea that there is something inherently great about being a single huge country that has subsumed many different cultures . 
  in fact it 's caused them a lot of grief and the outcomes for most of those cultures have been poor . 
  but nevertheless it is comforting for them to nurture the idea that it 's a superior structure . 
  i 'd say spain or italy . 
  remarkable how different it is in spain vs portugal - in the latter it feels much easier to function in english . 
  nld : depends on the train conductor . 
  some , happily , will tell them to turn it off or leave the carriage . 
  others ca n't be bothered . 
  how mutually intelligible - if at all - are finnish and estonian ? 
   generally flemish people speak french ** against ** the french is that to imply they have somehow weaponized their french accent ? 
  it 's true , borders tend to be in areas with historically lower populations . 
  even now you can look at a map and see that major cities are usually not on borders . 
  tourism is great , it 's a comparatively low-environmental-impact export that strengthens links between nations . 
  given the choice between jet engine emissions and factory emissions i 'd choose the former . 
  i think it varies a lot by country . 
  in high-functioning countries where we get a lot for our taxes , `` taxation is theft '' is mostly a fringe position . 
  in other countries where the government is seen as wasting all the people 's money on corruption and incompetence , views are very different . 
  european universities generally do not create such a strong community of students in the same way that american ones do . 
  students in europe are more likely to commute , do not spend much time on campus after hours , and focus relatively more of their time on academics than the full spectrum of activities that characterize american campus life . 
  the result , for better or worse , is that there 's less of a bond afterwards between alumni and institution . 
  yes it is . 
  i do n't care - it 's up to them . 
  if not learning the language means they are cutting themselves off from social and economic opportunities , that 's their choice to make . 
  expats are there for work and plan to go home eventually . 
   well majority are n't without it either . 
  it ca n't be both ways , unless you 're claiming that exactly 50 % of europeans have air conditioners . 
  i 'd believe it 's not in the majority of people 's homes . 
  netherlands here . 
  what 's an air conditioner ? 
   it does n't have anything to do with being # 1 or belief that we have attained perfection . 
  for a great many people , it is a lot less nuanced than what you present , and does indeed distill down to a simple belief that the usa is # 1 because the usa is # 1 . 
   the logic there is so that when people get their first car at 16-18 years old they ca n't start drinking and causing problems all the time so that they develop a more mature sense of handling a vehicle before they can legally drink . 
  then they should let 16-year-olds choose between either getting a drinking license , or a driving license , but not both . 
   when people asked me how are you i answered green and nobody cared . 
  they thought you were a jerk and moved on with their lives . 
  there 's no higher cost to the merchant for accepting the foreign card . 
  it 's a money grab by airbnb , plain and simple . 
  they are coercing dcc . 
  i 'm surprised the credit card companies are allowing it . 
  only place walkable enough for me is new york city , and i did love living there for a few years in the past . 
  but the school situation is untenable ; living in a neighborhood with decent schools jacks the property prices up to unaffordable levels . 
  so it 's not happening . 
  amsterdam is nothing but water . 
  went for a nice long boat ride today and saw hundreds of people swimming in the rivers . 
   i think you would get more answers on / r/iwantout . 
  most people there are americans in europe . 
  i think most people there are frustrated aspiring expats in their parents ' basements . 
  my suggestion would have been to leave things alone , because the volume of travel enquiries was minuscule . 
  and if it came to overshadow other topics , well , then that 's what people wanted to know from europeans . 
   how happy are you with the weekly travel thread , is there any way we could improve ? 
  i know many people will get annoyed with me for this , but i find the weekly travel thread idea so distasteful that i 'm unsubbing / r/askeurope . 
  it tells me that as this sub grows , it 's going to be micromanaged counter to the organic interests of the users , which is n't interesting to me . 
  / r/europe seems like a better place for me . 
  good luck though . 
  maybe in a few years i 'll be back kicking myself for a fool . 
  not that far from amsterdam you can go for pretty long walks in the [ noordhollands duinreservaat ] ( http://www.pwn.nl/consument/natuur/gebieden_beheer/paginas/noordhollands-duinreservaat.aspx ) which has some large areas where you 'll almost never see anyone , except on an unusually sunny weekend day when the numbers of visitors are higher . 
  i love living in high-density areas ; i 'd hate to have to live anywhere else . 
  i also appreciate that by doing so , i am being much kinder to the earth than people of equivalent means who live in low-density areas . 
  as for china , i do n't think the direness of their environmental situation has much to do with population density . 
  it 's more about how they manage resources . 
  i have n't had these problems . 
  i buy almost all of my international train tickets in europe online . 
  you just have to go to the correct national operator 's site .
