  of course it 's fucked over . 
  a critically large share of the uk 's trade relationships are with the eu . 
  companies have contracts and contacts and it would take many , many years to re-orient . 
  so their choices are : - keep pushing the pound low enough to make up for the increase in trade friction so they can continue selling to the eu ... or - take a poor man 's norway deal which means that they are going to have all the things about being in the eu that they do n't like ( structural fund contributions , free movement of persons , regulations from brussels ) and none of the benefits ( development subsidies , a veto over major decisions , generally a seat at the table ) ... or - become very poor for many years while they wait for the usa to decide to buy stuff from them instead of from china for some reason . 
  would have helped . 
  the vote was 48-52 . 
  the middle aged and the old already came out and voted . 
  if i did n't think my opinion was the right one , i 'd have a different one instead . 
  we do n't have to flood the whole place . 
  there 's quite fine-grained control of which areas get flooded . 
  just enough to slow you down until we can distract your army with our special brigade of david hasselhoff impersonators . 
  there are two groups of people you see wearing plastic bicycle hats in the netherlands : 1 ) sport racers , almost always outside the city , riding on the long open paths between towns . 
  these are the same people who wear plastic underwear on the outside to match their hats . 
  2 ) children 3 and under . 
  logically , rice with things is sometimes paella . 
  are you really sure you want to do two full commutes a day ? 
  i think it 's up to the nordishmen to choose . 
  it 's possible to negotiate deals with specific carriers in most markets . 
  most of the non-eu roam-like-home destinations happen to be markets where regulators have favored free market competition for termination rates ( usa , canada , china , hong kong , singapore , australia , etc. 
  ) , and that 's probably not a coincidence , but it 's been a long time since i worked on this stuff , so i wo n't try to puzzle out why . 
  if the eu rule changes had n't happened , bringing down the wholesale costs that underlie retail roaming charges , the companies would n't have offered their own deals ; it would have been too expensive . 
  yes , as of june 15 . 
  and only while roaming within the eu , not at home . 
  nope , the local rate , which is what a call within austria costs . 
   that 's international calling though , not roaming . 
  are you sure about this ? 
  can you link me a source on it ? 
  well , it 's international calling * while * roaming . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_roaming_regulations#prices  outgoing calls to any eea number : home network local rate, 
  there is no charge for receiving calls on landlines anywhere in the world that i am aware of . 
  i agree that it 's confusing , i used to work with this regulation stuff otherwise i would not have it all clattering around in my head . 
   plenty of providers in the nordics , including norway , provided cheap roaming-free services . 
  this only started once the eu started implementing roaming caps over the past decade , and the writing was on the wall that roaming would end eventually . 
  the american fixed broadband market is regulated to prevent competition , the unfortunate consequence of regulatory capture there . 
  okay , i do n't think it would be a good idea to have home broadband packages that only included accessing web sites in your own country , and made you pay extra to access foreign web sites . 
  it means you will be able to keep using your italian sim card in greece at no extra charge ; you will no longer have to get a new one in each country to avoid roaming fees . 
  yes , you can surf for free in other countries as long as you still plausibly are based in belgium . 
  that is , if you spend the next 9 months in spain , you will probably get charged the $ 7,7 / gb roaming fee eventually . 
  but if you go on one-month trips , then yes . 
   so now that there will be no roaming fees will telephone operators in finland still be able to offer unlimited data without having an significant price increase ? 
  time will tell . 
  it will probably depend on how people use it and on how they 're able to tailor the fair usage limit implementations to the situation . 
  it takes effect june 15 . 
  do you actually love that so many europeans ' phone calls are being processed by mark zuckerberg ? 
  that 's a lot of contact pattern data we 're giving him . 
  not here they did n't . 
  they 've been steadily decreasing . 
  [ false ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_union_roaming_regulations#prices ) . 
   so if i have a contract in austria , and i travel to sweden , i can use my data like home and call and sms other austrian phone numbers like home . 
  but calling a swedish one would be an international call so would still cost a fortune . 
  right ? 
  nope , there can also not be a surcharge for calling to an eu number while you are traveling in the eu . 
  if you travel to sweden , then calling swedish numbers will cost the same as it costs you to call an austrian number when you are at home in austria . 
  as long as you are traveling in the eu , calling another eu country is also regulated . 
  it can not cost more than a local call at home would be . 
  so if you are from france and you travel to germany , then while you are in germany , calling france or greece or spain will cost as much as it would cost you to make a france call within france . 
  the usa had a national telephone monopoly until a few decades ago . 
  europe , being separate countries , never had any such thing . 
  if the plan has roaming at all , then eu roaming usage ca n't cost any more than , or be billed differently from , usage in the home country . 
  presumably one available in the first country where you are spending time . 
  it wo n't even get around the new rules on the first day ; it 's a blatant violation of the rules and any customer would be entitled to a refund . 
   actually the spanish government was the most reluctant to pass this , and the spanish telecoms lobbied heavily against it , they calculated that they are going to provide service to millions of european tourists . 
  how much does the spanish economy earn from these tourists ? 
  anyway , spanish telcos will be compensated $ 0,0077 / mb for the data roaming that eu tourists consume . 
  clearly their costs are lower than that , it 's evident from the prices they offer to their own customers . 
  this post , including the first 200 comments that load by default , but sans images and javascript , currently loads in 73kb ( 0.071 mb ) . 
  text does n't take up much space , and it 's gzipped in transit to compress it much further . 
   and before 9/11 crossing the border was just a few quick questions about how much you are going to spend and bring back . 
  i 'm talking about migration , not quick visits . 
   it 's the best innovation for you and me , travellers . 
  okay , let 's hear your idea about the best innovation in roaming . 
   now , my grandfather of 86 ( i think ) who never travels is part of the group that pays for roaming . 
  i think he 'd much rather have a lower price then a service he never uses . 
  he may also state a preference to only have access to danish internet content , with an extra charge to access content hosted outside of denmark , which could bring down his broadband bill . 
  but in fact his internet use ( assuming he uses it ) benefits tremendously from the barrier-free interaction of the global internet . 
  the legal changes that opened up competition in the european telecom market mostly happened in the first part of the 1990s , before mobile phone service was widely accessible . 
  the wholesale ( inter-carrier ) price cap is $ 0,0077 / mb ( 7,70 / gb ) . 
  telcos are free to negotiate lower rates with their roaming service partners . 
  telcos are not required to allow free unlimited roaming in the eu ; customers with an unlimited data plan may be charged that wholesale rate after a threshold which the telco currently has considerable latitude to select . 
  you are being fed misinformation . 
  instead of reading their pr team 's editorial pieces , read the actual regulations . 
   which is a red herring to direct attention from the actual problem . 
  why is it a red herring if telcos are not required to provide unlimited roaming data ? 
  that gets directly to the core of the matter . 
   source : i used to work on this business . 
  well , evidently you worked in this business before the new ruling . 
  what you describe is no longer permitted as of june 15 . 
  what sort of innovation is being stifled here ? 
  the best innovation in roaming would trend prices towards zero . 
  now they are zero . 
  and do n't forget that telcoms pricing has a multiplier effect in the overall market . 
  many other industries benefit from this . 
  not all differentiation factors are good for the market . 
  i do n't think we need to let restaurants compete on the basis of kitchen hygiene , for example . 
  regulate that shit . 
  the regulations do not require unlimited data roaming at no cost . 
  read the [ fair use provisions ] ( https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/news/roaming-implementing-regulation ) . 
  your telcos were lying to you in hopes of getting domestic support for their lobbying efforts . 
   prices of mobile phone contracts in finland going through the roof shortly . 
  the eu-mandated roaming price cap has gone from $ 0,70 in 2012 to $ 0,20 in 2014 to + $ 0,05 today .
