  that 's fine , we are perfectly happy to accept an independent brussels surrounded by provincie vlaanderen , where people talk funny . 
  we already put up with the limburgers . 
  i do n't think they 'd care nearly as much as the israelis and palestinians do about jerusalem . 
  so if someone asks you `` what 's the best kind of pizza ? '', 
  you would refuse to answer until you have tasted every possible combination of edible items on top of a pizza ? 
  or would you be a human and understand what they were actually asking you , which is , what 's your favorite kind of pizza ? 
  q : what 's your favorite movie ? 
  a : there are literally thousands of movies made every year , i only see 10 or 20 , so there is absolutely no way i could have an opinion on the matter . 
  is there anything you can have an opinion on ? 
  what is your favorite number from 1 to 2 ? 
  cph enormous ? 
  you have a lot of truly big airports to look forward to then . 
   of course , but a falling bullet will never get even close to the velocity needed to do damage i would n't say `` never '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/celebratory_gunfire#falling-bullet_injuries  between the years 1985 and 1992 , doctors at the king/drew medical center in los angeles , california , treated some 118 people for random falling-bullet injuries . 
  thirty-eight of them died . 
  at today 's fuel prices , but the fact remains that another airline operating planes with similar fuel economy can do the run with a bit over half the fuel if they divide it into two segments . 
  the greater the share of overall marginal flight expenses that fuel comprises , the more of a disadvantage this will put the ultra-long-haul route at . 
   i do think we will see london-sydney non-stops within the next 25 years . 
  even if extended-range aircraft can do the run , the fuel cost is going to be prohibitive . 
  it will use vastly more fuel than doing it with one stop , so the competitive economics will be very tricky . 
  this is why flights like sin-ewr were discontinued . 
  people were willing to pay more for the non-stop , but not that much more . 
   even within schengen lorries lose time crossing the channel how can they cross the channel within schengen ? 
  all the paris attackers were eu citizens . 
   i 've been talking to friends from france and they are also ready to dispute that it 's 8 % of the population , where in fact it 's probably around 20 % . 
  presumably your internet friends are the people the economist surveyed for the circle charts . 
  according to that map , german is popular in every state that almost nobody lives in . 
  when is someone going to come up with a good word that encapsulates nordics + netherlands ? 
  i question these rankings . 
  i 've been to almost every country on the list , and you can get by with english in almost all of them more easily than in spain which is ranked # 23 out of 70 . 
   switzerland does n't speak german but swiss-german , a `` language '' that neither french speaking swiss nor german speaking swiss can understand . 
  german speaking swiss can not understand swiss-german ? 
  that seems quite counterproductive . 
   without ww2 half the us would probably speak german . 
  it 's still the most common language after english and spanish . 
  in the usa ? 
  you 're thinking of chinese . 
  i spent 20 years in the usa and never met a real german speaker ( other than someone visiting from germany/switzerland/austria ) . 
  you can find a chinese speaker around every corner . 
  i am sure tagalog , vietnamese , and russian exceed german in the usa as well . 
  i often hear germans weeping when the swiss * do * speak german . 
   i would say that , in my own non-scientific experiences , outside of language exchange type websites ( and reddit ) i have found it harder to encounter french people on the internet , even in games !, 
  they 're all on minitel !, 
   in diplomacy french is still really important as well . 
  many un jobs have french as a requirement . 
  it 's not important for any actual reason , but only because many un jobs have it as a requirement . 
  outside of general geneva life , and issues dealing with the relatively small francophone world , almost every time french is spoken in one of these contexts it 's for political reasons . 
   vocables love this word !, 
   detroit urban area has a population of 3,734,090 . 
  metro detroit has over 5.3 million people . 
  which has nothing to do with anything , since we are not looking at murder numbers for `` detroit urban area '' or `` metro detroit '' or `` the greater huron river valley water catchment area '' , or `` wrif listener footprint '' , but for the city of detroit , which has a population of 690,000 . 
  and the population of detroit is about 690,000 - as compared to 2,200,000 in the stockholm measurement area . 
  why make statements about things you do n't know ? 
  i dunno , did it build off stereotypes of whites as subhuman ? 
  i 'm sorry , are you saying the dutch were not involved in slavery ? 
  i do . 
  it 's nice . 
  it creates a feeling of commonality with the people around me . 
  then i 'm not sure what your point was , as the result of this is that mandarin is losing ground to english in asia . 
   sure , but are american english and international english similar to queen 's english ? 
  american english is much closer to the queen 's english than african street french is to anything spoken by non-africans in france . 
  sure but if you 're not from a country that shares a border with a german-speaking country ( and often even if you are ) , then you talk to germans in english . 
  meanwhile if you have to deal with francophones it 's much more likely that you 'll have to do it in french . 
  it 's easier than french because the pronounciation is very regular and unambiguous . 
  in french there are twenty zillion letter combinations that coalesce into a handful of sounds , which makes it hard to learn . 
  it 's easier than german because spanish grammar is n't so obscenely and pointlessly complex . 
   also not as much outside of asia but manadarin is gaining influence . 
  english is gaining influence within china faster than mandarin is gaining influence outside of china . 
  country : netherlands i like all our neighbors !, 
  people are n't `` supposed to '' be doing anything that we 're talking about here . 
  i do n't think many people consider cyprus , an eu member , to be a middle-eastern country . 
  even trnc does n't feel like part of the me . 
  [ that is literally what it means ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/consensus ) . 
   an idea or opinion that is shared by all the people in a group, 
  most supermarkets run at their minimal staffing level most of the time . 
  more opening hours definitely means more jobs . 
  they were often eating unhealthy food on sundays because they could not get fresh items , they had more stress because they could not solve their daily problems and had to rush to try to do it all on saturday , and many more people had no jobs because the supermarkets had fewer staff hours to fill . 
  sunday opening is a great advance for civilization , and should be celebrated as a proud achievement . 
   it means some poor sap gets a day off what it actually means is that tens of thousands more people are unemployed . 
  yes , then you can simply be unemployed and have lots of free time to hang out with friends , since stores that are open shorter hours need fewer employees . 
   these people that operate the stores have now a synchronized weekend with the rest of their friends and family what if their friends/family work in restaurants , or hospitals , or petrol stations , or train stations ? 
   additionally , free time is spent in better ways than just shopping , zoos , museums , restaurants , theaters and other outdoor and indoor activities such as bowling or still open on sundays ... or zoos , or museums , or theaters , or bowling alleys ? 
  all those people far outnumber supermarket workers . 
   sunday is a day of relaxation and cultivation and this rule gives the right to relaxation to as many people as possible . 
  there is nothing relaxing about needing baby food or something because the baby knocked over a shelf , and being unable to get it for them on a sunday . 
  supermarket workers already get days off . 
  it 's not like they are working 7 days a week . 
  and on the days off they 're sitting in darkened rooms staring at device screens . 
  by that rationale , any employment at all is taking advantage of people who have no other choice . 
  i have worked in retail , and guess what ? 
  i would much prefer that things be open longer , so i have a chance to go shopping too . 
   i could probably go for weeks and the only thing that i would miss would be the fresh vegetables and bread . 
  so basically you 're saying sunday closing makes people eat less healthy food . 
   some municipalities strongly oppose the possibility for shops to open on sundays and these municipalities happen to be mostly located in the so-called bible belt of our country . 
  however i wager that most dutch people have not set foot in such a place in the past 10 years at least . 
   it 's important as a society to be able to have a day with family , friends , and neighbors . 
  agree to have tv and the internet disconnected on sunday , and i 'll believe you . 
  otherwise i think you 're simply making lifestyle decisions for other people from a standpoint of your personal convenience . 
  my point is that if the uk is lucky enough to go the norway/switzerland route , basically the only things that will have changed from its time as an eu member are that ( a ) it no longer gets a vote , and ( b ) it no longer receives eu subsidies . 
  in every other way it will retain all the `` disadvantages '' that leave voters apparently thought they were getting rid of .
