  i 've never spent more than two weeks in a row there . 
  as someone who 's traveled all over the world and lived in many different countries , and spends his free time taking 12-hour urban walks , i find that 's more than enough to get a reliable sense of what the place has to offer . 
  yeah , i do n't know how to explain it then . 
  what frankfurt offers in these regards is like what dubai offers to someone who likes skiing in the alps . 
  i 'm one of those geezers !, 
  we moved from kuala lumpur to amsterdam , and while the latter is dramatically more boring , at least it 's got enough character to keep us wanting to leave the house . 
  the kids appreciate strange and interesting things too . 
  amsterdam seemed like a good compromise ; we could have gone anywhere in the world but it 's hard to find somewhere that really hits all the notes . 
  street life and street food . 
  large-scale weird behavior . 
  surprises when you go outside . 
  all the things that make a city more than just a lot of buildings close to each other . 
  and once again it is clear that boringness is not a factor in those surveys ' idea of `` quality of life '' . 
  you 'd have to pay me an awful lot to live in a place like frankfurt , auckland , or geneva . 
  there 's more to life than orderly streets . 
   on the other hand , we do n't have nice little healthy sandwich shops , like pret a manger , in the us . 
  huh ? 
  http://www.pret.com/us/find_a_pret/ nyc alone has 38 locations and at least some of them have been there for as long as i can remember . 
  they 're also in boston , dc , and chicago . 
  no argument here !, 
  i guess it 's different in some countries . 
  in the netherlands , which has some of the world 's most expensive and awful restaurants , ikea is quite a bargain . 
  ikea 's restaurant is successful because it 's half the price of everywhere else , and they have a captive audience who have been lost in a knossos-type labyrinth for days . 
  sure , if you 're coming from denmark . 
  i got it . 
  it works if you 're paying attention . 
  thousands have died in the water already , and refugee arrivals are higher than ever . 
  i do n't think this is a solution even if it was n't barbaric . 
   the mafias in turkey are controlled by pkk right , every criminal organization in turkey is kurdish . 
  uh huh . 
   what would the outcome be of , say , a french boat coming into a tunisian port and sinking a rusty old ship ? 
  what was the outcome of the french going to new zealand and sinking the rainbow warrior ? 
  pretty much nothing . 
   and this political stunt was also effective , without them nobody would have ever heard about that conference . 
  whether it 's effective depends on the goal . 
  if the goal was to improve the condition of women behind closed doors in strict religious households , then i 'd say it probably did more harm than good . 
  the people attending this conference do n't have the same social context as a liberal westerner . 
  to them , the lesson of the day was that women allowed free rein will start doing shit like this , running around topless like whores and causing trouble . 
  on the other hand , if the goal was to preach to the choir and get people who already did n't like muslims to dislike them further , then at the end of the day it was probably a little bit effective . 
  but i 'm not sure how that really helps society . 
   the western media is basically trying to push people into a spiral of silence , and they 're trying so hard it 's downright creepy . 
  do you suppose this is orchestrated by the all-powerful syrian refugee cabal ? 
  what would be the media 's motivation ? 
  that 's cool , can they lay some rail tracks while they 're down there ? 
  would save a few billion euros . 
  what have the romans ever done for us ? 
  if only there were some refugees who could help build it . 
   we do n't have a schengen-external border . 
  what 's all that wet stuff just north of the country again ? 
  it 's pretty much the same article , without typos . 
  plagiarised ? 
  i watch my favorite busker videos all the time . 
  they make me so happy . 
  if nothing else , having an electronic copy makes it easier for the professor to check for plagiarism , which is good for all non-plagiarist students . 
  of course some people will not come out of it okay . 
  that 's what happens in a massacre . 
  but the disaster fantasy that an individual with a couple guns can methodically walk from one end of the train to the other , shooting everyone , is preposterous . 
  if they all run off in different directions , for any one person the odds are very good . 
  you think he 's going to cut a passable hole through bodies with bullets ? 
  they 're not anti-tank rounds . 
  it 's a lot of meat . 
  people will get off the train . 
  one person is not going to be able to chase down 500 people fleeing from and hiding all around a train . 
  panic works too . 
  either way the corridor is jammed and he ca n't get through . 
  it 's not going to take more than 5 minutes to stop the train . 
  there is a limit to how much damage someone can do in that time , in a narrow confined space , separated by lots of doors which people would presumably be blockading with luggage ( since the luggage on those trains is stored near the doors separating the carriages ) . 
  very unlikely . 
  the train would have stopped by then . 
  it 's not so fast to kill 200 people in a long narrow train . 
  the poor victim was n't even in the same universe . 
  a m\u00f8\u00f8se once bit my sister . 
  bitcoins !, 
  they burn fast and hot . 
  when i come back from other countries with 1 and 2 cent coins , i can never find any supermarkets here in the netherlands that will accept them . 
   people do n't like coins speak for yourself , i much prefer coins . 
  i 'd be happy with coins for everything up to $ 20 . 
  it 's illegal to melt them down , but it 's not illegal to hope to one day melt them down . 
   romania should be our example . 
  they have plastic bills . 
  you cant burn or rip the bills . 
  i am almost 50 years old and have never burned or ripped a banknote . 
  is this really something we need to worry about ? 
  i 've lived with those things . 
  once folded , they keep the kink forever . 
  so they wo n't stack up neatly . 
  a straight pile of 20 of them will flap all over the table on their own . 
  they slip against each other , so it 's easy to accidentally pull an extra out out of your wallet and drop it on the floor . 
  and after moderate use they look completely awful . 
  that phone has some amazing steadying technology . 
  i 've never seen such smooth panning in a cellphone video . 
  one problem is that the first call is supposed to happen at sunrise , and there are a great many people who would prefer not to hear anything so early . 
  in a community where everyone wants to hear it , maybe that 's okay , but in a multicultural environment it can be an imposition . 
  netherlands too . 
   church bells sound beautiful and are part of our heritage . 
  that religion came from the middle east just like the next one . 
  right , because nobody works nights or anything . 
  i used to live in saudi arabia , and while the country is generally an awful place , they did have some good muezzins . 
  in particular i suspect they put one of the best guys in the diplomatic area . 
  it was actually a pleasure to hear , even at 5am when i 'd get a bit of it , then roll over and go back to sleep .
