  what in your opinion would have been appropriate ? 
  a cake ? 
   they even had the audacity to arrogantly correct small obvious mistakes i made . 
  that quite annoyed me actually . 
  seems like they were trying to help you out . 
   another think is that your system of prepositions is frankly fucked this is the same in every language i 've ever learned . 
  what it really comes down to is that abstract concepts do n't easily map to the simple physical relationships that we use to define prepositions . 
   the worst part about gendered nouns is that they 're not consistent across languages . 
  they 're not even consistent across germanic languages - dutch and german can have different genders for the same things . 
  so it 's clearly 100 % nonsense and should be abandoned immediately . 
   moreover , us immigration officers reserve the right to deny you entry , despite the esta . 
  this is the case in any country . 
  there is no place where a visa - or a visa-free entry policy - is a guarantee of entry . 
  well , really they better check : http://www.iatatravelcentre.com/passport-visa-health-travel-document-requirements.htm since it 's the most thorough , accurate and up-to-date . 
  but yeah , the map linked in this post is stupid . 
  once you have `` some eu citizens '' as a category it 's become worthless . 
   i mean , as i said , that would leave them without the possibility of eating in roughly 80 % of the world . 
  well , yes , that 's really how it works . 
  observant muslims tend to eat at places that have a halal sign ( if in a non-muslim country ) . 
  it could be written out in the latin alphabet or it could be a [ logo ] ( https://www.google.com/search?site=&amp;tbm=isch&amp;source=hp&amp;q=halal+logo ) , perhaps on a small sticker in the window somewhere . 
  i believe that 's part of what reinforces group identity for muslims . 
  studies have shown that groups that eat together develop strong affinity bonds . 
  more than most religions , islam depends on creating rituals and practices that divide believers from non-believers . 
   no muslims are going to enter a subway , order a halal meat sub and then go `` wait a minute , this place offers completely optional pork that is not in my subway , that 's it , i am not shopping her until it is removed from the menu ! '', 
  and if any do then they are so un-reasonable and such a minority they should be ignored . 
  actually a lot of muslims would say that . 
  they are uncomfortable eating from a kitchen where non-halal meats are prepared . 
  from the perspective of someone who has a superstitious aversion to certain kinds of meat , i suppose it makes sense . 
   just because a criticiser doesnt have the best track record does n't mean their criticisms are invalid . 
  no , what makes their criticisms invalid is the substance of the criticisms themselves . 
  i do not believe there is a fundamental human right not to hear criticism of religious figures . 
  in fact i believe there are few things more dangerous than laws against insulting religion , politicians , etc. 
  because the un is one-country , one-vote . 
  there are more countries with governments interested in setting up systems that excuse and ignore their corrupt actions , than countries interested in exposing and fixing them . 
  saudi arabia is an entitlement state . 
  they have been able to manage dissent in large part by buying off the population . 
  but then the same person who erroneously got mad about `` saudi '' will complain that only the emir can be an emirati . 
  no , but the potholes do . 
  coming from any other developed country , the condition of the roads in the capital of the usa is pretty shocking . 
   the further you get from the 2-3 largest cities/towns in a country the shittier the infrastructure gets . 
  in the netherlands the infrastructure in smaller places is remarkably good . 
  even little villages have good bike paths and bus service . 
  however , it 's such a tiny country that you 're never terribly far from a city . 
  they 're the same city . 
  amsterdam and zuidoost are different places ? 
  there 's only one thing for it - better murder me !, 
  this map does n't correlate with immigration at all . 
  the un . 
  here 's the report it came from : http://www.unodc.org/documents/gsh/pdfs/2014_global_homicide_book_web.pdf, 
  hopefully people are finally sick and tired of all the killing . 
  yes , it would be nice if each blob ( whatever the shape and size ) contained the same number of people . 
   if they want to kill someone they will find a way to kill someone well , no , many murders are crimes of passion , not long-planned premeditated acts . 
  if they have to go looking around for an easy way to do it , they will calm down or their friends will calm them down before it happens . 
  but up farther north the population density is so low that there 's nobody around to murder . 
  the fact that it 's rarely justified does n't mean that it 's not justified this time . 
  people should n't call 112/911 so often for no good reason , but that does n't mean they should n't call it if someone 's having a heart attack . 
  there 's no `` hit '' . 
  roaming traffic is tiny compared to domestic , and they 're still being paid for it anyway . 
  the markup in this case came almost entirely from the estonian carrier , not the french one . 
  that 's definitely a way around it , but at the moment there 's pretty limited selection of dual-sim phones . 
  perhaps changing market conditions in the eu will drive up demand and increase the diversity and affordability of these phones . 
  yes , that is what i am suggesting . 
  they help a little but not enough to justify the religious devotion they draw in some circles . 
  they do n't absorb enough force to make much difference in high-impact collisions , and in low-impact ones you trade serious head injuries for serious neck injuries , and end up just as incapacitated . 
  if bike helmets were like motorcycle helmets , things might be different , but in that case nobody would ever ride a bicycle . 
  i believe the beatification of helmets is part of an agenda to marginalize cyclists in favor of automobile users . 
  the real solution is to create safe cycling infrastructure and to impose harsh penalties on dangerous use of motor vehicles . 
  oh , in that case i have no problem with it . 
  i thought it was like parts of australia where the police will stop you and make you pay a fine . 
  it 's enough to stop me . 
  i very much enjoy cycling on my holidays , and i will not wear a helmet . 
  like when the us nuked the soviets in response to kennedy 's assassination . 
  not particularly . 
  they just get different types of injuries . 
  guess i will not be visiting finland then . 
  helmets would prevent a lot of serious head injuries for people in cars . 
  do you wear one while driving ? 
  to spare everyone else the agony of paging through 20 pages of meme thumbnails , here 's the thread : http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/21ckob/in_the_past_few_days_at_the_nuclear_security/, 
  in my experience people who are using a second language are much more free with smiley faces than native speakers . 
  this has n't really happened with anything else in the common market , why would it happen with sim cards ? 
  if they did n't like all the roaming customers they could put all the prompts in bulgarian only . 
  in this particular case it seems pretty clear-cut . 
  roaming is priced at a huge premium and there is virtually no consumer choice . 
  i suppose in the long run , eu country codes could be like phone affinity groups ( `` oh yeah , me and all my friends use +49 '' ) . 
  or more likely , the regulations would change or cross-border consolidation would render the issue moot . 
  that dramatically limits your choice of phones . 
  no iphones , no nexus , etc. 
  most people will not find this to be a viable option . 
   i just do n't like it when companies are disallowed from offering a particular service at a particular price that is n't hurting anyone . 
  oligopolistic pricing cartels hurt the public . 
  in particular , they permanently hurt the economy by draining productive resources into [ deadweight loss ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deadweight_loss ) . 
   benelux well , better to say belgium , because their rates are much higher in the netherlands . 
  also , mobile vikings ' rates for international calls are so high that they may constitute a war crime . 
  $ 1,16 / minute to call a landline in europe ? 
  i pay $ 0.01 for that with lebara . 
  seems like this behavior should be encouraged , since it will facilitate the cross-border competition that the common market is supposed to be all about . 
  i was assuming you saw a strategy for someone who lives in , say , belgium , to get cheaper rates by importing a romanian sim card . 
  i 'm saying that the problem with this strategy is that it inconveniences people who call you the most frequently , because they have to pay for a call to a romanian mobile when they want to talk to you . 
  i can understand being wary of regulation on principle , but that does n't mean that it makes sense to automatically fear every regulation . 
  specifically what is your objection to this one ?
