   http://www.fruitnet.com/asiafruit/article/13337/north-korean-fruit-imports-growing i ca n't tell whether or not you 're joking . 
  `` exports '' and `` imports '' do have different meanings from each other . 
   costa rica does have ski resorts . 
  i think you are very confused . 
  costa rica has about as many ski resorts as thailand does . 
  nobody really knows whether they can make working nuclear missiles , but most people suspect they can not . 
  in that case we do n't have to worry about this highly strategic ski lift remaining operational for long . 
   not quite true . 
  north korea is the number 1 provider of fruits and vegetables in asia . 
   but if they 'd truly been as ridiculous as they are often portrayed , the north koreans would have been liberated ages ago . 
  the country , like any other , is fundamentally run by the bureaucrats . 
  what it really comes down to is how much they are able to do their jobs despite weird interference from the top . 
   one ought to keep in mind these jokes are in charge of one of the largest armies in the world it is not an army that anyone takes particularly seriously , except insofar as they would certainly make an invasion of north korea a difficult prospect , and could cause a lot of trouble for south korea before being stopped . 
   i could say the same thing about the netherlands . 
  you could , but i would n't understand what you meant . 
  we do n't have any national content filter . 
  here the pirate bay is blocked by specific court order as the result of a lawsuit . 
  that 's public knowledge and everyone knows the [ amusingly-named workaround ] ( http://kuiken.co ) , which has been available without interference for years . 
  it 's quite different from having a swirling secret open-ended list of thousands of sites covering a broad range of topics being blacklisted , like china or iran . 
  neither do i , and somehow i 've managed to achieve that without anyone shoving a filter down my throat . 
  it 's optional today . 
  kind of . 
  you can take your battery out , but you have to remember to leave it out for a while after you arrive . 
  otherwise they can still get you for speeding . 
  i agree with the author . 
  the elimination of standard express trains along routes also served by high-speed lines has made train travel much more expensive . 
  what 's more , we 've lost one of the principle advantages of the train - you used to be able to rock up to the station 10 minutes before departure and get on a train for a reasonable price . 
  now some routes ca n't be traveled at all without tedious reservation processes , and they almost all get very expensive for last-minute travelers . 
  it sucks and it 's why i end up flying much more than i really want to . 
   the loubon law for example sets a quota limit on the amount of english that can be sung on french radio . 
  [ fip ] ( http://www.fipradio.fr ) , one of the best radio stations anywhere , has to be at least half english . 
  some of those questions were absurd . 
  they wanted me to answer which colony nutmeg came from . 
  how on earth does that relate to integration in dutch culture ? 
  also , i love that they threw in a dig at ns in the `` how long is the train ride from amsterdam to enschede ? '', 
  question by explicitly saying `` barring delays '' , as if people think delays are so frequent that the test required taking them into account . 
  not if you are eligible for the option procedure . 
   and no , that is not to force muslims out of the country . 
  that is to force foreigns who doesnt give a shit about the bare minimum integration out of the country . 
  the government explicitly exempts high-paid , highly-educated migrants ( who are almost all westerners ) from this requirement . 
  so yes , it is to get rid of brown people from poor countries . 
  if it walks like a duck ... 
  no , if she passes the integration exam she can have permanent residence without citizenship . 
  her legal stay would continue indefinitely except for this one requirement , so in fact it is central to the discussion . 
  my son is in kindergarden here and it 's all in dutch . 
   especially the `` der , die , das '' - stuff - there 's simply no rule to determine which word has which article ( if there is a rule , it 's new to me and someone should tell me ) . 
  there are some rules here and there ( - ung is die , etc. ), 
  but yeah , in general it 's arbitrary and one of the stupidest features a language can have . 
   most municipalities have a program for learning the language that is free to most immigrants . 
  my understanding , by the way , is that the free classes are being phased out or already have been in most municipalities . 
  there are scholarships for the poorest people but for many above that level it 's a considerable financial hardship . 
   you 'd see a lot more backlash if you 'd force say ... british people living in spain pass a spanish test . 
  or even worse , any western/southern european living in ireland pass an irish test for instance . 
  for one thing , it would n't be allowed under eu free movement regulations . 
   if language is optional , why not laws as well ? 
  it 's really not much of a difference . 
  huh ? 
  why not species too ? 
  maybe some people will turn into hyenas if we do n't speak the same language !, 
  maybe we 'll start growing arms out of our ears !, 
  what are you talking about ? 
   we 'd end up with ancient greek style city states , each with their own laws , one having sharia while the other being the most liberal place it can be . 
  what does this have to do with language ? 
  denmark and sweden speak different languages ; it has n't turned them into polar opposite cultures . 
   the usa is and always has been a huge melting pot of people , comparing them to the statistically far more homogeneous and lot less smaller countries of europe is pointless . 
  why ? 
  what specific fact-and-reason-based argument do you have to support this claim ? 
  that 's not really it . 
  if you are from a country considered not culturally compatible , i.e. , not from usa/canada/australia / etc. , then you have to do a shorter version of the test outside the netherlands before you get a long-term permit to stay . 
  but then you still have to do the real integration exam in the netherlands . 
  if you are canadian or something then you can just show up here ( netherlands ) and worry about all the paperwork after you arrive , there is no test or anything else you need to do beforehand if you do n't want to . 
   knowing the national language is necessary . 
  comparing european countries with eglish speaking coutries is just stupid since english is teached in every country of the world . 
  a mexican will have less problems in the us than somebody from africa in denmark . 
  especially since danish is only spoken by a few million people . 
  the reason a mexican will have less problems in the usa than someone from non-anglophone africa in denmark , is that there are tens of millions of people in the usa who speak only spanish , and tens of millions more who speak both spanish and english . 
  there are entire communities where spanish is much more useful than english . 
  the government provides services in spanish . 
  there are spanish tv and radio stations , newspapers , publishers , and so on . 
  the mexican person does n't need to learn a word of english unless social or economic incentives lead him to . 
  and this is how it should be -- it 's one thing that the usa does better than almost any other country on earth . 
  language should conform to the needs of people , not the other way around . 
  everything i 've read says that an adult with the equivalent amount of free time and social interaction will pick up the second language as quickly as a child . 
   that you need in order to function in society you absolutely do not need to know any dutch to function in society here . 
   if you do n't want citizenship , then there 's not really an issue . 
  there 's still an issue even if you want to retain your original citizenship because you ca n't maintain permanent residency without going through the integration . 
  until you do it , you have to keep renewing your status , which is expensive and puts you perennially at risk of not having it renewed . 
   there are 400,000 french people in london i think - maybe we should start having signs in french around kensington ?!, 
  what 's the problem with that ? 
  i would never be opposed to signs that help people get around in whatever language is best suited to significant shares of the population . 
   not sure as i 'm no longer a turkish citizen but afaik they can travel in the schengen countries as long as they have a valid residence permit in a schengen member . 
  anyone can do that , whether they 're turkish , afghan , somali , or north korean . 
  when we have an opinion about you , we 're expressing our views . 
  when you have an opinion about us , you 're violating our sovereignty by interfering in domestic affairs which are none of your concern . 
  must have been quite a relief for that guy in the green vest who was riding the front of the drill bit . 
  it seems that he lost one arm and both legs but at least his spirits are intact . 
  yes , this is particularly damaging . 
  every few months there 's a new idea for some radical change in policy . 
  all the newspapers get up in arms because - and rightly so - the subset of the population who is going to be disproportionately affected becomes very upset . 
  then the policy gets quietly withdrawn and they come up with another one later .
