  there is a long history of this . 
  but it has to come from within . 
  saudi weddings are pretty cool . 
  but chinatown in nyc is fantastic . 
  nyc would be far the worse off without it . 
   syria is an active warzone so i do n't see why there should be relatively unfettered travel in and out of the country . 
  that 's also why it 's impossible to control who comes and goes . 
  it 's not like there are belgian border guards standing every 50m along the syrian border checking passports . 
  i 'm more thinking of reporting about erdo\u011fan-related corruption . 
   isil hates every non-muslim they hate most muslims too . 
  there is a huge difference between ( a ) the police * asking * media to wait and report on something in a few hours , in the interest of public safety , and ( b ) the police * telling * media not to report about something ever , in the interest of political convenience . 
  [ sydney : 0.16 million ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/city_of_sydney ) there 's a reason people compare metropolitan area and not city limits . 
  the latter is a useless metric for comparison because the eponymous administrative division 's borders are an arbitrary historical accident , and in the case of most large cities , the majority of the organic city 's population is outside them . 
  nobody cares about the city limits population . 
  that 's completely arbitrary and does n't tell you anything about the city unless you are involved in local politics . 
  if you acted like an ass on twitter , why should you be able to erase that from history ? 
  i do n't want to hire someone who posted a picture of themselves in nazi regalia , even if it was 10 years ago . 
  if private information is online that should n't have been there , that 's one thing . 
  but if the information was once legitimately public , then it should stay public . 
  people should not have the right to selectively edit the past . 
  can you show me the court documents ? 
   if the hill is artificial , you need to notify the person ( and let them build a higher fence ) before building the hill . 
  i really do n't think that everyone in line of sight of a hill , for example .5 km away , has to be involved before the hill can be built . 
  remember that we have zoom lenses on our ( legal ) pocket cameras , so the distance from the hill can be considerable . 
  when a new skyscraper is built in a large city , the viewing angle from the public observation deck is often such that you 'd need to build a dome over your garden to keep people from seeing in . 
   if suddenly every human became 4m tall , then the 4m camera from google would also be legal again . 
  you still have n't substantiated this fantastical 4m google camera . 
  everything i read online says they 're just over 8 feet high ( about 2.5 m ) . 
  likewise the photo of the street view car that you posted makes it much less than 4m . 
  likewise the angle on the images that i see when i use street view makes it much less than 4m . 
  can you find an example of a street view image that is taken from a 4m angle ? 
  or will you just keep tossing around this imaginary number despite it seeming baselessness ? 
   i dont need to know how my vacation place will be , i am going to experience it . 
  also i have no problem if i arrive there and it is different than i imagined . 
  i like the `` adventure '' . 
  i want to know that the sidewalk outside the building is going to be reasonable to access with a stroller , and that it 's not a neighborhood full of debris or other indicators of antisocial environment . 
  would you ban hills ? 
  they allow people to look over fences . 
  privacy is undermined by a million different things . 
  we evaluate these tradeoffs all the time . 
  the mere existence of audio recording devices and telephoto lenses affects your privacy . 
  as does the fact that walls between row houses are n't perfectly soundproof . 
  i 'm talking about the ratio , not the absolute utility . 
  obviously no two things have exactly the same utility . 
  street view provides great benefit to travelers , potential renters and home buyers , food delivery companies ( our indian delivery arrives with a picture of the house on the tractor receipt/manifest , and the delivery guy said it saves a lot of time ) , and anyone else who has to plan a trip or understand/evaluate an area before arriving , and without wasting a lot of fuel making a journey out there . 
  it 's okay that you want to drive everywhere instead of viewing pictures online , i guess , but that 's not easy to do when choosing a holiday rental 5000km away . 
  we do n't allow cars to drive on sidewalks because it 's very dangerous . 
  no matter what you say about street view ( mythical bands of burglars planning online or whatever ) it 's in no way comparable to the risk of sidewalk driving . 
  i just went outside with a tape measure and measured the first 10 cars on my street . 
  my neighbors already think i 'm crazy , so it 's okay . 
  seven of them were under 145cm , and the lowest was 124cm . 
  these included several in the shape of the google car in the photo . 
  two hybrid mini-suvs were 180 and 192 respectively . 
  one construction van was 210cm high . 
   they are n't 4m tall ? 
  have you never stood near an automobile ? 
  the camera is twice the height of the car . 
  a car is typically about 1.3 m tall . 
  i 'll leave the arithmetic as an exercise for you , as that has been shown to help with memory retention . 
  how many times has this happened , compared to the incredible utility that the feature has provided to hundreds of millions of people ? 
  i mean , the ratio of harm to help for automobiles is much worse . 
  three thousand people die every day around the world . 
  what 's your position on banning those from germany ? 
  some cities have it , but not very many . 
  in most of the surrounding countries you can view any little lane in any little town . 
  here in amsterdam you can even see boat view of canals and walk the little street view man inside some shops . 
   about 3m in most countries . 
  i just checked street view in front of my house , and the eye level was right about the top of the front door , so 2.3 m. 
   and again , the hypothetical truck driver is n't sharing his pictures of my house with the whole world and makes money off of it . 
  he 's just one guy . 
  if ten thousand people would be staring at my house everyday i 'd have objections as well . 
  why would ten thousand people be staring at your house through street view ? 
  the people looking at it are the people who have a specific interest in the neighborhood , because they are going to visit there , buy/rent property there , or because they used to spend time there . 
  they could have someone go take a picture for them , but this is faster and less hassle . 
  as far as i can see it provides immense public benefit at the cost of no significant loss of privacy . 
  so it is true what they say about germans and humour . 
  \u2605 - asteroid : looks like an asterisk but really is n't . 
  un passport is only useful for official travel , and like diplomatic passports , requires visas from a large number of countries . 
  because there is nobody who 's only a citizen of the vatican , so it 's not worth the trouble for anyone to deal with it . 
  he does not respect , will not obey that requirement . 
  now amending the constitution with a felt-tip pen . 
   except the price for french nuclear power is so cheap that most of the bill is constant because it 's taxes and fixed utility line prices . 
  not according to this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/electricity_pricing#/media/file:electricity-prices-europe.jpg they put it at $ 0,1585 / kwh which is n't particularly high or low . 
   if it 's 0.0001 cts per mb like power cost us fractions of a cent then no issue . 
  the price of power is based ( not entirely , but substantially ) on the cost of power . 
  in a competitive market i 'd think the same is true for the price of mobile bandwidth . 
   also , i still think 20gb/mo is ridiculous and saying like you can use only so many kilowatts of power a month and cutting you electricity after that . 
  you pay for every kwh of electricity you use . 
  if you 're willing to pay for every mb you transfer over your mobile link i am sure there is a long list of providers that will accommodate you . 
  also , the mobile network is built and priced for what customers actually do . 
  how many people are going to be transferring 750mbps on their mobile phones on a long-term sustained basis ? 
  what would they even be doing ? 
   but you can choose not to believe me and continue the general trend of this sub as an anti-uk circle jerk if it makes you feel better  i 'm not interested in anti-uk circle jerking . 
  i like the uk , and i hope they choose to stay with us in the eu . 
  if they do n't , i 'll keep hoping they re-join later , even though they 'll be taking slightly abusive advantage of the process by playing it that way . 
  my only point here is that in my opinion , informed by years in both cities , new york is more exciting and diverse city to visit and live in than london . 
  i have no doubt that some surveys find the banks in london to be slightly more influential or whatever . 
  because then if we buy offshore goods they might jack up the price or refuse to sell to us ? 
  yes . 
   well then we will just go back to growing things here it takes decades to build up an agricultural base .
