  how about aussies and kiwis ? 
  the fact is , all these variants of english ( including british and american ) have about 99 % overlap . 
  the variations , while interesting and sometimes amusing , are trivial compared to the level of commonality . 
  pretending that they 're not all english wo n't change that . 
  that 's pretty much the opposite of how he made it sound . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , the largest cities in greece are athens and thessaloniki , both of which are at sea level . 
  athens goes a bit higher but much of the metro area is at the coast . 
   i 'm sure it 's the same in the netherlands but we already have lots of virtual networks that run on top of the established players . 
  none of them are particularly large though , most people are with one of the big companies . 
  they have their niche ( like cheap international calls , they 're popular with immigrants who want to call back home ) but they 're not going to cause anyone to lose lots of customers any time soon . 
  i 'm not sure if you realize how good you have it . 
  the market in the uk is far more energetic . 
  mvnos here do not make any serious efforts to undercut the major players . 
  the netherlands has some of the world 's most expensive prices for mobile calling and data , not because the infrastructure is more expensive than in neighboring countries , but because there 's no real urgency to competition . 
  it is actually cheaper to take a dutch phone to another eu country and use it there under eu-regulated roaming fees , than to use a la carte minutes from the major dutch mobile operators ( kpn , vodafone , t-mobile ) while at home in the netherlands . 
   it would still mean that the hypothetical romanian company would have to pay vodafone for access to their network at whatever price vodafone sets , based on the cost of doing business in the uk , not in romania . 
  the really big expenses like network equipment , engineers , backhaul links and so on wo n't change because of this , since this is up to vodafone to provide , not the company buying access to their network . 
  as long as the assessment of the cost of providing these services is done fairly and audited regularly , then this will definitely change things , because the marginal profit that vodafone is able to capture will decrease . 
   the netherlands is very very low-land that even a very slight rise in water levels will cause it to sink . 
  the netherlands is probably a little better prepared for this than greece . 
  the house we live in now , along with thousands of other people in our area , is already technically below sea level . 
  still the streets are dry . 
  no question plenty of regulation is required . 
  one problem is that at the moment the telecom operators in each country are too close to the regulators . 
  it 's worked in many markets with adsl . 
  infrastructure owners are required to lease access to other isps at the same rates they charge their own internal isp unit . 
  i think the only practical way to do competition on a eu-wide scale with today 's infrastructure as a starting point is to require unbundling of towers/waves . 
   great way to make the rich countries richer and poor countries poorer . 
  telecoms from rich countries already own many telecoms of poorer countries . 
  abolishing more borders means even more money going from the poor to the rich . 
  why would even more money leave poor countries in this case ? 
  i ca n't guess your reasoning . 
   the telecoms industry is a gigantic money maker . 
  one big reason for that is the enforced fragmentation in the market . 
  within each country there 's a cozy little detente between a few entrenched players that lightly poke at each other now and then . 
  in a unified market these fortifications would disappear and everyone would be facing competition from every telecom company in europe . 
  a company in romania that takes advantage of its home country 's good technical education and low labor costs could offer lower prices to british consumers than vodafone can . 
  if you bring the same skills to a country with a high purchasing power then you 'll still be better off , because your salary relative to the cost of goods will be higher than in the low purchasing power country . 
  this map is not a measure of prices , it 's a measure of purchasing power . 
  if you want to publish , you 're going to have to do it in english or else have a tiny audience . 
  and obviously the reverse goes for access to literature . 
  at the graduate level at least , it seems to be foolish not to use english . 
  french people never seem to be amused by my impromptu adaptations of their counting scheme : 95 = three sixties and five , 133 = six twenties and thirteen , etc. 
  does n't seem to stop me from trying . 
  there 's a lesson in there somewhere . 
  then go back to istanbul again, 
  as it happens , i 'm about to rent a car right now here in the netherlands . 
  the rules say i can not take it to the following countries : albania , bosnia , bulgaria , croatia , czech republic , estonia , hungary , latvia , lithuania , macedonia , poland , romania , russia , serbia , slovakia , slovenia , turkey and ukraine . 
  presumably anywhere else in western europe is fine . 
   i think you need to convert your american drivers license into a european one to be able to drive - at least i think so . 
  at least here in the netherlands you can drive on your foreign license for 6 months before you have to change to a dutch one . 
  it 's possible that they are officially supposed to accept the $ 0,01 coins here . 
  it was a teenager cashier and i was just trying to get rid of some coins i had in my pocket from a recent visit to france . 
  i did n't want to have a big argument or call her supervisor over . 
   second , 230 $ is the minimum state pension , that a great many thousands of old people receive , for me having 1 or 2 cent coins is irrelevant for many people it is n't . 
  having a raise of 1,2 , 3 cents on a good amount of products might seem nothing but at the end of the month a 5 $ difference can mean a lot for many people . 
  you would have to work very hard to concoct a scenario in which someone was out $ 5 at the end of the month . 
  the most anyone is likely to be out , unless they specifically constructed their purchases in order to maximize rounding loss , is $ 0.02 . 
  and i am pretty sure the millions that the government saves on not having these coins anymore will be enough to increase that pension from $ 230 to $ 230.02 . 
   it might not sound like much but 1-4 cents in each product you buy on a supermarket adds up after a while lucky for you that 's not how anyone has ever implemented this . 
  it 's not 1-4 cents , it 's 1-2 cents . 
  prices in supermarkets -- at least around here -- do n't follow the .99 thing unless they 're on sale . 
  they 're $ 2.43 and $ 1.07 , so when it gets rounted to the nearest $ 0.05 , you win half the time and lose the other half of the time . 
  few people go into a supermarket and buy a single item each time . 
  they buy a bunch of stuff . 
  the more items you buy , the less the rounding affects the price of any one item . 
  remember that the rounding is applied after the total is calculated . 
  it is not applied to each individual item . 
  pay with a card and you do n't even have any rounding at all . 
  and it called the dutch charming , that 's pretty amazing too . 
   because it would be illegal to advertise goods as costing $ 99.99 and then charge $ 100 as it is essentially deception since you have to pay more than advertised . 
  here in the netherlands i 've tried to pay for something at $ 4,99 with that exact amount and they insisted on $ 5 because they did n't have the capacity to deal with $ 0,01 and $ 0,02 coins . 
  as they pointed out , if i really wanted to pay $ 4,99 , i could do so using my bank card . 
  or buy at least three of the item . 
   i ` ld like to see the europe using a neutral language such as esperanto or whatever similar . 
  for the same of avoiding any hurt feelings among the small number of people insecure about their languages ' place in the world , everyone should be forced to learn a new language which is entirely useless outside of this contrived context ? 
  why stop with languages ? 
  for every euro of subsidy to film projects , there should be one euro of subsidy to bagpipe concerts !, 
   actor : in eu usage , ` actors ' are often ` the people and/or organisations involved in doing something ' . 
  in standard english , however , an actor is generally someone who performs on stage or screen . 
  no , in standard english it is both . 
   agent they are wrong here too . 
  an agent is anyone who acts on behalf of an organization or person . 
  including in the roles they claim are not covered . 
   cabinet : ( usually pronounced ` cabinay ' by english speakers and ` cabinet ' by others ) huh ? 
   define/definition : in english , ` define ' means ` to state the precise meaning of ' ( for example ` wehave already defined the meaning of control ' ) . 
  it does not mean ` establish ' , ` set out ' , ` lay down ' yes it does . 
  we will have a meeting to define the parameters of the project before moving forward . 
   the money saved on translating documents i 'd like to see redeployed funding subsidised language teaching in eu schools and universities and used to support minority languages . 
  the money saved on translating documents would be a drop in the bucket compared the money spent on miscommunications and wasted time as a vast civil service adjusted to a new language every few years . 
  hence the failure of the grin report to achieve anything . 
   but we just did that , no ? 
  how many people were fluent in english two or three generations ago ? 
  that took ( and takes ) a conscious effort as well , it did n't just happen . 
  actually it did just happen . 
  no shadowy committee sat down and said `` let 's make sure that within two or three generations , a significant proportion of the world 's population speaks english '' and then set about bringing that to pass . 
  instead , it was an organic process driven by myriad incentives ranging from professional to economic to recreational , culminating in a network effect that appears unstoppable at this point . 
  you are not going to duplicate that with ancient sumerian . 
   you 're not worth my time see , i knew we 'd come to an agreement if we just tried !, 
   you precisely lack your freedom , although i 'm sure in your twisted system you somehow justify a reduction in rights increasing your freedom .
