  sometimes we have bad laws . 
  in many countries people have been put in prison for violating laws mandating inferior treatment for certain races . 
  as i mentioned elsewhere , there 's very little chance of the prison population overcoming the non-prisoner population 's wishes in the polls . 
  however , i do think it reasonable that they have a voice . 
  the prisoner who votes for a politician who wants to legalize murder is probably not going to have any impact in the outcome of the election . 
  the prisoner who votes for a politician who wants to legalize inter-race marriage just might have some impact . 
  yeah , international calling charges are very distorted and almost completely unrelated to the underlying costs . 
  the only thing like a cost that affects them is the termination charge levied by the recipient 's phone company , but that 's usually a matter of regulation more than anything else . 
  when i lived in malaysia my cost to phone and sms internationally -- direct from my malaysian phone without any aftermarket discount service -- was often lower than the domestic call/sms cost within the countries i was contacting . 
  you can get a sense of the costs faced by your carrier for placing calls to another country by looking at wholesale termination rate offers , e.g. , http://www.voicetrading.com/en/calling-rates-std.html anything more than those amounts you are being charged for calls to these destinations is mostly pure cream for your carrier . 
  so does that mean we can also torture them ? 
  after all , if we 've denied them one right , then apparently there 's an argument for arbitrarily denying them any other rights as well . 
   besides , it 'd create a weird situation of politicians pandering to a prisoner voter base . 
  they 'd just vote for whoever promises to let them out earlier . 
  this does n't make much sense unless you 've managed to imprison half the population ( i.e. , it might soon be a valid argument in the usa but i do n't see it happening in the uk anytime soon ) . 
  otherwise , all the people on the outside who want the prisoners off the streets are surely going to outweigh the people behind bars . 
  the eu cap on intra-europe calls while roaming is already cheaper than some national operators are charging ... 
  so if i do n't mind having a number from another country , i could simply choose service from the country with the cheapest rates ? 
  sounds good to me . 
  though it seems like they might as well take it a step further and throw the whole thing open , so i can still have a local number . 
  compare iceland to greenland . 
  the population is so small that it only takes one murder to make a big dent in the chart . 
  some people like to vent . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  i do n't like talking about sports , i think it 's the most boring thing in the world , but i could n't imagine posting `` can we please agree to stop talking about sports and only to talk about scientific topics ? '', 
  who cares if other people want to discuss something that does n't strike me as a discussion `` worth having '' ? 
  i 'll put it another way : why should n't people be able to talk about what they want without being categorically castigated for it ? 
  it 's not reddit 's job to solve the problem . 
  why should n't people be able to talk about what they want ? 
  http://www.rtp.pt/noticias/index.php?headline=188&amp;visual=56 bastards . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/information_society/activities/roaming/docs/roaming_recast11.pdf see articles 4 and 5 ( beginning on the bottom of the page marked 18 ), 
  because we are captives , and many people do n't make rational decisions . 
  someone who uses a few days of data roaming a year might still be better off choosing a cellular plan that costs twice as much for ordinary domestic calls , but nobody looks at it that way , because they make phone calls every day and almost never use data roaming . 
  i think the eu proposed framework in which roaming is a separate service you can contract for independently of your domestic phone service is a good one . 
  it will create competition and awaken consumers to the economics of the situation . 
  several mvnos with operations in multiple countries , such as lebara , have on occasion provided cheap trans-border calls ( e.g. , $ 0 ; 20 flat rate for up to 30 minutes ) between their subscribers . 
  it looks like none of them are doing it anymore . 
  i wonder whether that 's because of pressure from the network owners ? 
  are both british and continental people happy with my newly invented use of ; as a pan-european decimal separator ? 
   there are networks of companies that are owned by the same company ( t-mobile , vodafone and telenor come to mind ) . 
  they could provide cheap roaming and international calls . 
  you do n't have to own a network to provide cheap roaming and international calls . 
  i provide cheap roaming and international calls to myself by using prepaid sims and a jury-rigged voip setup and i definitely do n't control any major cellular networks . 
  the costs are low . 
  it 's 100 % a price-discrimination decision to keep the prices high . 
   unless every country has the same average wage , eu-wide tarifs do n't make any sense . 
  no , but caps do . 
  the cap on intra-eu voice roaming surcharges was , imho , a very positive step . 
  prices are still higher than i 'd like them to be , but at least they are no longer punitive . 
  do you think that perhaps it 's not used by a huge number of people precisely because the end-user price is so high ? 
  that 's why i always turn off cellular data as soon as the train crosses the border . 
  i figured the margin was too large to be a `` no '' outcome . 
  you know how averages work , right ? 
  if everything yellow is banned , then everything pink becomes yellow . 
  when a libyan diplomat shot a london police officer through the window of the libyan embassy , libya did not waive immunity and the uk sent the whole operation packing . 
  it does n't usually work that way . 
  the person who makes the assertions bears the burden of proof . 
  otherwise i can say that i have the power to stop time , and when someone calls me a liar , you will be after them to prove that i can not stop time , which is silly . 
  i should be the one who must prove that i can . 
  this is entirely independent from my views on the hungary situation . 
  to me this ( new constituencies ) makes much more sense than voting in the last city . 
  someone who moves from lyon to london is still french , and is still concerned with national matters of france , but is much less interested in the specific interests of lyon . 
  they have more in common with other french expats from marseilles and rennes and paris than with people who are still living in lyons . 
  they may not be in the country at the moment , but they still have interests there . 
  a large number of them work for companies based in their home country . 
  as citizens , they have to live with the consequences of their country 's foreign policy . 
  it makes more sense than having them vote in the last city they happened to live in , which is the normal situation . 
  that different . 
  having specific representatives for expats means that their interests have their own voice . 
  just to help you feel completely confident , there 's this : http://www.ataturkairport.com/en-en/preflight/pages/transfer.aspx  transfer passengers : ( international transfer passengers with an international connection flight ) a boarding card is issued for the passenger ( if not issued in the country of origin ) at the transit desk of the relevant handling company on the arrivals floor . 
  the passenger does not go through passport control . 
  instead , he/she directly proceeds through the transit area into the international departures area . 
  baggage will be automatically transferred to the connecting flight . 
  by the way , if you 're flying turkish airlines ( i assume you are ) and do n't get your second boarding pass when you first check in , do n't get caught up in the huge , slow , and mostly unmarked queue for flights to `` sensitive '' destinations like israel and the usa . 
  the correct transit desk has a fast-moving queue with a lot of attendants . 
  i think it 's at least partly to do with a less sophisticated consumer base ( i do n't mean that european consumers are qualitatively inferior , just that they are less sophisticated at gathering price information , possibly due to lack of interest ) . 
  people i talk to here seem very willing to accept the prices handed to them by the local megamart , regardless of how preposterous they are . 
  it 's not about the charm of small retailers or anything ; the worst offenders seem to be the large chain stores . 
  i can usually find adapters and cables and parts for half the price or less at the little turkish-guy shop , as compared to the large stores that advertise everywhere . 
  and cheaper still online including shipping from usa , if i 'm ordering more than a couple items . 
  in the us i would find that people are aware of the lower prices that can be found online ; here not so much . 
  i live very close to france and i have n't heard the first thing about the french election . 
  the only reason i even knew one was coming was from earlier coverage of the dominique strauss-kahn story . 
  if your change of planes is at istanbul ataturk airport ( ist ) then you wo n't go through any sort of passport control when changing planes ; you 'll just be in the transit area . 
  therefore it should be fine . 
  you never need a passport to re-enter the eu if you have an eu national id . 
  you might need the passport to exit the country you 're in , though . 
  turkey , while not an eu member , will let you travel in and out with id cards from at least some eu countries . 
  it says so right on my card . 
  on the web i found the list as `` belgium , france , germany , greece , italy , luxembourg , malta , the netherlands , and spain '' , but i do n't know if that 's up-to-date . 
  how is the public interest served by this `` right '' ? 
  amsterdam has a lot of political power . 
   we only will be winners , if euro will continue to fall . 
  no you wo n't . 
  you wo n't be able to export goods to the eurozone , which is your primary export market , at current prices . 
  people will lose their jobs or the currency will be devalued . 
  that second one seems to be the most common in the netherlands ( more common than the dutch one even ) . 
  i must say it always looks very militaristic and evil to me . 
  i do n't like them . 
  i ca n't explain it then .
