  that 's debatable . 
  most countries apply extraterritorial jurisdiction at least in some cases . 
  some are quite liberal with it . 
  i think a decent argument can be made that it 's unconstitutional for a german citizen to take steps that lead to the introduction of the death penalty anywhere . 
  european countries wo n't extradite someone to the usa if they would face the death penalty there . 
  that 's not how european turks vote . 
  they vote along traditionalist lines , since it lets them feel good about standing up for outmoded values without having to live with the consequences . 
   what right do germany and netherland have to interfere with turkish politics ? 
  what right does turkey have to force the netherlands to help them conduct a referendum aimed at institutionalizing the violation of fundamental human rights ? 
  turks who live abroad are disproportionately likely to hold conservative , traditional beliefs . 
  it 's expected that they would be in favor of the death penalty . 
  in general it 's easy for them to vote for foolishly conservative positions in turkey since they do n't have to live with the consequences . 
   as far as i understand , americans abroad can only vote in their embassies/consulates that are technically american soil . 
  us embassies/consulates are not `` technically american soil '' . 
  they are buildings which the host country 's government has agreed not to enter . 
  but the host country can revoke that status at any time . 
  and they still hold their laws to apply there , except with respect to the conduct of diplomats they have accepted and accredited . 
  if a french citizen enters the us embassy in berlin and kills an american citizen while inside , the prosecution will be conducted by the german government . 
  american expats vote by mail or online . 
  there 's no voting at us embassies . 
  american elections are run by the individual states , while the embassies are part of the national government , which does not have any elections . 
  so american expats in the uk who vote by mail in presidential elections should be deported back to the usa ? 
  the coup was a total success and achieved all of erdogan 's objectives . 
  nobody considers that an `` act of war '' . 
  this is not a bad spy novel . 
  vienna convention breaches happen from time to time , and i can not think of a single example of one being the primary cause of a war . 
  not necessarily hoping , but i 'll cheerfully welcome our scottish and northern irish friends , should they choose to join us . 
  not for long . 
   most people familiar with a romance langauge can read that without much difficulty . 
  then why not just use spanish , which is also easy for romance speakers to pick up and skim for meaning , as well as being easy to learn for everyone else ? 
  it comes with a huge array of literature and technical materials ready-to-read , and would save hundreds of millions of people the trouble of having to learn anything new at all . 
  esperanto is a stupid language , with all sorts of inconsistencies and flaws just like any other language . 
  billions of people already speak some english , and it 's widely used in technology , diplomacy , finance , transport and so on . 
  the return on investment for any given individual learning english is vastly higher than for learning esperanto . 
  so it 's never a rational decision to learn esperanto , only something people do because they think it 's cool . 
  which is fine , but you ca n't expect most people to go along with what you think is cool . 
  it is not a single entity , but again you will see that i said `` schengen negotiates as a bloc '' . 
  still not terribly meaningful , since on a per capita basis it would still be way behind . 
  the schengen countries negotiate as a bloc and their collective economic weight , even in 2050 , will still dwarf russia 's . 
  i do n't know whether you actually read it , but that article does n't call russia the top economy in 2050 . 
  and of course not , nobody would do that in an article with a byline if they ever wanted to be taken seriously again . 
  they predict china as being the top economy in 2050 , and even put brazil ahead of russia ( which is n't much of a stretch ; brazil 's economy , problematic as it sometimes is , functions much better than that of russia , which is basically just a cold version of saudi arabia ) . 
   you mean the country which is predicted to be the top economy by 2050 ? 
  predicted by whom ? 
  i may predict that i will be the first human to spontaneously grow wings but that does n't make it very credible . 
  gas price increase ? 
  even higher visa fees for europeans traveling to russia ? 
  that latter seems like cutting off their nose to spite their face - i already do n't travel to russia because the visa process is too annoying ; making it even moreso just ensures that i never spend money there . 
  it 's sad that people are downvoting you and sticking their heads into the sand . 
  the level of subsidy for automobile and air travel is astronomical when you take all factors into account . 
   ticket sales at sncf do not pay for the wages of the unionized employees . 
  yet easyjet among others will get you to many french cities faster and cheaper than sncf and they do so while making a profit . 
  sncf pays for its own infrastructure ; easyjet picks and chooses airports which offer the greatest subsidies . 
  sncf is forced by the government to run a long list of routes ; easyjet can drop any route that does n't make money -- even if the city just renovated the airport for them at taxpayer expense . 
  sncf pays domestic market prices for energy ; easyjet has access to global arbitrage and pays no tax on fuel . 
  sure , just like freight companies do . 
  it requires a lot of coordination with the rail infrastructure operators , but if you 're that rich , you 'll have a team on staff to manage that . 
   worth is determined by supply and demand . 
  which does n't take into account the cost of the pollution caused by the airplane that burns it . 
  would n't it be more efficient to run cheaper trains on busy routes and buses on unpopular routes ? 
  they operate at a huge loss when you take into account airport subsidies and externalities like pollution , but they do n't run at a long-term operating loss because they 'd be out of business if they did . 
   what i find disturbing is the propaganda , they say there was an increase of 20 000 in racially aggravated incidents but what they do n't say is what percentage is against whites , it could be 95 % for all we know . 
  the video says the majority is against non-whites . 
  the way they do this in china is better , i think . 
  receipts must be provided on paper stock provided by the tax authority . 
  each receipt form contains a scratch-off area at the top . 
  scratching off the coating reveals whether you 've won a prize . 
  the prizes are n't that exciting -- usually nothing , sometimes a few dollars , rarely more -- but they 're enough to make chinese people quite vigilant about demanding receipts when they buy things . 
  and i admit it does make eating out or shopping a little bit more fun !, 
  you never know when your restaurant bill will pay for itself . 
  they are so anxious about not offending anyone that we , the readers , are left having to guess whether a `` moderate innovator '' is better or worse than a `` modest innovator '' . 
  just to make sure we 're really on our toes , they use a color scheme that confuses it further . 
   and for the `` tourists are evil , they throw up everywhere , they are disrespectful , ... '' you 're stereotyping , there are some good , there are some bad , there are some aweful people out there . 
  it 's just that you 'll tend to notice and be shocked by a rude/drunk tourist , but you 'll never acknoledge the respectful , nice and just here to enjoy the place and what it has to offer , because he is minding his own business . 
  that 's not very important . 
  i ca n't create a rule that says `` no annoying pot tourists , only the quiet innocuous ones please . '', 
  it 's all or nothing . 
  the worst of them define their impact , the best of them are irrelevant . 
   you 've already pointed out , for example , a group that would lose out ( landlords whose incomes will drop ) . 
  there is a huge shortage of space in the central core area . 
  nobody 's income is dropping if drug dens and strip joints get replaced with restaurants and offices . 
  as someone who has been shopping for houses in amsterdam for a long time , i can tell you that there 's a radius around the red light district where property prices are significantly lower than elsewhere . 
  i do n't want to buy a house there and neither do most other people . 
  at the moment i could spend about 30 % less there than for a comparable property the same distance on the other side of the damrak . 
  i am unconvinced that coffeeshop tycoons are keeping their money in the netherlands and spending it at hema . 
  i suspect they 're socking it away elsewhere , doing whatever they can to minimize tax exposure . 
   they may not stay at a high end hotel , but there are a lot of them , and they do spend a significant amount of cash , even if only on cannabis and alcohol . 
  accommodating tourists is n't free . 
  there are additional emergency services costs , for example . 
  each additional tourist has a price , and if their spending is barely covering that -- or failing to -- then they 're not helping . 
  a large number of tourists spending a small amount of money is not nearly as good a deal for the local economy as a small number of tourists spending a large amount of money . 
  every government knows this , and it 's why from thailand to the netherlands and everywhere in between , they are always trying to come up with ways to displace the budget travelers in favor of more upscale ones . 
  for a while . 
  eventually they 'd move on to somewhere else . 
  it 's not like people still travel to iran for the wine . 
   i think he 's just confused about the fact that , for instance , eu citizens can attend university in scotland for free because the scottish government is legally obliged to extend to eu citizens the same rights as they do to their own . 
  if this is the case for a major point like university education , why is it that the dutch government can limit this to only those resident in the netherlands ? 
  where is the distinction drawn ? 
  in order to get cheap university education in the uk , as far as i know , you must have lived there for three years . 
  it does n't matter if you 're british or north korean .
