  church bells , on the other hand , are always annoying to me . 
  too harsh . 
  that said , i think the best situation is one where everyone keeps their noise to themselves . 
   some tried and the govt officials decided that it 's part of the religion freedom . 
  can churches have bells loud enough to hear all over the city ? 
   edit : found a picture which should explain the issue : http://i.imgur.com/oif4v2a.jpg that 's a picture of an unknown person pointing at a piece of paper . 
  there 's only two rectangles !, 
  ( colorado and wyoming ), 
  in the bible it was a land wallowing in depravity . 
  this video is shot through a zoom lens , which exaggerates the perceived speed . 
   business class on klm from barcelona to amsterdam uses coach seats , they just do n't sit anyone in the middle . 
  kind of a weak approach lufthansa and swiss both seem to do the same on many aircraft . 
  probably others too . 
  chalk me up with another vote for silly . 
  if anything , it seems like the suspicion of such a thing existing in the future would be a powerful motivation for people up until its advent to stop it from coming into existence , including punishing anyone who helps it . 
  and russia ? 
   cigarette advertising is also legal , which blew my mind . 
  i was recently in a swiss airport and was shocked that the entire place was full of cigarette promotions . 
  every few meters was another `` smoking lounge '' sponsored by some cigarette brand , with their brand name on the main airport wayfinding signs !, 
  for example , an arrow pointing to `` gates 1-15 , restrooms , marlboro light smoking lounge '' in the middle of the corridor there were huge cigarette displays you could barely walk past with your luggage . 
  it almost seems like you have something insightful about ai to say here , but i ca n't quite tell because it comes off as such a crazy rant . 
  what exactly is your point ? 
  it really shocks me how smokers believe they are somehow exempt from conventions on littering . 
  such a basic disregard for public space ; it 's revoltingly antisocial behavior . 
   and then you set / r/europe on private against what the will of probably the majority of the users here . 
  i 'd guess the majority of users never even noticed ; i doubt most people check in every day . 
  among those who might have noticed , you 're making a wild guess . 
  i did n't mind ; it 's / r/europe , not the drinking water supply . 
  twelve hours without it is n't going to harm anyone . 
  it does n't really work in a society where there 's a lot of ethnic/cultural diversity , unless you 're comfortable with leaving many people out of the fun . 
  at this point , if the ns were to solve their punctuality problems , the social fabric in the netherlands would unravel , because everyone would lose the excuse they use four times a week for being late . 
  which hardly matters since the food wo n't be ready until 11:30 . 
   french have a lot of social boundaries , it annoys us no end when people just smash through them . 
  it 's not reasonable to expect short-term foreign visitors to have internalized these . 
  in tokyo half the people stand on the left and half the people stand on the right . 
  it 's a mess . 
  whoever gets on the escalator first sets the standard until the next lull . 
   some tourists seem to believe that they can stop us and ask for help/directions out of the fucking blue . 
  i do n't mind helping out , but if i want to and i do n't always want to . 
  fortunately you sound like much more of an asshole than any parisians i 've interacted with . 
  i get asked for directions all the time ( in amsterdam ) . 
  it takes a few seconds to answer , and it 's a chance to be helpful to someone , which is one of the most important things we can do in life . 
  i view it as a privilege . 
   not going to lie , i 'll rather buy light and cheap plastic bottles than drag a heavy crate of water all back to my apartment and up to the top floor . 
  the water pressure in the taps is too low to reach your floor ? 
   plastic bottles have become pretty much the standard container for soft drinks ( cans for beer ) i always wondered - why does n't anyone use plastic bottles for beer ? 
  it applies in almost every big city worldwide . 
  i bet i can make you cringe more . 
  when you go to ireland , where the `` national '' language is gaelic , do you ask people whether they speak english before every conversation you start ? 
  after all , like in the netherlands , everyone you 'll encounter can speak english but you have invented a standard that it 's necessary to ask them anyway . 
   i think he meant that as americans all look like one culture , europe too would all look like one culture . 
  not that europeans would emulate american culture . 
  my hamburger example was sort of a joke . 
  but i was serious about the architecture and everything else . 
  why would those converge ? 
   please have the respect to atleast ask the person if he speaks english honestly this sounds like your problem much more than theirs . 
  maybe you have the wrong job . 
  again , why do you so desperately want someone to ask you something that everyone already knows the answer to ? 
  should they also first ask whether you are deaf ? 
  whether you really work in the shop ? 
  whether you 're emotionally prepared to have a conversation ? 
   to me it feels very ignorant , arrogant , rude and cocky and it always pisses me off so that i 'd rather not help that person . 
  the netherlands has built an international reputation on its facility with english ; this is one of the things that draws so many tourists here . 
  if you 'd rather not have the tourists here at all , of course you have a right to that opinion . 
  however , now that they are here , i do n't find it reasonable to penalize them for believing what almost everyone else here is telling them about the ease of getting by in english . 
  it 's not arrogant , rude , or cocky . 
  it 's an expression of their confidence in the dutch population 's ability to speak english . 
   when a language dies all the literature written in that language dies with it . 
  in almost every case , i 'd think that most literature fades into obscurity faster than the language itself disappears . 
  the few items that have n't faded into obscurity will be translated . 
  almost every popular book from a hundred years ago is forgotten , regardless of the language 's persistence . 
  the few that are not , can easily be translated if they have n't already . 
  you 're confusing preference with ability . 
   how many `` fluent '' esl speakers do you think know what words like impetuous and impregnable mean ? 
  consider your population samples . 
  most native english speakers will never use those words in their lifetimes , except perhaps a few times in school . 
  on the other hand i 'd assume most highly-educated esl speakers will know them , because they have ready access to that level of nuance in their own language and they will therefore want the same expressive range in any other language they are using often . 
   if every european spoke exclusively english , europe would just look like america . 
  in what sense ? 
  europeans would tear down their diverse buildings and re-build them to all look the same ? 
  they 'd stop eating different foods in different countries and all eat hamburgers with aerosol cheese ? 
  they 'd abandon their political , musical , artistic , economic , academic , and other differences ? 
  seems highly unlikely that all this has to do with language . 
  do ghana , singapore , belize , and new zealand `` look just like america '' , since they all speak english ? 
   when i am at work and ( tourist ) customers approach me and start asking me questions in english , i find it pretty rude and arrogant for not asking me if i speak english . 
  why ? 
  do n't you speak english ? 
  would you prefer they presumed you were so uneducated that you did n't ? 
   well , english became popular because of the internet , which started around the american arpanet . 
    so if some other very useful/popular thing appears , that is centered around another language , that language could become the new norm . 
  however , now every new useful/popular thing happens in english . 
  it 's hard for me to envision a scenario in which an emergent useful/popular thing would n't switch to english long before it grew to any appreciable size . 
  i do n't feel like that happened here ( netherlands ) . 
  at shops with small margins ( supermarkets , etc. ), 
  items are priced with any amount , for example 1.68 . 
   no , there were 1 and 2 cent versions , and those can still be used for payments in the netherlands to this day . 
  try paying with 1 or 2 cent coins at , for example , albert heijn . 
  after a trip to france or germany i have a pocket full of them , but i can never find anyone to accept them . 
  i 've been made to pay via pin when the alternative was to make up the sum with 1 and 2 cent coins . 
  even in the uk the police have armed units for situations where it 's necessary .
