  the article says they 'll lose out on 12 million euros ... that 's a lot of money to lose , out of good will . 
  i think that 's only a direct cost measure . 
  the reduction in vehicle congestion will save a large amount of money to the general public in regained productivity and improved health . 
   and can somebody further clarify what it is all about ? 
  there 's a deadlock on budget issues which , until addressed , results in a rollback to tax rates from a few years ago , and a few other things . 
  all this talk of the `` fiscal cliff '' is hype-mongering . 
  it serves the media 's interest because they need drama to attract eyeballs , and it serves the politicians ' interest because it gives them something to blame on their counterparts in the opposing party . 
  in fact it 's just a budget negotiation . 
  they happen all the time . 
  it will get solved sooner or later , like they always do . 
   a pan-european cellphone would have to provide customer service in many languages , unlike american providers like at&t . 1 . 
  at&t provides customer service in [ many languages ] ( http://world.att.com/ ) . 
  almost every american company provides service in at least a few languages . 
  unlike europeans , americans tend to be much more pragmatic and less political about language . 
  customer service is outsourced to call centers anyway . 
  there are call center operators that provide reps for every european language . 
   i do n't see cellphone providers voluntarily wanting to give up the profit that comes with charging us extra for european calls . 
  surely you 've noticed how over the past few years intra-eu roaming rates have fallen dramatically . 
  the maximum you can be charged for an incoming call when roaming in the eu is now $ 0.08 / minute , down to 0.07 next year and 0.05 in 2014 . 
  a few short years ago ( before 2007 ) you were quite likely paying $ 1 or more . 
  the phone companies did n't volunteer to do this , [ neelie kroes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neelie_kroes ) made them do it . 
   and then there 's the language barrier not sure what this has to do with charging for phone calls . 
  at least my phone company does n't translate calls for me . 
  thailand has much faster internet than malaysia , and at the same time a far smaller percentage of the population using it . 
  there are many factors , including regulation and government investment in infrastructure -- often enacted in hopes of creating demand and enabling it industry -- which may result in better broadband speeds . 
  there 's almost noplace where broadband is anything like an unadulterated free market . 
   also , the english did not appreciate their norman french-speaking lords very much . 
  they may not have appreciated them at the time , but here we stand a thousand years later , english having been vastly enriched by linguistic gifts from france . 
  if the `` keep our language pure '' people in the 11th century had been as organized as their fellow travelers in quebec and other places in the 21st , english would be a very different creature today , lacking in the amazing expressive depth that makes it so rich and enjoyable to use . 
  i think that would be a real shame . 
  i believe the people who decry the leakage of foreign words into their languages are sorely lacking in historical perspective , and furthermore , i think they show a kind of shallow arrogance in believing that their language as it stands in 2012 is somehow perfect and must be protected from the taint of outsiders , while failing to consider all the past lexical migrations that led to its current form . 
   mexican culture has a huge influence ( especially food and beer ) . 
  but that has more to do with mexico bordering america . 
  i highly doubt there would be as large of an exchange had we not been neighbors . 
  yes -- though this is intertwined with earlier history , when much of the southwest was ultimately controlled from madrid . 
  however , today i think the usa 's general receptiveness to immigration is a major factor . 
  in many parts of the country mexicans are thinner on the ground than central americans , who have also been arriving in large numbers for decades . 
  of course the fact that they share a common language with each other and with mexicans makes it possible to achieve a linguistic critical mass that immigrants from , say , asia ca n't . 
  cambodians and vietnamese and chinese are n't going to be listening to the same radio stations . 
   it 's better to be creative and to make up our own words why ? 
  i ask in all seriousness . 
  if a word is available and can be conformed to existing grammar and general pronunciation , then why is it better to artificially duplicate what has already come into being naturally ? 
  it 's like gmo vocabulary . 
  how do you feel about the earlier dutchification and germanification of american english in the 1700s and 1800s , not to mention the transformative frenchification of english centuries earlier ? 
  was that bad too ? 
  or only in the other direction ? 
   the market for foreign films in america is much smaller than the market for american films in europe . 
  many europeans speak english , but most americans only speak english . 
  therefore european films find it difficult to penetrate deeply into america . 
  if you wanted exposure to the full menu of european films , are you prepared to learn a second language ? 
  or more realistically , a third and fourth and fifth ? 
  there are always sub titled films , but nevertheless , language is a very real barrier . 
  this is disingenuous . 
  most of the european population watches american films with subtitles or overdubbing . 
  in fact , outside of special showings -- or english-speaking countries -- pretty much everyone does . 
  europeans are more willing to watch american films with subtitles than to watch their own films . 
  this is partly because hollywood is very good at producing the video equivalent of donuts -- something that subverts the brain 's reward-incentive system in order to manipulate behavior in favor of a commercial product . 
  but it 's also because the film finance system in the usa allows the production of vast numbers of very expensive films , something that few other countries have shown the will or inclination to duplicate . 
   where is the cultural exchange between america and non-english speaking european countries ? 
  it 's not an exchange , it 's one-sided . 
  i do n't think that 's true at all . 
  the usa is the world 's best incorporator of other cultures . 
  it 's the country where you 'd find the broadest range of high-quality foreign cuisines . 
  it 's also where you 'd find the broadest range of imported goods in general , not to mention imported words and other ideas . 
  you 'll find more people from diverse cultural backgrounds in positions of leadership and influence than anywhere else . 
  and do n't forget , it 's not just an anglophone country . 
  spanish is the primary language for 40 million americans -- that 's almost as many people as live in spain . 
  the usa is also a nexus for hispanic culture throughout the americas , with music and tv/film production and distribution based in centers like miami . 
  last time i went to church , it seemed like more of a social club for rich people than anything else . 
  obviously that has a lot to do with the particular church i was at , but perhaps that explains something . 
  i wonder if they have to get special trading hours exemptions from the local council . 
  which world war happened in the coliseum again ? 
   iran which has been suffering from heavy sanctions for the last 33 years heavily out performs them . 
  they 've had to . 
  unlike the gulf states who can buy billion dollar toys , the iranians have been learning to be as self-sufficient as possible . 
  i 'd say the roots of the difference are more historical than magic reaction to sanctions . 
  for centuries persia 's great cities were huge regional ( and even global ) centers of knowledge . 
  much of this legacy remains in attitudes towards education and other cultural characteristics . 
  on the other hand , until the arrival of oil , the bedouin countries of the arabian peninsula were characerized by hardscrabble hand-to-mouth subsistence living . 
  in iran those religious leaders are also the leaders of the country . 
  in saudi arabia they are quite separate , and often at odds with the leaders of the country . 
  believe it or not , in saudi arabia there is at least a serious and concerted effort -- if uneven and maddeningly slow at times -- to move towards social modernization . 
  it is wonderful to live in saudi arabia as compared to afghanistan . 
  the electricity works , you have comparatively little concern about coming to physical harm ( other than from the driving ) in your everyday life , you have access to top-notch research facilities , etc. 
  not sure that tells us much ; i 'd expect a substantial proportion of serious papers in china are published in english , as they are most everywhere else . 
  there are local buses to saarbr\u00fccken ( germany ) , and from there the student bus fare to paris is $ 39 . 
  personally i 'd just take the train ; it will take 2 hours ( instead of 6 ) and does n't cost much more . 
   it would be like calling us `` frenchies '' or people from pakistan `` pakis '' ? 
  i understand the argument ( even if i do n't entirely agree with it ; imho a clear loud refutation is a better approach than giving somene 's position martyrdom through censorship ) , i am simply pointing out the fact that political speech is not as free under the law in much of europe as it is in the usa . 
  you could make similar arguments about any unpopular position . 
  `` in europe '' is correct . 
  on earth you can find cheeseburgers . 
  that does n't mean you can find them everywhere on earth , but you can certainly find them here . 
  someone else has already posted this link , but i 'll repeat it here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/laws_against_holocaust_denial, 
  holocaust : did it happen ? 
  i 'll take the `` yes '' position , you take `` no '' , and we 'll hash it out on german tv . 
   and to me , `` free speech '' does not include censorship like we see in the us , bleeping of words and blurring of images are not free speech but censored speech . 
  it goes both ways . 
  in the us you have bleeping out of curse words on free-to-air tv channels , and in europe you have criminal penalties for making offhand insults or for debating about history . 
  all in all , i think the us wins the free speech contest .
