  and a substantial share of goods manufactured in the uk are for domestic consumption , so the savings do n't balance out . 
   if the pound is devastated what does that make the dollar or euro ? 
  the dollar or euro ? 
  their paths have diverged sharply of late . 
   the bank of england has been trying to reduce the pounds value for years , people using this as a way to say brexit has had a bad reaction do n't seem to understand this . 
  reducing the value of the pound while remaining in the common market would be a good thing . 
  reducing the value of the pound without access to an export market just means treading water . 
   for smaller businesses flexible contracts can be very useful so i do n't think they should be outlawed . 
  they could be limited to a certain share of a company 's total payroll , or phased out as total payroll increases . 
  what do you expect the uk to export that does n't substantially depend on foreign inputs ? 
  woolen hats ? 
  tv quiz shows ? 
  there is some growth due to capital inflows resulting from british shares suddenly becoming a tremendous bargain in the wake of a devastated pound . 
  they never changed it ; it 's not true . 
  you can use a german id card to fly ryanair throughout europe . 
  his quote is about the irish `` passport card '' which is a very new phenomenon . 
  the quote you found is from their irish site and appears to be targeting people of irish nationality . 
  ireland does not issue an id card the same way as many other eu countries ; theirs is only issued as a companion to the passport . 
  on ryanair 's dutch site you can see that they do accept id cards from countries that issue them in the `` normal '' way ( and i know from personal experience that this is true ) : https://www.ryanair.com/nl/nl/nuttige-informatie/klantenservice/veelgestelde-vragen#0-2  internationale vlucht - geaccepteerde reisdocumenten :   - een geldig paspoort . 
  translation : international flight - accepted travel documents - a valid passport - a valid national identity card issued by the government of a country in the eea . 
  only the following eea countries currently issue national identity cards that are accepted for ryanair flights : belgium , bulgaria , cyprus , germany , estonia , finland , france , gibraltar , greece , hungary , italy , croatia , latvia , liechtenstein , lithuania , luxembourg , malta , netherlands , austria , poland , portugal , romania , slovakia , slovenia , spain , czech republic , sweden , switzerland . 
   i did n't know that was the case for eea countries . 
  good point , however many airlines only accept a passport as a valid form of identification . 
  all airlines accept eu id cards for travel within the eu . 
  the netherlands already has some of the most expensive mobile service in europe , despite being the country where it would theoretically be the cheapest to operate , due to extremely poor performance from the regulator . 
  people are n't nearly as worked up about that as i 'd hope . 
  so all you need is two sim cards , a cheap old phone , and someone to swap them out and mail you the other one every two months ... 
   an exceptional and temporary derogation system for operators to be used only if authorised by the national regulator , under strict circumstances when the end of roaming charges in a specific market could lead to price increases for domestic customers . 
  what 's to stop every country from making this claim ? 
   if greece suddenly desided for marriage equality it would create a legal mess why ? 
  why is it different in greece from in any other of these countries that started from the same position ? 
  lead has no structural strength . 
  it does n't take long for an opening to form . 
  anyway , the fact that we 're having this discussion already shows that it 's more dangerous than solar . 
   do you assume it would be dangerous just because it has the word nuclear in the name ? 
  there is no reason to think a fusion reactor would be more dangerous than a solar power station . 
  fusion reactions produce high quantities of neutron radiation , which is an extremely serious health hazard . 
  if there is a fire or physical damage which compromises the reactor 's shielding , then people on site and in the vicinity are at risk . 
  also , neutron activation gradually turns the materials surrounding the reactor radioactive , which means dangerous waste that needs to somehow be regularly disposed of . 
  it 's not the same scale of problem as with fission reactors , but it 's still vastly more of an issue than with solar . 
   i 'd like to point out that the environmental impact of a solar powered system with some form of storage for nights/cloudy days using feasible technology is likely to have a significantly greater environmental impact than a nuclear fusion system of the same power capacity . 
  not feasible everywhere , but [ molten salt ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/crescent_dunes_solar_energy_project ) is not particularly harmful , other than of course being hot . 
  i 'd rather have that spill than be bombarded with free neutrons , thank you very much . 
  however safe earthbound fusion might eventually theoretically be , it 's still safer to leave the actual reactor 93 million miles away and use solar to capture its output . 
  the inefficiency is not that big of a deal ; we 're not paying for the fuel . 
   saying that a fusion reactor works , while it 's net output is negative , is like saying that a ball pen works , but does n't write anything . 
  i would have said it 's like saying your new type of car works , but you have to push it . 
  pollution , pollution , pollution , traffic , and the general gruffness . 
  if i were to live in china it would have to be in a rural area , where the air is at least clean-ish and people are friendly . 
  also i find it has a lot less of cultural interest than beijing . 
  it 's not modern and efficient like hong kong , it does n't have amazing historical landmarks like beijing , it 's just a really really big dirty city . 
  please no . 
  just not my kind of place . 
  no city , no transit , no character , no charm , too spread out . 
  as i mentioned in a response to someone else , i get a weird uncomfortable feeling from people in vienna . 
  i have lived all over the world , from riyadh to sydney to kuala lumpur to london ( and many others ) without having this experience . 
  frankfurt too boring , and i just feel very uncomfortable in vienna . 
  i 'm not white and i get the feeling that it 's to do with racism but i ca n't really tell , as everyone is very polite . 
  something there just makes me feel icky . 
  these lists never seem to make sense . 
  this one contains a number of cities i would n't live in for all the money in the world ( houston , vienna , basel , frankfurt , geneva , zurich , beijing , shanghai ) . 
  i am sure your take would be different , and so would that of the next person we ask . 
  `` usually '' is not the basis for making a legal decision on what happens to someone 's relatives . 
   two buildings on repulic square my god those are depressing . 
  i would avoid that entire part of town . 
   it would stop iran from acquiring nuclear weapons no it wo n't . 
   many lives wont be lost we would crush them in a week seriously , have you learned nothing from the past 15 years ? 
  it 's hard to imagine how someone could be so willfully clueless . 
   a lower value pound is n't the end of the world . 
  it comes pretty close , for a country that depends on imports for a critical range of goods , and paid for those imports with services exports that it will no longer be able to generate . 
  it 's not about access to oil ; that access is a given . 
  everyone sells their oil ; if they do n't , they lose their power . 
  it was about making an excuse to burn through a lot of very expensive military gear , about the opportunity to coercively negotiate favorable oil services contracts , and i genuinely think that for the true believers , it was about strengthening the us sphere of influence through spreading democracy . 
  sounds like zaanse schaans . 
   his point ( and mine also , partially ) is that the parade is not going to neither convince nor counter anything , therefore it 's moot . 
  it 's not `` moot '' ; it gives a chance for complete welcoming openness to people who for 364 days a year have to worry about the social/work consequences of being who they are . 
   as someone who is n't a a racist sexist bigot homophobe transphobe islamophobe i 'm sick of getting bombarded by the media , institutions , reddit posts , tv , etc. 
  with `` say no to racism '' , gay pride , feminist ads or events . 
  weird , i do n't care at all . 
  how does it bother me , any more than seeing ads for a kind of food or genre of music that i do n't prefer ? 
  \u0130t 's a turkish joke . 
  to be consistent the first one would have to be an '' \u0130 '' , not an `` i '' . 
  well , that 's about how german people say `` little '' when speaking english , so it still works . 
  you must have been thrilled on september 11 2001 . 
  i bet you did n't see that coming . 
   i have decided that in my opinion i would not go this this police station . 
  what does that mean ? 
  if you needed the police , you would instead stand across the road with your arms folded , pouting in stormy silence until they agreed to rebuild their station ? 
  i feel very bad for you , that you have created such a pit of fear to live in . 
  english is better spoken in many southeast asian countries than in many european countries . 
  also , it has a head start - so many people already speak it , and almost all of the world 's non-locality-specific scholarship from the past few decades is available in english . 
  the challenging parts are different . 
  german has ( excessively ) complex grammar , and the need to memorize noun genders , but a consistent orthography so it 's easy to pronounce once you know it . 
  english has a simpler and more flexible grammar , but the orthography is absurd , so non-native speakers have a hard time guessing how to pronounce and spell words . 
  people who are good at pub quizzes will know , but most people will have forgotten from the time their teacher mentioned it once when they were 7 . 
  it 's bad for service workers , it 's bad for service , and it 's bad for customers . 
  it 's only good for the people who own restaurants . 
  http://www.npr.org/sections/alltechconsidered/2015/08/17/432601480/diy-tractor-repair-runs-afoul-of-copyright-law https://www.eff.org/issues/right-to-repair, 
  it 's more illegal for americans to repair electronics ( and tractors , and many other things ) . 
  the dmca has been specifically used to prevent it .
