  you do n't just send some people out to the fields with packets of mail-order seeds and some watering cans . 
  take a look at two london-based publications ' cheerleading about why london is the greatest ? 
  sounds like you did n't read the post you responded to . 
  i wo n't bother repeating the same points . 
   it 's the most visited in the world , like all these things , a quick google turned up a bunch of different lists , which variously said that hong kong , bangkok were most-visited . 
  for the most part , only sites with a . co.uk domain put london on top . 
   \\ # 1 global financial center meaningless . 
  from year to year new york , hong kong , and london trade this spot on various lists , none of which necessarily agree with the others . 
  there 's no agreed-upon objective metric . 
   \\ # 1 on global city index meaningless . 
  anyone can make a city index and weight it with criteria that are important to them . 
  i find it astonishing that seemingly intelligent people would put any stock in such nonsense . 
   london has the highest percentage of foreign born residents out of any city in the world . 
  not even close . 
  on top would be dubai that has over 80 % foreign born residents . 
  [ london has only 36.7 % ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ethnic_groups_in_london ) . 
  that 's less than luxembourg , miami , singapore , geneva , and i 'm sure many others . 
   so you 're using your own anecdotal observations ? 
  right ... of course i am ; it 's a fundamentally subjective description . 
  for every random list you find that calls london # 1 , i can find one that calls new york # 1 , or vienna , or melbourne , or whatever . 
  what matters ( to the extent that any of this matters ) is what 's the # 1 city in the eye of the beholder . 
  for the reasons i describe , new york beats london for me . 
  i initially responded the way i did because your claim had the tone of objectivity which struck me as silly . 
  i 've lived in london . 
  i 've also lived in new york which is more diverse , livelier , the center of a wider range of contemporary commercial and cultural phenomena , a better city for eating , more visually dramatic , and more affordable to live in . 
  how useful is your military when they 're eating their shoes ? 
  while i 'm proud of you for having new zealand as a strong political ally , that 's definitely a powerhouse asset ... 
  i question this :  our country is set to grow in prominence going into the future ( whereas the rest of europe is set to decline ) what 's your basis ? 
   we also have the number 1 city in the world um nope . 
   the filthy filthy people who work and run those horrible unproductive , wasteful , nonprofitable farms should just curl over and die or something . 
  agriculture is important and we need to make sure it remains economically viable in europe , but i do n't think you have the right reasons for it . 
  propping up an industry for generations because we 're too cowardly to face the temporary pain of labor adjustments is not good policy . 
  fortunately for the farmers , this is not the main reason for the subsidies . 
   and second farming subsidies are a bad thing not a good thing , a wasteful endevour that redistributes wealth from productive areas in the economy to lagging , unproductive , wasteful , nonprofitable farms . 
  the subsidies may need some tuning , but there is a very important strategic value to maintaining a level of agricultural self-sufficiency . 
  this is worth more than a bunch of fighter jets . 
  the environment is more important than the economy . 
  you can have good and bad economies with a good environment , but you can not have anything with a bad environment . 
   you try to shit on something positive that happened in estonia it 's not some amazing thing that happened , it 's normal statistical variation in a country with a poor homicide rate by european standards . 
  3.0 per 100000 is pretty high for europe . 
  i did n't downvote you . 
  remember , we are writing things that everyone in the world can see !, 
  and they can vote too . 
  with great power ( to write shit that everyone in the world can see ) comes great responsibility . 
   go to the web site of any major news site and use their internal search . 
  if your guy did time for terrorism for instance it will show up . 
  news sites come and go . 
  things disappear in mergers . 
  not everything was a news article . 
  maybe it was a heavily corroborated post on a neighborhood forum about how buurman jan had a habit of peeing off his balcony 10 years ago , and now he 's doing it again , and i want to let the neighborhood commission know . 
   easy to say . 
  i was lucky enough to be born before social media was a thing and as a result there is no digital evidence of all the dumb shit i did when i was a teenager . 
  your advice is basically `` do n't make mistakes and you 'll be fine '' which is easier said than done . 
  i was almost certainly born before you were , and i 'm weathering the changes just fine . 
  in an era when everyone 's teenage mistakes are public , nobody 's going to be holding people accountable for them thirty years down the road . 
   removing the results from showing up on search does not remove them for the internet altogether , it will simply make them harder to find as you actually have to go to the source to look for them . 
  if nobody can find it , it 's basically not there . 
  there are millions of web sites , how would you know what `` the source '' is ? 
   a few decades ago , if you wanted to find dirt on someone you 'd perhaps have to hire a private detective - the process would take a lot of time and money . 
  now , you can do a simple google search on anyone you meet within seconds and find out their whole life stories , whether they like it or not . 
  does that seem fair to you ? 
  it 's definitely different from how things were before , but i would n't describe it as `` unfair '' . 
  it 's an equal-opportunity game . 
  and you have substantial control over the information about you that 's online . 
  i know many people who have almost no online footprint , without wielding this right-to-be-forgotten abomination . 
  they exercise self-control over what they post and who they associate with . 
  if something is false and defamatory then of course i think it 's reasonable that there be a legal remedy . 
  but if something is true , and you simply wish people did n't know it , well , i think that 's your problem . 
  the `` right to be forgotten '' is one of the most fucked-up , oppressive , orwellian things to ever come out of brussels . 
  it is insane that people should be allowed to change the historic record simply because they do n't like it . 
  i hope that google fights this all the way . 
  nope , only in a few border cities in the south of the country . 
  not in amsterdam . 
  public policy is n't about blaming the shrooms for being naughty . 
  they are a fungus . 
  nobody is assigning guilt to them . 
  it 's about finding the balance between enforcement and tolerance that leads to best overall outcomes . 
  confession : i have a bit of a man crush on france . 
  the national motto , with its earnest aspiration , sometimes makes me tear up a little bit . 
  after reading dozens of 18th and 19th century french novels , i nurse a penchant for wandering the streets of paris after dark , when i can almost imagine i might encounter the characters skulking in the shadows . 
  not once you 're in . 
   because the us demands us border control before the flight so on dutch/european soil . 
  it works in our favor as passengers , as far as i can tell . 
  - instead of minimum 3-hour connections , it 's now fine to have 45-minute connections for onward internal us flights . 
  - the option for direct flights from amsterdam to non-international us airports . 
  - dutch management and contracting for at least some of the process . 
  - no chance of being turned away upon arrival to the us . 
  if you 're turned away , it 's before sitting on a plane for 8 hours . 
  - no chance of being detained by the us if they really do n't like you at immigration - or if you simply decide you do n't like the questions they 're asking . 
  the worst they can do is call the koninklijke marechaussee . 
  where 's the downside ? 
  as long as it 's done more like dublin than the abu dhabi clusterfuck it seems like a pretty good idea to me . 
  given that schiphol management will be heavily involved i 'd expect it to be done fairly well . 
  you mean the one about terrorist activities and so on ? 
  if you lie on the form they have legal basis to exclude you immediately , without going through a lengthy court process . 
  obviously the point of the form is not to get terrorists to confess . 
   it is an insult to my country and its sovereignty . 
  do n't be a child . 
  this is how international relations work . 
   the last time i drove to the us , i waited in my car for 1 hour at the border and was questioned for a couple minutes while my passport was checked in their system .
