  they pleaded with them over and over not to do that , and that we 'd fight for land if that were the case . 
  you seem to imply that anyone who acts despite a threat of violence is somehow responsible for that violence . 
  i remember they did that 10 years ago but do they still ? 
  india uses a half-hour time zone too , as does the central part of australia . 
  and nepal is on a 15-minute time zone . 
  mainly , i think , because it would be quite confusing to have the day boundary happen at different times of day depending on where you are . 
  wait , if they 're every 22 years then i missed three of them . 
   alcohol is illegal in iran . 
  nevertheless the country has a long history of winemaking which i can assure you continues to this day . 
   in a few months the sun wo n't set until around 22:30 ish in nw spain . 
  i f ` ing hate utc +1 and dst . 
  that 's when it goes down in the netherlands in the summer and i love it !, 
  bbqs way into the evening , parks full of happy people . 
  the thing that they 're rejecting - the ability for foreign corporations to have national laws effectively invalidated - is quite central to ttip . 
  as long as that is the case , it should rightly be rejected by any democratic politician . 
   that said , i can understand why boring easily offended people would hate jezza . 
  you won me over !, 
  i would n't try to persuade someone that my taste is better than theirs , because that 's nonsense . 
  but personally , while alan davies is silly , he 's made me laugh heartily on many occasions . 
  and anderson is a clever fellow . 
  but clarkson only makes me feel unpleasant , like sitting near a rubbish bin that 's long-overdue to be emptied . 
   i know he can be a bit of an asshole but he 's the star of the most popular show in the world , come on . 
  this is why the move would give me a lot of respect for bbc . 
  it would remind us that they care about more than cheap populism . 
  being popular is n't the same as being good , or being worthwhile . 
  i 'm willing to bet bbc 's lawyers will be warming up their typewriters with glee if they try it . 
   i always thought people liked him . 
  i definitely get that impression from reddit , but i have a hard time fathoming how . 
  granted , my only real experience of him is with his appearances on qi , but he 's the only person that makes me want to turn that show off . 
  a more pompous , revolting , offensive persona i can not imagine in a non-fictional tv personality . 
  my real fear is that getting fired from top gear will leave him with lots of free time for more qi appearances . 
  so what you are saying is , because they failed to punish one person for doing wrong , they must let everyone else do as many wrong things as they feel like . 
  it will be interesting to see if this sort of thing ends up jeopardizing maltese citizens ' right to use the vwp to enter the usa without a visa . 
   how is it bribery ? 
  as / u/slusny _ cizinec said , malta is n't only offering the right to participate in the economy , but also political rights . 
  i agree that these should not be for sale . 
  does n't matter whether or not they 're in schengen ; eu members have to allow the free movement of each other 's nationals in all ordinary circumstances regardless of schengen participation . 
   it is also the collapse of a single city , yet it massively damaged their auto industry . 
  i do n't know if any auto company tied to that city will ever recover . 
  i do n't think there 's much connection , at least not in that direction . 
  the auto companies had already started moving out of detroit long before the city crumbled . 
  some factories moved to the suburbs , and others moved all the way across the country to states offering more lucrative tax incentives . 
  surely that hastened the collapse in detroit , but i do n't believe detroit 's problems had any significant negative impact on the auto industry . 
  the big three created their own problems without any help from detroit . 
  there are a lot of countries in the middle east and asia where you can pretty much never get citizenship unless your family is from there ( or in some cases , from the region ) . 
  a small amount of bribery is still bribery . 
  takes years though . 
   these are not fake . 
  they are genuine passports that contain invalid information . 
  if it contains invalid information then it 's fake . 
  even if they 're printed in the same books used to make real passports , that does n't make them real . 
  one necessary characteristic of a real passport is that it contains valid data . 
  if i steal a real badge and uniform from a police officer and wear them , it does n't make me a police officer . 
  vladimir 's citizenship could be immediately invalidated as it was obtained by fraudulent means . 
  the fact that passports were issued does n't mean that the people named in the passports were citizens . 
   they are not fake , that is the issue . 
  you have people working in government offices that handle issuing citizenship , nothing stops a person from entering the system , adding someones information and giving them a passport . 
  that 's fake , and it can be invalidated if discovered . 
  citizenship is not about holding a document . 
  it 's a legal status that has a specific set of requirements . 
  the document is only a document . 
  to help you understand : if you paid a corrupt official in romania to issue `` authentic '' documents that said you were a woman , would that make you female ? 
   if a german murders someone in the usa and goes home , and the us demands him back and shows evidence , he 's probably going to be sent back . 
  not if it 's a death penalty state . 
  top tip for european murderers in the usa : do your murderin ' in texas . 
  i do n't disagree in principle , but i 'm not sure that explains why the prices on amazon.fr , amazon.de , and amazon.co.uk are often so different for the same items . 
  these are countries with relatively similar income levels . 
  only for books . 
  there 's free delivery from the german site but i think the language issue imposes a significant barrier . 
   sales tax is the purview of state governments . 
  plus , in some cases , county/city governments . 
  i do n't think anyone still sells monitors that do n't work on 100-240v . 
   prices in the us are usually listed without vat , while in europe they are with . 
  the highest sales tax in the usa is about 10 % , and many locations have 0 % ; the lowest vat in the eu is 17 % ( luxembourg ) but most are over 20 % . 
   besides that the prices are mostly equal as far as i 'm aware . 
  only right now , because the eur has slipped so far against usd and prices have n't caught up . 
  typically the final price for consumer goods ( including all taxes charged , and delivery if applicable ) is much lower in the usa . 
  aside from the obvious , like vat , which does n't account for all the difference , i believe it 's because the market in the eu continues to be very fragmented . 
  most people only look within their country 's borders -- and if they 're buying for use by a small business , this is even more the case because intra-eu vat rebating is a huge pita . 
  therefore there really is n't a lot of competition in most cases . 
  germany is the largest country in the eurozone and also has some of the lowest prices on consumer goods , and i do n't think that 's entirely a coincidence . 
  there are n't really any eu-wide online retailers to keep shops honest on prices . 
  i do n't know why it has n't happened yet , but i believe it will be good for consumers when it does . 
  already amazon , with its limited reach ( uk/germany/france / spain/italy ) , is putting some pressure on local chains . 
  however , even they are playing the game , pricing to national markets rather than offering uniform eu-wide competitive prices . 
  that would make current stock cheaper , not more expensive ; not many retailers have changed their prices significantly since the freefall began . 
  geneva has the un . 
  that 's pretty much the only reason to be there , but it 's a big one . 
  yes , a lot of people who work in geneva live across the border in france . 
  it 's an easy commute by bicycle , slightly annoying due to traffic if you do it by car . 
   floor -2 does suggest that it 's two floors underground so you 're probably right . 
  that part of monaco is on a steep hill , so it 's possible that it 's floor -2 on the entrance side but still has a view out the other side of the building . 
  likewise the supermarkets located right over the border . 
  the car parks are full of swiss-tagged cars , being filled with the half-price groceries chosen from ten times the selection of the astonishingly shitty swiss supermarkets . 
  the ones within geneva proper are just taking the piss . 
  you can almost hear the evil laughter every time some dejected soul actually buys something there . 
   they could charge the same rate as their pay-as-you-go subscription at least in the netherlands , each operator has its own name-brand payg service , as well as any number of discount-brand versions of the same service at lower prices for market segmentation purposes . 
  and then there are all the mvnos . 
  within each of these there are bundles and packages available that change the effective rate . 
  i 'm sure this is substantially the same in every european country .
