  in your twisted system we have more freedom when every person holds the power of life and death over everyone they meet . 
  in a more sober view , that amounts to gaining one freedom ( the freedom to kill ) at the expense of a host of others exercised far more frequently and to greater gain . 
   you are saying that because i may judge something badly i should not be allowed to make that judgement at all , an extremely authoritarian position to take , and one which i reject . 
  you are of course free to make any judgment you like . 
  i question whether it makes sense to increase the people 's ability to act with fatal finality on the hasty judgments they may make . 
   if you wish to be infantilised by the state then by all means go ahead but do not try to force your desire upon those of us who accept adulthood . 
  your quick recourse to recycled extremist dogma is telling . 
  i am not forcing anything ; i am sitting at a desk typing on a computer . 
  i would , however , encourage everyone for whom `` adulthood '' means walking around carrying guns , to find a place where they can play `` adult '' together , and leave the rest of us in peace . 
  it 's a win-win . 
  if you have questions about the difference between `` encourage '' and `` force '' , please check a dictionary . 
   that 's why we have laws which judge my actions . 
  the laws that judge your actions are not much consolation to the parents of the kid who you shot for pulling a phone out of his pocket when he walked by you at 2am . 
   i feel kind of sorry for you . 
  i 'll take your cheap pity if it means i get to keep my freedom and safety , thanks . 
   except those who try to wrong me in your eyes . 
  what you perceive as a threat is not necessarily congruent with what actually is . 
  and no , the basic point is that by increasing the stakes , you increase the chances that criminals will carry firearms too . 
  this arms race has ramifications for everyone . 
  you 're mischaracterizing it as a personal matter between you and some robber , when in fact it 's a social issue with consequences for everyone . 
   inner city areas being poor and outer country areas also being poor , but suburban areas being wealthy . 
  in france ? 
  the inner city is where the money is . 
  i do n't think it 's detailed enough to show the real story . 
  in france most villages have no coverage , or just one main road through town . 
  in the netherlands almost every single lane in the entire country is covered , even the insides of some buildings . 
  that i 'm not sure about . 
  one would expect the central bank would come out with some numbers soon , given the increasing play the numbers on dutch household debt have been getting over the past couple months . 
   so , you 'd say this article does n't give any new information ? 
  i see . 
  looks that way to me . 
   would n't it all depend on the size of the savings though ? 
  i mean , is the difference between dutch and other-eu-countries consumer debts small enough that it can be covered by the savings ? 
  here 's how it works : you take out a mortgage . 
  at the same time a companion savings account is opened at the same bank . 
  each month you are required to deposit into that account an amount equal to what an ordinary mortgage payment would be . 
  at the end of the mortgage period , the bank is paid off using the account . 
  i do n't know enough about the ins and outs of the tax situation to know exactly when/why this arrangement is preferable for some people , but it really is the same as a mortgage for most purposes , except that the money you 're repaying technically remains in your name rather than the bank 's until the end . 
  on the books these mortgages look like disproportionately high debt but in reality they 're not . 
  of course , there 's still the issue of dropping house prices ( which seems to be bottoming out finally ) . 
  what is this consumer debt in the netherlands if not mortgages ? 
  i do n't know anyone here who puts things on the credit card , everyone pays out of their bank account . 
   i do n't think a consumer debt this high can be just ignored `` because they 'll use up their savings to fix it '' . 
  perhaps i 'm wrong . 
  if you 're talking about the savings-account-backed mortgages , you pretty much have to . 
  when the mortgage comes due , the money goes from the savings account straight to the bank , and you get whatever 's left over . 
  it 's a special account linked to the mortgage , not a normal savings account . 
  that 's very different from claims that the police have abandoned all hope of being able to control anything that happens on those neighborhoods . 
   there 's an area in the west end of glasgow next to glasgow uni filled with chinese and indian students . 
  apparently it has one the lowest crime rates in the uk . 
  people are too busy rejoicing in the arrival of decent take-away restaurants to waste any time on crime . 
  street view ai n't roofs . 
  doha sure was a ripoff . 
  someone who ca n't operate in english is going to be at a huge disadvantage trying to work in the it industry . 
  so many of the resources are only available in english . 
  it 's like sending them out to work with one arm tied behind their back . 
   in america , we may fight and argue with each other over race , politics , polocies , but if you harm any of us , espicially if it is from someone who kills for the sake of being an american , we come together . 
  we are one big family , attack us , we come together like a pack of wild dogs . 
  though these tragedies hurt us , they make us stronger , and there will be hell to pay . 
  fuck with the bull you get the horns . 
  if it is politically expedient . 
  otherwise , maybe nothing happens , or maybe they go kill thousands of iraqis who had nothing to do with it . 
  there are many different types of converters for different types of loads , and it 's important to use the right one . 
  however , ultimately they 're all inferior to using a device that was designed for the local power . 
  i would n't recommend long-term use of anything that requires a voltage converter . 
  you eventually end up with either a destroyed converter , a destroyed appliance , a fire , or all three . 
  also , there 's nothing odd about a blender in the kitchen in spain . 
  just order her one from www.amazon.es ; it 'll be cheaper than blender + shipping + converter , and it 'll work reliably for much longer . 
  it 's called a batiadora in spanish . 
  i think that would still be understating it . 
  access to the port decreases friction for dutch exports , for example , which has an impact throughout the economy . 
  that 's the revenue of the port administration itself , not all the companies providing services related to shipping . 
  rotterdam has been a dominant port for pretty much the entire history of commercial shipping . 
  we 're talking centuries . 
  i do not think it makes sense to assume , absent any very specific and persuasive reasons , that it will suddenly disappear simply in order to suit your argument . 
   the netherlands also has the highest mortgage debt levels in europe . 
  many dutch mortgages are structured such that you do n't pay off anything during the life of the mortgage . 
  instead you save in a separate investment account . 
  at the end of the mortgage period , you pay the entire mortgage from that account . 
  the consequence is that someone who 's been paying for 29 years of a 30-year mortgage can appear in those statistics as if they have n't paid a cent . 
  germany tends to be the cheapest . 
  but they 're all quite expensive compared to the usa . 
   why is it stupid ? 
  because you say so ? 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's how subjective assessments work . 
  yes , because i say so . 
  someone else might not think it 's stupid . 
  that 's cool . 
   i 'm guessing it 's because car modification is mostly done by young people but young people here ca n't really afford cars , let alone modifying them because of the high taxes on gas , etc. 
  any other opinions ? 
  because it 's stupid ? 
  the only people i 've ever seen who do this are lowlifes . 
  therefore , choosing to participate implicltly means choosing to present the impression to the broader public that one is a lowlife . 
  this has a filtering effect . 
  in the usa there 's more of an aspirational lowlife culture ; many people -- maybe becaue they have no other options , or maybe because the media told them to -- work hard to be king of the local lowlifes , by imitating and outdoing each other . 
  for one reason or another that 's restricted to a fairly small range of subcultures in most of europe . 
  the uk may be the worst of it , but the high cost of car ownership there probably channels their energy to other outlets . 
   by the way , do you say is or are about the netherlands . 
  it 's a country , but the name is plural . 
  `` is '' the netherlands .
