  then you must never have asked for something that is outside their normal procedures . 
  i do n't get it . 
  what skin off your nose is it that some american-born guy is living in the uk with an irish passport ? 
  does the uk have a quota for irish people ? 
  do people who meet him on the street blame his behavior on the irish ? 
  no ; they do n't see his passport , they just hear his american accent . 
  so what 's the problem ? 
   ireland is the only eu state that awards citizenship to children and grandchildren of irish emigrants . 
  why is this ? 
  because it would n't make sense for italy , portugal , etc to award citizenship to children and grandchildren of irish emigrants . 
  instead they award it to children and grandchildren of italian and portuguese emigrants . 
   this begs the question http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/begging_the_question, 
   can you just ring up the nsa ? 
  hosting the olympics is a horrible thing for the city . 
  it basically amounts to a huge redistribution of taxpayer money to large corporations , and often in a highly inefficient manner - that is , taxpayers pay $ 1 billion so that corporations can get $ 500 million richer . 
  it would be easier to just pay the companies directly ; the only reason that is n't done is because it 's politically difficult . 
  the olympics provide a nice cover . 
  the olympics also tends to lead to an increase in police budgets for surveillance and militarized crowd control that never goes away . 
  it 's a permanent reduction in civil liberties . 
  the best thing to do would be to select a permanent location and leave it there forever . 
  the amount of corruption , waste and disruption caused by moving it around every year is astronomical . 
  anyone who wants the olympics in their city is either in on the gravy train or throughly unaware of the real consequences . 
   they 've even gone beyond what the eu might try and mandate . 
  the eu has been talking about caps and limits to roaming fees - but this network has gone ahead and made it completely free . 
  the eu has been talking about exactly that : eliminating end-user roaming fees entirely within the eu . 
   that 's not really true , look at the list of countries ... hong kong ? 
  australia ? 
  i do n't think anyone was about to force them to offer free roaming in those countries !, 
  i 'd say they probably came up with the thing in the first place because they knew pressure was coming from the eu to do something about roaming and they wanted to get out ahead of it , probably to try to support an argument that regulation was not necessary . 
  then , once they were doing it in europe anyway , they could easily throw in hong kong and australia since there 's no cost for them anyway , and it looks better from a marketing perspective . 
  the chart you refer to only shows roaming price caps ; that is , the maximum your eu carrier can charge you when you are using your phone in a different eu country . 
  when you are in your home country they can charge you $ 100 per minute if they want to . 
  if you live in germany , and get a cheap sim card in bulgaria , and bring it back to germany ( hence taking advantage of the opportunity described here ) , you have a bulgarian mobile number and your friends will pay accordingly . 
   but 3.5 cents / min is well within the bracket of domestic rates in wealthier countries , so in many cases it will be more profitable to be permanently roaming . 
  if you are permanently roaming , then your friends will be paying international rates to call you , which almost all mobile operators mark up at a factor of 500 % or more over bulk termination rates . 
  the house wins either way . 
   going down to 3 cents / min and 1.5 cents / mb would cut into the fundamentals of the market what is your basis for this claim ? 
  intra-eu roaming is almost 100 % profit ( shared between the home and host carriers ) . 
  there is virtually no cost to providing the service . 
  even the additional usage by visiting roamers is offset by the decreased usage by home customers who are currently roaming elsewhere . 
   i live in ireland ( roi ) , what 's stopping me from nipping over the boarder and getting a very reasonable 3 mobile phone plan and using it at home , where mobile costs are much higher ? 
  mainly that your friends will be annoyed at having to pay international rates every time they ring you . 
   or perhaps 3 is pre-empting the passing of the legislation and hoping to win over some customers before it becomes law . 
  or perhaps they 're trying to make the case that the eu does n't have to make a law because companies will voluntarily decrease the roaming cost burden . 
  central europe is germany/austria and surrounds . 
  france is western europe . 
  they are , but mostly people do n't like them ( they want yards/gardens ) and in many of the population centers like amsterdam , it 's extremely expensive because of the ground conditions ( lots of sand , with rock only found very deep below the surface ) . 
   i wish they would just scratch it altogether it 's being phased out , starting this year . 
  they ca n't just throw it out all at once , because that would result in a significant percentage of homeowners -- quite possibly most of them -- suddenly being unable to afford their homes . 
  the economy would go up in flames . 
   i never get what definition of scarcity would make that statement true . 
  there are 250k houses on sale and it takes months to years for a house to sell . 
  most of those houses for sale are not sitting empty . 
  there are people in them . 
  what 's really happening is that there 's a logjam in the movement of real property between owners . 
  seller a is stuck because his buyer b is also seller c , who ca n't sell due to the increased difficulty in his buyers getting a mortgage and his desire to keep his sale price above water . 
  and on and on . 
  all of this is entirely compatible with scarcity . 
  very high income inequality . 
  compromised tax base , since much of the most valuable land is filled with federal government buildings and national parks , so the city 's budget is lower than it should be . 
   washington dc is surprisingly large -- i 'd say it takes the same area as all of paris and its surrounding suburbs . 
  paris metro area is [ 17174 km2 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paris ) , almost 100 times the size of washington dc . 
  i 'm pretty sure satan can boss his own son around and make him perform you a concert . 
  yes , i 've been to spain many times . 
  i would n't mind so much except that they also act with such disdain when you use latin american spanish . 
  i guess that 's how hell would have to work in order to be effective , since everyone has their own ideas about what constitutes misery . 
  big bureaucratic hassle for the devil keeping track of it all , though . 
  from my experience , spain has the lowest quality of english speaking/comprehension of any country in europe , including among young people . 
   i wonder if anyone would know if you just copied and pasted the entire thesis into google translate . 
  anybody who is anywhere near fluent would immediately notice . 
  google translate is a great functional tool for getting substantial meaning out of foreign text , but the text it produces is often downright bizarre-sounding . 
   that would be a pity . 
  just letting a language die for no other reason than internationalism . 
  every language that exists today is standing atop of a pile of bones of the other languages that perished before it , due to changes in migration , relative economic power , and political developments . 
  this has happened throughout human history and it will continue to happen . 
  this process has brought us the beautiful wealth and diversity of languages we have today , and it seems shortsighted and arrogant to assume that suddenly today we are so special and different that the process will somehow magically stop . 
  they might not be happy with english , but they 'd be less happy with esperanto , because once they learn the latter there 's nothing to read or listen to except for a bunch of other people who just learned esperanto and also ca n't use it very well . 
  if they learn english/german/french there are centuries of literature and arts awaiting them . 
  in basements and the back rooms of fantasy game stores . 
   fyi for some reason people around here hate esperanto . 
  mainly because it 's such a stupid idea . 
  to a lesser extent because it 's a flawed implementation of a stupid idea . 
  there are already languages that are in widespread use . 
  the amount of effort involved in all those people learning esperanto is far higher than the marginal effort involved in currently-monolingual people learning english instead of esperanto . 
  also , there is virtually no literature , techical materials , or anything else useful/interesting in esperanto , except for what some hobbyists have thrown together . 
  catching up on this would also be a huge ( and pointless ) effort . 
   i 've never even heard of a waiting list for housing before ( maybe for only for flats in the middle of a big city due to their premium location , but that 's it ) . 
  i guess that gives you plenty of time to save though , but having to wait more than a decade ? 
  that 's just a shit situation all around . 
  this is a waiting list specifically for below-market-priced social housing . 
  it 's not a general waiting list to be able to live in amsterdam . 
  though if you ca n't afford market rates then you 've little other option other than sublets and shifty under-the-table arrangements . 
   driving around on atv 's , drinking whiskey and beer , shootin ' at whatever the hell you feel like . 
  spend a few days doing that and you could understand how a guy could get real used to that way of life . 
  sounds pretty much exactly like how i imagine hell would be . 
  it 's broadbandish . 
  possibly very expensive though ; i do n't know what the tariffs are like these days . 
  bern gets my vote too . 
  it 's really like a fairy tale . 
  if it makes you feel any better , i get better ping times to your isp than you do , and i 'm all the way on the other side of europe : % ping - c 10 89.143.249.230 ping 89.143.249.230 ( 89.143.249.230 ) : 56 data bytes 64 bytes from 89.143.249.230 : icmp_seq = 0 ttl = 51 time = 35.364 ms 64 bytes from 89.143.249.230 : icmp_seq = 1 ttl = 51 time = 38.979 ms 64 bytes from 89.143.249.230 : icmp_seq = 2 ttl = 51 time = 37.113 ms 64 bytes from 89.143.249.230 : icmp_seq = 3 ttl = 51 time = 36.937 ms 64 bytes from 89.143.249.230 : icmp_seq = 4 ttl = 51 time = 36.576 ms 64 bytes from 89.143.249.230 : icmp_seq = 5 ttl = 51 time = 36.308 ms 64 bytes from 89.143.249.230 : icmp_seq = 6 ttl = 51 time = 36.205 ms 64 bytes from 89.143.249.230 : icmp_seq = 7 ttl = 51 time = 36.030 ms 64 bytes from 89.143.249.230 : icmp_seq = 8 ttl = 51 time = 38.078 ms 64 bytes from 89.143.249.230 : icmp_seq = 9 ttl = 51 time = 37.989 ms -- 89.143.249.230 ping statistics -- 10 packets transmitted , 10 packets received , 0.0 % packet loss round-trip min/avg/max / stddev = 35.364 / 36.958 / 38.979 / 1.047 ms,
