  if you 're willing to go to malta then you probably are n't set on a huge city , which opens up a lot of the south of france -- most of which is less , um , stabby than marseilles . 
  malta to me seems like the kind of place i would n't want to base myself with a job that requires frequent travel . 
  flight options are limited and often pricey compared to mainland airports . 
  [ so are these ] ( https://maps.google.com/maps?q=florence,+province+of+florence,+italy&amp;hl=en&amp;ll=43.773,11.264462&amp;spn=0.005268,0.009409&amp;sll=52.331235,4.876921&amp;sspn=0.008917,0.018818&amp;oq=florence&amp;t=h&amp;hnear=florence,+province+of+florence,+tuscany,+italy&amp;z=17&amp;layer=c&amp;cbll=43.773137,11.264545&amp;panoid=cjca5xtsizfktnnohp_mra&amp;cbp=12,186.55,,0,-13.14 ) but they are not ugly . 
  the second half of the 20th century was marked by the construction of a great many grotesquely ugly buildings around the world . 
  new , cheaper building methods and changing fashions in urban planning led to one of the most widespread aesthetic blights in human history , and those buildings behind the mother teresa home are guilty !, 
   from latest architecture , mother teresa memorial house is pointed as something very ugly . 
  while i agree that it 's ugly , i think all the other buildings in the background of the same photo are far uglier . 
  it 's weird , but not the ugliest thing i 've ever seen . 
  the truly ugly buildings are the one where it 's clear that no thought whatsoever was put into how they would look . 
  the netherlands is full of these ... 6 storeys tall , completely rectangular , beige bricks with ugly colored panels . 
   my question is , if europe is supposedly so hard to get into to live , why are so many european countries having integration issues with very large populations of immigrants ( mainly from n. africa and to a lesser extent the middle east ) ? 
  why is europe supposedly overrun if its so hard to get in there ? 
  one reason is that many countries allow citizens to sponsor their extended families . 
  as you can imagine , that goes on and on and on . 
  i sponsor my parents , they sponsor my brother , he sponsors his wife , she sponsors her sister , etc. 
  really , though , it 's not that hard to immigrate to most european countries if you are determined and savvy , and the people saying `` good luck , they have very strict immigration policies '' are mostly just repeating something they heard somewhere . 
   i have used google maps and used the street view function at several random points in some major cities like amsterdam , berlin , paris , etc. 
  and most of the views i 've seen there are hardly any european people at all . 
  i see lots of muslims in scarves , lots of black people and very few whites . 
  in some parts i actually have to make an effort to track down a dutch/german/french person !, 
  what 's going on , can it be true that you are losing your countries or are these just unique neighborhoods and the media is exaggerated ? 
  i worry that you might be trolling . 
  apple knew about these requirements for four years , and everyone else is meeting them , so it 's hard to fault the regulators . 
  they just did n't feel it was worth their while to accelerate the refresh cycle to meet the deadlines . 
  standard business decision . 
  people are making it into such a drama . 
   defines genders when i think of all the possible paths my life might have taken , i never imagined that one option was to be paid by the government to determine whether mp3s were male or female . 
   octet is slowly giving way to byte freeing you from the glottal gymnastics of `` kilooctet '' . 
   it 's pretty neat that we have souris , ordinateur , internaute , etc. , when other languages simply use the english term . 
  why is that neat ? 
   is it `` a cute little puppy '' or `` a little cute puppy '' ? 
  why ? 
  depends on which is more important and distinctive , its cuteness or its littleness . 
  normally people are unimpressed by the fact that a puppy is little , since puppies are small more or less by definition , so you generally hear `` cute little puppy '' . 
  this is what 's great about english if you 're very accustomed to it : its flexibility and vast vocabulary allow for tremendous amounts of nuance in terse expressions . 
  on the other hand , it 's not great for people who are still learning it , because they will miss subtle meanings and unwittingly convey unintended meanings , for reasons that language textbooks do n't describe . 
  someone who 's unable to forgive a situation from the 1850s which has been remedied since the 1920s , makes me worried a little bit . 
  it 's that kind of weird thinking that led to the fighting in the balkans . 
  i have no love for monarchies but i sure am not going to waste my energy nursing grudges about things that happened before my grandparents were born and have been completely fixed before i was born . 
  if we do n't allow people to fix their mistakes and move on , then why would people bother fixing anything ? 
  you 're just going to hate them forever anyway . 
  as someone who lived in several countries throughout my childhood , i enjoyed it tremendously , and it gave me a lifelong love of travel . 
  we explored as a family and had a great time doing it . 
  since then i 've been in diplomatic and expat circles and thus met a lot of other people with similar experiences , and they overwhelmingly have positive things to say about their peripatetic childhoods as well . 
  i suspect you might actually not know what you 're talking about . 
  especially if you think foreign cultures are by default `` intimidating '' . 
  with very few exceptions , they 're not , unless you want them to be . 
  i hated the weird user interface for this site so much i had to stop , even though the photos seemed nice . 
  i think it would be really irritating when lending a car to relatives visiting from overseas . 
   the vehicle that gets 300 to gallon is a tiny 1 thing that only fits one person . 
  so they 've invented an inconvenient version of the motorbike ? 
  depends on what you do n't like about them , i suppose . 
  if it 's just their general icky foreignness , then yes . 
  there are still hundreds of thousands of them there at any one time . 
  are n't they fungible ? 
   this generation ( throughout europe ) is witnessing the decay of their culture and people . 
  slowly being eroded by immigrants and islam all in the name of diversity . 
  that 's what they said when the muslims came to spain back in the 700s and left them with all that damn wealth of art , architecture , and music that they 're still stuck with today . 
  the nerve !, 
   greece is also sitting on trillions of $ worth of oil  a university team from crete is ready to start mass producing a new vehicle that gets 300 + miles to the gallon . 
  if this university team succeeds , then those trillions of $ worth of oil will be worth a lot less , right ? 
  after all , if everyone only needs 1/20th as much oil as before to drive my car , and the streets are already pretty much congested , all that can happen is the price of oil will nosedive . 
   why should i have the right to go to their country as a non-greek ? 
  without non-greek tourists visiting their country , the economy would have been in the shitter decades earlier . 
  you would n't be chinese , but you could integrate . 
  i lived in asia for a long time and integrated into local culture , and i know many others who did too . 
  one idea would be to make it so that someone convicted of a serious crime loses the ability to sponsor other people for immigration . 
  it 's a newspaper that homeless people sell on the street . 
  they get to keep some of the money and the rest goes to support various hippie causes . 
  they have similar things in big cities in your country . 
  but that 's an absurd comparison . 
  the us federal government regulates roaming within the us , and the eu regulates roaming within the eu . 
  within the us roaming fees are $ 0.00 for outgoing and $ 0.00 for incoming and $ 0.00 for text messages . 
  when you go outside the us , this no longer applies . 
  within the eu roaming fees are $ 0.29 for outgoing and $ 0.08 for incoming and $ 0.09 for text messages . 
  when you go outside the eu , this no longer applies . 
  by this reckoning , eu customers are getting screwed left right and center . 
  are you saying that factors which would theoretically be hidden in an anonymous application , like sex and race , help you predict someone 's suitability of appearance and behavior ? 
  can you clarify ? 
   well it seems to me to work out and also be a prime example of when government distortion of the market is good . 
  in europe the government controls this and as a result prices are lower and the customers get the better deal . 
  the difference is having a fundamental system in place vs depending on the attitude of the regulator from one year to the next ( or , in the case of europe , one location to the next ) . 
  here in the netherlands , for example , mobile costs are far higher than in the us . 
  the dutch telecoms regulator is notoriously subservient to the major carriers , going so far as to take their case against the eu regulator in european issues -- and hence working against the interests of all consumers in europe . 
  and telecoms regulations in the eu have been very much driven by a single personality for many years ( [ neelie kroes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neelie_kroes ) , ironically also dutch ) . 
  when she retires or moves on , it is unclear that the current aggressive corrective policies will continue . 
  if they do n't , and carriers are left to their own devices , the landscape could shift radically , leaving consumers across the continent in a bad position , and without any natural market pressure to keep things in order . 
  at the end of the day , it 's a tricky business and there 's probably not any one optimal solution ( at least not that i 've seen so far ) . 
  i mainly just wanted to correct people 's perceptions of the us receiver-pays model as being anti-consumer , when in fact it is exactly the opposite , and is the primary thing keeping prices under control at all in the regulatorily-lax usa . 
  let 's say you are a vodafone customer and i am a kpn customer . 
  we are in europe . 
  when you call me , you pay vodafone $ 0.15 per minute . 
  i pay kpn $ 0.00 per minute to receive the call . 
  kpn charges vodafone $ 0.10 per minute to connect the call to me , which makes up most of the charge you 're paying . 
  because i never see that $ 0.10 charge myself , i do n't think about it or care about it . 
  you are the one paying it ( since vodafone passes it on to you ) , but if you think it is too high , there 's nothing you can do about it , because the charge was levied by my carrier , not yours . 
  yours is only acting as a conduit . 
  therefore nobody exerts any market pressure on kpn to reduce that fee . 
  therefore kpn has every incentive to raise that fee as high as they can .
