  therefore the only reason mobile calling is affordable at all in europe is because regulators step in and put a cap on how much kpn can charge vodafone . 
  by contrast , in the system used in the usa and a few other countries , each participant in a call pays all the fees associated with their half of the call . 
  if a verizon customer finds the fees too high , they can switch to sprint . 
  prices are set by competition rather than regulation , to a much greater degree . 
  in theory this is much more efficient and results in lower prices . 
  in practice , sadly , it does n't always work that way in the usa because most people are locked into long contracts , and because phones from any one carrier 's network are not compatible with most other carriers . 
  this creates friction that prevents people from switching carriers , which means that customers do n't have as much power in the market as they should . 
  sorry , what roaming fees are there within the us ? 
  fortunately , i think we are very near to the point where carriers stop charging for text messages . 
  unfortunately , i think the last people to get charged for them are going to be low-income customers on barebones plans who also ca n't afford the smartphones that enable apps like whatsapp . 
  see here : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/16qse5/att_reportedly_considering_expansion_to_europe/c7yjgsz it actually does make good sense , if you think about the reason behind it . 
   what i am concerned about is that they 're a us carrier and thus subject to us laws ... such as data repatriation . 
  i think they would have to set up an arm 's - length subsidiary which was not subject to these laws , because european privacy laws would have primacy . 
   pay for incoming calls this seems to be a point of outrage for many europeans . 
  the reason that people pay for incoming calls in the usa & canada ( and some other countries ) is because otherwise the regulator would have to control prices , like they do in europe . 
  having mobile customers only pay for outgoing calls makes a competitive market impossible . 
  when you only pay for outgoing calls , your carrier charges someone else 's carrier every time you receive a call . 
  you as the receiving customer have no interest in keeping that fee down , so it does n't affect your decision of carrier . 
  the person calling you has no market power over that fee since they ca n't make you change carrier . 
  therefore that fee rises and rises , the result of which has been that regulators in europe spend much of their time fretting over the right place to set it , and the entire marketplace is artificially distorted . 
  of course , the mobile market in the usa has a lot of other problems -- mostly due to the friction caused by incompatible carrier networks -- but honestly i do n't think this is one of them . 
  the same approach ( receiver pays ) works well in singapore , china and hong kong and i believe australia is in the process of switching too . 
  netherlands - you can spend another ~ $ 30/month for dental coverage which seems to cover most stuff , after a deductible . 
  there are different levels available and the specifics depend on the insurance company ( the dutch system works through private insurance companies which operate under certain constraints , such as the price/coverage of the baseline package , and the rule that they are not allowed to turn away any customers ) . 
   the netherlands . 
  we pay x % income tax ( the average joe makes 33.000 e a year , what means he has to pay 40 % ) . 
  the 41.95 % is a marginal tax rate ; someone who earns 33.000 / year pays 36.8 % tax overall because they only paid 33.1 % on the first $ 18.945 . 
   and yes , i 'm happy with it . 
  you do n't have to worry about anything . 
  so far i agree with you ; every medical expense i 've had ( except for minor over-the-counter stuff like cough syrup and decongestants for colds ) has been cash-free . 
  in the usa when i was self-employed i paid more in health insurance than i am paying through the dutch system now ( including healthcare portion of taxes ) , and had a much more difficult time dealing with the system . 
  in american there were always fights between insurance company and doctors over who had to pay for things , which usually left me holding the bill . 
  it was one in a neighborhood with a lot of old biddies with small dogs . 
  last time i was in the us , a few months ago in washington dc , every time i went to safeway , someone in front of me in line was writing a check . 
  only exception was really late at night when it 's mostly younger people shopping . 
  yes , sorry , cotton or linen or something . 
  but people think of it as paper . 
  as i mentioned in another response , i find it hard to believe that those bumps are nearly as durable and reliable a non-visual aid as the size of notes . 
  1 ) bumps can be worn out by folding . 
  2 ) in the scheme you outline , i can deliberately cheat blind people by adding more bumps using a mechanism similar to that used for imparting raised seals to documents . 
  meanwhile , other than for people who are buying cars from germans on a daily basis , i have never heard of any serious complaints about varying euro note sizes from regular users . 
  different sizes make it more difficult for counterfeiters . 
  in the usa it is common to bleach the ink off $ 1 notes and print $ 50s on them . 
  so the reason that all the visually-impaired people in europe should have a harder time using money every day , is so that latvians do n't have to perform any extra paper-folding when buying cars from germans ? 
  what are the bumps made of ? 
  how many times can the note be folded through the bump and still preserve their readability ? 
  and i ca n't even begin to tell you how many times that has come in handy . 
  i agree - i think the front of the fl .250 note was one of the most beautiful currency designs ever . 
  i 've lived with plastic money before . 
  i hate it . 
  everything about it is awful . 
  - slippery so it 's always falling out of your hands when you handle multiple notes . 
  - does n't stay folded when you fold it , does n't stay flat when you flatten it . 
  - degrades very ungracefully compared to paper , over time accumulating more and more permanent , odd-angled creases that make it look like a wrinkled old bag . 
  please let us keep our paper . 
  okay , how about a restaurant then . 
  you 've already eaten , now you face a debt . 
  get in line at an american supermarket sometime . 
  it 's paper-check central . 
  so annoying . 
  your position on this probably depends a lot on which country you 're in . 
  it would be a huge win for consumers here in the netherlands , who currently pay about the highest prices in europe for mobile service . 
  however , for people in some other countries , pan-european pricing would necessarily mean steep increases . 
  in the netherlands , which is rainy and often below sea level , one of the main problems is getting water out of the way . 
  water is constantly being moved and redirected by the water authorities . 
  so all that really has to be done is to divert the already-extant channels for this so that they flow under bike paths . 
  it can be done on a rolling basis as replacement becomes necessary . 
   i do n't think heating roads the way they described is going to happen anyway : it seems very energy-inefficient . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  they 're not heating the water . 
  yes , i 'd prefer that they played on an equal footing with the rest of us , but even if they wo n't , it 's still better in than out . 
  there is subsidized housing for citizens . 
  you can read more here : https://service-public-particuliers.gouv.mc/logement, 
  that 's kind of mean . 
  almost everyone lives in apartments . 
  are you writing a paper or are you interested in living there yourself ? 
  there are plenty of skyscrapers in europe , including some iconic ones . 
  look at london , berlin , madrid . 
  even here in amsterdam we have some fairly tall buildings ( ~ 40 storeys ) . 
  however , european skyscrapers are n't targeted at the `` world 's tallest '' class as those buildings tend to be fairly impractical and constructed more as attempts to gain prestige than to serve a useful purpose . 
  europe already has a wealth of architectural prestige from its classical old cities , and spending a few billion euro on a giant metal penis would probably not make a huge improvement . 
  look around the world : the tallest skyscrapers are almost all going up in fairly ugly cities ( dubai , taipei , shanghai , etc. ), 
  with fast-changing economies . 
  they are competing with each other over who is the most `` dynamic '' . 
  this is not a race that paris needs to be in . 
  nor would paris benefit from any more montparnasses . 
  instead , they have their tall , dense office buildings in a ghetto at the western edge of the city , while more tourists flock to paris ' skyscraper-less center in a month than dubai sees in a year . 
  even the more soberly successful countries in asia ( singapore , south korea , japan , etc. ), 
  are n't really playing this game . 
   if i understand that last part correctly , is it possible that technically her immunity claim is invalid since it was a personal family related errand ? 
  you do not understand it correctly . 
  it does not apply to the case being discussed ( egyptian ambassador in cypris ) . 
  that section would apply to a cypriot citizen who happens to be a diplomatic agent of the egyptian government in cyprus . 
  in this particular case ( a citizen of the host country working in a diplomatic capacity for a foreign country ) , immunity is restricted to official acts only . 
  this is to avoid the difficulties that would be created by granting wider immunity to people in their own country of citizenship . 
  it 's just about the number of cars on the road , does n't matter how they 're owned , so leases are irrelevant . 
  however , as countvontroll has pointed out , it excludes suvs so the numbers for the usa are totally worthless . 
  the atlantic cities article got its lede from [ this study ] ( http://www.carnegieendowment.org/2012/07/23/in-search-of-global-middle-class-new-index/cyo2# ) ; look at footnote 25 at the bottom of page 7 and you 'll see how it 's completely undermined itself . 
  suvs are much more common on the roads in the usa than in western europe ; driving in some places it feels like they are the majority of vehicles around you . 
   it does n't make sense .
