  at least in american english . 
  the brits like to pluralize any pronoun referring to a collective noun as if the collective entity does n't exist ( `` the council are expected to ... '' ) . 
   or , down to even less than now , what a ridiculous misrepresentation . 
  if arming everyone were in fact a way to keep defense budgets down , then we would probably not see one of the most heavily armed countries having the world 's highest defense budget by a huge margin . 
   it merely said the law and culture was different when i proposed to change it . 
  that is not what it said . 
  i mean , that 's a small part of what it said , but that 's not the important part . 
   you are ill informed , impolite , unable to interpret and add redundant comments , i question your ability to argue in english . 
  mind if i quote that on my c.v. ? 
   there has to be a balance , and i believe a freedom that allows sport , self defence and massive defence cuts ah , finally a way that european countries can get their defense budgets down to the much more sensible levels found in the usa . 
   as the successful gun laws in switzerland demonstrate switzerland issues militia members with firearms and ammunition , which may only be used in national defense situations . 
  this is not anything like the american case , where people buy whatever they want and use it whenever they feel like it . 
   your last sentence is odd , it adds nothing . 
  think about it a little . 
  in the view of many , it 's a freedom that impinges more on the rights of others than it benefits the one who exercises it . 
  this is a cultural difference that echoes throughout many of the legal variations between europe and the usa . 
  yeah , i do n't understand it either . 
  it 's that sort of `` freedom '' that led us to move to europe . 
  every vomar that i 've seen has them in the `` foreign food '' section . 
  there 's chipotle in london and [ paris ] ( http://www.chipotle.com/france/en-us/about/about.aspx ) . 
  freedom to walk down the street wearing a bandolier and carrying a military rifle ? 
  using spanish instead of french makes it much too western-hemisphere-centric . 
  better to either simply drop french , if the point is to simplify things and save money . 
  so is being left-handed an illness or a choice ? 
  how about red hair ? 
  i keep my phone on 2g to save battery most of the time , and i do n't feel like i 'm missing much . 
  clear blue skies all week here around amsterdam . 
  cold as hell though . 
  that article might be more interesting if it contained even one detail about contemporary latvian emigration . 
  but have they made some special effort to block their atm cards from working there ? 
  my bank does n't operate in ghana but i can use my atm card to withdraw money there . 
  your eyeglasses prescription ? 
  we 're in there , right between macau and romania . 
   firstly , there are n't two countries . 
  there 's the single , internationally recognised republic of cyprus with sovereignty over the entire island but turkish troops are occupying the north . 
  what do you think about taiwan ? 
   so , dealing with them is like dealing with banks registered in turkey . 
  nothing to do with the current situation here . 
  i think his question is : are the restrictions imposed on the bank accounts or on the atms ? 
  if the former , can people cross over to trnc and use an atm there to make an international withdrawal in excess of the limits that have been imposed ? 
  if this is a computer something that you 're writing , use the localization library provided by your development platform ; they 've already worked this stuff out . 
  otherwise , if you 're addressing english speakers , use 10,000.00 -- everyone is accustomed to that in english-language contexts . 
  poor lithuania . 
  first the homicide numbers , now this . 
   i think that less people driving leading to less people dying is not progress . 
  that 's absolutely progress . 
  if people are moving around in safer ways instead of driving , i 'm all for it . 
  hilarious , greece finally finds a way to get revenge on turkey and look noble while doing it . 
  that may not be true either , since the data cables also have power lines ( to operate the signal boosters and other equipment en route ) . 
  but maybe if they mean cable for the primary purpose of transmitting power . 
   cable between lithuania and sweden will be the third-longest submarine link in the world . 
  how can that be ? 
  there are hundreds of cables across the atlantic ocean , and dozens across the pacific . 
  i understand your position , but it 's a shame , as you 're consistently one of the most helpful and erudite people around these parts . 
  for starters , they look different . 
  i assume at least some of that has to do with genetics and not with which lullabyes their mothers sang them . 
  moderating is n't about where you 're from , it 's about exercising common sense and fairness . 
  1 ) yes . 
  i only said `` yes '' for # 1 because i really do n't care . 
  if i said `` no '' , it would suggest that i have some sort of problem with it , which i do n't . 
  i do n't care if all the moderators are from north korea , as long as they do a good job . 
  also , i read \\ / r/europe every day and i had no idea there was any process like this underway until just now . 
  maybe it needed to be publicized better ? 
  i know people are now going to tell me `` it was here and there and that other place , and you 're just an idiot for not seeing it , '' but that 's not really the point . 
  if i 'm an idiot , so be it , but we idiots are stil part of the constituency . 
  perhaps there is some long con at work here . 
  the uk maintains border controls , so the government knows more or less how many have entered the country . 
  they may not be registered as residents , but i doubt they 're coming over on rafts . 
   i do n't quite get why foreigners get governmental benefits . 
  do n't you usually have to be a citizen to be eligible ? 
  in almost all developed countries , non-citizens who are legal long-term residents are eligible for most or all of the same benefit programs as citizens are . 
   why should people who have lived in some place where english is not locally evolved have to change language ? 
  who knows ? 
  fortunately , that 's not what anyone suggested . 
   the americans have silicon valley and route 128 ... we 're spread out in hubs all over mainland europe , with every country claiming to house the ` european start-up capital ' . 
  why do n't we all just stop fighting and how can we get along ? 
  every state in the usa is desperately trying to create its own silicon butte or silicon arroyo . 
  it 's the same as the efforts throughout europe . 
  what the sf peninsula and boston have over most locations in europe , besides a head start and critical mass , is the combination of multiple world-class universities , extremely low bureaucratic resistance to entrepreneurship , and ready financing . 
  starting a company in most of europe is a nightmare of paperwork and regulations . 
  in the us you just wake up one morning and whisper to yourself that you 're in business -- you can adjust to a more scalable structure later at your leisure . 
   thing with cc are that they instantly give money to the vendor , whether you really can pay it now or not . 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's been a few years since i last implemented a credit card payment system but at the time payments to merchants were typically in arrears by a matter of days . 
  the only significant costs associated with having your customers roam are levied by the carriers in the host country . 
  these are almost pure profit and generally controlled by the regulators in that country . 
  you take your telefonica phone to uk and roam on o2 . 
  o2 charges telefonica $ 2 , of which $ 1,99 is profit . 
  telefonica charges you $ 4 of which $ 2 went to o2 and $ 1,99 was profit for them . 
  mobile carriers are a protected oligopoly in a market orchestrated by the government authorities that allocate spectrum . 
  this is nothing like bakeries . 
  anyone who meets the criteria ( wash your hands , use flour without maggots or mice in it ) can follow the procedures and start a bakery whenever they want . 
  the same is not true for mobile carriers . 
  the notion of competition is not comparable . 
  almost all carrier costs associated with roaming are already determined by regulators . 
  there 's basically no marginal cost outside of that realm . 
  so in such a market it does make a certain kind of sense to regulate the consumer price as well . 
  when we look for a deal online , it usually ends up being about $ 40 to 50/day for a reasonable-sized car big enough to install two child seats and fit the luggage . 
  absolutely . 
  the government guy did make an interesting point .
