  this is very similar to the idea of a residency requirement for entering coffeeshops in nl . 
  what is the point of such a remark ? 
   in the same lecture , he proudly said that there had been peace in europe for over sixty years , `` the longest period of peace in europe in history . '', 
  clearly he was talking about the eu . 
   needless to say , as a croatian , i was immediately offended big clue for life : if you ever find yourself offended , you 're doing it wrong . 
  either you 're allowing someone else to manipulate you , or you 're allowing meaningless issues to cloud your decision-making . 
  either way it 's one of the most self-destructive responses someone can have . 
  i 'd much rather have some extra light in the afternoon than in the morning . 
  what do i care in the morning on the way to work ? 
  that 's wasted daylight anyway , unless i work on a farm . 
  this tax has been around for many years . 
  it 's just being extended to some new device categories this year . 
  it 's the payment you make in exchange for being allowed to basically download whatever you want . 
  a rather good deal for the dutch , actually . 
  downloading is allowed in the netherlands . 
  so $ 5 is actually a pretty cheap price to pay . 
  of course they 're not , they 're obliged by treaty to allow eu citizens to live and work in the uk . 
  but that 's not very relevant to this topic ; free movement for eu citizens has nothing to do with schengen . 
   as a german living in the us the lack of national id is just so very baffling to me . 
  there 's a fundamentally different tradition . 
  in countries following the english tradition ( usa , canada , australia , etc. 
  ) , being forced to register where you live or carry an id card at all times smacks of authoritarianism gone mad . 
  for countries following the german tradition ( netherlands , austria , etc. 
  ) , the lack of these things seems like slipshod inefficiency . 
  the attitudes run quite deep , if you talk to a fair sampling of people from each area . 
  so you 're claiming that once germany has grown from 82 million to 101 million , everything will suddenly collapse ? 
   it ruins the environmental cred of cycling the article said geothermal energy . 
  is this supposed to be funny ? 
  just goes to show , most people are very bad at it . 
  the title carries the implication that the usd is being supplanted , since nobody has multiple official currencies that are not fixed to each other . 
  some countries have multiple circulating currencies , but only one -- or none at all -- has official status . 
  the situation described in this oddly written and badly edited article does n't make any sense . 
  can i choose to pay my phone bill or my mortgage payment in dollars or euros depending on which one gives me an advantage today ? 
  based on the exchange rate at the time i received the bill or when i pay it ? 
  were amounts printed on the bill in both currencies ? 
  if so , then everyone becomes an arbitrageur . 
  will there be a zero-friction conversion mechanism ? 
  how will this be protected from abuse ? 
  what i really think it means is that absolutely nothing is changing , just that they would like people to spend euros in panama . 
   it is interesting that smaller entities want to break free from their larger parts ( e.g. 
  scotland , catalonia ) only to hand over power to a much larger superanational entity over which they will have even less influence . 
  scotland and catalonia have already ceded that range of powers to the eu , many years ago . 
  breaking away from the uk and spain gives them more power , not less . 
  it 's like if my supervisor gets fired and nobody is hired to replace her . 
  i am still under the director of the company , but i assume the role that my direct boss used to fill . 
  the number of votes in the un is very trivial compared to other factors . 
  if they wanted another un vote they could just renovate the airport in vanuatu or equatorial guinea . 
  and , i wonder , what about scotland , when/if the time comes for that decision ? 
   well , youths is an euphemism for troublesome immigrants , the sort of immigrants that should be deported since they have an overall negative impact on society . 
  sorry , no . 
  i 'm in the netherlands , and most of the annoying youths are dutch . 
  likewise most crime by youths is perpetrated by dutch kids . 
  some people look the other way when it 's their own clan/tribe : `` boys will be boys '' , but when it 's kids from some other group acting out , suddenly it 's an outrage that must be stopped at once . 
   well , to be fair , many things do n't make it to the media , especially when its something that happens fairly regularly in most countries . 
  you think the danish press is n't reporting on something this outrageous because it 's happening so often they 're bored of it ? 
  occam 's razor would suggest that perhaps they 're not reporting on it too much because it does n't actually happen too much . 
  does that ever work ? 
  it used to , about a year ago , but with later updates to google maps it does n't seem to do anything at all . 
  it just shows a bar graph as if it might one day like to load the map , but it stays at 0 % all day . 
  this is on ~ 100mbps wifi . 
   we can not know if your place of residency use 110 v . if this is the case , you need a converter . 
  why would he need a converter ? 
  who sells chargers for ipods or motorola phones that only work on 110v ? 
  the ones that are included with those devices work on 100-240v . 
  all he needs is a plug adapter . 
  the voltage is fine . 
   for some reason other than statehood , their alternatives are to spin off and become the dominican republic 2 , or to invent some sort of `` enhanced commonwealth '' status that will be 100 % meaningless because the usa wo n't play along . 
  their desk officer does n't have to deal with that country . 
   i propose the korean alphabet because it is clearly superior and easier to learn than the latin alphabet . 
  i 'm cool with that ; i agree that the hangul alphabet is pretty clever . 
  i believe your parents had to be married when you were born , in which case you 're entitled to british nationality . 
  when we were living in athens , my father , a professor of ancient greek , took great pleasure in confusing greek people with his classical ramblings . 
  while the written language has changed less , the spoken has changed quite radically . 
  this is normal in most languages . 
   i dream of a future where every person on earth speaks the same language . 
  i also dream of this language being very easy to learn , and having no odd things like `` i am , but you are '' or `` to go , but yesterday i went '' . 
  if everyone speaks the same language , then what difference does it make ? 
  language acquisition is a natural process that occurs over the same time range in children across all cultures . 
  the number of irregular verbs does n't make a significant difference except for people who are learning it later in life . 
  which of course would n't be an issue in this monoglot utopia . 
   esperanto is much much better than english , but i think esperanto could be improved . 
  esperanto is just as `` bad '' as english , just in different ways . 
  it 's full of inconsistencies and quirks . 
  when you add to that the fact that almost nobody speaks it , you have a ridiculous proposition . 
   the greek language survived all of that , i think it can handle the digital age . 
  preservation of the greek language is taken rather seriously . 
  the greek spoken today is very different from that spoken in the historical times you describe . 
  it was strong in large part because it evolved with the times . 
  only recently have language institutes taken such a great and foolish interest in freezing languages in place , and micromanaging further change . 
  this meddling , if the meddlers are granted sufficient authority , will be the death of those languages more surely than otherwise . 
   so lets ditch everything including english and start learning mandarin why ? 
  it 's got much going against it . 
  the only long-term viable writing systems for mandarin are all latin-script based but require liberal use of diacriticals , which are difficult for both humans and machines . 
  the tonal nature of the sounds can be challenging for people who did n't grow up hearing it , so that 's a generation or two of non-chinese-speakers written off . 
  the vocabulary is small , the grammar is imprecise , and there 's a very limited back catalog of useful scientific and other texts , so we 'd need years and years of translation in order to catch up . 
  why not just go with english ? 
  it 's easy to type and to represent electronically ; it 's in much wider use ( spread rather than absolute numbers ) ; it can be as precise or imprecise as you like ; it 's got a comprehensive vocabulary ; it 's easier for people from a wider range of linguistic backgrounds to learn ; it 's got the greatest wealth of printed materials already available . 
   for example : there 's a lot of research on how our language helps us to perceive different colors . 
  i 'm not aware of any such research . 
  people are better at describing them , which can easily confound experiments designed around self-reporting , but if you correct for that , i 've seen no evidence that they 're better at seeing the differences .
