   without basque we would n't be a nation . 
  does n't sound like much of a nation then ( not that i think you 're correct ; there 's more to it than language , and therefore more to basque nationality claims ) . 
  the things that bring people together would include shared economic interests ; wide-ranging traditions from arts and cuisine and music to yes , language too ; geographical proximity ; shared history ; and so on . 
   imagine coming across an ancient text , written in a language no one knows , and being unable to translate it ? 
  now what if that text has some vital information about a religion , a medicine , a lost kingdom ? 
  the more we distance ourselves from the languages of the past , the harder it will become to know our own history . 
  i find this argument really unpersuasive . 
  any language in significant use in 2012 will be preserved in myriad ways -- all the language archives that people are fussing over , machine translation software , and so on . 
  we are past the days when papers yellow and disappear into the earth . 
   vital information about a religion the vital information about all religions is the same : handle with care . 
  because they are written by journalists who have been on the tech desk for 8 months , after reassignment from the lifestyles section , and the intended audience is a general public that can not reasonably be expected to understand the finer points of ip addressing . 
  again i think your experience is not necessarily typical . 
  i went to a big state university , not some weird little liberal arts college or something . 
  i had dinner at more professors ' houses than i can count . 
  i road-tripped with faculty for extra-curricular and course-related activities and on multiple occasions we all went out carousing while out of town . 
  in senior year i even had a small seminar-type class where the prof asked us whether there 'd be any objections to holding the semester 's remaining sessions in a bar ( there were none ) . 
  none of this seemed inappropriate and i was not aware of any of my fellow students feeling freaked out . 
   i 'm a friendly person but at least in the usa a person in their 20s talking to an younger person is quite questionable at least . 
  huh ? 
  since when ? 
  i think you are bringing some personal hangups to the table . 
  there are sensible boundaries between teachers and students , since teachers have to objectively evaluate student performance , but this idea that 23-year-olds ca n't socialize with 18-year-olds sounds like an invention . 
   i recall the borders of countries flowing and ebbing too , that luckily does n't happen anymore . 
  would you be happy to live in germany suddenly ? 
  these things have stopped for a reason , mutual respect and stability . 
  if languages stop moving and competing and absorbing each other , the future is going to lose a lot . 
  i see no reason why the linguistic boundaries of 2012 are more precious than those of 1912 . 
  and by the same token i see no reason why they 'd be more precious than those of 2112 . 
   businesses cave to the customer ( klant is koning ) . 
  because most flemish speak french , some have started to offer their services only in french . 
  an example is scarlet , an isp , which sends for our area monolingual technicians . 
  if we ( me and my family i mean ) did n't speak french , we 'd be lost and would n't be able to connect to internet if something went wrong . 
  i remember a technician returning with work unfinished because he could n't make sense of the dutch on my mother 's laptop . 
  an isp that ca n't communicate with monolingual flemish customers is going to lose them . 
  some other isp will move into that gap . 
  i do not at all see how this is a serious long-term problem . 
  maybe it was annoying that one technician could n't do his job but that 's hardly the breakdown of society . 
   it 's a cultural thing that i do n't understand , yet can not deny either , that for some reason , the flemish people are vastly more accommodating than wallonians on linguistic matters . 
  one key reason is that they have to be , or otherwise their cultural universe is tiny . 
  imagine spending your entire life with nothing but flemish and dutch cinema . 
  or studying at universities where the libraries only have journals in flemish and dutch . 
   can you imagine us towns at the border with mexico speaking spanish ? 
  i guess you have never been to the border area of the usa . 
  everything is in spanish . 
  local , state , and national government publications are produced in spanish . 
  signs , radio , tv , books in the public library . 
  people who want to be hired for jobs that involve dealing with the public mostly have to be able to show they can speak english and spanish . 
  with certain localized exceptions , the usa does n't have these language insecurity issues to the same degree that people in europe do , probably as a result of very different history . 
  there are some pockets of xenophobia but mostly it 's much more accommodating . 
  and i think it works out well . 
   it 's this immense arrogance that pisses me off the most . 
  i see it the other way . 
  it strikes me as arrogant to demand other people to speak a certain language just because you do . 
  times change . 
  linguistic frontiers ebb and flow . 
  this has been the story since the dawn of civilization . 
  it 's not going to stop today . 
  let people speak what they want . 
  if they need your business in their shop , they 'll speak your language . 
  if they do n't , then so what ? 
  it 's their loss . 
  would you also force them to sell your favorite flavor of ice cream ? 
  my sense was that outside of belgium , nobody thinks about it much at all . 
  the current situation is very dull as civil wars go , with occasional harshly worded posts on belgian internet forums dominating the list of atrocities . 
  with all the other things going on , and the generally more flamboyant atmospheres created by malcontents in spain , scotland , and elsewhere , it 's hard to devote much attention to the question of whether belgium will eventually split into two different roaming notifications on your phone while riding the train from amsterdam to paris . 
  i do think that flemish union with the netherlands , or wallonian union with france , are both pretty unlikely . 
  i accept that diagnosis . 
  it 's disgusting !, 
  it 's like eating pus . 
  and much of it smells like it 's spoiled , setting off my instinctive `` do not eat this ! '', 
  alarms , exactly same as if someone had presented me with a plate of dog turds or maggot-infested rat carcasses . 
  that 's true , but happily you can get a wonderful diversity of non-yogurty foods in turkey . 
  and it 's never there by surprise . 
  contrast that with much of northern europe , where the curdle-averse must remain ever-vigilant against the insidious introduction of mayonnaise , cream , solid butter , and other such foul abominations . 
  can we include turkish ? 
  that 's the only european cuisine i can really abide at all -- and others , like greek and bulgarian , to the extent that they resemble turkish . 
  so many other european cuisines are heavily based on congealed ( and sometimes even spoiled ) fat , like yogurt and cream , which is positively revolting . 
  or they amount to boiling various ingredients and putting them in separate little piles on a plate . 
  here 's your pile of peas and your pile of meat , sir . 
  many things about europe are nice , but when it comes to food , i 'd give anything to be back in asia . 
  there needs to be a balance of factors . 
  the world is too complicated to select something simply because it sounds neat and simple ( one person , one vote / one country , one vote / one billion dollars of gdp , one vote ) . 
  it should take into account the goals of the institution and the stakes that various participants have in the outcomes . 
   if it were highly effective , it would likely be undemocratic , totalitarian or highly utopic/dystopic . 
  as it is , the un skews towards totalitarian governments , which exist in large numbers and many of which are willing to spend money on buying votes . 
  worst : the idea that each country , regardless of size , should have an equal vote is frankly ridiculous . 
  it is completely undemocratic . 
  the result is all the vote-buying ( i 'm looking at you , usa , china and japan , as well as taiwan whose only representation is effectively through puppet aid recipients ) and king-counting that results in a lot of decisions that do not at all reflect the un 's ultimate constituency ( the people of earth ) . 
  do we really think the federated states of micronesia has a strong interest in israeli prevalence over the palestinians ? 
  does each citizen of tuvalu really deserve 123,000 times as many votes as each citizen of india ? 
  my sense is that this is a conflict which drags on due to immaturity on both sides . 
  each side holds itself hostage to the worst behavior from the other , because neither of them can manage enough self-control to sustain a position in the face of incitement . 
  as the israelis are going into this with certain advantages ( resources , education , etc. ), 
  i hold them to a higher standard . 
  ultimately the only solution is going to come when israel has a strong leader who can get them to agree to a compromise and not drop it the first time some idiot radical palestinian blows himself up on a bus . 
  all the other unpleasant stuff ( actions of violent racist israeli settlers , etc. 
  ) , while tragic , is immaterial in the long run . 
  without political leadership and action , different flavors of repugnant behavior on both sides of the conflict will continue to rise and evolve , without any substantive change in the big picture . 
  netherlands . 
  i always use uht milk -- but i only use the fat-free kind which does n't have a strong taste , and i use it for cereal which covers the taste .
