  perhaps you are trying to say `` non-stop '' or `` express '' ? 
   having a direct line between saint lazare and la d\u00e9fense is a huge addition to the network . 
  they could call it rer-a . 
  if they start working on it now , they could probably have it in service by 1977 . 
  oh wait , they already did . 
   today we have a train / 2min at peak hour changing that to a train every 90 seconds ( which is done in several cities , so it 's certainly possible ) would mean a 33 % increase in capacity . 
  that 's huge . 
   i ve never been on the rer at 3am . 
  i ve been on the metro at 1am , but i ca n't say i like it . 
  most `` normal '' underground public is not there , so you re left with students , night workers and drunky types . 
  well , i 'd rather have them on the metro than behind the wheel . 
  extending metro hours typically has a very good impact on the reduction of drunk driving . 
  same for falling asleep at the wheel . 
   i ve been in a night train in holland and it s not great . 
  yeah , i 've been on a lot of those . 
  it 's a mix of exhausted workers and drunk idiots . 
  the idiots are annoying but it pretty much stops there . 
  again , better to have them on the metro getting home safely , than anywhere else . 
  it 's not like you 're going to be able to stop the existence of drunk idiots , so it 's better to make sure they 're dealt with in the best way possible . 
   what do you want to do , force people to start working at 6am ? 
  wo n't happen . 
  plus this would make our companies less competitive if their employees start and stop working 2 hours before the rest of europe . 
  this is a big problem in europe : everyone is so resistant at a theoretical level to changes in things like working hours , for no coherent , tangible reason . 
  there are plenty of people who would love to start and end their working day earlier . 
  among these , there are many with no particular need to fully overlap with the working day of the rest of europe . 
  people who do research , back-office paperwork , and many other tasks could really do them any time they wanted to . 
  not to mention those who interact with people in other parts of the world . 
  you only need a small percentage of commuters to shift their habits in order to bring passenger density back from reaching choking levels . 
  nobody needs to be forced to do anything . 
  provide the appropriate incentives , and the people who are interested will select themselves . 
  flex time has been used successfully all over the world . 
  it reduces resource pressure and makes for happier employees . 
   they 've already done everything they could well , they have n't , because there 's still a lot of space wasted with excessive seating . 
   people are n't going to go to work at different hours just because it 's cheaper . 
  then it 's not enough cheaper . 
   the rer a is completely satured during peak hours and there 's nothing else you can do remove some seats from the trains and widen doorways for faster loading/unloading . 
  improve electronic controls so that trains can run more frequently . 
  use off-peak discounts to encourage passengers to move their journeys to less busy periods . 
  inter-line transfers at many of the old stations in the paris city center are absolutely ridiculous . 
  you have to walk through what feels like kilometers of underground tunnels which are much too narrow for the number of people , climbing up and down and up and down stairs . 
   i do n't know how safe you would feel in the rer at 3am anyway ... washington dc has many times more murders per capita than paris , and they manage to keep their metro open until 3am on weekends . 
  new york keeps theirs open 24 hours every day . 
  well , a few houses were . 
  and the nzl needs to be built anyway ; a few houses is a small price to pay . 
  the alternative is clogging the city up with even more surface vehicles , until nobody can get anywhere with all the congestion . 
   that is pretty unacceptable it 's perfectly reasonable . 
  citizens of many eu countries can visit various countries all over the world without visas , while citizens of those same countries can visit few or no eu countries without visas . 
  and the converse situation is not limited to the usa and canada ; in fact it 's probably the case more often than not as you spin the globe . 
  this is how these things work . 
  visa policy is driven by a combination of pragmatic issues -- incentivizing tourism , easing business relationships , avoiding abuse and overstays -- and emotional , impractical ones -- punishing political or tribal rivalries , `` retaliating '' against contralateral visa requirements , etc. 
  a sensible country seeks to allow as many people as practical to enter visa-free , because it means more tourism and more trade , excluding only those nationalities that have proven to disproportionately cause problems . 
  only people acting as children would say `` you make us get visas , therefore we will make you get them too . '', 
  fortunately that mindset is in the minority among policymakers worldwide . 
  please do . 
  the same goes for anyone making such demands . 
  it 's the reaction of insecure people whose group identity does n't overlap with their community . 
  making other people speak your language is n't self-defense . 
   it 's absurd to paint the city of menen as narrowminded while they have been serving foreign citizens in their own language for years , and those citizens refused to do the same ... two wrongs do n't make a right . 
   either you say that people have the right to get an explanation in their mother tongue , or they do n't . 
  it does n't make sense to give only some groups that right . 
  then you are , de facto , supporting the identity politics of the big groups . . 
  nonsense . 
  the government makes accommodations for people with certain physical disabilities . 
  there are wheelchair ramps and braille buttons in the lifts at government buildings . 
  however , they do not have the facilities for someone in an iron lung with extreme photosensitivity , for example . 
  if you argue that we can not do anything for most people unless we can do something for 100 % of the people , then you are really arguing that we should n't do anything for anyone . 
   then you are discriminating : language users of big language will get better service than others . 
  you are not supporting minorities , but enhancing the dominance of big languages . 
  the goal of the tax office is to effectively communicate tax information to taxpayers , not to `` support minorities '' . 
  when people let identity politics get caught up in things like this , everyone suffers . 
   in belgium , the presence of french speakers makes some parties demand annexation . 
  nobody takes that seriously . 
  spanish speakers amount to a huge share of us residents , and some people do n't like that , but it does n't stop the government from doing its job and speaking the languages required to effectively communicate with people . 
  i am pretty sure there 's a combination of salary and expenditures that has someone spending very close to 70 % in taxes . 
  maybe he has to pay vat when he buys things sometimes . 
   since it makes no sense for belgian civil servants to learn every language in the world to accomodate the 200 + nationalities living in the country it must make some sense ; the usa manages to do it . 
  for example : http://www.irs.gov/pub/irs-pdf/p4134.pdf - this is a list of languages spoken at various tax assistance centers for people with limited income . 
  they provide staff that speak the languages common in each area . 
  * pittsburgh : spanish , somali , russian , nepali , french * new orleans : spanish , vietnamese , german , french , bulgarian , polish * jersey city : spanish , korean , hindi , urdu , hebrew * etc. 
  and in every region there is a center that will provide interpreters in for * any * language . 
  now , nobody expects a european country to provide this level of service ; linguistic xenophobia is too deeply-rooted . 
  but it would not be unreasonable to have a few staff who can speak english plus the one or two other most used languages , perhaps german or polish or whatever . 
  the tax office people are ludicrous about it , though . 
  they wo n't even answer questions about opening hours or visitor parking in engish . 
   understandable , knowing how horrible some people 's english can be in the netherlands . 
  you 'd want to protect the employees from accidentally promising something to citizens . 
  in the united states , the tax office has tax specialists that are fluent in many major languages ( spanish , french , russian , chinese , arabic , etc. ), 
  and interpreters for about 100 more . 
  ensures more diverse employment and helps the public at the same time . 
  i 'm pretty sure the belastingdienst could find people with native-level english fluency if it tried . 
  i do n't see where it 's any effort for the reasonable people . 
  if you can speak the same language someone else can , speak it . 
  if you ca n't , then decide to either learn it or not bother talking to those people , as you please . 
  3/5 , not half . 
  and this has not been the case for almost two centuries . 
  i do n't see it as a problem and there 's no need to `` solve '' it . 
  let people speak whatever language they want to . 
  if it prevents them from communicating , there 's their incentive to learn another one . 
  sure , one should n't necessarily expect that everyone is capable of speaking every language . 
  however , it 's preposterous to say that civil servants are not allowed to speak french if they do know it , just because some idiots ' tribal nonsense .
