   what would stop someone from the netherlands signing up to a contract from lithuania and then using the lithuanian sim card in the netherlands , thereby getting access to the cheapest rates in the union ? 
  mainly that their friends are not going to want to pay international rates to dial a lithuanian mobile number . 
   they do n't want border controls  ...  gibraltar does n't want the border controls to go consult the label on your meds . 
  or than gibraltar is `` in '' spain . 
  schengen 's not the only way in the world to dispense with border controls . 
  are the uk and ireland in schengen ? 
  there is an island ( bali ) that stops for one entire day every year ( hari nyepi ) . 
  kind of amazing how many countries keep sending multi-million-euro orders to ansaldobreda given the widespread dissatisfaction with the results . 
   also , how come they are n't made of polymer yet ? 
  because polymer banknotes are the most annoying thing in the universe . 
  * they do n't stay folded , instead they fly back open . 
  * they do n't stay in stacks , instead they fall all over the place . 
  * they slide against each other so it 's easy to drop them when pulling some from your wallet . 
  * they look horrid after a little bit of circulation because of the way every crease becomes a permanent feature . 
  all the german coins are here in the netherlands . 
  amsterdam : all the coins i have with me are from germany ( the vast majority ) , netherlands , belgium , and france . 
  sometimes i see a spanish one . 
  i do n't think i 've ever had an italian one ( except in italy ) , which surprises me since there must be a lot of those . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'll never see one of these new latvian ones in the wild unless i go to the baltics . 
  it 's surprising how little the coins travel , really . 
  i see ( and hear and smell ) them all the time in the suburbs here in the netherlands . 
  they 're even more stupid and annoying here since there are so few leaves . 
  the trees that grow in many parts of the northern usa are much larger than anything i 've seen in settled areas of europe . 
  i 'm not sure you understand just how many leaves they produce . 
  i lived in the usa for many years ; in the autumn , in areas where we had n't raked up the leaves , we 'd have a 40cm-thick layer of leaves on the grass . 
  there 's no way those are going to decompose over the winter to make way a bright green field of grass in the springtime . 
  * [ orthodox teens throw rocks at women of wall ] ( http://www.thejc.com/news/israel-news/107392/orthodox-teens-throw-rocks-women-wall ) * [ 8-year-old girl spat on for walking to school ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/id/45794260/ns/world_news-mideast_n_africa/#.tvngsnnfgx5 ) * [ persistent efforts by ultra-orthodox jewish men to shunt israeli women to the back of public buses ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/id/45714942/ns/world_news-mideast_n_africa/t/religious-jews-still-try-segregate-israel-buses/ ) etc. 
  this sort of shit happens in almost every place in the world where traditional religions are strong , but the parallels with attitudes of conservative islam are striking in the context . 
  even for one day ? 
  it really matters to you that much ? 
  this is why we have wars . 
  not op , but if i had to answer the question , i 'd say israelis are closest to palestinians because : * food * music * language * attitudes of the conservative segment of society towards women etc. 
   why are small businesses better ? 
  small business tend to spend more in the area itself , keeping the local economy viable , instead of siphoning profits off to god knows where . 
  how does this compare to the increased prices paid by the customers of small shops , and the lost productivity due to having to visit 10 small shops to find a certain item ? 
   the method rarely produces direct evidence of a crime because criminals are usually aware that their phones are being tapped . 
  dutch prosecution authorities are obliged to inform people when they become the subject of a wiretapping order . 
  why is a small business less able to afford sunday opening than a large one ? 
  i never understood this argument . 
  it only seems to apply to businesses that are so small that the owner is the only employee , in which case they 're not exactly doing much for the jobs situation . 
  maybe you should get a dutch bank account !, 
  you can do your transfers online from estonia . 
  i can confirm that they are free here in the netherlands , and at least domestically , they 're usually instant . 
  a 300-year-old debate , being debated only by spanish politicians looking for diversions from their failures in office . 
  who knows what might have been removed beneath germany !, 
  maybe it 's $ 19 in luxembourg . 
  because why would anyone buy a sedan when they could have a hatchback instead ? 
  more space , more versatility , same road size , what 's the downside ? 
  his own embassy is n't going to have any information about this . 
  they 'll simply refer him to the relevant immigration department ( s ) . 
  i do n't see why they could n't . 
  they have your session data cross-referenced with your pppoe ( or other ) identifier . 
  that 's correct . 
  i 've bough a number of prepaid sims in the netherlands and never had to show any id . 
  the income requirement is quite high . 
  and the government likes to throw up random bureaucratic obstacles . 
  not to blame the victim or anything , but the european parliament may wish to consider investing a bit more in information security . 
  no need to make it easy on the spooks . 
  we have those little cantata things for them . 
  and buses and trams . 
  i find it difficult to believe that the hundred thousand cars in amsterdam are all for people with impaired mobility . 
  the idea was that it was too dangerous for them to mix with cars . 
  however , having scooters mix with bikes imho adds more marginal danger for the bikes than mixing with cars does for the scooters . 
  i think the solution is probably to do it gradually . 
  start with traffic calming measures that take away a few parking spots here , a few there . 
  if it can be done without withdrawing existing parking permits , and only by not issuing new ones , there will be less resistance . 
  they 're ridiculous , but still better than the scooters , because they go slowly and do n't weave in and out between the bikes . 
   there really is n't much car parking space in amsterdam . 
  there are tens of thousands of on-street parking spaces . 
  they should all be removed . 
  people who want to own cars can rent/buy spaces in covered car parks . 
  even at the amount the city/cition charges for a street parking permit , it 's still a huge subsidy to drivers . 
  the answer is hiding in your second sentence . 
  remove even more cars from the roads , and then a much larger number of people will be able to cycle . 
   population is a stretch not a stretch at all . 
  it 's the same order of magnitude . 
  comparing a high school with 300 students to one with 500 students , is much easier than comparing the 300-student school with a 20-student school . 
   saying that there are no cultural , linguistic , religious or ethnic diversity in the us is absurd . 
  i do n't think anyone has ever said that . 
   it 's time for you to visit texas and california . 
  i 'd bet my left testicle you 're not basing this off of personal experience if you think texas and california are similar . 
  i 've been to texas plenty , and lived in california for a long time . 
  they are more similar than any two non-adjacent european countries ( as long as i get to call denmark and norway `` adjacent '' ) . 
  and it 's quite amusing that some people claim north and south america are one big continent called `` america '' , but that asia , europe , and africa are each completely separate . 
   why do you insist on comparing the entire eu to one country ? 
  because the economies and populations are of similar magnitude between us and eu . 
  comparing the usa to malta is pointless because the differences in scale get in the way . 
  for example , when you 're smaller than a certain size it 's not that you have proportionally fewer battleships , you just have none . 
   why no comparison of canada or china to the eu ? 
  the eu gets compared to china all the time . 
  maybe if you 're in the usa you 're more likely to see usa-based comparisons . 
   we are not ( at least i 'm not ) saying that texas-new york is equivalent to ireland-bosnia . 
  maybe you 're not , but you might be surprised how many people do make that sort of claim . 
  they think that because you ca n't find in-and-out burgers in vermont , it 's like another planet . 
  i forgot , where in the usa is blair from again ? 
   there would no longer be any motivation by al-qaeda to attack our country . 
  oh please . 
  99 % of all terrorists simply attack their neighbors . 
  they 're angry because life has n't gone the way they wanted , so they invent a justification to lash out at a convenient nearby target . 
   what should the author have said , then ?
