  perhaps i 'm better at buying cheap clothes in the us than you are . 
  mine last for many years . 
  i 'm not a fashion plate . 
  i wear jeans and t-shirts . 
  the items i buy in the us last longer ( usually years longer ) than similar items i buy in europe ( unless they 're the same brands , in which case they just cost half as much ) . 
  perhaps you can buy better double-breasted coats and top-hats in europe ; i 'm not sure about that . 
  as someone who 's lived in the us , asia ( where we were inundated in chinese stuff which was of atrocious quality ) , and europe , i think you 're just being dogmatic . 
  i can get better quality clothes at half the price in us as compared to europe . 
  in both cases they were imported from somewhere else . 
  what matters more than the place of origin , i think , is the company that contracted the production . 
  * chinese-made stuff sold in asia = normally total shit of the worst conceivable quality . 
  until you 've experienced it you could not believe how bad the stuff is . 
  towels where all the soft part rubs off onto your body the first time you use them , leaving you with a flat sheet of rough cloth . 
  hammers where the head breaks off after pounding 5 or 6 nails . 
  * chinese-made stuff sold in europe = mediocre quality , lower than the quality of comparable european-made goods but often worth the cost savings since things are generally so expensive here . 
  * chinese-made stuff sold in the usa = mediocre to decent quality , depending on the brand . 
  american companies seem to have a longer history with this type of outsourcing so they get better quality and work more closely with the manufacturers for better designs . 
   those ridiculous `` 100mbps '' connections usually have an uplink speed of ~ 2.5 mbps . 
  really ? 
  i have n't seen that . 
  which country ? 
  here there 's 120/10 and 100/100 ( different providers ) . 
   spain here . 
  yes and yes . 
  unemployment is near 25 % historically that 's not too abnormal for spain . 
  only during the recent good times has unemployment been anything like low there . 
   you can see a lot of people ** yogging **  reading that in my head immediately brings me back to happy memories of a good colombian friend . 
  why would turkish immigrants hurt the financial situation ? 
  would they become bank directors and make a bunch of bad investments ? 
  like what ? 
  because he did n't post under the germany category . 
  dutch investors . 
  the nicest ones are in hotel lobbies . 
  also free , and you 're less likely to attract scrutiny than at a small bar or restaurant . 
  in new york city , every large new office building has , by law , a public area including free toilets . 
   in some countries , generations of people have invested and made sacrifices to build a highly developed infrastructure and well-working institutions . 
  why should you be allowed to simply waltz in and use what others have built ? 
  those people are mostly dead . 
  i do n't think they matter too much . 
  i always tell all my friends i 'm going to someone 's house for dinner before burglarizing it . 
  you 've just figured out why . 
  well , no , i 'm not . 
  far more people are shot accidentally or for mistaken reasons than are shot in the service of legitimate self-defense . 
  i 'm not ordinarily in the business of planning how to murder my dinner guests , but i suppose i 'd trick them into going upstairs to get their coats which did n't fit in the hall closet or something . 
   if they where your guests you probably shot them execution style , because they where not going to attack you . 
  this is silly . 
  why would he kill them in a way that undermines his legal defense ? 
  statistically , it wo n't happen . 
  what will happen is that you will shoot some teenage kids who are sneaking around your house on a drunken dare because they thought you were n't home . 
  it 's not important for him to say those things , but it 's important for people to be * able * to express their opinions . 
  everything offends someone , and the slippery slope of legislating away any form of offense is to my mind a very dangerous one . 
   making them feel very unwelcome in the land if their birth are you honestly arguing for a legal imperative for every member of society to make every other member feel welcome ? 
  the man is a dickhead , but the idea that he could be prosecuted for complaining about people is far more offensive than anything he 's ever said . 
   however , are n't there those weird sim cards that work in any eu country without roaming rates ? 
  their per-minute rates are far higher than the rates you 'd get from buying separate sims . 
  sometimes obscenely so . 
  it 's like paying roaming rates everywhere , instead of roaming rates in every country but one . 
  note that t-mobile 's prepaid service in the netherlands is quite expensive compared to the competition . 
  roaming data is kind of a killer . 
  even the cheapest plans are around $ 2/megabyte . 
  that means it 's going to cost you us$ 3 to start up google maps and zoom in to see where you are . 
  also , i think many carriers have stopped doing prepaid data roaming because the eu rules have reduced their profit margins too much . 
  given that , it 's almost sure to be cheaper to buy prepaid sims in each country where you 'll be spending more than a couple days . 
   ( it is capable of all 4 international frequencies . ), 
  there 's a lot more than that . 
  anyway , are you going to be using the phone a little or a lot ? 
  will you be texting and/or talking with fellow travelers using the phone ? 
  or only making hotel reservations ? 
  or only receiving anxious calls from your mom once a week ? 
  will you be using mobile data or will you be okay finding open wifi hotspots when you can ? 
  your usage patterns dictate the most economical course of action . 
  without that kind of information it 's impossible to give a good recommendation . 
  there 's one thing worse : when people think that linking to a youtube video featuring a lunatic ranting about a hotly contested topic proves anything . 
  is this web site ( economicsnewspaper.com ) written by broken robots ? 
  citibank does charge this fee if you have a us-based account . 
  not sure about other countries . 
  it 's just a bargaining position . 
  they are trying to put pressure on italy and others to tighten up their external borders . 
  if you want sugarey , at larger supermarkets there 's almost always a store brand of muesli or flakes with chocolate bits in it , usually $ 1.50 or less for a nice big box . 
  coming from the american cerealic tradition , it 's the only bowled thing i can eat in europe . 
   dorset cereals is the best cereals you can find in europe !, 
  my mother is visiting me at the moment and she keeps buying that stuff . 
  it 's horrid . 
  i ca n't tell the difference between taste of the cereal and the box it came in . 
  likewise the texture . 
  yes , that 's who i 'm talking about too . 
   i ca n't see why anybody will find it offensive to hear that a. ... korean that was born and grew up in germany and does n't speak german is a fking asshole . 
  i do n't understand . 
  i do n't have any grudge against someone who grew up and lives in the usa speaking only spanish or chinese . 
  why is it my problem ? 
  if they can get by , good for them . 
  if it causes them social or economic problems , well , they ought to learn english . 
  but it 's their issue , no reason for me to get my blood pressure up . 
  there are entire neighborhoods where it 's difficult to communicate or get anything done if you do n't speak spanish or chinese . 
  i like visiting there , it 's interesting and different . 
   i always thought that amazon stayed out of my country ( the netherlands ) they 're effectively in it . 
  you can get free shipping from amazon.co.uk , amazon.fr , or amazon.de to the netherlands - just choose whichever one has the best price for the item in question ( which is usually amazon.de ) . 
  if i am not committing a crime , then it 's none of their business who i hang out with , where i go , and so on . 
  having my dna on file makes it easier for people to piece together things like that . 
  how do i know what will happen with that information ?
