  my hypothesis is that the government is just too small to be able to manage a larger view of the problem . 
  if they want to cut expenditures , they need to do it in a way that affects everyone in fair proportions . 
  the current approach : today we 'll fuck the households with a lot of children , oh wait , let 's not do that ... today we 'll fuck the zzpers , oh wait , let 's not do that ... today we 'll fuck the elderly , oh wait , let 's not do that ... just makes everyone skittish and hurts the economy more than anything else . 
   if you receive less money you should spend less money . 
  that may make sense on a household level , but not for a government . 
  a government has responsibility not only for fiscal policy ( managing expenses and a budget ) but also for monetary policy ( steering the economy by managing the flow of capital into the system ) . 
  a government that only dealt with the fiscal side , like someone working out their monthly bills from their pay packet , would watch its economy fly off the rails at the first major cyclical inflection . 
  in that case no passport has any value , because they do n't `` confer citizenship on the possessor '' . 
  they document citizenship . 
  quite a difference . 
  if you are not a citizen and have been issued a passport in error ( which happens all too often ) , that does n't magically make you a citizen , you 're just someone with an invalid travel document . 
   what about the un diplomatic passports ? 
  diplomatic passports are horrible for travel , you have to get a visa to go just about anywhere . 
  anyway they 're not meant to be used for personal/recreational travel . 
  the index is not very nuanced ; they just drew an arbitrary line and called everything a `` yes '' or a `` no '' . 
  someone with a german passport who travels to every country on the planet will be close to a thousand euros richer than someone with an american passport who follows the identical itinerary . 
   south africa , israel , thailand , taiwan , japan , new zealand , chile , botswana ( partially ) , most of australia , most of mexico , parts of brazil , colombia and peru are covered too . 
  i frequently use it for hong kong and singapore , and i 'm sure they have other places too . 
  the difference between the stasi situation and street view is that google maps is available to everyone . 
  it 's not creating an information advantage whereby those in power are able to use data that others can not . 
  if anything , the blurring brings you back towards the stasi situation because in that case the real visual data is only available to google and the authorities . 
  perhaps you secretly like it that way . 
  otherwise i really can not fathom the argument . 
  watch out , now you 're next in line to be fined by the french government . 
  in the case of the usa it 's most of the way there . 
  if you have p.r. 
  you 're unlikely to face any major obstacles to citizenship . 
  if you want to help your country , would n't you want highly-educated people with useful skills ? 
  money comes anyway if there 's something good to spend it on , it 's not as if there 's no such thing as foreign investment . 
  and if there 's nothing worth spending it on in your country , your rich newly-minted citizens are going to invest elsewhere . 
   it allows to have foreign professors or foreign students more easily , which is important . 
  also extremely important is that it unlocks access to the largest quantity of contemporary scientific and other scholarly publications . 
  well , also in the netherlands you can just watch straight-up bbc ( we have bbc 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 on cable ) . 
  no subtitling or any other interference . 
  if it were based on the english proficiency of a random sampling of people on the street , rather than of people who engage with ef ( a language-training company ) , then hong kong would score even lower . 
  most people in hk speak barely any english , if at all . 
  it was a british colony but always had a very chinese character . 
  it 's silly to see the numbers for hong kong look so similar to those for singapore , where almost everyone , from executives to street cleaners , speaks english . 
  in reality you 'd expect it to be something like hk 20 / singapore 70 . 
  but this makes sense when you consider the source of their numbers . 
  in singapore it 's not so likely you would bother going to ef to learn english , since you already used it every day in school , so the people who do show up on the survey are the ones that have some reason to feel concerned about their english skills . 
  i 've never seen garlic sold with dirt on it . 
  but anyway , i put those things in a cloth bag . 
  dirt shakes out in a second . 
  and the bag can be laundered occasionally . 
   producers produce cleaners that customers want to buy . 
  i am very much in doubt that people want to purchase wasteful guzzlers instead of efficient modern cleaning devices ( especially if you take into account insanely high electricity prices in some eu countries ) . 
  have you seen the cars some people buy ? 
   vegetables do you have a law in romania that says you ca n't put vegetables in cloth bags ? 
  i do n't understand . 
   the cloth bags have some serious problems hygiene wise i put mine in the laundry every month or two . 
  it 's lasted for many years and has no odor or stains . 
  was she also suspicious because they had n't bothered to visit france even once during the past three years ? 
  how is that text ( king of the netherlands william alexander ) possibly going to be legible on the 10/20c coins ? 
  also , is n't it a bit demeaning to print his name on there , as if he 's so obscure that people would otherwise have no idea who it is ? 
   we ca n't , by law it is required that his face appear on the coins . 
  i do n't think that 's relevant to his suggestion , but in any case , let 's get rid of that dumb law . 
  you are coming from the usa ? 
  i do n't see the point of this exercise . 
  just get an account with charles schwab or capital one , and bring along your atm card . 
  you will pay less in atm fees than you 'd pay in transfer fees to get the money to the european account . 
  and you wo n't have to worry about the hassle of opening the account , transferring the money , closing it , and transferring the rest back home . 
  also , most european banks wo n't let non-residents open transaction accounts with atm cards . 
  and many of them charge monthly account maintenance fees . 
  and charge lousy currency exchange rates ( you will be crossing some currency borders between eurozone , uk , and scandinavia ) , much worse than you 'd get from schwab or capital one . 
  especially since you 'd be paying exchange fees twice , once when you transferred your lump sum to the european bank and again when you used the atm in a different currency zone . 
  tl ; dr : bad idea , do n't do it , you get nothing out of it except hassle and expense . 
  i do n't think it should be forbidden . 
  i think that people who stick their fingers in their ears and say `` na na na i ca n't hear you , everyone loves it , there 's nothing racist about it '' are fools . 
  celebrate all you want , but do so with a full knowledge of what you 're actually doing . 
  outlawing racism is ridiculous and wo n't work . 
  but that does n't mean a society concerned about race relations and equality is wise to actively nurture a lorry-sized blind spot about its own racism . 
  the black dutch people i know find the zwarte piet thing disgusting . 
  the media are always able to scare up a few who are willing to say it 's all good fun , but i 'd be surprised if an actual scientific opinion poll among dutch people of african descent showed deep support . 
   right , and everyone going to t2 goes through the same checking , screening and has access to the same shops and bathroom facilities . 
  no , that 's not true . 
  to pass from the schengen area to the non-schengen area you have to go through a passport check . 
  the passengers do n't mix . 
   it is not true , at most the airport uses different gates for schengen/non-schengen . 
  they do this because the areas are separated from each other . 
  look , this is a dumb conversation . 
  what i am saying is true . 
  i fly up to hundreds of times a year . 
  next time you are in a major european airport , check for yourself and get back to us . 
   i 've had connecting flights in riga , vienna and munchen . 
  there was never an area of the airport exclusive to schengen travelers i have n't used riga 's airport since they joined schehgen , but vienna and munich definitely have separate schengen and non-schengen areas . 
  in vienna , gates b , c , and f are for schengen flights . 
  in munich t1 , modules a and b are used for schengen flights . 
  in munich t2 , level 4 ( g gates ) is for schengen flights and level 5 ( h gates ) is for non-schengen flights . 
  next time pay more attention . 
  look at the destinations of the flights near yours . 
  try to walk from where you are to an area with flights that have the opposite schengen-ness . 
  you 'll have to go through passport control , even though you 're staying in the airside part of the airport . 
   kroes also wants eu veto power over national auctions of mobile spectrum , and to make it easier for operators to charge companies such as google more for carrying heavy loads of data at high speeds . 
  in other words , anti-network-neutrality ? 
  you 'll notice it when you 're transferring between flights , and one leg involves a schengen destination while the other one does not . 
  for instance , if you fly from rome to new york via paris , then at paris you will have to move from the schengen area of the airport to the non-schengen area before you can board your new york flight . 
  if you are flying from rome to madrid via paris , you wo n't notice anything , because you stay in the schengen area the entire time . 
  likewise you wo n't notice anything if you are flying from casablanca to new york via paris , because you stay in the non-schengen area the entire time . 
  every * major * international airport in the schengen zone is divided into two airside areas : the schengen and the non-schengen area .
