  this is because you are young . 
  in the old days , before everyone got so paranoid , i used to bicycle between canada and the usa with nothing but a driver 's license . 
  never waited in line , spent maybe 1 minute showing it to the immigration officer . 
   why should the eu allow canadians the right that canada does not allow eu citizens ? 
  lol for the same reason that citizens of many eu nations have visa-free access to countries whose citizens need visas to visit the eu . 
  eu traveler to morocco ? 
  welcome , enjoy your 90-day stay . 
  morocco traveler to eu ? 
  think again . 
  why is this ? 
  because it 's in morocco 's rational financial interest to have these travelers , even if the lack of reciprocity is annoying . 
   we have 90 day visa waiver agreements with some 173 countries . 
  no you do n't . 
  many are 30-day . 
  the main driver of visa-free access to the us is the number of people from a given passport who overstay . 
  after that there are other security considerations . 
  if polish travelers to the us historically have a higher overstay rate than hungarian travelers , then you can end up in the situation we have today . 
  given the large number of polish people with family ties to the us , and the condition of the polish economy a decade or two ago , this is not surprising . 
  i hope they are not making policy based on episodes of the wire . 
  that 's why i ran the line for the other phones through a spare light switch in the basement . 
  my parents thought the phone just had dead air when i was using the computer . 
  it 's okay , you are finnish , nobody expects you to feel any feelings . 
  to shine some light on the other side of things , there have been several riots incited in part by twitter discussions of refugees . 
  the police are not forcing anyone to take down tweets ( and in this case i doubt they could ) , but they are trying to find a way to get ahead of the riot issue . 
  this is a hamfisted way to do it , but we 're in newish territory here . 
   why do you have to be friends just because you live nearby ? 
  you can be friends with people who share your interests or who you 've known from school or coworkers etc. 
  but it seems artificial to see a street as a community . 
  to some degree it 's different from the other types of friends you 're talking about . 
  i do n't live in the usa ( but rather in the netherlands ) but our street feels like what people describe as a community . 
  the neighbors take care of each others plants , help each other carry heavy things , watch each other 's houses when someone is traveling . 
  on nice afternoons people from a few adjoining houses may bring chairs to the sidewalk and drink some beers or wine together . 
  every summer we have a big dinner in the street with hundreds of people . 
  i 'd be sad not to have that stuff . 
  also , at a practical level , it 's beneficial for me to put in a little effort to help them , in exchange for them helping me when i need it . 
  they may not be my soulmates , but when i walk outside the house , it 's nice to share greetings with smiling people who know my name , rather than dead-eyed stares with people who prefer to be strangers . 
  i 'm downtown a couple times a week . 
  maybe you give off a please-harass-me vibe ? 
  assuming that 's a thing . 
   beggars everywhere , found around 10 ( illegal ) syrian looking beggars asking for money . 
  when i said no , they did n't leave me alone but harassed me down the street . 
  how is it that i live in amsterdam and walk around every single day , and this has never happened to me even once ? 
  do n't think you need to smuggle them - you can post them legally . 
  same here . 
  in portugal i can speak english with almost everyone i meet . 
  in spain i 'm lucky if i come across one person a day who speaks anything resembling english . 
  go to any middle-brow german restaurant and then to any middle-brow american restaurant and you 'll find almost exactly the same foods ( if not drinks ) on the menu . 
  also i find no other country ( other than canada ) where house interiors look more similar to those in the usa . 
  no , the reason that assimilation has worked in the usa is because there was little or no forced language use . 
  this allowed people to integrate comfortably in their own time rather than feeling so much like outsiders as they do in europe . 
  the us is generally very good about language freedom , even if some xenophobes do n't like it . 
  in urban areas with many immigrants , you 'll find public services and documents , even electoral ballots , in a variety of languages . 
  the government has to come up with an interpreter if you ca n't understand enough english to interact with them . 
  puerto ricans are full us citizens , with the right to move back and forth to the mainland at will , and they can vote in any election as soon as they arrive and register . 
  it 's much more than a colony . 
  seriously !, 
  took some getting used to . 
  they 're smiling . 
  definitely photoshopped . 
  yes , it 's nice if you 're used to it . 
  a little feeling of closeness with people in your community . 
   i do n't think that most people from any given country actually wants strangers to breathe on their necks . 
  working in asia , i found that in some places , if i was the only person sitting in a huge empty room and any stranger came in , they 'd instinctively choose a seat right next to me . 
  the us does self-segregated immigrant communities better than anyone . 
  if you 're past schooling age you do n't need to learn a word of english , you can speak chinese/spanish/russian / vietnamese at the dmv , the library , the irs office , the police station , all the shops and banks in your neighborhood . 
  the big difference is that the us is still completely willing to consider these people american . 
  and this is a huge part of why you do n't see such a strong us-vs-them feeling with respect to immigrant communities like you do in europe . 
  within a few generations the descendants of these american immigrant community members have melted into the general population . 
  in europe they 're still living two blocks from their grandparents ' house . 
  because the pattern is very common . 
  new immigrants tend to be less involved in crime than the general population . 
  however , their children tend to be more involved in it . 
  people argue a lot about the causes of this . 
  some possibilities ( and the reality is probably a combination of these and/or other factors ) : * immigrant parents expect community participation in regulating their children 's behavior , but that participation does n't exist the same way in their new country . 
  * children of immigrant parents observe their parents being treated poorly in their new country and internalize resentment . 
  * children of immigrants have more expectations than their parents of material and social rewards from membership in society , fueled by media and direct observation , and are frustrated when this fails to materialize . 
  * children of immigrants do not feel part of the native group identity , and seek one among the immigrant community , but this does not offer the full range of social structures found in their parents ' country of origin , therefore providing an incomplete , flawed set of normative behavioral models . 
  i do n't think that depends on where your front door is . 
  `` young man , the drug test shows that you were driving down a belgian highway with blood that 's 72 % thc . '', 
  `` but my front door is in the dutch part of baarle-nassau ! '', 
  `` oh sorry , never mind , have a nice day . '', 
   mobility is not a problem in baarle-nassau but do they face the same policing issues ? 
  can i tweak a belgian policeman on the nose and then hop across the street and laugh at him with impunity ? 
  well , they 'll definitely want to turn down their air conditioning in the winter . 
  does n't have to be that way . 
  singapore and monaco both have a larger country on one side and the sea on the other . 
  but there 's no question that singapore holds its own against malaysia . 
   it would necessitate international negotiations every single day for trivial stuff like maintaining sewers and repairing the sidewalk . 
  vastly impractical . 
  europe is full of metropolitan areas that straddle borders . 
  it 's not some crazy thing that 's never been achieved before . 
   the international companies in brussels have employees from outside of brussels . 
  brussels is basically a funnel getting foreign money into belgium . 
  that would still happen for the surrounding areas , just the same i 'd imagine . 
  should it matter that much as long as there is free movement ? 
  it 's already its own administrative division . 
  splitting belgium between france , germany , and the glorious netherlands results in one fewer country at the end of the day . 
   this should be higher up . 
  the biggest problem in the belgium question is brussels . 
  it lies interly in flanders but almost everybody speaks french .
