  which rate ? 
  like i said , there 's no single rate that all people in germany pay . 
  some people in germany pay $ 0,01 / minute for calls , and others pay $ 0,20 . 
  which rate do you use ? 
  really the only way to make this work is to require roaming customers to study the available deals in germany and make a selection . 
  that seems impractical . 
   in france you have to prove residence and in most cases you need a french bank account . 
  i just got a sim card at a french tobacconist 2 days ago and i 've been using it ever since . 
  never showed them any id and i do n't have a french bank account . 
  what 's the local rate ? 
  within germany i am sure some customers are paying 3x as much as others . 
   the only way that works is if you brought the workers in and paid them at romanian wages , which would be massively unfair , and make it impossible for them to live a decent life in a country where all of the major costs of living are much higher . 
  almost all the staff of a mobile phone company can be remote . 
  90 % of the workforce can remain in romania , bringing down the average cost considerably . 
   it was n't going to work , you ca n't have what amounts to a single price across countries that differ in income by more than an order of magnitude . 
  of course you can , many goods and services are priced that way . 
  are 150cm tvs available for $ 15 in romania ? 
  how about air tickets to new york ? 
   the only way around it would be restrictions on who could buy certain domestic contracts - that a swede could n't go to romania , buy a phone at romanian rates , and then bring it home to use in sweden . 
  the restriction is already built in , except for data : if you bring a romanian phone to sweden then you are forcing all your friends in sweden to pay international rates to call you . 
  yes , large wedding cakes have structural elements to keep their improbable shapes intact . 
  wedding cakes are often built this way . 
   it 's about food products having non-food inclusions in them . 
  what about popsicles ? 
  they have wooden sticks . 
  and lollipops have cardboard . 
  turkeys often come with the giblets in a bag stuck up the bumhole . 
  if there were any truth to it , then this would be happening in the framework of a multilateral body more inclusive than the eu . 
   by being a member of the wto , countries will have to abolish roaming charges anyway . 
  that 's not at all what the passage you quoted says . 
  it only says that countries must provide access to inbound roaming on a non-discriminatory basis . 
  that means that an irish carrier whose phone is roaming in singapore , must pay the same rate to the singaporean company as a chinese carrier whose phone is roaming in singapore . 
  nope , the whole point is that you will be able to use your national bundle while roaming . 
  my phone gets warm enough when watching youtube that if i start the video and then keep it under my shirt , i might actually survive being on a beach in latvia . 
   does this mean that people could just get the phone deal from the cheapest country and use it in their own country ? 
  not yet , because for the next year there are surcharges on data which make it quite expensive for intense use ( $ 0,05 / mb above your normal rate ) . 
  after that , it will still not be attractive to most people to have a foreign phone number . 
  it looks weird and is probably expensive for people to call/text it . 
  i am guessing the eventual deal will place some sort of residency requirement on long-term use of a sim card from a given country . 
   now i know in france , ready to go does n't really compare . 
  the best deal you could get there is maybe $ 30 a month for 1gb of data , and free texts to french numbers . 
  it 's very easy to find $ 10 for 1gb in france . 
  you should stop around a little more !, 
   i do n't think the eu laws require operators to let you use any bundled allowance while roaming ? 
  so operators can offer a cheap bundle of minutes/texts/data for domestic use , and charge you out the ass for usage outside of that bundle , domestic or roaming . 
  nope , you have to be able to use your bundle when roaming , and you will only pay the $ 0,05 / mb surcharge for use in other eu countries . 
  otherwise there would be no point whatsoever to this regulation . 
   then they 'll just hike up domestic usage fees as long as at least one company sees profits in not doing this , it wo n't work . 
  it is not a period like what europe was experiencing , because it ended quickly and neatly , with a full sense of closure , and with very few deaths . 
  four times as many people died in car accidents in japan on the day of the major sarin attack . 
  and it was a generation ago , it 's not part of the contemporary consciousness . 
  as an old fart , i remember when it happened , everyone was scared of riding the metro for a few weeks , and then it faded away . 
  nobody gives it a moment 's thought now . 
   i 'm pretty sure i do , or have you never heard of aum shinrikyo . 
  you mean when i wrote `` the gas attack in the tokyo subway , which was in 1995 '' ? 
  there was no bomb . 
  the sarin was in plastic bags . 
   i think you 're the one who does n't know what they 're talking about . 
  for god 's sake , do n't go through life in total ignorance blustering against the truth . 
  almost all the facts you have presented are verifiably wrong . 
  that does n't change the point that the language came from england . 
   it was n't even that long ago that japan was suffering from some pretty bad terrorist attacks . 
  i do n't think you know what you 're talking about at all . 
  there was no such period . 
   there was a pretty nasty train bombing . 
  what train bombing ? 
  in 1985 a bomb intended for a plane ( part of the same india-related attack that was successful on a different air india plane in canada the same day ) killed a whopping two people . 
  maybe you 're thinking of the gas attack in the tokyo subway , which was in 1995 , twenty-one years ago -- and basically the only thing of its kind that modern japan has ever experienced . 
   people do n't just leave bikes unlocked at train stations in small towns they absolutely do . 
  in tokyo bikes are nominally locked , with a thin cable lock through the front wheel , something that could be defeated in 10 seconds by a kid with a pair of pliers . 
  on the other hand , murder is also one of the least ambiguous crimes to count . 
  i 've never been in a taxi ( or an uber ) in all the time i 've spent in portugal . 
  not because i was particularly avoiding them , but simply because i never felt the need . 
  so no matter what else , you can do the same and it could n't possibly be an issue . 
  portugal is lovely . 
  this would not be a reason to miss out . 
  demand leads to supply . 
  anyway , do n't argue with me , i 'm not the thai people . 
   at least until recently - very safe with extremely tourist-friendly locals . 
  thailand has never been `` very safe '' . 
  it 's safe enough , similar to the usa , but by no means one of the safer countries in the world . 
  locals are adept at putting on a smile for tourists but the general attitude behind the smiles is somewhere between disdain and disgust . 
  make friends with people who can really understand idiomatic thai and you 'll be shocked at the things that are said about you all day long as you walk around . 
  thailand is a lot more violent than eastern europe . 
   things like the sex tourism industry does not help their view of westerners . 
  what 's your proposal ? 
  what 's your proposal ? 
  move turkey to the pacific ? 
   why the fuck would anyone give in to him in the first place ? 
  because his hand is on the tap that controls the flow of syrian refugees into europe . 
  he will have to put up or shut up . 
  the more of these things are published , the more he will have to either waste political capital on fighting them , or be seen as the tantrumming child that he is . 
  either way he loses , which is probably good for everyone . 
   it is an honest opinion of many turks . 
  there is a feeling that ` they ' ( the west ) ` hate us because we sieged vienna seriously ? 
  i doubt you could find a single person alive in the west who has even the tiniest grudge over something so irrelevant to modern life . 
   do you think crazies who walk around the market square carrying pics of aborted fetuses , spouting bullshit about massive genocide should be allowed to do so ? 
  yes . 
  they 're crazy , but if they 're not committing any actual crime , then it 's their right to be crazy . 
   i can .
