  that only explains things if there are actually `` relatively small communities '' that do n't have broadband . 
  i was just in germany visiting friends , and we stopped at some relatives ' house in a town of a couple hundred people , and they had proper broadband . 
  plus i thought every single mud hut in germany had been wired for isdn a long time ago . 
  i think it 's really a chart of how many very old people there are in each country . 
   by the way ... did you know that the fine for not stopping for a zebra crossing is 350 euros ? 
  might be interesting to complain with the police and you might see some sweet justice served . 
  seriously , i could put up a camera and walk back and forth across the road and record 50 incidents of this by dinner time . 
  will the police take action based on a video that shows the number plate ? 
  i am tempted to do it !, 
   you 're talking about your fellow dutch full human beings . 
  in nl they are not stupid or sociopaths , that simply does n't fly . 
  i live by a clearly-marked zebra crossing in amsterdam where 9 times out of 10 , drivers do not stop even for small children , except at the very last minute to avoid a collision . 
  drivers are sociopaths . 
  they can all go to hell . 
  yes , i am emotional about this , but the stakes are too high for gentle nudging toward proper behavior . 
  the only thing that will work is getting them off the streets . 
   i think schools should devote some time to explain all the differences so we do n't have people saying `` cinema '' and `` movies '' in the same sentence . 
  americans would say those words in one sentence ; nothing odd about it . 
   i find the concept of poles and germans living in the same nation ridiculous . 
  considering how young both countries are , and how often the borders in that part of europe have shifted over the years , i really do n't understand what you 're talking about . 
   but being an island nation any trip has to be planned weeks in advance because it 's a bit more complicated crossing 20 or more miles of water it takes you weeks of planning to hop on a ferry ? 
   me offering other solutions like making the public transport more attractive by making it ( a lot ) cheaper . 
  would n't that be an obvious way to get less cars on the road ? 
  and an obviously better solution than taxation ? 
  taxing cars does make public transportation cheaper . 
  it 's all relative . 
  at the moment , cars are too cheap . 
  every car is a very bad thing because it causes a high amount of pollution and congestion per passenger-km , and has a significant chance of killing someone . 
  i recognize that there are places where cars are the only really viable way of getting around , which is why i 'm not talking about those places . 
  i am talking about places there there are plenty of less anti-social alternatives , but people choose the car anyway , because they are mildly sociopathic and for them the extra cost is n't as important as the convenience . 
  these people externalize the negative consequences onto the rest of the population , which is fundamentally unfair . 
  only significant disincentives will prevent this . 
   you 're not addressing the point , you 're just attacking examples . 
  i think i am fairly directly addressing the claim that driving is cheaper than public transport for journeys that start and end in cities . 
  i really do n't believe that it is , except perhaps in a few contrived cases . 
  if the examples ca n't hold up , then what 's left of the claim ? 
   i 've lived in amsterdam and worked in utrecht , commuted daily . 
  the cost by public transport would be around 18 $ a day . 
  nobody who commutes daily pays $ 18 to commute from amsterdam to utrecht , unless they are mentally retarded . 
  either they get the altijd vordeel abonnement ( $ 20/month for 40 % off all journeys ) or they get the annual subscription ( $ 2110 for unlimited rides between amsterdam and utrecht , which works out to about $ 9 per day ) . 
   paying extra just because you happen to live within the bounds of a city ... that 's not a realistic solution . 
  amsterdam has massive park-and-ride lots all around the edge of the city . 
  everyone inside that ring is within a 15-minute bike ride of one of these lots . 
  there is no reason for the cars to be inside there , unless someone is carrying heavy goods or has a physical impairment . 
  whatever it is , the taxes are demonstrably too low , which is clear from the number of cars on the streets . 
  i 'd propose that if you want to be allowed to drive a car within cities , and you are healthy and do n't have a specific justification ( taxi driver , doctor who makes house calls , etc. ), 
  then you should pay an additional 20 % of your income tax . 
  this keeps it fair to rich and poor , and makes people think carefully whether it 's really worth it . 
  well , at the very least you can make sure your email server uses starttls for smtp connections wherever possible . 
  that substantially reduces eavesdropping risk . 
  rich people have the political power to ensure that the government provides economic advantages to car users . 
  why the hell are n't the motorways in the netherlands toll roads ? 
  why is there free street parking anywhere ? 
  it 's absurd . 
  but the username was n't the offense . 
  i might tell him not to bother me but that 's different from laying down a ban . 
   i also like to see a level of maturity from the people that post here . 
  yes , but the standard of conduct required from the mods is higher than from regular posters . 
  that 's part of their responsiblity . 
   he got a ban for being a dick in mod-mail . 
  the mods are supposed to be the mature , calm voices of reason who guide the sub back to peaceful waters , not the volatile ones who react emotionally to provocation . 
   so you like being insulted ? 
  you are effectively saying that people should be banned for doing things we do n't like . 
  i do n't like being insulted , almost nobody does . 
  however , the difference between me and my 4-year-old child is that when he is insulted , he throws a fit ; and when i am insulted , i ignore it and move on with my life . 
  that is the level of maturity i 'd like to see from the mods . 
  i do n't think it 's asking too much . 
   cool , edgy and obscene usernames that show how far you can push `` freedom of speech '' are stupid . 
  stupid maybe , but that 's different from bannable . 
  once we say that `` stupid '' things get you banned , the sub becomes more or less impossible to use . 
  everyone 's stupid sometimes . 
  others have explained it . 
  direct income taxes are just part of the story . 
  it seems hard to believe that someone 's co-workers , family , and friends will all choose the same carrier unless there 's basically only one carrier . 
  my co-workers ' friends are different from my friends . 
  you 're talking about something different . 
  i 'm describing the termination charge that carriers charge each other when they accept a call . 
  having a bunch of people all use the same carrier does n't put any pressure on anyone to lower their termination charge . 
  quite the opposite ; it encourage the market leader to raise it . 
  this is anticompetitive . 
  in europe it 's normally handled by the regulator , who sets limits on termination charges . 
  but they will never go down on their own , so the market is always lagging behind the optimal price level , and consequently people are always overpaying . 
  i think most people in this case would stop answering the phone , particularly calls from numbers they do n't know . 
  surely the disruption of a constantly ringing phone would lead to some sort of action long before it became a financial hardship . 
  no , you always pay for calls based on the number you 're calling ; it does n't matter where the person you 're calling is currently standing . 
   yes you can have a phone contract ( here almost everyone has one , pre-paid is kinda out-dated ) . 
  i do n't know anyone here ( nl ) on a contract . 
  pre-paid is cheaper , as long as you do n't go with the own-brand prepaid offerings from the major carriers . 
  that is , t-mobile or vodafone-brand prepaid is stupid expensive . 
  but prepaid mvnos are cheaper than contracts unless your usage patterns fall into certain edge categories . 
   however , what is different is that the us is the only country that i know of where you charge someone when they call you . 
  it 's also the case in canada , hong kong , singapore , china , and under consideration elsewhere . 
  the argument for this -- and it seems to be a sound one -- is that under the european system , the bulk of call cost is imposed by the company used by the person you are calling . 
  there is therefore no market pressure for this to go down . 
  for instance , if you are on vodafone , and you dial a kpn user , you are going to pay vodafone $ 0.08 per minute . 
  but $ 0.05 of that is what kpn charges vodafone to receive the call . 
  since you are not a kpn customer , you have no way of exerting pressure on kpn to reduce that charge . 
  the consequence is that the real calling rates end up being set as informal agreements ( i.e. , anti-competitive collusion ) between the large carriers . 
  small carriers are at a disadvantage because unfortunately , while this makes sense , the us market is broken in other ways , so rates still are n't as low as they could be . 
  however , for high usage tiers , americans have pretty cheap services .
