  sure , but it 's overwhelmingly associated with single-use products . 
  just fyi , a 20-year-old fridge is probably killing you in energy costs compared to a new one . 
  `` butter ham '' -  we just call it a `` slice of bread '' ( eine schei\u00dfe brot ) . 
  nope . 
  when you are roaming within the eu , a call to any number in the eu - be it your home country , the country you 're currently visiting , or a third country - is charged at the same rate you pay for local calls while in your home country . 
  so if you are from spain and at home you have 200 free minutes and pay $ 0,10 / minute after that , when you visit portugal and make a call to france , you use minutes from your bundle of 200 and then pay $ 0,10 . 
  this is true even if when you are in spain they charge you $ 50,00 / minute to call france . 
  your friends in portugal are not going to want to call you if you have a latvian number and it costs them $ 1,50 / minute to dial your number . 
  if you have a sim card from another eu country , or norway/iceland/liechtenstein , you can use it in the netherlands at no extra charge . 
  if your sim card is from outside of europe than it does n't mean anything to you until you buy a european sim card . 
   their operator has to pay the foreign operator roaming their citizens for the data . 
  that 's how it was made possible . 
  now they pay less than before . 
  what now ? 
   the more regulation there is , the fewer companies there can be , the bigger they will be , and the more opportunity for corruption there will be . 
  this is basically the opposite of what happens . 
  absent regulation , most markets tend toward a monopoly . 
   uh i do n't think my phone is unlocked but ok . 
  call verizon , they 'll tell you it 's unlocked . 
   i pay $ 10 a day on a verizon plan for service if i use my phone over there . 
  yes , this is why it 's better to buy a sim card when you arrive . 
  if you do n't stream video/music you can probably get by on $ 10 for a month . 
  nope , they are supposed to make it so that you can use your data while roaming in the eu just like you do at home . 
  so if you pay by the mb at home , same rate in the eu . 
  if you have a bundle at home , same applies in the eu . 
  they can impose caps on cost-free roaming for customers with `` unlimited '' or very large packages (  30gb iirc ) , but the maximum per-gb charge is also regulated . 
  all ? 
  my operator just lowered their prices . 
  most dutch operators have been lowering them in the past year , and they all knew this was coming . 
  and dutch are among the most peripatetic europeans , they generated a lot of roaming revenue . 
  i do n't think so . 
  the telcos in poorer host countries are paid by the gb . 
  their marginal costs for providing the service are low . 
  free roaming means that tourists will use much more data . 
  in the net this will result in more money being transferred from rich to poor countries . 
   so what you 're saying is it 's also the end of a transfer from wealthier nations to tourist nations whose telecom companies received more charges than their customer paid abroad so what you 're saying is it 's the end of rich telecom companies being able to impose their own tourist tax on a captive market of people who have already chosen to come to their country and spend money in the local economy ? 
   the decrease of roaming income will be offset by higher domestic prices if that happens widely then we can talk . 
  until then you are guessing . 
  currently mobile providers have to pay high fees to other mobile providers when their customers roam . 
  under the eu regulations this amount is being lowered each year . 
  so the costs are going down at the same time as the revenue . 
  it was designed to be a breakeven proposition . 
  i do n't see your basis for arguing that there 's a net loss to providers . 
  maybe a settings issue in your phone ? 
  mine works in every country i 've tried , but sometimes i have to putter with the network selection . 
  this new rule in europe has nothing to do with verizon customers , only customers of eu telecom providers . 
  of course you can become such a customer by buying a sim card when you arrive here . 
  verizon iphones are unlocked so there is nothing stopping you from temporarily going eu prepaid . 
  i do n't know how much people who live there pay monthly , but when i visit the usa , i have to spent about us$ 30 for 1gb of data prepaid . 
  it 's very expensive . 
   some providers have moved to make the bundle valid within the entire eu this is generally required under the new regulations . 
   it 's preventing criminals/terrorist to have an easy anonymously conversations with eachothers . 
  no it does n't . 
  it 's a shame that people believe this shit . 
  t-mobile starts june 13 it seems . 
  `` tactically '' implies intent . 
  most people who stay home just do n't give a shit . 
  so if things had worked out just a tiny bit differently , the 100 million people you say were supporting trump , would have been supporting clinton instead ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
   look at all the shit bill clinton pulled . 
  what shit did bill clinton pull ? 
  weaselspeaking about a blow job ? 
  that 's not exactly carving away at the foundations of the republic . 
  he can barely keep track of what room he 's in at 70 . 
  at 74 he 's going to be that much further along . 
  i do n't see how he can win an election when he 's just mumbling and shaking his fist . 
  then again i did n't see how he could win this one . 
  how is the figure of 50 % in any way relevant ? 
  it does n't take 50 % of voters to change the outcome of a near 50-50 split . 
  the discussion - which you started - was about what people wanted , not about what they voted for . 
  you 're making no sense . 
  more than half of the actual voters chose clinton ; why ca n't we use your unfathomable reasoning to say that the people who stayed home were also her supporters ? 
   trump 6 ' 2 '' weight 250lb seriously ? 
  that 's tub-of-lard territory . 
  how embarrassing . 
  almost all nato members have warred against other nato members in the past century ( before nato ) . 
  i do n't know who you think i am , but i am simply correcting your unfounded assertion that the article blamed trump for brexit . 
   oh god they blamed trump . 
  ... ... . . for brexit . 
  did you read the article ? 
  they did not blame trump for brexit . 
  they blamed both trump and brexit on data analytics projects funded by behind-the-scenes donors . 
  do you have a counterexample to offer ? 
  the netherlands does n't forbid dual citizenship outright , and most of the dutch/turk dual citizens maintain their status legally . 
   preventing turkish citizens from voting is antidemocratic , regardless of the issue voted . 
  by definition . 
  they 're not prevented from voting . 
  they can vote in their nearest turkish consulate , which are in all the largest cities . 
  the german , dutch , and austrian governments simply do not want to provide their own resources and facilitation for polling stations for this referendum . 
  the act of voting is taking place in germany . 
  the people who would be voting are german citizens or residents . 
  this is clearly within german jurisdiction . 
  not all voting is democratic . 
  voting to end democracy , for example , does not further democratic principles . 
  democracy , while very important , is not necessarily the highest ideal there is . 
  many would argue that some other fundamental human rights are more important , especially when the rights being violated cause permanent harm , whereas the interruption to democracy is temporary . 
   dude , didnt you think that disallowing the votes of european turks you might actually help erdogan to win the referendum ? 
  no , because we know how turkish citizens in the netherlands vote , it 's well studied and publicized . 
  we do n't have to make up theories based on reading a reddit headline and pondering the issue for 12 seconds . 
   the german constitution does not apply to turkey .
