  something . 
  that would have been a good start . 
  my teachers knew the correct answer . 
  this person just walks around making red marks on things . 
  what the fuck did i just read ? 
  starts nowhere , says nothing , goes nowhere . 
  forwarding numbers are cheap . 
  as the article said , it was the view of the eurocrats that there 's an excessive number of operators in the eu at the moment . 
  i think they 're probably right . 
  some commenters were saying `` look , now we have this great free market with 100 companies and the eu wants to change the playing field so it settles down to 5 or 6 companies . '', 
  but really at the moment these 100 companies are not a free market at all . 
  each one has special relationships with its own regulators who try to make rules that benefit their own national providers at the expense of foreign providers . 
  there are a lot of companies that are surviving only because they are sheltered by their national government . 
  these companies are not benefiting anyone . 
  if they ca n't hack it in a unified market , then good riddance . 
  it worked for everyone for a century . 
  i still find it easier than using a phone to navigate while driving . 
  you know you can cache maps while connected via wifi , and use them without consuming any data , right ? 
  just cache the whole city you 're visiting , and presto , free mappage . 
  i think it 'll be more dutch prices going down than romanian prices going up . 
  prices for mobile calling and data here in the netherlands are far higher than anywhere else i 'm aware of . 
  neighboring countries all have much better prices . 
  the market in nl is broken , the regulator is basically a department of kpn . 
   ... what ? 
  please tell me how would that go ? 
  the technology is in a state of rapid flux at the moment . 
  once the low-hanging fruit has been plucked , changes will occur at a slower pace and it will be much easier to compete in the market . 
  at the moment solar panels are largely an emotional purchase : any panel you buy today will be so inefficient compared to the one available next year that you would have been financially better off to have waited . 
   solar power will be obsolete 2 years from now ? ... no . 
  i did n't say that , did i ? 
  i said the technology will be obsolete 2 years from now . 
   as i said this has nothing to do with green energy i agree , you 've been saying that a lot , but you have n't made a case for why the dutch government would be pushing it on this particular issue if it were n't about green energy . 
  do you have such a case to make or are you simply going to keep repeating your nonsequitur argument ? 
   this is in no way about clean energy . 
  what do you think it 's about ? 
  dutch interest in promoting chinese industrial policy ? 
   our alternatives would be to either let our own solar panel industry die out or to start a race to the bottom in a big tradewar where we pump billions in the steal , solarpanel , whatever industry . 
  sounds good to me . 
  the solar panel industry is a race to the bottom anyway . 
  once they get there , then it becomes interesting to enter . 
  in the short term , everyone 's making large investments in technology which will be obsolete two years from now . 
  might as well let the chinese spend their money on that , instead of us spending ours . 
   would you support it if the dutch government pumped millions of dutch tax money into the cheese industry because the french are able to produce cheaper cheese ? 
  not a parallel situation in my view , because i do n't see a public good in having dutch cheese instead of french cheese . 
  so you 're mad that the chinese government is subsidizing cheap , clean energy in europe ? 
  the case you cite ( if true ) is a different sort of beast . 
  before we were talking about some teenage girls who showed up under the vwp and got sent home by the front-line immigration agents . 
  in the article we are talking about someone in whom the government would already have had an active interest , leading people far from the front line to perform an `` investigation '' and flag the traveler in advance of a trip . 
   if you dont think there are processes for border guards to check people through the prism system then you are living in la la land there are not processes for a guard sitting at the booth at the airport to interact directly with systems like this . 
  if a case is escalated , it will go into the back office , and then other border agents will work on it for up to a few hours using their systems , some of which have superficial read access to other databases but not to source material . 
  if that does n't yield a resolution , the traveler will be held in detention during which time the agents may liaise with other agencies in search of more information . 
  in no case will a border agent show confidential source evidence to a traveler to justify excluding them from entry . 
  it 's absurd . 
  there 's no reason for it . 
  they 'd fight in court to prevent having to show it to a lawyer ; there is no possible way they would show it to some german kid who wanted to be an au pair . 
  1 ) the agent would n't have access to it . 
  2 ) protocols would not allow it . 
  3 ) there 's no purpose to doing it . 
   it 's quite possible that border control have access directly or via a hotline to the prism system . 
  it 's highly improbable . 
  remember that the system was presumed secret until a week ago . 
  there are thousands upon thousands of border control officers . 
  as soon as one of them runs his mouth , or shows a traveler a printout like the one described in the article , the jig would be up . 
  i 'll share that hat with you . 
  i 've seen us immigration inspectors literally take 2 hours to confirm my birthdate , and watched them scratching their heads trying to use the computer while doing so . 
  it 's well-documented that the cia uses counterpart agencies in allied countries to perform tortures . 
  surely performing some electronic surveillance is peanuts compared to that . 
  i 'd assume that it goes without saying that what you describe occurs regularly . 
   that 's great advice , if someone is planning to offer a service where `` people from the internet '' will pay the fines of those breaking the rules found in contracts of carriage . 
   i would be willing to underwrite insurance contracts . 
  for $ 10 in advance , i will be agree to pay your fine , if assessed , so long as the officer agrees you did not deliberately sabotage your case by drawing attention to your residency status . 
  if you are considering investing in my new business , you will be encouraged by the total lack of reports of anyone ever getting busted for traveling on an interrail pass as an eu citizen without proof of 6 months ' residency in hand . 
  nobody traveling with interrail carries a rental agreement , bank statement , or utility bill . 
  if they 're europeans they just have their id ( as ericdavidmorris will ) . 
  if they 're foreigners they 'll have their resident card . 
  honestly the chance of any sort of escalation for a european citizen traveling with an interrail pass is pretty close to nil . 
   traffic to these sites goes straight from the isp to servers abroad ? 
  yes . 
  twitter traffic all goes to the usa . 
  facebook has servers in some countries but not in turkey . 
  `` server breakdown '' ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  twitter and facebook are working for everyone else . 
  not elected with a majority . 
  the opposition is too fragmented to put up a good fight . 
   people hate gm crops for various superstitious reasons . 
  idiots think they 're a 60s b movie plot waiting to happen . 
  there are such people , but that 's absolutely not the only group who are concerned about gm crops . 
  i used to have the same position as you . 
  `` everything is genetically modified !, 
  farmers have been doing it for millennia !, 
  the only difference now is that scientists are able to be more precise instead of using trial-and-error over many generations of plants . '', 
  but the more i read , the more i see that i was mistaken . 
  modern gm crops ( and to some extent , traditional ones ) have nutritional gaps and other misalignments with our digestive systems . 
  if we 're lucky it just means that they 're not so useful as food . 
  if not , they may cause real harm . 
  also , the promised increases in yield and pest resistance have n't materialized , at least not in the long term . 
  instead , farmers get locked into expensive seed purchase agreements and by the time they realize it 's not working , they 're financially in over their heads . 
  it 's bad food and bad business . 
  only the shareholders of the gm seed vendors are benefiting .
