  if the purpose of the mug shots is to allow the public to recognize people involved in a crime , then it makes sense for the shot to look like the suspect normally does . 
  this is aside from the very legitimate concerns of police brutality , of course . 
   i pay eur 90 a month on that car i do n't even use for commuting , just driving to my hometown , because i am no idiot , i use the subway . 
  i did not drive it more than once in january . 
  yet i must pay it . 
  we need it to get home and later on carry the kids and the 143 things kids need that is not really possible on the railroad . 
  ( do you want to carry a playpen on a railroad ? ), 
  is it somehow logical ? 
  would n't the logical thing be to rent a car when you need one ? 
  works for us , it 's far cheaper than owning . 
   is there some website to order an eu national id card ? 
  or should i mail in an application or something ? 
  the process varies by country . 
  here in the netherlands you get them at your local city hall . 
   with the bank i will be fine with any personal bank and should open up like a deutsche bank account or something ? 
  it 's worth shopping around to get the lowest fees for atm usage and servicing the account , but i do n't think it matters too much . 
  the important thing is having a euro-denominated account and an associated chip card so you can buy things . 
   and if i understand you correctly , i would be double-taxed on investments but not income that i make in one county ? 
  the double taxation issues vary by country too ; in countries that have the exact same types of taxes as the usa , you might avoid it , but in countries that have less overlap ( and no country has perfect overlap ) your tax obligation will grow . 
  unfortunately , no matter what , if you 're working or earning money from investments you need to file the 1040 every year . 
  for many people that 's the worst of it ; you may spend many hours on that , worth several hundred dollars in time costs , even if you only owe a small amount . 
   i thought once you accepted citizenship of another country you have to give up your u.s. citizenship ? 
  if you naturalize as a us citizen , and then subsequently naturalize somewhere else , you may lose your us citizenship . 
  on the other hand , if you were born an american citizen then you 're pretty much free to take on all the additional citizenships you want . 
   what are the tax implications of working in a different schengen country ? 
  would i pay taxes to the country i 'm working in and italy ? 
  schengen has nothing to do with taxes . 
  but you pay taxes to the country you 're working in , and probably some amount to the usa as well . 
   what paperwork or identification should i be trying to get besides a passport ? 
  an eu national id card is sufficient for travel to , from , and within the eu ( not just schengen ) . 
  if you wanted , you could use that for europe and your american passport for everywhere else . 
  carrying a passport around every day is a hassle so if you 're not getting a local driver 's license then the id card is a good idea anyway . 
   is it a good idea for me to open an account with a european bank so i do n't need to worry about converting money back and fourth ? 
  if you are living in europe you are going to have a hard time functioning without a local bank account . 
   from my understanding , any money that i make in the united states can not be taxed by italy/the eu . 
  has anyone heard otherwise from similar situations ? 
  while you are living in europe , you 're probably going to have to pay taxes on assets and/or interest/capital gains you earn from investments in the us . 
  most likely , due to not-quite-overlapping tax rules , you 'll have to pay to both countries . 
  that means you have to explicitly say that you are trying to shed your us citizenship . 
  and even then it 's hard to shake . 
   did any of those groups have an alternate legal system like sharia are you serious ? 
  every group that 's arrived has had their own legal tradition and these have shaped the legal systems throughout europe . 
  you think that the laws of france bubbled up in final form from a spring in the loire valley in the year 500 bc ? 
   and primary loyalty and allegiance to the muslim global population ummah ? 
  some catholics profess primary loyalty to the pope , others do n't . 
  it goes the same with muslims . 
  some are believers first , citizens second ; others are not . 
   sharia will either be implemented in france or will not be implemented in france , that 's a tautology . 
  the question is which outcome is it going to be . 
  of course sharia will never be implemented as the primary governing law in france . 
  perhaps people will do that voluntary civil sharia thing that comes up in some places and seems to get everyone all itchy in the pants , but i think that 's a non-issue . 
   i asked about the future . 
  the future is the continuation of the past . 
  if you ask me what time the sun will rise tomorrow , i 'm going to work off what time it rose yesterday or february 8 , 2012 . 
   not if they manage to become a majority and make it their own country can you name for me one country where islam has become the plurality religion through a demographic shift of this type ? 
  throughout history , the only way it 's happened ( that i 'm aware of ) is by conversion . 
  do you see that on the horizon ? 
  all those swedes desperate for some meaning to their lives , at long last finding the balm for their tormented souls in the comforting warmth of of the mosque . 
   it does not matter how they think and live their lives as long as they do not dictate how i should think and live my own life you 're barking up the wrong tree . 
  your enemy in this case would be the idiot politically-correct european politicians who have backed themselves into an ideological corner from which they have no escape but to pass laws pandering to the whiniest among us . 
  it 's not muslim politicians legislating against insulting religion in europe , it 's white-skinned , christian-descended ninnies . 
   coexisting does n't mean bending over backwards not to offend them though . 
  i agree with that . 
  i would say that whether or not someone is going to be offended is pretty much never a valid basis for any decision more momentous than how to behave at a dinner party . 
  if someone is offended by behavior that had no hostile or aggresive intent , it 's 100 % the fault of the offended person . 
  mainly what i already said in my first post , above . 
  first question : 1 . 
  throughout the ages , europe has seen migration from different places . 
  those people have brought different ideas and ways of life with them . 
  some ideas have remained , others have faded away . 
  europe is still europe . 
  or at least , it is currently europe as we understand it . 
  second question : 1 . 
  the best way to be prepared for an external change is moderated exposure . 
  evicting the muslims from europe would decrease the level of exposure to islamic culture and ideas . 
  that would leave europeans unprepared for them . 
  sooner or later , you are not going to be able to ignore 1 + billion people . 
  if unprepared , that 's going to be a harsh reality . 
  if prepared , though exposure , on the most comfortable terms -- that is , in our own countries , where we make the laws and have the social and political upper hand -- then we 're as ready as we could be . 
  if you 're uncomfortable with the basic fact that other people exist who live and think differently from you , none of this is going to be a comfort . 
  but if you 're willing to accept the reality of heterogenous human culture , then this is a comfort . 
  sure , there 'll be rough patches along the road . 
  but it 's better than hiding in the forest pretending there 's nobody else out there . 
  i should think the exact opposite : no , not a threat . 
  yes , europe will survive -- unless we bury our heads in the sand and chase all the foreigners away with pitchforks . 
  this is not the first time that europe has seen migrations that brought different ideas with them . 
  in the big picture , of course muslim immigration will have some impact , but i do n't see it as the apocalypse that some do . 
  also , what hope does european civilization have if it ca n't hold its own on its home turf without having to rig the game ? 
  better for europeans to learn how to adapt and coexist with islam , since it 's not going anywhere anytime soon . 
  building a wall and keeping all the muslims out just means that one day when the wall is breached , europeans will be completely unprepared . 
   the idea that us-influenced institutions should be allowed to carry on controlling the internet is what exactly ? 
  better than the proposed alternative is what it is . 
  there is no value in being dogmatically anti-us just for the sake of it . 
  it 's important to look at the big picture . 
   un controlling the internet does not mean that talibans would be allowed to make policy decisions . 
  it effectively does . 
  the un operates by one nation , one vote . 
  and when you do the numbers , counting the nations that are either ( a ) routinely censorious , or ( b ) in the pocket of a telecom monopoly , you get enough to railroad through most anything . 
  fortunately , this will be ignored by the wealthier , freer countries that effectively run the internet anyway , so it wo n't matter much to them . 
  but it could be bad news for people in countries where access to information is already on shaky ground .
