singapore has it . 
   $ 2.1 million poles live abroad , which is about 5 % of the population . 
  in other words , the entire polish population is $ 33m . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'd have just as many downvotes without the usa flair . 
  huh ? 
  development aid is money given to a developing country . 
  they could probably do quite a lot if siri or other voice assistant worked with the screen off . 
  i have n't ever tried using the voice stuff so i 'm not sure whether it does . 
  i have a motorola android phone from 2011 with an old sim card in it . 
  some important contacts still have the number so i keep it charged up . 
  wifi and data are off , it 's in 2g mode , and i 've cleaned off all the applications i could . 
  i use it for occasional calls and texts , just like my nokia of similar vintage to yours back in the day . 
  this fancy touch-screen android smartphone lasts almost two weeks on a charge . 
  battery life is all about the things we do with the phone , not about the manufacturers somehow failing to keep up with amazing old-school battery science . 
  the massive power-hungry screen is a huge feature , it makes it possible to use the phone for so many things . 
  i think you 're just complaining because you like to complain . 
  now try it on a sunday . 
  it 's like driving from a post-zombie-apocalypse world into one where there are still humans and active civilization . 
  i hope the times keeps reporting on which articles are being censored . 
  every little bit helps keep the streissand effect in effect . 
  it 's not so off-putting for politicians from china and kazakhstan , who regularly make such demands themselves . 
  but for norwegian politicians , it can be quite damaging to have a reputation like this , so they see it differently . 
  evidently he does have a say in the matter , as determined by the law which holds jurisdiction over the situation . 
   this is literally 1 couple taking ( persuading ) a child from some other family without their consent . 
  the kid is 17 , not 2 . 
  at this point i 'm more interested in his viewpoint on the matter than his parents ' . 
  we should be proud !, 
  i think it 's more that the swedish chef character draws on classical swedish speech , while contemporary swedish has been so influenced by german and english that it no longer carries those tones . 
  so basically bar and pub owners have convinced the government to regulate in their favor , to everyone else 's detriment . 
  singapore was a british colony but it never separated from the empire as an independent entity . 
  if you think singapore should be listed , then why not bangladesh ? 
  singapore was part of malaysia , and became a separate country after things did n't work out with that . 
   singapore should be there though . 
  singapore separated from malaysia , not from the uk . 
  mainly i avoid food from china . 
  i would never choose a european tv over an asian one , solely because it was european . 
  it would have to be the better tv . 
  wine you buy for the taste . 
  there are reasons to buy wines from spain and reasons to buy wines from california . 
  ukranian jihadis , coming right up . 
   but if jihadis want to leave europe and never come back , passport or not , i do n't really have a problem with that . 
  well , some of them go on to do awful things elsewhere , which is n't nice either . 
  it would be better if there could be some sort of intervention to bring them to their senses . 
   but i have n't met many people who said that they did n't like italian food . 
  among european food it 's one of the best , but that still puts it behind almost all of the rest of the world . 
  in english : `` it is better to remain silent and be thought a fool , than to speak and remove all doubt . '', 
  and i think it 's fairly wise . 
  netherlands : in general , every adult has to buy health insurance from one of the private insurers . 
  the government mandates a certain level of coverage for the basic premium ( something around $ 100/month ) , and insurance companies can offer additional packages with higher prices and more features ( dental , travel , etc. ) . 
  up to age 18 you get free coverage . 
  if your income is below a certain level you also get subsidized coverage ( not totally sure of the arrangements here ) . 
  additionally , there is a highly regressive tax of 31 % on the first $ 33k of annual income which goes into a fund to help pay for insuring the children , poor , and dealing with chronically-ill people who are too expensive for the insurance companies to handle on their own . 
  unless someone has demonstrated that all vacuum cleaners are designed with equal efficiency , leaving the wattage of the motor as the only variable factor , i do n't think that tells us very much about the real world situation . 
  wattage is different from suction . 
  in the same way as a 15w led bulb is twice as bright as a 30w incandescent bulb , a efficiently-designed vacuum can do more with less power . 
   the move angered manufacturers , who say it will do nothing to make cleaners more environmentally friendly and will simply reduce efficiency in the home . 
  and yet top labels like bosch and electrolux have explicitly said they are happy with the changes . 
  i have a broom that uses considerably less than that . 
  the neighbors also seem to prefer it . 
  the new leds are much better . 
  you can get them very cheap at ikea . 
   or use the electricity to do something else dammit , i managed to vacuum the entire house for only 0.5 kilowatt hours , now i have all this extra electricity on my hands , what a nuisance . 
  oh well , guess i 'll just prop the refrigerator open for the rest of the morning . 
  people buy vacuum cleaners what , every ten years ? 
  how are you possibly going to effectively educate the public about the nuances of selecting one ? 
  no matter how good translation programs are ( unless they are built , straight into our brains , which is not happening `` in the next 10-20 years '' ) , they are not as good as knowing the language ourselves . 
  what they do is reduce the barriers to interacting with people who speak other languages . 
  in so doing , they increase our exposure , which helps us learn . 
  it increases our access to cultural content in other languages and our comfort level . 
  `` small '' languages survive for one of two reasons : ( a ) a concerted effort , usually led by nationalists or older people , which imposes restrictions or incentives on younger people . 
  easy access to translation undercuts those . 
  ( b ) isolation , geographic or otherwise , which lessens the incentive and opportunity to interact with people who speak adjacent `` large '' languages . 
  same deal . 
  ultimately , if there 's any effect at all , people will spend more time around other languages and will have more opportunity to be influenced by them . 
   i think perfect ai translators will make such problems go away in the next 10-20 years anyway , and then there will be 1000s of languages in eu alone ( because people would be able to understand each other anyway so no pressure to unify languages even in one country - without the translators after a few decades people living in countryside wo n't understand city dwellers 20 km away ) . 
  if anything , the opposite will happen . 
  these translators will accelerate the merging of languages into regional variants of english . 
  language fragmentation is a result of isolation , not of easy ability to understand other languages . 
  it 's not very important , i suppose , but to my mind there 's a difference . 
  a knife may look dangerous or threatening even if i find it beautiful . 
  or it can look innocuous but ugly . 
  or other combinations . 
  they are two different axes of evaluation . 
  sure there is subjectivity involved in both , but the former is primarily a reaction to the visually accessible implications of suitability for function . 
   but does it ? 
  are there significant numbers of people who are so bothered by its supposed instability ? 
  i really have no idea . 
  a few people expressed such feelings on this page . 
  but i do n't think it 's entirely the same as an aesthetic judgment . 
  by far the worst part of montparnasse tower is the clusterfuck at ground level , that huge expanse of useless pavement with cars circling noisily around , instead of a nice public space . 
  that 's not really the point . 
  if it creates unease in the people who see it , that 's a real thing which must be taken into account . 
  sometimes it 's part of the goal , but most often it is not . 
  you ca n't just walk around the city waving structural diagrams and lecturing people about how they are fools to be uncomfortable with it . 
   there 's definitely places in europe that have a strong anti american sentiment . 
  for example , i once met an american that was working as an english teacher in a town in poland and she claimed that the people there were quite unfriendly to her because she was an american . 
  this does n't mean that there actually was a strong anti-american sentiment or that people were unfriendly to her for that reason . 
  it only means that she perceived people to be unfriendly and ascribed it to this cause . 
  yeah , but we like them a lot , since we 're constantly being fed reasons not to like anyone else . 
  compare how much british people like americans ( not the usa government ) to how much they like french people or whatever , and you 'll see that they do not single out americans for opprobrium .
