  yes but if you live in belgium , your friends will still have to pay international charges to call you . 
  yeah but they 're often quite roundabout . 
  i lived in noe valley and worked in the presidio ; the only way to do it without going all the way down through downtown ( or dealing with van ness traffic ) was to pump my way up through the richmond and over the mountains . 
  tl ; dr : noctarchy , the top-ranking remaining mod of \\ / r/netherlands , who does n't participate and has little connection to the community , mod de-modded the other two mods over some dumb issue . 
  he was criticized for it , and responded first by making the sub private , then later opening it back up with a new mod team consisting of a number of kids who treat the whole thing as a joke . 
  simultaneously noctarchy bragged on twitter about how he ruined \\ / r/netherlands . 
  i understand the flow of your retro-etymological argument , but we 're speaking english here , and the meanings have already been assigned . 
  hydro power is harnessing the energy of moving water . 
  could be an old-fashioned windmill for grinding wheat . 
  hydroelectric power is using this to generate electricity . 
  hydraulics , on the other hand , is the use of liquid under pressure to transmit or manipulate energy . 
  it 's an entirely different thing . 
  everyone has moved to / r/thenetherlands . 
  i propose changing the link in the / r/europe sidebar accordingly . 
  i doubt noctarchy is going to grow up any time soon . 
  normally called `` hydroelectric power '' . 
  was expecting photo of brussels sprouts . 
  ah , you 're talking to someone who used to cycle all the way across san francisco to work every morning and then all the way back each night . 
  i wager it 's well hillier than most cities in the uk , and sf is thick with cyclists . 
  as mentioned in the article , the type of pollution being experienced is not the type that causes visible smog , but the micro particulate which is hard to see but which is extremely bad for health . 
  the photo accompanying the article was a red herring . 
  the emissions from a given vehicle are more or less a linear product of the amount of fuel consumed . 
  so yeah , bad gas mileage means more fuel which means more emissions . 
  i bike often in paris . 
  it 's not like amsterdam but it 's really pretty decent . 
  drivers are quite reasonable with cyclists . 
  the worst part for me is the pollution seems a lot worse in paris , so my eyes get sore and i have black snot after an hour or so . 
  i can ride around amsterdam all day long without that happening . 
   this has happened in other cities ( athens , for one ) , and it essentially made things worse for the poorer people in the city , as the wealthy just bought two cars so they 'd be able to drive either day . 
  are you allowed to choose your own plate number ? 
  is n't there a chance that you 'd have to buy three or more cars in order to have one odd and one even ? 
   10 % hydraulic  hydroelectric perhaps ? 
  what are those numbers supposed to tell us ? 
  fatalities per resident ? 
  per km traveled ? 
  per cyclist ? 
   that also assumes you never leave the city . 
  leaving the city absolutely requires a car due to the vast distances . 
  for instance , my friend lives in chicago , that is the nearest big city to me . 
  but it 's still 180 miles ( 290 km ) away from me , and this is considered very close . 
  you can imagine what it 's like if you need to go somewhere far . 
  180 miles is n't `` considered very close '' by most normal people . 
  also , you can rent a car or use car share for those occasions . 
  it 's way cheaper than owning one . 
  i doubt that . 
  i 've lived in every different kind of place in the usa , without ever having a car there . 
  i agree that there are certain commutes that are unreasonable without a car . 
  but a great many people think it 's the case for them when it is n't . 
  why ? 
  the narrow streets ? 
  in the netherlands the bike paths came from car lanes and on-street parking . 
  they have those in the uk too . 
   san fransico is hilly as fuck and was quite safe biking there , altough they have stupid helmet laws over there . 
  the helmet law is only through age 17 . 
  after that you can ride normally with no helmet . 
  the diversity of turnstile hoppers is quite amusing . 
  everyone from shaggy people in rags , to fancy-dressed sirs just short of a top hat and monocle . 
  if we can deduct them from our taxes here , then my accountant is doing a horrible job !, 
   if i 'd have kids ( i do n't , but i want to eventually ) i 'd have to register them for a primary school before the child is born . 
  we were told it 's not possible until the child is 2 years old . 
  the amount we get for having kids in the netherlands is lower than the tax break people get for having them in almost any other country . 
  kinderbijslag is a scam !, 
  i notice that many portuguese cities had overall high satisfaction but they really stuck out in how much people chose `` somewhat '' satisfied rather than `` strongly '' . 
  i just had a lovely visit to lisbon and was struck by how mellow everyone was . 
  drivers , pedestrians , shopkeepers , everyone was just very chill . 
  perhaps that same attitude showed through in how they respond to surveys . 
  and this right in the middle of a discussion about a french company helping them transfer them to the east ... do you think sncf is also a german company ? 
  i did n't mean to sound defensive , i just thought it was interesting that the brain seemed to work like that . 
  i assume he means relative to self-immolation . 
  it 's not as if every third person in frankfurt is in a cherokee-speaking garden club . 
  you know , i am pretty familiar with uk slang , american slang , and australian slang , having lived in all three countries . 
  but one thing that 's actually quite difficult is trying to guess which terms someone in a given country would n't know . 
  it 's easy to incorporate them all into a mental dictionary but it seems hard to retain a list of local exceptions . 
  i use offline maps pretty much all the time because i do n't want to pay unnecessarily for data . 
  so to my mind they are n't temporary or inappropriate . 
  the sense of clutch that i used is fairly common sporting parlance in the usa . 
  yes , did you see the definition i quoted and linked to ? 
  `` crutch '' means something you rely on when you are incapacitated , whereas `` clutch '' means something that you can count on in a pinch . 
  for what i was trying to say , the latter was the closer meaning . 
   slashdot manage [ s ] to get an audiance slashdot has an audience mainly because it preceeded reddit by many years . 
  if it appeared today , i doubt it would have any at all . 
  it 's been steadily losing users , and now they 're about to digg 4.0 it with a redesign that the user community hates but which management seems irrevocably committed to , so it 'll be gone soon enough . 
   what reddit lacks are default subs with quality content . 
  this is true . 
  but there 's a lot of gold if you know where to look . 
  the default subs are least-common-denominator enough to draw a lot of casual users in , and then eventually they find their way to the good stuff . 
   europe needs to embrace market capitalism europe is the birthplace of market capitalism . 
   it 's interesting that all of the major social networks are american i think that 's because it 's the largest group of rich people who speak the same language . 
  no better way to build up a critical mass online . 
  if you are successful , then you will find yourself swamped with americans anyway . 
  it 's not like they did n't use skype , icq , etc. 
  the only ways to stop that would be to somehow prevent the discussion of topics of interest to americans , which seems like an awful and near-impossible idea , or to block them by ip address , which seems petulant and of course will result in the loss of perspective from european expats in north america , who would ordinarily be particularly interested in such a forum . 
  so instead of 20 million americans and 2 million europeans , it 'll have 17 americans and 185 europeans . 
  overall i 'm not sure that 's a win . 
   clutch ? 
  http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/clutch ( see definition 17 )  dependable in crucial situations good ol' english , eh ? 
  20 words for everything and 20 definitions for every word . 
  here in the netherlands pre-paid sims actually have cheaper data than contracts . 
  independent hotels often do , but many chain hotels still have wifi charges . 
  nope , the netherlands has the most expensive mobile service in the eu .
