  we 'd love to pay germany 's merely evil rates . 
  no , your home carrier adds the overwhelming bulk of those fees . 
  a very small amount of what you pay for roaming goes to the local carrier , especially outside of the strictly-regulated eu regime . 
  unless you are a billionnaire , offline maps are clutch for the time between arriving in a country and buying a local sim card . 
  it just takes a few seconds in the google maps app before you leave home . 
  tinker with your default subs - i barely saw anything about the superbowl in my feed . 
  what would be the advantage ? 
  what is specific about europe that does n't work with the current reddit platform ? 
  1 ) trust me , you can go into those areas , do n't believe the hype . 
  2 ) you would never live in a city unless you felt comfortable on every single street ? 
  that seems like an odd requirement . 
   bad service , yes , to an extent , but i think part of that is attributable to no or low tipping . 
  if you need something , you just gets the attention of the waitstaff . 
  that 's * good * service . 
  in the usa they pester you constantly , i hate it . 
  `` ah , i see you 've just sipped the top 1cm of your water , let me interrupt your conversation and lean over the table and pour some more in there . 
  is there anything else i can get you ? '', 
  `` yes , you can get us some peace and quiet . 
  go away . '', 
   london or paris ... dangerous you are confused . 
  italy gives a really bad impression on a sunday . 
  if that 's the only day you saw it , it 's definitely worth coming back and trying again . 
  they 're better at that than anyone else in the world , in my experience . 
   does n't change anything about free trade of course it does ; there are two parties involved here . 
  if switzerland cuts off movement of people , then the eu can decide whether or not it wants to renegotiate something that still includes movement of goods . 
  so because the chinese are good at building stuff , that 's a reason for the russians to be bad at it ? 
  they should run the whole olympics that way . 
  `` well , sure , the brazilians won all the football games , but they 're good at sports , so that 's nothing special . 
  let 's give the medal to the indian team . '', 
  the story that is being told , i think , is that we were told everything was complete , but that is only true from a distance . 
  when you look closely , you can see that the detailed work was lacking . 
  this is consistent with the two sets of photos . 
  you have shown photos taken from a distance that show buildings which appear to be standing and roads that appear to be solid . 
  and the journalists have looked more closely and found that many details were in fact incomplete . 
  as anyone involved in a major project knows , it 's the details which take most of the time and effort , so the fact that the rough structures are in place is not in itself indicative of a successful outcome . 
  you ( or your russian friends ) seem confused about how public relations works . 
  wow , china sure got a lot more for its $ 36 billion than russie for its $ 51 billion -- at least they had some striking landmark buildings for the venue . 
  these photos show a bunch of bog-standard developing-country architecture , a lot of folding chairs in a cafeteria which may or may not serve food and potable water , and , wow , a parking lot . 
  as part of a calculated effort to let americans think russia is corrupt and inept ? 
  a lot of these tweets have come from bbc people . 
  how does this help your argument ? 
  during the communist period , the soviets pulled off an excellent olympics . 
  and now after communism , they are apparently making a shambles of it . 
  i seem to recall reading somewhere that vilnius was the murder capital of europe . 
  true ? 
   if diplomacy is another way of doing war that 's a big `` if '' . 
  embassies are used for a lot more than negotiating to avoid conflict . 
  they 're used as conduits for various communications between governments , for information gathering , and through the consular departments , they facilitate relations with foreign and domestic prsons and companies . 
  i think the right to offend is actually one of the most important preconditions for a working democracy . 
  if you ca n't say things that upset others , then there are swathes of the status quo which ca n't effectively be challenged . 
  many things that offend are just stupid verbal aggression . 
  but it 's very difficult to exclude that without also excluding valuable iconoclasm . 
  and ultimately , part of being an adult is being able to hear someone say something you do n't like , without having a fit about it . 
  sounds to me like they organized a lot of flights to sochi and are now having trouble filling them , so this is a potentially helpful bit of publicity for them . 
   for instance there is no way how you can tell in latvian `` i am excited '' , but english language has only `` happy '' which applies to many different situations , whereas latvian has happy as in joy/joyful/happy / mildly-excited ( priec\u012bgs ) and has the super-happy-about-everything-in-your-life-is-perfect ( laim\u012bgs ) . 
  maybe the problem is your limited english vocabulary ? 
  there are several words in english which approximate that meaning , e.g. , elated , euphoric , ecstatic , jubilant , etc. 
  i have n't lived in the usa for some time so i am not up on the latest health insurance costs . 
  i 'm sure it 's substantially more than you pay , however . 
  there 's serious pollution from traffic on the busy roads that go through the city . 
  it 's a health problem , especially for children and the elderly . 
  many areas actually are quite congested for bike traffic . 
  mostly , for me , though , i really enjoy the streets where traffic has been removed and replaced with parks and plazas . 
  i see no benefit from having cars all over the city , and would much rather have the 20 % of the city 's area that 's currently devoted to them , instead turned over to the public for peaceable enjoyment . 
   i have heard of the high prices you pay in the us . 
  i was quite surprised actually , stack em high sell em cheap i heard ? 
  or was that just wallmart ? 
  most stuff is cheap in the us , typically cheaper than almost anywhere else . 
  there are a few sectors where regulatory failure has resulted in broken competition , such as health care and broadband . 
  in these cases prices can be very high . 
  and of course all that profit makes it easy for the vendors to pay the government to keep things broken , since the us has a system where people and companies are allowed to buy laws from elected representatives , legally . 
  netherlands : at a minimum in most cases you can choose the cable company ( upc or ziggo in most places ) or a handful of adsl operators who lease the lines from the incumbent land-line telephony provider kpn . 
  in many places there 's also fiber-to-the-home , and in this case you can choose from a number of isps that offer service using the fiber . 
  sample monthly prices for triple-play packages with internet , tv , and phone : cable : upc 120/6 , $ 50 adsl : telfort 30/3 , $ 36 fiber : wisper 600/600 , $ 50, 
  amsterdam would still be much better if all cars were banned . 
  they 're slowly making some improvements - closing the roads around the leidseplein and centraal station - but that will take years and it 's only a drop in the bucket really . 
  a little depressing that i found them all substantially nicer than the actual ones in use . 
  i find your comments insulting to spain . 
  all of these distinctions are artificial . 
  hungary is on the asian landmass , so we could say it 's not in europe at all . 
  better ? 
   if you invest a large amount of money in a foreign property it 's absolutely essential to know the law that is an impossible and wholly unrealistic requirement . 
  people spend years in law school to learn this stuff , and the language is native for them . 
   most european countries have a higher number of visa-free travels than a us passport , anyway . 
  that 's not true . 
  [ the us passport is tied for second place ( finland , uk , and sweden are tied for first ) ] ( https://www.henleyglobal.com/fileadmin/pdfs/visarestrictions/global%20ranking%20-%20visa%20restriction%20index%202013-08.pdf ) . 
  carry them all ... you never know where you might want to go . 
  each one is useful in certain circumstances . 
   the innovators who think of new ideas are willing to labor for the state or for private employers for less than a million euros per year . 
  they are , and in general i agree with your response to this article , but in this era of easy mobility , it 's not farfetched to imagine that some share of these people might be lured elsewhere , so they continue to think and innovate but in a more lucrative environment . 
  one of your links was a fun-facts page which was pretty much completely wrong on all the other points , leading me to grant little credence to the statement about fruit exports . 
  and in any case it did n't support what you said ( number one fruit and vegetable exporter in asia ) . 
  the other one said that north korea was importing an increasing amount of fruit . 
  between the two of those , i do n't see how i 'm supposed to be any closer to believing what you said . 
   allow me to respond the same way i did on the other comment . 
  you , know , with links and actual data , instead of lazy pseudo-wittiness . 
  you 're calling an auto-generated spam site `` actual data '' ? 
  abc-of-skiing is listing , for $ 0 , a ski holiday in a tropical pacific coastal state where the average daily high temperature in the coldest month of the year is 27c ( 80f ) and where a somewhat popular recreational sport for tourists is ... water skiing . 
   here 's food for thought , maybe costa rica is selling their ski resort equipment because their ski resorts are n't that much in demand ? 
  here 's food for thought , maybe you 're an idiot .
