  in any case i usually ca n't tell the difference , but when i can , i prefer uht because it does n't have that `` burned '' taste that i sometimes get from fresh milk . 
  i 'd rather be able to buy 20 liters of it when it 's on special for $ 0,50 and keep it all in the pantry for a few months , instead of having to monitor the household milk inventory level and pick up more at the shop twice a week , then worrying about how many other errands i can perform on a sunny day before it starts to go bad . 
  uht just seems like a huge win in every way . 
  i agree . 
  in this case it seems like the appropriate action for the judge would be to send the plaintiff to counseling to deal with his personality issues . 
  acts like an asshole and then lashes out when called on it ? 
  that 's the antisocial behavior here . 
   you want a situation where a german carrier pays the same to put a call through french infrastructure as a french carrier , and passes on those costs to their german customers without excessive extra price gouging . 
  the first half of that is already in place . 
  everyone can terminate calls everywhere ( at least in europe and other developed countries , with a handful of exceptions like uae ) for next to nothing . 
  it 's the markup part -- pure profit for the home operator -- that needs fixing . 
  and the best way to fix it , as nellie kroes has already identified , is by opening it up to competition . 
  let people choose their roaming provider separately from their home service . 
  that 's because the eu is already regulating the maximum price you can be charged while abroad ( elsewhere in europe ) . 
  they do n't regulate the maximum price your carrier can charge you while you are at home . 
  does that ever work for you ? 
  the only way i can get it to work is to open up the map while connected in wifi and then wander out of wifi range . 
  if i cache a map and then try to start google maps cold without a data connection , it never loads the tiles . 
  if the roaming situation is different between versus within carriers , then that provides a huge barrier for small carriers , and will eventually result in massive consolidation of the entire eu market into a very small number of carriers . 
  that 's not good for anyone ( except those carriers ' shareholders ) . 
  good regulation will ensure that competition persists , and that will mean providing wholesale access to competing carriers for roaming purposes . 
  i did n't actually look at that chart . 
  i was too excited about the cookie i have coming . 
  well , it 's in the top half , and when you remove the ones where english is an official language ( uk , ireland , malta , etc ) then my sentence is unambiguously technically correct . 
  cookie please . 
  greece is among the eu countries with the highest fluency in english , and spanish among those with the lowest . 
  not sure they have much in common on that score . 
  i would have thought it 's really , really early . 
  i do find it odd how early restaurants close in the netherlands . 
  by the time i 'd start to call it dinnertime ( 9pm or so ) half of them have shut their doors . 
   have you read the geneva conventions ? 
  yes , and i have worked in many refugee camps around the world , and had an annoying 3-hour conference call with the unhcr on monday . 
  you are confusing refugees with asylum seekers . 
  asylum seekers may go anywhere that will take them . 
  the trick is getting to the gates . 
  i think holy_maccaroni was confusing refugees with asylum seekers . 
  definitely the best way to find out how many muslims there are in a country is to walk around in touristy areas of the capital , and then later try to recall how many arabs you thought you saw . 
  what 's the downside of nato ? 
  why would european countries want to spend vastly more money on defense and have less cooperation with allies across the atlantic ? 
  it seems senseless to abandon it . 
  nonsense , have you seen one of these devices ? 
  my french home has one in each room . 
  they have huge flywheels kept spinning at a constant 3600rpm , a number of very bright lights , an air compressor which periodically releases a burst of pressurized air into the room , a 250-watt longwave transmitter , and a tiny heating element around the back . 
   actually most dangerous to yourself ( you are much more likely to get seriously injured or killed if you carry a gun ) . 
  americans even accept that . 
  no they do n't . 
  almost nobody is actually aware of these statistics , or at least takes them seriously . 
  they genuinely think that guns make them safe . 
  either you 're trying to make a point by joking ( and i have to say it 's not working ) , or you 're one of the idiots who has devalued the term `` antisemitic '' to the point where it 's become meaningless . 
  i believe this may be special to france , where the identification law is quite lax in terms of providing alternatives . 
  `` personal safety '' includes the risk of being swallowed up in a spontaneous volcanic eruption on the way to the shops . 
  auckland is by far one of the dullest cities there is . 
  that 's a problem with many in the top of the mercer quality-of-life list ( linked here for people who do n't like the spammy link that op posted : http://www.mercer.com/qualityoflivingpr ), 
  i never did . 
  it 's horrible . 
  it 's uncivilized . 
  it 's a disaster for spontaneous cooks and people with small kids . 
  you do n't know how happy i am that you can buy groceries pretty much everywhere in the netherlands on sundays now . 
  arabic numbers have different cutoffs . 
  their number 14 , for example , covers a range of from about 12.8 to 13.4 in the western system . 
  i thought everyone knew that . 
   similarly , i was in syria a couple of months before the revolution , and i do n't think i 've ever been in a country that felt more safe than syria . 
  even pickpockets were hardly heard of . 
  but how do you take that into account in these safety statistics ? 
  the local population would n't have felt safe because of the secret service . 
  syria has historically been an incredibly safe country in terms of crime . 
  so that should n't surprise you . 
  the kind of unsafe that some people feel due to the mukhabarat is a totally different phenomenon . 
  for the most part , depending on your economic/ethnic/family situation , you can elect to be on their good side if you so choose , so it 's not like muggings or something . 
  you just sell your soul a little and then you 're fine . 
  hm , the church is so-so but i think the view is fantastic . 
   mykonos is a place which has unfortunately succumbed to the world of westernisation you 're saying that an island in greece , the cradle of western civilization , has succumbed to westernization ? 
  horrors !, 
  the louvre is an * art * museum . 
  how does that compare to the dinosaurs ? 
  they 're completely different things . 
  it 's like saying , `` well yeah , i did n't like seeing the view from the top of mount everest because i 'd already been to a restaurant in berlin that serves the best schnitzel in the world . '', 
   the countries i would really like to see are the u.k , netherlands , germany , and sweden . 
  as far as transit goes between these countries , i would take the train right ? 
  how strict is border security between countries ? 
  i ask because i smoke marijuana - can i bring it with me cross country ? 
  bad idea . 
  there are spot checks on the trains from time to time and as a foreign tourist you wo n't have any idea when they are coming . 
  also , between the uk and the mainland you go through normal border controls like you would from , say , canada to the usa . 
  being proud of your achievements , of the achievements of people you support and associate with , that makes sense . 
  being proud of the achievements of dead people or people you 've never met ? 
  that makes no sense to me . 
  you can respect , appreciate , and admire those achievements , but be proud ? 
  how ? 
  why ? 
  i do n't see why . 
  i 'm extremely unpatriotic but also very much interested in contributing to society . 
  i just do n't see why my sympathies should be markedly different on one side of a temporary invisible line from how they are on the other side . 
   in the uk , day to day , we use both systems in parallel . 
  if i go and buy some cheese , i can buy it in grams or ounces . 
  what will happen if you ask for `` 4 ounces and 35 grams of cheese , please '' ? 
  and you see zoll for tv screens a lot . 
  at least i do . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  nowhere else but china have i actually missed a traffic light on a bicycle because there was n't enough time for all the bikes ahead of me to get through .
