  and if it is n't this lucky , it will lose access to the common market which will flush the economy down the toilet . 
  no , that 's kind of the point . 
  they should have thought of that before starting this whole thing . 
  because there 's really no viable way to do that . 
  at this point there are three options that do n't turn the uk into ukraine : 1 ) postpone leaving indefinitely , or find a legal deus ex machina that makes it impossible while saving face for everyone 2 ) get a bad deal and be poor but self-righteous 3 ) get a `` good '' deal , which will still end up being worse than the prior status quo, 
  well , given the likely outcome , that question really does n't address reality . 
  now we know that the question should have been : `` do you want to lose the right to vote on eu policy matters , and stop receiving money from the eu , but still have to pay as much into the eu , have all the eu immigrants and be bound by all the same eu rules as before ? '', 
  but switzerland and norway are bound by all the rules , costs , and restrictions that uk leave voters wanted to be free of , without any of the right to participate in decision-making . 
  so in this case voters would have been choosing basically the opposite of what they thought they were . 
  and i 'm pretty sure that 's what the outcome will be , anyway . 
  i 'd be surprised if there 's still a british pound in 20 years . 
  either outcome , subsequent referenda are as legitimate as the first imho . 
  but this just shows why referenda are a stupid way of making most decisions , especially if they only require 50 % to win . 
  so if a referendum were held tomorrow and had a different outcome , what would you think of that ? 
  and given that public opinion appears to have shifted , why should n't there be another referendum ? 
  and another ? 
  and another ? 
  why is a referendum once a great tool of democracy , but any more of them is a travesty of justice ? 
  not 80 % or something . 
  it was a slim majority in almost all places that went leave . 
  that means , as i said , a lot of people who preferred remain . 
  there is no popular decision to make . 
  the brexit vote was close . 
  constituents will be unhappy either way . 
  but large places like london have more mps . 
  and now we know why !, 
  i always thought it was because public transportation was bad in italy , but really it 's so twenty-somethings have a place to fuck . 
  did n't you also cost your parents money before you were 19 ? 
  did they present you with a detailed invoice including all diapers , baby food , bso fees , etc ? 
  are they able to pass btw/vat through to you or do they have to reclaim it ? 
  it should not be allowed to park cars on streets that are not wide enough to safely accommodate it . 
   irrelevant . 
  it 's not irrelevant . 
  if you are cycling past the occasional parked car on a long ride in light traffic , it 's quite different from cycling past an unbroken wall of parked cars your entire route ( aside from intersections ) in dense , hectic traffic . 
   so basically everyone rides bikes ? 
  i forgot to answer this part of your question . 
  owning a car is not unusual in the netherlands , though in the biggest cities ( amsterdam , utrecht , rotterdam , etc. ), 
  it 's a little less common . 
  i 'd say about half our neighbors own one . 
  in the farther-flung suburbs and countryside almost all households do . 
  but every single person i know has a bike . 
  at our kids ' school , zero parents drop their kids off by car , they all walk or bike . 
  when i go out with friends for a night on the town , 9 out of 10 times every single person is on a bike , occasionally someone comes by uber or tram . 
  people use cars for big shopping trips , for vacations , and if their commute is not efficient by public transport and too far to cycle , they use them to drive to work . 
  still , you might be surprised to see all the people arriving at bank headquarters buildings on bikes , men in suits and women in skirts and heels . 
  it 's a completely normal way to get around , for all sectors of society . 
  one huge difference i 've seen compared to the us is that there 's no cycling identity . 
  in the us , someone is `` a cyclist '' and they often wear special cycling clothes and talk about their bikes all the time and read bike magazines and hang out with other self-identified cyclists . 
  in a dutch city , your grandmother and your schoolteacher and your real estate agent and your doctor are all at least part-time cyclists ; there 's no subculture identity . 
  there is no place where cars pay their fair share . 
  motoring is universally heavily subsidized . 
  the us has many times more space in the cities than the much denser netherlands . 
  if nothing else , there 's plenty of space available by narrowing the us 's dangerously wide traffic lanes . 
  leave 50cm of space . 
  there is no time to be adjusting your focus to the tiny mirrors of every car , compensating for the different angles , and still pay reasonable attention to the road ahead . 
  it 's silly . 
  i do n't find biking in the city stressful . 
  perhaps it 's different if you 've been doing it your entire life . 
  it saves time and it 's a nice feeling to ride around . 
  sometimes i enjoy walking instead but that 's mainly if i feel like listening to music . 
  it might depend on how long you have been driving . 
  the `` reach '' is currently taught at driving school and part of the testing factors . 
  this may not have always been the case . 
  ( amsterdam resident ) i ride a bike because it 's basically free ( $ 50 a year or so in maintenance , no other costs ) , it 's easy to stop anywhere and find parking , it 's much faster than driving , it 's more social ( i regularly stop and chat with friends and neighbors ) , it 's healthier , and i feel better about myself because i 'm not polluting . 
  driving within the city , unless i have to move furniture or something , seems like a crazy choice to me . 
  probably because so many more people have been close to someone who committed suicide . 
   annex 5 regions belonging to your neighbors they took care of that long ago , scotland , wales , northern ireland , and your pick of random islands ( wight , man , jersey , etc. 
  though if they 're really downvoted a lot , they still get collapsed away , as before . 
  i 'd be a little surprised . 
  i 've dealt with the french police . 
  they 're pretty professional in my experience . 
   the optics are really bad . 
  on this point we are in complete agreement . 
  so still , the most likely case is that they told her to change out of it or get off the beach . 
  she refused , and so they had an argument , and now they are standing around until she does one or the other . 
  how can you tell that from the photo ? 
  why is n't it a photo of the first moment when they approached her to talk about it ? 
  how do you know ? 
  occam 's razor does not support this guess . 
  the article did n't address the other option , which is the more normal of the two , presumably because it 's not as exciting . 
   there are photos of a muslim woman being forced to undress in public . 
  this is insane . 
  was she forced to undress in public , or was she given the choice between changing clothes or leaving the beach ? 
  what is special about the beach ? 
   there 's a reason the country with the most oppressive laws against muslims has experienced the most terrorist attacks . 
  and how have you ensured that your ordering of cause-and-effect is the right way round ? 
   forcing her to strip on the spot did she have the option to leave the beach instead ? 
  the article does n't address it , but i find it extremely hard to believe that the alternative was n't offered . 
  what would make the officers `` seem '' like they were there for one thing or another ? 
   it 's harmful in that our nations citizenship is being cheapened what does this actually mean ? 
  i hear people saying it , but it 's never explained in any sense that involves facts and outcomes . 
  but can be patented , if it 's an idea for a process . 
  what inaccuracy ? 
  what do you think my opinion is ? 
  hint : i 'm not the person who initially set you off . 
   your un-solicited opinion of our laws god forbid someone share their opinion about some country 's laws and their impact on violence , in an international discussion forum topic about violence . 
  or just , you know , murder fewer people next year . 
   french speaking people almost never bother to learn dutch . 
  dutch speaking people on the other hand do . 
  to be fair it 's not a huge surprise that dutch people bother to learn dutch .
