  a lot of electric cars still end up using natural gas , at least , because that 's what the grid is running on . 
  except they use more of it than if the car simply ran directly on natural gas . 
  well , there is no inherent reason why you ca n't have a rule saying that religious institutions must be locally funded . 
  is there ? 
  if so , what is that reason ? 
  the catholic church in germany surely does n't have a negative balance of payments with the vatican . 
   now to the other stuff . 
  it is absolutely nonsensical to make it illegal for religion to be funded from outside the country . 
  that 's how literally any organized religion in germany works , including catholicism , for example . 
  it does n't have to be . 
  oil money . 
  drive car , fund radical islam . 
   if someone has technical details as to how a government like turkey could massively check what its citizens are posting on reddit ( assuming that reddit itself does n't just give out the information ) - let me know . 
  a few angles : 1 . 
  at any given moment there are many unpublished 0-day exploits that make it possible to compromise popular software systems . 
  governments and cybercriminals hoard these and use them until the hole is found by ethical hackers or by the developer of the software in question . 
  it 's entirely possible turkey has purchased or found one or more . 
  so there 's that . 
  hypothetical and largely unprovable in a specific case , but with plenty of historical support . 
  there are algorithms that search for patterns in writing - statistically significant use of uncommon words , repeated errors , grammatical quirks - which can sometimes help identify when the same person wrote different pieces of text . 
  for example , a bunch of anonymous comments on reddit , and a bunch of signed status updates on facebook . 
  these are imperfect but they can help narrow the search space . 
  someone with access to your isp 's equipment can easily build a log of when you post to reddit , even through you 're using https . 
  the payload of a post with content is longer than that of a get requesting a page . 
  once you have a list of times , you can cross-reference that against your suspect pool 's posting-history pages . 
  reddit makes it hard by hiding the exact times , but if you scrape often enough , you can put it all together . 
   i have friends who visit turkey and all i can think of is `` why the fuck ? '', 
  because it 's a beautiful , hospitable place with friendly people , amazing history , one of the world 's top cities , great food , natural beauty , and for many other reasons . 
  unfortunately some things are not going well there at the moment , but that will fade in time , and all the reasons for visiting will still be there afterwards . 
  but that 's not what he was prosecuted for . 
  an accusation that is patent nonsense and comes with no persuasive false claims is n't really much of anything . 
  at what point does it become criminal ? 
  which of the below do you consider justly actionable ? 
  - the king stole the earth 's second moon and ate it . 
  - the reason the king has never traveled to canada is because he once had an affair with the canadian pm 's wife in a broom closet at a un summit and there 's a secret warrant out for his arrest . 
  - the king currently holds the rotating chairmanship of the international committee of the illuminati . 
  - the king has two penises . 
  - the king personally murdered all 12 of my children with a pickaxe . 
  if he is a credible threat to the king or to any person , deal with him on that basis . 
  but not for making insults . 
  a law against burning your country 's flag is just as bad as one that gives special anti-insult powers to the king , and for exactly the same reason : there is no value to assent if dissent is forbidden . 
  well now we 're going to have to make a dyke along the belgian border . 
  they 'll pay when their bar/restaurant is underwater . 
  only one of these is an actual base reason ( noise pollution ) . 
  the others seem to be restatements of people 's reactions to that issue . 
  i have n't spent a lot of time around these , but i 've sat near them on bike rides , etc. , and did n't hear anything . 
  is it a noise that is transmitted differently into homes ? 
  like a low-frequency hum that reverberates in the walls ? 
  a significant portion of dutch exports are fresh cut flowers . 
  it 's huge business . 
  for example ... ? 
  it will be years before anyone knows , and in the meantime the uncertainty is paralyzing . 
  compared to berlin , sure . 
  but compared to london or paris it 's an incredible bargain . 
  i 'm friends with lots of expats but a minority of them come from my home country . 
  expats are all one big nation . 
  there are so many expats and dutch former expats ( who often profess to being more comfortable in english ) in amsterdam that it hardly matters . 
  the market `` bounced back '' because the pound has dropped precipitously , making british companies a bargain for risk-hungry foreign investors . 
  at par value , the market is way down compared to before the referendum . 
  nobody who comes here from europe seems to learn dutch anymore unless they are here for decades . 
  life in amsterdam works easily in english . 
  i would n't let it stop you . 
   if eu consumers can absorb the marginal cost increase on swiss goods as easily as you say , then swiss exports wo n't suffer at all no , because you quoted from the second half of my `` or '' clause , which is therefore distinct from the scenario in which switzerland only sells unique and essential goods . 
  therefore we are talking about the scenario in which switzerland also sells goods which can be obtained from competitors elsewhere . 
  once the price goes up , eu customers will go elsewhere for those goods , leaving switzerland to sell only the subset of goods which are unique and essential , at the effective markup resulting from the change in trade conditions . 
  if you want to talk about such topics , you have to learn how to think and read clearly , otherwise there 's no point . 
  this is my last post on this subthread . 
  if you 're claiming that ( a ) the entire swiss export economy is based on essential and wholly unique goods , or ( b ) that the swiss economy can absorb the loss of exports more easily than the eu economy can absorb the marginal increase in prices on the goods it must import from switzerland , then i think you 've really become a slave to the position you adopted a few posts back . 
  this should be obvious unless you have never cracked an economics textbook . 
  for every item sold by switzerland that can currently be obtained at a similar price elsewhere ( i.e. , most of them ) , any negative change in trade terms will drive demand to alternate suppliers . 
  for every item sold by switzerland that can not be obtained elsewhere , european consumers will pay a marginally higher price . 
  there is more demand for european money in switzerland , than there is for swiss products in europe . 
  they will hold fast on the four freedoms , if it comes to that . 
  obviously nobody is going to cut off trade entirely , but the eu absolutely can and will restrict switzerland 's current preferential open access to the eu market , which will make swiss goods more expensive and therefore dramatically reduce their export earnings . 
  switzerland has no economy without the eu . 
  it is generally the case that treaties supersede national law . 
   i 'd be interested in learning what you found not nice or uncomfortable about dublin . 
  - so many homeless people and beggars - outside of tcd and a few other places , the urban environment is quite ugly for europe - the value for money of my friends ' houses was shockingly poor - public transport is a mess - restaurants are preposterously expensive and largely not good - many people were very friendly in person , one-on-one , but the ambient attitude in the streets seemed almost hostile . 
  when i was in brussels last year i spoke english to almost everyone . 
  i figured it was politically safer than using dutch or french . 
  the only people i had to switch to french for were some arab immigrants . 
  the problem with dublin , as with frankfurt , is that it 's just not a very nice city ( though in different ways ) . 
  there are n't many nice places to live and the place has an uncomfortable air about it . 
   ideal location mmmm what ? 
  freezing cold at all times , and not at all central . 
  from amsterdam you can easily hop a train to brussels , paris , or frankfurt . 
  from edinburgh you can spend # 250 to wait for a train to leeds that never arrives . 
   maybe 90 percent of the dutch speak some english , but this is true of any european capital except brussels . 
  madrid ? 
  rome ? 
  english in brussels is 10 times better than those cities . 
  the overwhelming majority of flights to scotland come from eu airports . 
  when you are in the schengen area , it takes a lot less time for air passengers to/from europe to make their trips . 
  adding passport queues on either end can make the whole project take an hour longer . 
  when i fly to the uk i often spend more time in the passport queue at heathrow than i do in the air . 
  there are also costs associated with this ; the passenger fees for non-schengen flights at schengen airports are higher . 
  iceland 's in it , as is malta . 
  cyprus has been trying . 
  spain has no plans to leave the eu . 
  perhaps you forget , but britain joined the eu , hat in hand , in the 1970s when it was one of the worst economies in europe .
