  you can make such videos anywhere . 
  they interview hundreds of people and discard everything but the ones that fit the producer 's aims . 
  i ca n't always speak or associate freely while being monitored . 
  i honestly do n't think so . 
  i showed things like old phone bills and my previous lease , but for long stretches i did n't have a driver 's license . 
  no , it 's a problem immediately . 
   you signed a contract , in your name . 
  someone had to verify that you are who you say you are , when signing this contract . 
  in all the years i lived in the usa , i never showed any id when signing an apartment rental contract . 
  it 's also a way to eliminate people 's access to anonymity , which can be a prerequisite for fully exercising some other rights . 
  we have [ ard , zdf , ndr , and wdr ] ( https://www.ziggo.nl/#producten/televisie/zenderoverzicht/ ) . 
  there 's also arte but i swear i 've never watched it for a minute in my life . 
   you need to spend more time in our colony ( outside the touristy areas ) . 
  you will find that not that many indonesians speak english . 
  yeah , i 've been doing rural projects there for years . 
  in the hinterlands it 's true that not many people speak it but in the cities they often do . 
  more than in spain at least !, 
  one big difference in indonesia is that a far greater share of people have a smattering of english and are willing to use it . 
   spain is bad , but indonesia ? 
  maybe you meant india ? 
  i did n't use india because its position as flagship british colony seemed a confounding factor . 
   well , you do n't know jack shit then . 
  first of all , the statistics you cite completely support my point . 
  secondly , my own personal experience also supports my point . 
  i do n't know the difference between public and private stations in germany , but some of the german stations we get on cable in the netherlands definitely do that . 
  or at least they used to years ago ; i have n't tuned to any of them recently . 
   it 's the generally high level of education offered to the average european . 
  american media is prevalent throughout the world but most countries are poor and people make do with basic subs or dubs but in europe a combination of good english education , familiar vocabulary and english entertainment means that the average european stands a decent chance of being able to learn the language well enough . 
  not sure i buy the `` high level of education '' argument ; in many poor/developing countries -- especially former british colonies but also many that were not -- the quality of english is better than in many european countries . 
  i 'd rather have to have an english conversation with a random person in indonesia than in spain . 
  tipping point . 
  once it became sufficiently useful for travel and commerce , it made more and more sense for each additional person to study english rather than anything else . 
  and that made it even more useful for travel and commerce . 
  brussels , not paris . 
   i say it 's the same as driving through a red light . 
  well , that 's crude . 
  but in essence , you should respect the authority of a red light . 
  if you do n't you get fined . 
  same goes for an officer ; you respect the authority of an officer , if you do n't you get fined . 
  my argument has nothing to do with protection . 
  it 's about respect and it 's about living in a democracy . 
  i know we agreed to stop , but i do n't follow this argument . 
  if i drive around all day making rude gestures at red lights , or calling them ant-fuckers , i really do n't think anybody 's going to care . 
  i only have to respect their specific function , which is to tell me when i should stop driving . 
  likewise the function of a police officer is not to improve my manners , it is to protect people from one another . 
  a police officer who over-reaches his responsibility under the cover of authority has lost my respect . 
  his authority is not holy or permanent ; it is something we have granted him in order to improve safety for society . 
  he has the responsibility of wielding it wisely , or else it should be taken away . 
   fining is acting with dignity . 
   retaliating would be calling the homeless guy names . 
  retaliation does n't have to take the same form . 
  if one child throws mud at another , and then the second child kicks him in the knee , that 's still retaliation . 
  it becomes retaliation as long as it 's a reaction designed primarily to hurt the offender , motivated by the offense of the retaliator . 
   impolite people deserve to be fined imo . 
  i just wish police officers who say ` je ' instead of ` u ' to adults would be reprimanded aswell . 
  too many impolite and uneducated police officers nowadays . 
  perhaps the police department might set internal standards for politeness of conduct , but i do n't think it 's reasonable to allow members of the public to decide the fate of a police officer merely because they felt they were impolite . 
  if they hurt them in some material way , sure . 
  but a society full of thin-skinned people lashing out because their feelings were hurt is like stepping back to caveman times . 
  i do n't want that . 
  thanks for your gracious conclusion . 
  have a nice day too . 
  think of it this way : what do you do when your children misbehave : retaliate or educate ? 
  if you choose the former , eventually your children will develop a primitive sense of right-and-wrong based on force and power rather than on morality . 
  if , however , you choose to act with dignity , they will also learn that . 
   right , so if i call you a kankerhomo , that would make you infantile . 
  have n't thought this one through ? 
  or am i missing something here ? 
  you are missing something . 
  i only become infantile in that situation if i start whining about it , rather than ignoring you . 
  `` mommy , he called me a name !, 
  put him in jail ! '', 
   we all know where the line is and what the consequences are when you cross it . 
  then start insulting the officer who fined you for it because you get caught ... 
  it was completely and utterly your decision and your responsibility breaking the law . 
  whining about it is weak and insulting the officer is infantile . 
  just shows you have absolutely no respect for the laws of the society you live in . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  as i said , i do n't swear at cops . 
  i consider it pathetic behavior to swear at cops . 
  i am simply saying that i also think it weakens respect for the police to have a law that allows them to lash out in retaliation at people who swear at them . 
  if the police want our respect , they should be above nonsense like that . 
  to me , this is more important -- and more damaging -- than some yahoo lobbing a few curse words . 
  when the police , who we are supposed to trust and rely upon as people of strength and honor , reveal themselves to be so puerile and petty , the whole system starts looking shaky . 
  just because something is dumb or pathetic does n't mean it should be illegal . 
  sometimes it 's better to let people act like fools for the sake of the greater good . 
   who is a cry baby child when you start insulting a police officer ? 
  who is infantile , the person who starts swearing or the person who gets it ? 
  both are infantile . 
  however , the police officer who throws a tantrum about it was supposed to be the more responsible , adult person here . 
  he 's the one who is letting me and society down by being unable to manage his fragile emotions in a situation that any sane , stable individual would be able to brush off without a second thought . 
  the fact that some drunk idiot is swearing at a cop is entirely uninteresting ; of course that 's what drunk idiots do . 
  you might as well start arresting dogs for barking at cats . 
   you do n't swear at people who have authority over you , who are sworn to protect you and who are sworn to uphold the law . 
  it 's that simple . 
  it is ? 
  this seems pretty arbitrary to me . 
  i 've personally never cursed at a cop , but i do n't see why the universe has decreed that it must not be done . 
   whether you like it or not , the police is also there to say something when you throw away tin cans . 
  drinking alcohol in public is forbidden .
