  but for the most part criminals and police operate without guns , which keeps everyone else safer . 
  if the police always had guns then the criminals would too , which would mean more innocent victims . 
  it escalates everything . 
  criminals need to have more guns in order to match up with the police . 
   wherever you are in the netherlands , there are always houses and people close-by . 
  there are actually nice big park areas where you can walk for hours and only see a few people unless it 's a warm saturday afternoon . 
  i never use the dutch one unless looking up something about the netherlands or dutch culture . 
  for general reference it 's always straight to english . 
  it 's probably iframed in on some page that people frequently interact with at some company . 
  for example , people in a bank looking at the print queue might see it , and each time it counts as a view . 
  a few thousand people incidentally seeing it several times a day can really add up . 
  no , and the us immigration officers in preclearance airports are unarmed and ca n't search or detain people . 
  all they can do is tell the airline not to allow someone to board . 
   i did n't leave tokyo-narita on a longish layover because of the customs issue . 
  japanese immigration is normally very efficient . 
  i 've never waited more than a few minutes . 
  the real hassle is getting from nrt to tokyo . 
  for one thing , the airport would be able to offer flights to any usa airport instead of only the ones with international border facilities . 
  this is probably most useful to canadian airports ( where the system has been in place for decades ) , since canadians fly to a lot more places in the usa for more diverse reasons than dutch travelers generally do . 
  but it could still be nice for schiphol . 
  if the setup proves to be well-managed , and knowing schiphol it probably would be , it would make schiphol a preferred gateway to the usa for european and african passengers flying to secondary airports because inbound international connecting flights to the usa are currently hell . 
  immigration facilities at most american gateway airports are slow and awful . 
  this means an unpleasant experience and very long transit times . 
  many travelers would prefer to avoid that . 
   i know i would n't give a shit about a small technicality in where i go through a security check . 
  you would if you regularly had to make connecting flights in the usa . 
  this makes the difference between needing a 3-hour connection and being able to do it in 45 minutes . 
   did n't that only happen once with portugal ? 
  three countries , i believe . 
   and how would anyone know it was microsoft ? 
  and why would microsoft even be involved , what happened to tv feeds we used for decades ? 
  i dunno , they were the technology sponsor and issued a flurry of press releases about how their connectivity solutions would bring everyone closer together than ever . 
  we watched the finals on the bbc so there was n't any commercial stuff ; i 'm not sure if they had more overt sponsorship messages in other tv markets . 
   italy won if you only look at the televotes . 
  to be fair , i did think italy 's was the best song , so bing predicted my heart . 
  but nevertheless , microsoft made the claim to be able to call the outcome , that includes the entire process as it is , not just the easy part . 
  come now , be graceful in victory . 
  i was in a loud and crowded room , but it seemed like russia 's song did n't have anything special going for it . 
  our hypothesis was that the reason it got as many votes as it did was for the opposite reason - because putin had warned everyone the tanks would roll otherwise . 
  microsoft provided those remote feeds from the individual nations ' presenters that kept crapping out . 
  on the other hand , [ bing did successfully predict that italy would take it all ] ( http://news.microsoft.com/europe/2015/05/18/douze-points-bing-predicts-italy-to-win-eurovision-song-contest/ ) . 
  because the netherlands was eliminated before the final . 
  i agree , it was the funniest moment of the whole show . 
  it was really the only funny way to go and he used it masterfully . 
  definitely a cut above everyone else 's hokey suspenseful pauses . 
  polish citizens can get free visa-on-arrival in uae . 
  and anyway , you do n't need a visa to use dubai as a hub , as you remain in the airport transit area . 
  sure , but only circumstantially . 
  the reason we have the united nations is because of the nazis , but that does n't mean that nazism in particular is a necessary precondition for global intergovernmental cooperation . 
  any similar crisis could have led to the same outcome . 
  you said `` religion was beneficial '' . 
  i 'm saying that having a strong institution was beneficial , and the fact that it happened to be a religious one is a red herring . 
  i do hope you are right . 
  i think that religion was actually extremely beneficial to the development of europe . 
  people often forget that the catholic church was responsible for almost all universities and learning . 
  this is n't about religion , it 's about having a strong institution with a dedication to learning . 
  it could just as easily have been a completely atheist institution . 
   game of thrones is currently my fav . 
  this show has a lot of depictions of things which would ordinarily be quite taboo in sudan . 
  nudity , homosexual relationships , etc. 
  is it easy to detach and see these things as abstract components of an entertainment program , or do they seem offensive and wrong while watching ? 
    do you understand why the ability to ridicule anything , including revered figures , is an important cornerstone of western civilisation and culture ? 
   no i dont freedom to criticize is essential to the process that allows ideas to mature and strengthen . 
  without this freedom , the longer that people pass on beliefs that have not been tested by criticism , the more disconnected those beliefs become from reality . 
  rather than growing stronger by adapting to effective criticism , they grow weak . 
  over time they lose depth because in the absence of criticism there 's no incentive to truly understand them . 
  people come to only understand a shallow expression of the idea . 
  and then it has lost its value . 
  this is a failure that has inevitably condemned enforced dogma to obsolescence and ignominy in the long run . 
  it 's customary to open the pack and tip the cashier one cigarette . 
  libertarians are basically 14-year-old boys with an autistic understanding of human nature . 
   sealand is actually really intriguing from an international law point of view , since at some point there was a fire and the only inhabitant , a security guard was evacuated meaning the `` country '' had zero inhabitants for a while . 
  not that intriguing , since it was n't a country in the first place . 
  it 's about as interesting as when the last person leaves a public toilet in downtown paris . 
  perhaps they want to have input into the constitution . 
  many of the other remote territories have been spun off in the last few decades . 
  micronesia , palau , etc. , all independent nations now . 
  of significant territories , only guam , the northern marianas , and puerto rico remain . 
   pederasty used to mean homosexuality i would have assumed it came from the same root as pediatrician . 
  please send some norwegian electricians down here to the netherlands !, 
  the chinese writing system is very hard to learn , and many people who attempt to learn the various chinese spoken dialects in adulthood will never master the sounds . 
  chinese has little future as an international language . 
  widespread knowledge of english in china is the realistic alternative . 
   well i think we can all agree that the uk has the best plug as long as you never walk around your house barefoot at night . 
  the outlets age poorly , losing their grip on plugs after a few years , especially with the massive weight of multi-plug adapters . 
  also , moving the safety mechanism all the way out to the plug makes for much more danger in upstream infrastructure . 
  the british plug design was a cost-saving design and comes with serious compromises as a result ( the ring circuit ) . 
  i 've never seen any schuko outlets more than a few years old which are still solidly attached to the wall . 
  they require too much force to unplug , which creates more stress than the mountings can handle . 
  after living all over the world i 'm fairly convinced that australian plugs are the optimal design . 
   and italian is more complete . 
  i do n't speak spanish very well , but in italian you have many ways to say he and she for example   he = egli ( formal ) , esso ( formal not used ) , lui she = ella ( formal ) , essa ( formal not used ) , lei how is that an improvement ? 
  electronic voting typically suffers from one of two problems : either ( a ) it 's a black box and there 's no reason to trust that the results reflect the votes , or ( b ) it 's verifiable after the fact and people can therefore be coerced into voting a certain way , because you can obtain proof of how you voted , which the coercer can demand to see . 
   in the right conditions , kosovars do pretty good in sports . 
  for example , the swiss football team has more than 4 kosovo-albanian players in their midst . 
  once the conditions in kosovo are better and once the post-war trauma wears off , we 'll do better . 
  i 'm sorry , but is there anything * less * important to the development of the country than this ? 
  seriously , who cares ? 
  how about industries and infrastructure and political stability and civil rights and productive foreign relations ? 
   serbs in bosnia did not want bosnia to split from yugoslavia .
