  in a public space . 
  it 's a cult , not a religion . 
  this is a distinction with no bright line . 
  it is not sustainable in a fair way to make allowances for one but not the other . 
  and it 's fundamentally unfair to make special allowances for any of them . 
  yes , but that 's the site owner 's problem - not something that needs to be fixed with legislation . 
  i use an ad blocker and i completely agree . 
  i do n't see why i have the right to force someone to show me their content if they do n't like the conditions i 'm imposing . 
  plus it 's much more fun to watch the endless arms race between advertisers and blockers . 
  not if they 're used to stifle legitimate dissent that just happened to get a little heated in the moment . 
  my head is spinning . 
  you think people should be protected from controversy ? 
  that 's incredibly insulting . 
  i 'm no expert on bbc availability ( i just remember reading some article about it recently ) but are you sure it was n't bbc world or bbc news or something ? 
  iirc it 's only formally available here ( nl ) , belgium , switzerland , and ireland . 
  i do n't think it 's so popular there . 
  at most only maybe about 325,000 people are watching in iceland . 
  not in the sense being discussed here - for example , you are legally allowed to ask your neighbors if they know whether anyone is saying bad things about you . 
  so it should be legal to spy but illegal to admit it ? 
  all embassies are used for information gathering , plenty of it crossing into common definitions of espionage . 
  this is nothing new . 
  yeah , i was kind of making fun of him . 
  i figured it was mild enough that i could avoid imprisonment even if i holiday in germany at some point in the future . 
  the good news is that this will speed the elimination of the dumb law against insulting foreign leaders . 
  for this we can be grateful to erdo\u011fan pa\u015fa . 
   the article talks about hate comments about turks not on erdogan . 
  did you even make it to the first sentence of the article ? 
  a law against insulting a foreign leader is something that belongs in the middle ages , when the international fraternity of dukes and lords ruled the land . 
  there is nothing racist about someone hypothetically calling erdo\u011fan a tyrant , or a dictator , or a fool , or a foul-hearted brute with the penis of a prepubescent gnat . 
  unless you think those are particularly turkish characteristics , which i do not . 
  then again , until someone actually calls him one of those things , we can only speculate as to their state of mind . 
  it would be hard to make it illegal . 
  how would such a law be worded , without seriously constraining freedom of speech ? 
  dolph does n't strike me as particularly masculine , so much as caricaturing masculinity for the purpose of overcompensating for something . 
  i do n't see it . 
  he just looks like a normal person . 
  why is he emasculated ? 
  because he does n't have a tattoo of a machine gun on his forehead ? 
   do we use empathic reasoning when tackling physics problems ? 
  we use the scientific method . 
  terrorism is not a physics problem . 
  it 's a social and psychological problem . 
   they are basically police states . 
  in other words , you 've never been there and you have no idea . 
  i 've already written you guys off !, 
  while that 's true , the euros are n't very colorful or vibrant compared to the francs . 
  each one is basically a single color with some shading variations . 
  the designs are conservative , like something that had to pass through too many committees before it could be approved . 
  now that the rest of us are stuck with the boring euro notes , switzerland has the most beautiful money around . 
  for people with recurring prescription medication costs , high deductibles , healthcare costs in excess of insurance payout caps , etc. , that 's coming out of `` disposable income '' , but it probably does n't feel very discretionary to them ... and if it does , that 's a kind of tragic . 
  insurance premiums , or out-of-pocket expenses too ? 
  i live in a city ( amsterdam ) where almost everyone lives in apartments . 
  basements are actually more common here in town than in the less-dense suburbs and villages , because property prices are so high here that owners want to maximize building space per m2 of land . 
  still , they 're mostly used for living space rather than the american-style unfinished random-storage-and-messy-project space . 
  i know some people with dryers but i would n't call them that common . 
  people who do have them , have stacked washer-dryer units in closets , or dual-function washer-dryer combos . 
  the latter seem to be a source of endless problems . 
  most people air-dry their clothes . 
  they last longer , it 's free , and the only downsides are having to wait overnight , the humidity it adds to the room , and somewhat scratchier towels . 
  for the money savings it 's a pretty good trade-off imho . 
  the producer 's fiscal cost does n't take into account the multitude of externalities associated with energy production and use . 
  do you think luxembourg is a very productive country ? 
  these numbers are not really measuring what you seem to think they are . 
   median disposable per-capita income after ppp adjustment . 
  now let 's see median disposable income after healthcare and education expenses . 
   are there really a lot of homes that do n't have space for a washer and dryer ? 
  it 's quite common in apartments in the netherlands that the clothes washer is in the kitchen , under a counter like a dishwasher . 
  or in the corner of the bathroom . 
  not a lot of space for another large appliance . 
   sounds really inconvenient i must say i do n't miss having a dryer at all . 
  once every few months when we really need to dry something in a hurry , i can walk 5 minutes down the street to a laundromat and do it for a couple euros . 
  we have a metal drying rack that gets set up in a spare corner . 
  it holds a washer-load of clothes and they 're dry by morning . 
  either window units , or more commonly , the separated units where the fan is in the room , and the compressor is on the roof or hanging outside on the back wall . 
   europeans are no tree hugging enviromental saints . 
  its just a big matter of expense in a common household . 
  europeans have chosen policy that comes closer to reflecting the true costs of energy usage . 
  just because they do it at the voting booth rather than at point-of-sale does n't mean it 's not a decision . 
   when i was in europe plenty of people wanted big cars like in the us , the girls i hung out with were especially fond of the escalade . 
  i live in europe and i have literally never seen anything like an escalade here . 
  it would be horrible . 
  no way to park it , everyone would think you 're an asshole . 
  there was one hummer h2 in amsterdam for a while . 
  it was an endless target of abuse and i have n't seen it in a couple years . 
  regardless of whose job you think it is , it is strongly in the west 's interest to make it work . 
  you can sit around saying it 's the muslims ' fault for not integrating , but after doing that all day , you still have millions of non-integrated muslims on your hands . 
  like the [ white australia policy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/white_australia_policy ) ? 
  history has not looked kindly on that . 
  the united states has an interesting program , the [ diversity immigrant visa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/diversity_immigrant_visa ) ( aka the green card lottery ) , which is only available to people who do ** not ** come from the countries that otherwise send the most immigrants to the usa . 
  the list of ineligible citizenships is re-evaluated annually but this year includes : bangladesh , brazil , canada , china , colombia , dominican republic , ecuador , el salvador , haiti , india , jamaica , mexico , nigeria , pakistan , peru , philippines , south korea , united kingdom , and vietnam . 
  this is at least more fair . 
  i 'm more thinking of the ones out in the desert with a raging campfire and wild dancing ( okay , typically only men , but it gets weird ) . 
   now , i hate bringin this up because americans tend to go apeshit crazy , but blacks are an example , are n't they ? 
  not a great one , because blacks who immigrated to the usa from africa and the caribbean tend to be among the most successful , best-educated , least criminal minority groups . 
  the famous high crime levels are found among blacks whose ancestors have lived in the usa for many generations , going back to slavery times . 
  it is a home-grown problem . 
  i do n't think it 's evolution per se , but rather cultural evolution . 
  there have been plenty of schisms within islam . 
  the biggest , between sunni and shia , is quite well known , i think . 
  it 's not at all impossible to change the prevailing interpretations of the quran within communities .
