do n't you people have lots of guns too ? 
  why do n't you have mass shootings ? 
  must be something else than just the second amendment, 
  lot of people think that this deal between ukraine and eu is a beginning of getting the ukraine in the eu . 
  many think the eu is too big as it is now . 
  but i have no idea what our government is going to do now . 
  if they do n't do anything , it will hurt them the next election . 
  but they also have too keep the eu happy . 
  no it does n't . 
  it means that the dutch government has to take the advice of the people and look at the deal again and maybe go to the eu and talk about some changes here and there . 
  nothing radical, 
  no it is not binding . 
  it is a advisory referendum ,, 
  have n't you heard those annoying radio commercials ? 
  : `` ukraine voted against putin 's will , now putin wants to decide how we vote '', 
  so is mine , 5/9 rules, 
  there is a new law in the netherlands that gives the people the right to hold referendums . 
  so this is the first time this is possible . 
  maybe there would more referendums if this law was implemented earlier, 
  it is probably from \u0112ostre , a saxon god of fertility and spring, 
  maybe they released him so they can follow him and get more info about the terror cell or maybe i am watching to many movies, 
  ask femenists what they think about this , you might be surprised, 
  belgium and france were against the war in irag . 
  belgium especially has nothing to do with the me , still they were attacked, 
  fifa is the global association , the european one is uefa . 
  uefa has just as much power over fifa as the asian or the americas associations have, 
  he did stop a long time ago , but it did n't help unfortunately, 
  belgium imported lots of morrocans to work in the mines , after the mines were closed they moved to the city searching for work . 
  we have those too , indonesians . 
  but indeed the turks are mostly good people, 
  we started with spaniards and italians , but them some bright minds suggested we import marroccans and turks . 
  the idea was that they would leave after a few years , but we all know what happend . 
  even the attack on the trains in madrid was planned in belgium, 
  my point was that worrying about something and then taking precautions is n't a bad thing . 
  i am also worried about car accidents , that is why my car has seatbelts , airbags etc. 
  i agree we should, 
  when i watch tv shows like `` escape to the country '' and '' home under the hammer '' etc i always thought that the houses in brittain were cheap except those in london . 
  no i meant buddhism and taoism or the ancient greeks or the norse mytholigy which all ar alot older then christianity, 
  norway is a very relax and peacfull country , they seem to do really well without going to church every week or do you think it will be chaos and anarchy when people stop believing in jesus christ there were morals and virtues before the coming of christ you know, 
  half of europe copied our red white and blue flag . 
  why are there so many rape related stories from sweden ? 
  why are there less cases in denmark , the netherlands , austria etc. . ? 
  semi finals : bayern-barca and psg-madrid . 
  the champions league is getting a bit to predictable, 
  germany is still in charge , this deal with turkey is something merkel wants and is pushing for other leaders to agree . 
  everyone can hold a referendum if they get 300.000 signatures ( i think ) , from the people . 
  this is new . 
  we , the people could ' t do this before, 
  sorry , it is fake http://windsorstar.com/uncategorized/leamington-kingsville-mayors-expect-municipalities-to-flourish-in-2014, 
  with all the news coming out of sweden these days i need to learn some swedish so i can read these articles . 
  anyone can translate ? 
  yeah , probably, 
  my mistake , i thought you were from france, 
  in the netherlands ( 1 of the richest countries ) , close to my house there is a paved path along a canal , which is build with european funds . 
  so thank you all for paying for it , i guess, 
  yes it actually is , the ankaran and the triglav . 
  or . . we just do n't care . 
  atleast i do n't . 
  i do not know anything about the private lives of politcians and would like to keep it that way, 
  what a strange article . . 
  finally some peace and quite, 
  no , why would you think that ? 
  i see , title is wrong . 
  it is european countries , not european union, 
  you can say the same about the flag of the isle of man / s. 
  but the % in greece is much higher than in iran , which i find at least surprising . 
  because of the lack of internet in those days , the war in the balkan seemed much more distant then the war in syria atm . 
  it was n't in your face everyday . 
  so to me it may have looked more peacfull then, 
  there is r/militaryporn, 
  a refugee is someone who fled from war , like those in turkey , not the ones who crossed many safe countries in europe , only to go home after a few months because they still have n't received a house and a car from the taxpayers of finland , sweden etc. 
  articles from 1 year ago , i suppose the situation in britain has not radically changed in 1 year http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/14/uk-jewish-antisemitism-rise-yougov-poll http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/feb/05/antisemitic-attacks-uk-community-security-trust-britain-jewish-population, 
  here in the netherlands a lot of people are against anything the eu in general , so when they can vote against the eu ( like this referendum ) , they will . 
  he thinks that he is the only 1 who sees and knows the truth , and everyone else who disagrees with him is a working for the americans or british . 
  in libia he tought that other journalists were spies from the cia and mi6 . 
  then he reported that the us is trying to assassinated him . 
  he is a clasic nut job, 
  call us again when things get a bit quieter and more relaxed over there . 
  until then you are on your own, 
  that man sees cia and nato spies everywhere , i would n't believe anything he writes, 
  that is also the reason , why merkel is doing this . 
  not for the benefit of the german people or the benefit of the imigrants. , but it is about how the world looks at germany, 
  those are the other 2 thirds / s, 
  why should norway or sweden or any other smaller country have done anything . 
  like those countries could have stopped the war . 
  it is n't the people of norway 's fault that france , the us , russia etc. 
  are playing games , but those people have to pay the taxes to pay for all those refugees, 
  because in germany it is the ` right thing ' to do . 
  they feel really guilty about the war and do n't want to be called nazis or fascists ever again . 
  it is difficult for a german to talk bad about this situation in public, 
  http://https://euobserver.com/tickers/132081 http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12135244/migrant-crisis-to-cost-germany-50-billion-by-2017.html some other media reporting the same, 
  nah , lots of germans were cheering and singing when the first busses rode into town . 
  they supported it , and a lot still do . 
  or they at least pretend to do, 
  old news , happend in 2014 , some of the leaders were send to jail, 
  when i think of austria , i think of old vienna , strassburg , ballrooms , mozart , straus . 
  the austrian - hongarian empire , sissi etc. 
  i do n't know much of modern austria though . 
  i do n't hear much of it in the news or on international level . 
  i only see austria when i watch skiing on eurosport,
