  australia is way more dangerous then europe will ever be . 
  just one step out the door and a 1000 animals , insects and plants are trying to kill you . 
  some of us do , not all countries in europe are the same . 
  you should know that, 
   of course as you can guess since he was white and british - literally the president of bulgaria pardoned him . 
   so , if we 're to judge - we should n't see everything so one sided . 
  the west sometimes does n't get away with its xenophobic/racist policies ( think nazi germany ... ) . 
  i hope it wo n't get away and this time too . 
  how can someone who is against racism and discrimination ( i guess you are ? ), 
  call the whole western politics and the bulgarian president racist ? 
  do n't you see you are doing the same thing you are against ? 
  no it means there is at least a potential threat , and that should be addressed . 
  instead of calling anyone , who is not on the same page as merkel a racist and xenofoob . 
  most of the time atleast, 
  that is an image of st. george, 
  well , it 's in a box . 
  so probably both, 
  the police is not in charge of prisons , so this is not their fault, 
  no , life is life . 
  mohammed b , the murderer of theo van gogh will never be released unless they will change the law about parole, 
  why not , in the netherlands there are multiple criminals who serve life sentences and there is no such thing as parole atm , so they will die in prison, 
  screenshot of the witcher 4 ? 
  ransom money . 
  museums pay a lot to get the paintings back . 
  or to use it as a bargaining tool once you get arrested by the police . 
  no then we all be stuck a few meter below water , no one sinks , no one comes to the surface . 
  france and ( somewhat ) spain are centralized , every railroad is connected to the capital . 
  in germany there are more connections between diffferent cities , harder that way to make a decent high speed rail network, 
  back then it was 1 terrorist act in 1 year , you were shocked , scared but forget about soon after . 
  now there are reports every week about train stabbings , terrorist attacks in belgium , france , turkey , shootings in germany etc. 
  and not by some super terrorist group , but by your next door neighbour who radicalized in his basement after spending a month on the internet, 
  there was an attack on the talys a year ago ? 
  maybe 2 years . 
  2 american marines intervened . 
  since then there is heightend security on the talys . 
  last year a black guy was killed when the police used a choke hold trying to arrest him in the haque , there were even demonstrations and riots a few day after . 
  fn , front national, 
  really ? 
  bread is one of the few things i hate in germany . 
  it is so heavy and thick , you can hit a hole in a wall with it . 
  germany , france and belgium were against the war in irag , remember the freedom fries and `` old '' europe versus `` new '' europe ? 
  still the attacks happend in those countries . 
  he did say , not an attack in a decade , 2005 is 11 years ago . 
  nothing to hunt here i guess . 
  nah , just r/eu , you are still in r/europe , if you like it or not, 
  leave a union , enter a federation . 
  this was for more freedom , not less, 
  we also have some american nuclear weapons lying around on an airbase , so if we are invaded , we can blow ourselfs up as a last resort, 
   howver ilga-europe told the local this was more a result of other nations improving their policies than life in sweden getting worse for gay , lesbian , bisexual , or transgender people . 
  how would you explain the netherlands then ? 
  looks more venetian to me, 
  only the smart ones, 
  yes, 
  everyone in the netherlands sneer at almere, 
  the snow , we do n't get that here very often, 
  no , no do n't listen to this guy , fake news . 
  this is from 2010 , edit : the original was from 2010 , he edited it in 2016, 
  closer to china, 
  our own country sold weapons to saudi arabia and many other questionable countries . 
  good for them, 
  when the first immigrants arrived in western europe , in the 60 's , the left were against it because it was bad for the workers and the right was pro immigration cause of the low costs . 
  he is a mep and the negotiator for the brexit , his nationality is irrelevant, 
  whay does belgium has to do with this ? 
  full time fluff fest it is right there in his sentence ftff, 
  why are there no towers on the right side ? 
  what tower did this mr eiffel supposedly built ? 
  yeah , that 's true, 
  geert wilders in the netherlands is a very good friend of israel . 
  he is supposed to get a lot of funding from that country . 
  and being anti gay in the netherlands does n't get you lots of votes . 
  yes , but most dutchman fortunately do n't , so that wont happen, 
  maybe not in your part of europe but we in the netherlands do care what happens with brexit since we do alot of business with them, 
  no , an id card is enough, 
  yes, 
  https://imgur.com/gallery/2lekb la c\u00f4te d' alb\u00e2tre , alabaster is a sort of white if i am not mistaken, 
  nah , there are white cliffs on both sides of the channel, 
  a dutch eu mp tweeted alot in the early days of the crisis , denying this very thing https://twitter.com/judithineuropa/status/600276891883417600 `` there is not a shred of evidence for the proposition that is fighters in refugee boats coming to europe . 
  is hysteria '', 
  ofcourse , it 's our own fault again . 
  those attacks in paris , brussels etc. 
  were done by third generation immigrants who got every chance to do something good with their lives but chose to create death and mayhem because their lives did n't turn out like they wanted it . 
  there are only about 40.000 somalians here , they are not doing so good on jobs , education etc. 
  but there are too few people of them to be a big problem, 
  come on , everybody knows finland does n't even exists r/finlandconspiracy, 
  no idea what a heart index is , but we beat finland , so . . 
  thanks mate , 
  https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=oec1yaawg34 ? 
  of course we do , but so does france , spain and italy etc. 
  but somehow we are the biggest net contributor, 
  night life is good and there are lots of students there, 
  if he has a dutch passport , he is dutch . 
  does n't say anything about where he is born . 
  if he is a number of years in the country he can apply for citizenship, 
  in a perfect world everyone would live in peace and prosperity , so none would have to fllee their home countries . 
  that ca n't be right , i do n't trust them, 
  if you are not sp , you are right wing , right ? 
  you read `` demographically '' and you immediately think of non-whites not being aloud to visit ? 
  what 's wrong with you ? 
  fipronil , which is in these eggs , is also used for anti flee products for dogs . 
  i have no idea if digesting a certain amount is harmful for your dog though .
