  yes turkey bombs isis , but the thing is that isis always target the civillians , especially from the opposition and kurdish minority . 
  whereas , pkk targets especially turkish military and officials . 
  this time the target was directly the turkish state . 
  i think pkk did this, 
  my brother said that the whole avenue was filled with ambulances . 
  transatlantic trade and investment partnership ( ttip ) offers the eu members an alternative in the sense of decreasing asymmetrical interdependence with russia . 
  right now the us is planning to export surplus shale gas etc. 
  to european market ; and after signing ttip , the us will be sending lng to europe . 
  however , lng is so expensive to transport , and the lng docks take long years to be build ( approximately 5-6 years ) . 
  but of course they have a solution for this . 
  british petroleum ( bp ) is building the largest ship ever in the history , called `` flng '' , which is basically a portable lng platform that can process anywhere you want . 
  i 'm not sure how long can american gas reserves will last , but maybe this time period will be enough to convert energy market almost 100 % into renewable energy . 
  i know this is a long shot , but maybe qatar would be also another alternative to russia , since they enjoy the biggest natural gas reserve on the earth . 
  qatar invested so much on lng , and right now exporting it to japan since 2013 . 
  as one of my friend said before , turkey is a big if , and turkey i think lost the opportunity of being a major energy transporter a few years ago , also the crisis with russia shows no optimistic signals about the future . 
  turks do n't believe its going to happen , obviously . 
  yes , the european identity discussions show that there is a fear of turk since the middle ages , and the turkish profile still reminds the europeans of eastern elements . 
  if the eu removes pkk from the terrorist list , that would be the ending chapter of turkey 's accession story . 
  brace yourselves , schengen agreement is coming ... ;d, 
  interesting relationship has been growing between these two since turkey is facing with russian sanctions . 
  it is tragic to see how an industrial giant got beaten by an agrarian society after a century . 
  ohh i was n't aware that the refugees were trying to go to bulgaria . 
  i think your mind set will cause more anarchy and more refugees coming to europe . 
  i 'm thinking about in realpolitik sense , so the eu should not oppose turkey , at least in general terms , so that the refugee crisis can be solved before the union will break down . 
  i think this `` halt '' is a mistake . 
  the eu should act shoulder-to-shoulder with turkey , especially for the sake of finding a solution for the refugee crisis . 
  and germany should definitely stop aiding ypg/pkk . 
  federica mogherini , the high representative , should be able to say something different form us , if the eu wants to be apart from nato and become a global power . 
  otherwise , the eu is going to be just another strategic ally for the us . 
  actually your last sentence sums up everything . 
  there is no future for syria anymore, 
  you are in the right track . 
  welldone . 
  `` islamists doing islamist things '' is offensive and you should not judge someone because of his/her nationality . 
  this is racism . 
  also , you are calling someone who denies genocide claims as `` islamist '' who does `` islamist things '' . 
  wow . 
  be careful with your sweet mind, 
  omg you really called it `` close ally to turkey '' ahahahaha :d you are so fucked up and by the way i was almost crying when i saw your three dots and independence emphasis in bold . 
  i love your ignorant euro-centric mind . 
  by the way , i was not threatening you , just telling you whats going to happen to you , which i do n't want actually . 
  i believe your brain has just burned or something . 
  `` islamists doing islamist things '' ??!?!, 
  wtf ? 
  your next sentence is `` heil hitler '' i guess, 
  in my opinion , russia is trying to eliminate all alternatives until the only option to ceasefire for the west is to negotiate with assad . 
  i just want to say that , people are concentrating on `` war against isis '' too much , in a way that , we forget that all other actors within the geography are fighting against isis . 
  so , when one side appears to be passive about dealing with isis , we evaluate them as `` isis-supporters '' or `` dubious '' , rather than seeing the power bargains between each other . 
  yes it is . 
  let me say that again : the independence you talk about is `` meaningless '' . 
  but never mind . 
  just enjoy your european-style life set . 
  you may miss it afterwards , who knows ... maybe there will be 86956775867 kurdish family who wants to share your house , your car , and your gdp . 
  i can say the same thing to professor chomsky and to all people who are foreigners to such issues . 
  have you seen turkey ? 
  even once ? 
  have you observed the kurds and their daily lives ? 
  i 'm well aware of your mind set , and you are clearly false and wrong about analyzing de facto situation . 
  turkey is not acting like the kurds do n't exist , but there are mistakes in our history . 
  and the black people were also oppressed and murdered inside us , are they declaring independence , ha ? 
  the ones who want to declare independence are the ones who belong to pkk . 
  terrorists are not the only representatives of one specific minority . 
  there is no common kurdish will to fight against turkey for a meaningless independence . 
  ohh my friend you should visit eastern turkey and after consider your text again, 
  yes , and that 's because since the russian jet has been downed , tr is pretty cautious about crossing the syrian border . 
  and it is highly possible that any air strike may result with getting into conflict with russians . 
  by the way , i ca n't see russians achieving air strikes against isis either . 
  also there are some incidents that the russians bombed civilians for multiple times . 
  if that is fighting against isis , i 'm not sure who we can truly count on ... 
  turkey-syria border is 877 km long . 
  who are you to say that dont fight in syria ? 
  `` imperialist venture '' thing is another thing to discuss, 
  and you should fight isis in your own country , not in syria ? 
  i think the eu , and especially france , greece and cyprus made the most damage to tr 's membership by using their veto in many areas of consensus . 
  if tr could join by 2006 or 2007 , everything would be so different . 
  time delay made us more schizophrenic and alone , for both akp government and all opposition parties . 
  as a country , we are divided into two , and both 50 % turkish people see the other half as traitors . 
  europeans call us `` definitely not european '' , and we do n't belong to the east either . 
  russia seem to attack us at the first glance , and nato wo n't help because of so-called `` relations with isis '' . 
  turkey was not obliged to take the refugees in , according to the agreement that we signed in 1930s or so but i do n't remember the name . 
  but we did take them in . 
  treating tr as a `` foreigner yet the best guy to throw refugees in '' approach is not ethical in the sense of both diplomacy and conscience . 
  now is the time that the eu should be acting accordingly with tr . 
  it is obvious that having disputes wo n't help europe , and even will make things worse . 
  erdogan keeps it simple : i do n't need your 3 billion - i already spent 10 billion until today , and i can do it without you - i 'm not obliged to keep the refugees in - the eu is not trustful when it comes to tr 's membership - you can not treat me as a third world country by saying `` we welcomed you like a prince '' - if you really insist on the refugee fee , why not make it 3 billion each year ? 
  so , erdogan 's hand is more powerful at the bargaining table . 
  i do n't support erdogan but this is my abstract vision of realism . 
  kurds are being used as puppets and they could n't realize it yet . 
  i predict a `` game of thrones '' kind of ending for them . 
  it appears to me that kurds are going to be thrown away right after the power vacuum ends at the particular geography . 
  it is obvious , russia is using kurds as a strategic tool to break down tr-nato relations , and us behaving accordingly to this strategy . 
   military is generally considered hard power , not soft . 
  military is always considered as hard power , lol, 
  turkey is waiting to join since 1980s , so why not wait for 30 years more ? 
  people do n't get assassinated in eu ? 
  wtf, 
  oh sherlock you did it again, 
  deal with it, 
  actually turkey is way much better than those poor post-soviet states . 
  ( except democractic concerns of the last decade ),
