  turkey would supply the needed military power for extension of the second pillar , nothing much, 
  whatever ... greece was a bad idea , so was spain and portugal, 
  and there was no plan b, 
  i guess privatization do not favour the masses , so the left and center-left parties ( syriza included ) would oppose such giant private company operating in ports . 
  just ca n't believe how many times the government has changed its discourse on israel, 
  the head of turkish diyanet functions as a `` pawn '' who gives speeches in order to justify head of government 's argument . 
  before a decade , the head of turkish diyanet used to have a secular rhetoric . 
  their position changes according to the ruling party 's ideology , thats all , not a big deal . 
  antibiotic madness led to mad bacterias , indeed . 
  yannis varoufakis was talking about that last week . 
  i 'm sure chinese occupation will create a giant greek opposition . 
  the govt . 
  wont be able to handle it, 
  as a turk , i want this dispute to be vanished forever , and be able to drink with my cypriot friends, 
  most of the time , what tr and gre jets do is `` dogfight '' , nothing serious happening for decades, 
  since a turkish jet was downed by syrian forces two years ago , turkish military announced the new rules ( according to int . 
  law ) which was declaring at least 10 kilometers cross-border as `` no-fly zone '' . 
  the russian jet was shot because tr forces were warning the russian pilot since he violated the no-fly zone and was about to enter tr border as we see in this map : http://img.haberler.com/haber/197/dusurulen-ucakla-ilgili-tsk-dan-aciklama-5-7904197_9977_m.jpg and it was downed when it was passing through that tiny bulge tr land , 
  when i consider that still there are many serbian politicians and soldiers who should be trialed for violating human rights during bosnian civil war , i ca n't believe this negotiations are happening . 
  shut up and push the button for f sake, 
  i joined reddit 3 days ago , thats why, 
  because putin has a photo doing taekwondo ? 
  for three days i 'm trying to attract some attention to this surveillance issue , and at last someone could do some progress, 
  and the true tragedy is , this heading was served in a website called `` hotnews '', 
  having that pm among those macho mps is a rare coincidence . 
  no words to describe 0:07, 
  if we apply a `` democracy and human rights '' test to turkey , the result is gon na be a failure . 
  and yes , erdogan and his crew harmed the society severely , and will do so . 
  but we also should not forget the fact that turkey is under stress for 31 years , this means every government has ever formed faced with the hard conditions of politics under terror threats . 
  is hdp a democratic/civic alternative ? 
  first of all , hdp is a pro-kurdish party which has close ties with pkk , and everyone knows this . 
  so , it is the alternative for some kurdish people in south-eastern region , other than jdp . 
  is this party democratic ? 
  well , i can assure you that if you compare any other political party with jdp , all seem democratic anyway . 
  this is fucked up . 
  by the way , please search more on pkk issue , because the issue is so big to cover in just one reply , and i need to practice for my presentation today . 
  one fact : most majority of heroine passes through turkey in its way towards europe , and pkk has the control of drug smuggling for the last 20 years , and they do it with weapons they acquire from god knows where . 
  you can check interpol and europol datas . 
  i was talking in the context of turkey , of course you are right , the numbers are horrifying in syria & iraq, 
  as a turkish citizen , i want to express my thoughts about contemporary issues we have so far . 
  first of all , i 'm voting against erdogan since i 'm able to vote ( since over 18 years old ) . 
  the last election result was a big shock for me , and almost lost my power to resist against erdogan . 
  i want turkey to join eu , but not in these conditions . 
  `` rule of law '' is lost , cencorship is high , the opposition is being suppressed , our country is under serious terror threats , and we are facing with all kinds of terrorist attacks more than 30 years . 
  i welcome syrian refugees , because i understand their tragedy . 
  they are escaping to turkey and europe , because they were raped , their towns no longer exist , they were threatened to leave their country , and they need help . 
  i am ready to share as much as i can . 
  right now , a civil war is happening in south-eastern turkey , and those little towns are looking just like the syrian towns day-by-day . 
  i 'm terrified by the thought that , my country will be lost because of this contagious-dark-vicious terror wave . 
  and please show some respect to `` others '' and `` people in great danger '' ( especially some of you ) . 
  i am no longer able to think about how to resist erdogan , just thinking about how much can all these go worse . 
  the dispute between tr govt . 
  and pkk ( kurdish-nationalist terror org . ), 
  resulted as 7946 tr soldier deaths , 4828 civillian deaths , and 41902 terrrorist deaths , until now . 
  the bombings of isis resulted as over 150 deaths so far . 
  comparing numbers would be an unmoral thing to do , since all lives are precious . 
  but one also should not treat the two issues as identical conflicts . 
  tr is fighting against pkk for 31 years in a different geography and for different causations ( seperatist actions etc. 
  ) , whereas isis is radical-islamist terror organization against all regional powers in middle east . 
  in turkey , building enourmous-sized mosques became justice and development party 's big political fantasy . 
  also they prefer to build these on strategic places which used to be the most prefered socializing centers for citizens . 
  for example , they are building a mosque on top of a hill called '' \u00c7aml\u0131ca '' where people used to drink rak\u0131 ( turkish national drink ) and enjoy the great view of bosphorus . 
  also they are planning to build another in kad\u0131k\u00f6y right near the docks , planning to block the view again . 
  well , this was the first time that eu commission delayed a progress report on a candidate state . 
  also , the last summit with turkey shows how eu is ready to play it dirty . 
  it has been told that eu will put 500 million by itself , and the remaining 2.5 billion will be collected by member states in voluntary basis . 
  even they give tr 3 billion liras , it is not the permanent solution . 
  holding 3 + million refugees is a challenging task . 
  it appears to me that , just like in the movies , when a guy gets killed , people call some dark men to get rid of the body , this is how it goes . 
  by the way , i saw the picture putin have the black box from the downed russian jet on his table . 
  turkish govt . 
  released the radar route , and us approved , so what putin will do with it ? 
  play some ? 
  wow thanks , i 'll read them . 
  the thing is some of my pro-turkish friends always love jobbik for its turanism , so i thought russians should n't be engaging with them, 
  yeah sounds like a fungus lobbyist trying to bubble up some fungus conspiracy theory, 
  jobbik , the right-wing party from hungary ? 
  just another no-win scenario, 
  in the economic sense , dealing with greece is harder than the refugees . 
  why so serious ? 
  and you think you know everything , do n't you ? 
  go and play with your modern welfare state plz, 
  so the civillians are just unnecessary details ... 
  education is a fundamental right . 
  in south-eastern region of turkey , the government is supplying elementary education for syrian children . 
  public schools are organized accordingly . 
  even , they have arabic language classes . 
  by the way , there are 3 million syrian refugees in turkey . 
  i wonder which european country is being obliged to take more refugees than its population . 
  or , do you mean every non-christian or ethnically non-european people by saying `` foreigners '' ? 
  bcz that would be racist . 
  if you stop concerning for the other parts of the world , the problems are going to hit you . 
  turkey has 3 million syrian refugees , should she get rid of them ? 
  should she send everyone untill she have only native turks ? 
  as a turkish citizen , i dont support erdogan , and know that the journalists who wrote about secret weapon delivery from turkish intelligence department to syria ( location unknown ) are jailed . 
  but , i think that iraqi pm is not a reliable source , since iraqi govt . 
  has always been sounded like pro-russia or pro-us , its easy to blame turkey for anything , as long as they are backed up by the big powers, 
  i think blaming eu for every problem is the way how right-wing parties gain support , and these time periods will be occasional . 
  european citizens have the ability to make the right choice , eventually . 
  well put,
