  well my friend , what you call `` europe '' is known for human rights , rule of law etc. 
  defining `` the others '' as `` not european '' does n't kick them out from `` humanity '' sphere , right ? 
  if you continue this , you may not be proud of `` being european '' in the next 5 years, 
  i 'm making a masters degree on european studies , and as a citizen of a country which is making accession talks with eu makes me european , yes , you should know the consequences of such xenophobic thoughts you have like the far-right swedish violence in your country, 
  anyone seeing the uneuropeanness behind these acts ? 
  ` tigris shield ' is coming soon ... 
  i 'm am worried for you , since there is a british military base in your country . 
  they can apply for a `` reconsideration '' via state courts , however it may take couple of months to recover those who are mistakenly fired , as court actions take long time . 
  they should reach to an agreement before china becomes number one , anyway . 
  it is the worst time for a lausanne treaty debate , since our state institutions and the military are under investigation . 
  i hope that this useless debate would end before other states tell any other comments on this . 
  leaders should be smart on things they tell . 
  if erdogan says `` refugees place is in europe '' , what can a sucker like sarkozy do about it ? 
  would you praise him for orienting an eu-candidate country towards shitty holes of middle east ? 
  europe wo n't be able to sleep if turks can not so . 
  lol , how come ? 
  this is an interesting area of research on how a terrorist organization became successful propaganda-seller to the most democratic region of the world . 
  ypg should run for at least 45 km long , otherwise turkish howitzers would destroy ypg groups . 
  ooops , there are also turkish jets , sorry . 
  secular democratic kurds work really hard to get europe 's sympathy . 
  i think the us would not choose ypg/pkk over its 50-years-long nato ally, 
  i think your emphasis on `` stability '' is quite important . 
  `` vacuum of power '' is something that regional powers need to get rid of when it comes to middle east . 
  and only turkey is able to demonstrate the needed stabilizing role in the region , thanks to its stronger ties with the super powers . 
  yet , international politics is so volatile at this time , and i hope turkey would be able to shape out her strategies mindfully, 
  in next days , we will see a clear positioning from all sides on turkey vs. ypg/pkk conflict . 
  because this operation can be viewed as the most strategic move towards stopping the pyd/pkk corridor ( kurdish corridor ) . 
  and i hope that turkish forces will be victorious , and from now on turkey can manipulate the international response on its favour . 
  i say the turks in germany are making a classic performance , of course ` classic ' things does n't apply for all , right ? 
  besides , what about the armenian diaspora ? 
  i know that denying the armenian genocide is a ` crime ' in france . 
  this is also a sign for ultra-nationalism and its efforts through lobbying in the name of a country . 
  if their countries experience civil war or refugee flux they will show same reactions . 
  this is just a classic minority psychology . 
  no , refugees affect schengen . 
  in other words , free movement of people ( check single european act-1986 ) will be lifted if security concerns gain more weight than ` union ' values . 
  i 'm very worried about the purge and young soldiers who just obeyed the their generals . 
  however , the failed coup showed that gulen 's networks , or so-called ` parallel state ' , is a serious reality , and there has to be some concrete measures to be taken . 
  lets say , gulen 's group is number 1 . 
  number 2 is terrorism . 
  so , there are pkk 's attacks , which result approximately 4-5 soldier deaths in daily basis , and there is isis terror and the latest attack was in atat\u00fcrk airport as we know . 
  number 3 is authoritarianism/failing institutions/lack of rule of law/lack of meritocracy/and other problems concerning freedom of speech etc. 
  akp 's rule is neither getting more democratic nor the opposition is getting stronger . 
  the nationalist party voters are moving towards akp , and the worst is the fact that one-party rule does n't bring stability , instead the chaos is continuing to rise . 
  turkey is known for having second largest army in nato , however the army has been damaged severely in the late incidents , and now the military high schools have been closed down . 
  the businessmen who are declared as having connections with gulen are getting arrested , and we do not know whether the government is doing it based on concrete evidences . 
  foreign direct investments will be leaving turkey in any case , and turkey wo n't be joining ttip , or any future western alliances . 
  so , we have great problems about our vision and positioning in our geography . 
  by the way , where are you from ? 
  well , things are changing way more quickly in our times . 
  the diplomatic crisis with israel and russia were resolved in less than a week , after erdogan stepped in via sending letters etc. 
  so , the uighur issue is easy to get rid off . 
  send the uighurs to china , and problems solved . 
  india has lots of things to do before we call her a super power or something . 
  and still india 's stance concerning the middle east is irrelevant . 
  yes , china has been less engaged in the geopolitical games of the region , however ttip will be the pushing force for russia and china to get into action , and maybe even to establish an alternative economic sphere against the ttip and tpp . 
  and turkey would be the first choice for partnership . 
  today , having oil and gas gives lots of advantages , but a country like turkey does n't need rich natural resources , because the positioning makes a lot of sense if russia or china have plans over eastern mediterranean , caucasus , eastern europe , middle east and north africa . 
  save schengen before it falls apart due to the refugee crisis . 
  by the way , can you send me some chocolates ? 
  thanks, 
  i think , when we speak about emergency issues or harsh realities of geopolitics , ` modern democratic society ' sounds abstract . 
  in the turkish context , the country is having serious problems concerning her survival . 
  turkey is not trying to manage only the refugee crisis for her own sake or the eu 's , actually turkey have many major threats and ` refugee ' is not even the 3rd one . 
  i am sober . 
  thanks, 
  first 3 is being payed slowly . 
  and there will be another 3 , maybe more ? 
  i am not sure . 
  3 +3 +3 +3 ... wo n't solve it , anyway . 
  that guy is the only guy to save your ass . 
  the funny thing is , the eu has been paying turkey lots of money ( 3 billion is nothing , come'on ) since turkey has became a candidate country in 1999 . 
  why people are so fucking annoyed about the 3 ? 
  i respect . 
  but this geography does n't . 
  we ca n't all get bankrupt at the same time . 
  turkey and iran have never been in the same road . 
  in next weeks , we will see the greatest u-turn in diplomatic history . 
  i think there will be an interesting negotiation between turkey and the us concerning the control of the nukes . 
  turkey will offer a take-it-or-leave-it offer , than maybe quit nato . 
  that symbiotic relationship is fading away i guess . 
  the turkish government is questioning the west 's feelings towards her , since the failed coup raised questions over the us ' and the eu 's standings towards gulen . 
  i wonder how many steps does turkey have in quitting its partnership with the west . 
  you ca n't afford the fuel , though . 
  idk, 
  f-16 jets are constantly bombing ankara, 
  turkish jets are flying over ankara . 
  we are experiencing a military coup . 
  and the eu 's every fta signed with the third parties are bad news for turkey , as the trade diversion is being multiplied . 
  that customs union is a bitch . 
  this decision is just an advisory opinion to the council , but sure an important political signal . 
  i think freezing accession talks is not wise since turkey is in a critical juncture in both political and economic terms . 
  the decision only serves for turkey to become even more agressive in the refugee deal and so-called drifting away from european world . 
  besides , there will be a meeting in 2017 covering the revision of the customs union btw . 
  turkey and the eu . 
  if this deal fails too , we would see the damage on both sides at the most serious level . 
  reading about the eu 's turkey policy since the attempted coup is like watching a car crash in slow motion . 
  [ removed ], 
  nowadays , eu parliament is discussing the new data privacy proposal by the commission . 
  for the last two weeks , i 've been searching on personal data protection directives ( starting from '95 to ' 09 ) , and realized that its a very controversial issue , since ecj revoked the umbrella agreement with us and '06 data retention directive .
