you are hopeless . 
  you talk like this was the first time in history where you see a flag removal . 
  relax, 
  on one side , there is a decades-long violent dispute , on the other , a removal of a flag from memorial . 
  i claim that you would n't be that much offended if a swiss activist does the same thing . 
  and here is my actual point : you are being overly offensive against muslim people , and this is shameless . 
  i think it is unjust to react without knowing the background . 
  maybe the woman is a palestinian whom family was a victim of israeli bombard in the past . 
  and maybe because of that she decided to remove that flag from the memorial , as it reminds her tragedy . 
  by the way , some reddit fellas are using offensive language against muslims and this is not cool at all . 
  tak and pkk are just the same thing . 
  thank you for your understanding . 
  i just can not handle people 's attitude towards my country . 
  we have been suffering from terrorism for a long time and i 'm easily loosing my temper on this issue . 
  that ankara bombing could hit me also , if i choosed to take the next bus on that day . 
  i think that we should be supporting each other , and care about each other 's concerns . 
  http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/ankara-bomber-identified-as-24-year-old-pkk-member.aspx?pageid=238&amp;nid=96486&amp;newscatid=509 what else do you need to change your mind ? 
  this is what happened 9 days ago in ankara . 
  pkk bombed `` bus station '' with `` civillians '' in it . 
  you still supporting those terrorists after all these ? 
  when the two pkk bombers killed over 50 people in ankara , people in reddit said that this is not terrorism this is war because you guys are fighting with pkk . 
  now you ready to call this `` war '' instead of terrrorism while fighting isis in syria ? 
  karma happens, 
  besides it is not easy to track down all terrorist cells . 
  abdelsalam was found through a suspicious pizza delivery . 
  crazy times we living in . 
  turkey bombing secular kurds ? 
  wtf , where the hell did you hear this ? 
  they assisted ypg in syria and now pkk have tons of explosives to use in daily basis . 
  i blame all the countries which support ypg/pkk for this bombing . 
  france ... never enough drunk to make sense out of it, 
  a russian site tells ttip ai n't democratic and i want to jerk the mindset in it . 
  cheers, 
  you are right , but also consider turkey 's psychology during syrian war . 
  turkey is being threatened by russia , , and in some respect iran , and need the western political cooperation ties in order to survive , and turkey is doing her best to take the highest deal because the country likely to suffer in economic terms in near future if turkey wo n't be participating in ttip deal . 
  oh sure turkey will be dealing lots of things in near future . 
  you should be worried about the coming accession lol, 
  omg turkey 's accession becoming true xd you guys are screwed !, 
  that turkish accession story is becoming more interesting everyday . 
  as a non-european , i fucking love europe, 
  old statues used as life insurance for the first time in history, 
  you pay and life goes on, 
  that judge has balls i 'm telling ya, 
  brace yourselves , summer is coming ... 
  you got owned by the ottomans for 500-something years and still bitching, 
  but due to turkey 's customs union with the eu , if ttip is signed without turkey , american goods will be able to sent to turksih market while turkish goods can not enter the us . 
  an alternative solution for turkey is that to sign another trade agreement with the us , however this will just strenghten us ' hand at bargaining table . 
  besides , there is a political aspect of a situation like this . 
  turkey would be left `` alone '' and may not be able to survive in an uncertain environment like this one . 
  she is over-reacting against the military officers and thats unnecessary as there is a war going on in that little town called `` sur '' . 
  and there is no air strike at all , which dropping bombs is she talking about ? 
  and its still not enough . 
  i think the existing threat level exceeds turkish intelligence 's capability , so that one suicide bomber succeedes in every 2-3 months . 
  i really wonder if turkey will be participating in ttip or not . 
  as a turk , being `` macho '', 
  now turkey is building a `` wall '' on its is border , i guess its nearly done , so what would you suggest ? 
  well no one claims turkey is the perfect candidate . 
  the eu wo n't accept turkey 's accession , and of course turkey is not european . 
  turkey is a hybrid country between the east and the west . 
  you can see elements from both . 
  but one must accept that the eu countries are not the best examples at all . 
  bribery and corruption is in everywhere . 
  the latest incident about sarkozy and his hidden financial aid during election campaign supports this argument . 
  also do you know what 's happening at the eu 's borders ? 
  over 90 percent of heroine in europe comes from turkey , and its increasing every year . 
  european border officers are paid well i guess . 
  corrupt border officials always existed in syrian border . 
  sure they will cooperate with anyone nearby as long as they are getting bribed . 
  is there a such democratic british profile in the eu ? 
  do nigel farage and his party represent such critique on democratic deficit ? 
  is that why varoufakis support the uk 's presence ? 
  as a citizen , i 'm okay with that . 
  syrians will be isolated and discriminated in europe , and sure they will be radicalized . 
  turkey is located between the east and the west , and enjoy elements from both sides in social context . 
  so , turkey is able to offer a more familiar environment for them , since we have historical bounds via ottoman e. and fiscal power to look for them . 
  but when it comes to educating and housing those refugees , i 'm not sure if turkish government will be able to manage this situation in an ideal way . 
  i do n't get it . 
  by having so many opt-outs , britain is not a fully-integrated member of the eu . 
  besides , uk is ready to allign with us in many aspects , especially on trade and foreign security . 
  i guess the eu needs uk so much for cfsp concerns , and that was the bargaining power the uk enjoyed during the brexit talks , and got the best deal . 
  omg , for the ones who do n't know , the guy is from \u0130zmir , one of the most secular towns in turkey , and i ca n't believe it :d also there was another guy couple of years ago who said he loves erdogan so much that he wo n't be jealous if he catches his wife with erdogan in their bedroom . 
  thats fucked up, 
  euroskepticism may end up with xenophobia and racism in many european countries , i think that 's why they are so suspicious about the skeptics . 
  as i know , in hungary and sweden there are rising racist rhetoric targeting the refugees . 
  but of course , cologne incident and many others are motivating euroskeptics to go even further , and they are right , though . 
  send them to turkey , erdogan is ready to take them all if you pay , anyway, 
  well put . 
  if this is liberalism just forget about it . 
  i mean the ones not even considered as teenagers, 
  what about all those lost syrian children in europe ? 
  the number was 10.000 or so, 
  these two are negotiating ttip right now , though, 
  fuck this , turkey should enter syria and let the third world war begin, 
  an hour ago i was listening to a former intelligence top officer 's speech about the incident , and he said `` the explosion reminds me the 2003 al-qaeda attacks in \u0130stanbul . 
  the same ingredient , fertilizer , is most probably used in today 's terrorist attack '' ; so he 's saying that isis seems to be the possible suspect . 
  but i still claim that pkk did this . 
  pkk wanted to take revenge of the last shelling incidents in northern syria . 
  our government officials are not yet to be sure about it . 
  they are just expressing how furious they are . 
  the moment of the explosion http://www.dha.com.tr/dhavideogaleri.asp?vid=1140670,
