i support this because it seems remainers are being completely ignored in favour of hard brexit . 
  https://www.theguardian.com/australia-news/2016/aug/10/the-nauru-files-2000-leaked-reports-reveal-scale-of-abuse-of-children-in-australian-offshore-detention the australian model is n't a good thing either . 
  and the australian government is complicit in trying to cover this up . 
  they passed a law banning people from reporting on what things are like there in 2014 . 
  well done the netherlands . 
  a result good for the world and for europe . 
  from my perspective brexit means loss of freedom . 
  people make choices and they chase opportunity . 
  life is too short , and i understand why he wants to get out . 
  companies have the whole eu to recruit from where they do n't need to sponsor visas . 
  some countries also have a labour market test as well , requiring companies to prove that they could n't find a suitable eu candidate first . 
  that hurdle exists even for skilled people . 
  my reaction here is that i understand that their life is shit but leaving the eu is not the solution . 
  their region needs investment and retraining for new jobs , because face it , coal mining is never coming back . 
  ever . 
  it 's even worse when you will lose all your opportunities for working in europe like i have hoped to do for a couple of years now . 
  i definitely am angry about it . 
  at least i did my part here and was able to vote `` no '' on the question of leaving the eu . 
  i 'm wishing i lived in the republic right now . 
  less stupid government , and they 're not leaving the eu . 
  career not in the right place to just go and leave . 
  in 2 years , sure . 
  but then i might need to apply for a visa and why would a company hire you if they could just find an eu citizen to do it ? 
  this is good news . 
  i think there should be a choice ( and a price ) to keep eu citizenship . 
  as a long standing eu member uk citizens have ` naturalized ' in the eu as citizens already . 
  what proposals are being thrown around , other than the ` pay individual dues to the eu to keep your rights and citizenship ' idea being suggested as a possibility by verhofstadt and others ? 
  am curious to find out . 
  i 'm praying something to help us who did n't want to leave the eu out can be arranged . 
  i never asked for these rights to be taken away from me . 
  realistically an easier to get work visa for 18-35 's ( like no labour market test needed or something ) + easier paths to citizenship would be more likely to happen . 
  and i hope that something like that would happen ( keeping my expectations as low as possible here ) . 
  yep , i want to be free to work in the rest of europe but the government is hell bent on destroying such opportunities for us . 
  where 's the freedom and hope resulting from brexit ? 
  our government also wants to censor perfectly legal porn featuring consenting individuals so yeah , freedom . 
  i 'm going to look for work in europe . 
  you guys are pretty sane . 
  not just because of that . 
  there are many other reasons , including brexit and failing and underfunded services . 
  also the creeping authoritarianism which the eu and echr protects against . 
  the state should n't play the role of parent . 
  more and better education on these issues is what 's needed, 
  this is why theresa wants out of the eu and echr so badly . 
  this country is fucked . 
  so glad we freed ourselves from the oppressive eu / s, 
  remain campaign clearly missed a trick . 
  they should have said `` remain in the eu for the sake of the porn '' . 
  how are they going to force reddit/tumblr/pornhub , etc. , who are all foreign tech companies to block access to the porn , lol . 
  their response will be rightfully `` fuck off '' . 
  the government should n't play the role of a person 's parents . 
  ahh , the `` freedoms '' granted by brexit are beautiful . 
  reciprocal treatment . 
  eu citizens ca n't move to canada without a work permit , so canadian citizens ca n't move to the eu without a work permit . 
  likewise , if the uk caps the amount of work permits given to eu citizens , the eu will likewise do the same . 
  as someone who wants to move to germany in future this pisses me off but it 's unfortunately what people voted for for some reason . 
  `` we knew what we were voting for ! '', 
  meanwhile : https://twitter.com/britainelects/status/858735321827205121 51 % of people polled by yougov wish to remain members of the single market . 
  30 april 2017 poll . 
  who 's `` we '' ? 
  you do n't speak for me . 
  all these things , i will truly miss . 
  i have met many canadians , etc. 
  who would love to have free movement with the eu for instance . 
  i hope we shall remain extremely close friends and neighbours and not be as cut off from the continent we all share as our politicians seem to want us to be . 
  daily mail going full akp supporter . 
  in london ? 
  no , not at all . 
  rest of england and wales though ... 
  if anything people in my professional circles are even more pro-eu now that passions have been inflamed . 
  * the far-right fails in their goals for 2017 , with 2016 being merely a temporary setback for liberal values . 
  * liberals come out with a new strategy and fight back properly and earn trust back from those swing voters who can be convinced to go back * uk does n't leave the eu . 
  failing that , the uk accepts the 4 freedoms . 
  * build a proper plan to restore growth to spain , greece , etc. 
  * bring prosperity to all . 
  more growth and jobs . 
  i would like this . 
  i think with the greater economic connections between different countries free movement between countries in the same geographical area and similar economies is the way forward . 
  it brings great personal freedoms and more opportunities . 
  canada may be too geographically distant to economically integrate with , but if not full free movement then have a lax work visa regime in place as part of a wider trade deal . 
  australia and new zealand has something like this , their citizens can automatically get permanent residence for each other 's countries . 
  yep , i personally hope to live and work in europe but it looks like the brexiters will make this much harder for me . 
  sweden , germany , netherlands , norway . 
  sweden , the netherlands and norway would be my top choices because of how many people can speak english well , so the difficulty in adapting will be eased somewhat until i can learn the language . 
  berlin , stockholm or prague . 
  great nightlife for a young person in berlin or prague . 
  much better than london where i live , where things are closing left and right . 
  heard nice things about stockholm as well . 
  free healthcare . 
  almost everything is paid for by the taxpayer , and when you do have to pay , it does n't cost very much . 
  i like the swedish ones . 
  - invest in safe , clean and comfortable places for refugees to be housed , protected by the eu/un . 
  - adopt the canadian approach of taking refugees . 
  set up a place where prospects can apply to the eu as a whole , go through a vetting process in order to catch terrorists , then after approval , they will be distributed across the eu . 
  no documents means no chance of asylum . 
  - secure the outer eu borders and send back anyone that cross . 
  emphasize that to apply , they must go to one of those safe spots that have been set up and stay there . 
  - provide foreign aid to countries that most migrants are from , actively work to make things better there so less people feel they need to come over . 
  - turn away all economic migrants and people who do n't qualify for asylum . 
  make it clear that there are legal routes that they must go through , and what conditions they have to meet . 
  - teach all new refugees a course about european culture and social norms , and make it clear that acting against these is unacceptable .
