  racist . 
  off with your head !, 
  i do n't think it really matters what country you 're born in . 
  if you 're an ultra introvert like i am , some people feel the need to point it out and ostracise you for it . 
  i hate football as well and always get flak for it from my pals . 
  not english and manly enough apparently . 
  is there * any * progress on an australian-style immigration system for the eu or is that just never happening ? 
  because something has to give eventually . 
  even if immigration was halted today , we still have a looming disaster on our hands as the millions of immigrants currently here start to multiply and fail to integrate . 
  anyone who slightly criticises you sensitive crybabies is considered a troll here . 
  can you see past your stomach ? 
  all talk and posturing . 
  it 's called the * british * isles for a reason , mate . 
  back to basics for you . 
   illegal invasion a country ca n't invade territory it already owns . 
  back to basics for you , mate . 
  they are wrong . 
  it 's ok , i much prefer my view though http://i.imgur.com/faisst8.jpg, 
  uk free at last . 
  at least estonia is a little lenient . 
  spain could n't afford a war . 
  because the deportation process in europe in general is a complete joke . 
  deportation should mean being locked up immediately until a flight is ready to deport you , not being given a piece of paper and allowed on your merry way to disappear . 
  immigration , borders , deporation , everything is a complete disaster in the eu and will be its eventual downfall if nothing is done . 
  i 've been there and returned fat . 
  and where is that today ? 
  europe still exists . 
  why on earth would assad do that ? 
  this whole story is complete bullshit . 
  the rest of the world would disagree with you . 
  good luck trying to rewrite basic geography . 
  just what are you insinuating here ? 
  completely redundant . 
  it 's like saying `` iberian and portuguese peninsula '' . 
  both spain and portugal are iberian just as the british isles are british . 
  ridiculous people are even arguing this basic fact . 
  where civilisation began . 
  and it 's only going to grow from here , 
  it looks like i can eat it . 
  they are absolutely right . 
  as london 's mayor [ sadiq khan said ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/sadiq-khan-london-mayor-terrorism-attacks-part-and-parcel-major-cities-new-york-bombing-a7322846.html ) about the recent london attacks : `` terror attacks are part and parcel of living in a big city '' . 
  just get used to it . 
  it 's the norm now . 
  kool obzervation , bro . 
  uk too ? 
  if people think front national is `` far right '' , they 're in for quite a shock when the * real * far right parties start taking hold in europe in the next 10 years or so . 
  just knowing that he 's seen this is hilarious . 
  these will eventually be phased out in favour of ode to joy . 
  not gon na lie , would like to see the nice blue passports again . 
  why bulbs ? 
  leds can mimic the light temp of incandescents now . 
   family-run fireworks factory i think i found the problem . 
  you sure someone is n't stealing it ? 
  i hear he has to stand on a box when making speeches because the podium is too tall . 
  keep burying that head deeper , mate . 
  surprised you have n't gone on your childish troll rant yet . 
  and they will vote no next time as well . 
  whipping people up into a brexit fear is not going to work . 
  the british isles are better together out of eu looking after our * own * interests . 
  you did n't count for the [ mercator projection ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercator_projection ) when cutting and pasting . 
  the baltics are a lot smaller than that . 
  tisk tisk , shame on you , sweden . 
  i thought you were europe 's poster child for immigrant integration . 
  you tell us everything is going so well there but the stats never lie , even though your government tries so desperately to cover it up . 
  ca n't keep hiding the ugly truth forever you know . 
  it 's only going to get worse . 
  that would have come in very handy during the war . 
  they fail to mention that many attacks are ** by ** illegal economic immigrants themselves . 
  how many attacks and robberies against the native population by illegal economic migrants i wonder ? 
  does n't pull the care bears ' heart strings as much i suppose . 
  piss off , you lot . 
  we invented tesla . 
   it should go ahead imo absolutely not . 
  a minority do not get to decide the integrity of * our * territory . 
  in the extremely unlikely event that there ever was a referendum , it should be a uk-wide one . 
  practically 100 % would vote * no * to handing over even 1cm of our territory to that lot . 
  this is n't like the scottish independence referendum , which is a completely different situation . 
  lol, 
  when you take millions of people from the red parts and dump them in the blue parts , they too become red over time . 
  it 's one seriously dangerous experiment europe is running right now . 
  i ca n't find anything about this guy , is he even real ? 
  [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mnxywtn.png ) is what came up for reverse image search . 
  the sun has clearly gone to his head !, 
  ridiculous statement . 
  the island was nothing more than a few primitive tribes fighting with each other over cattle . 
  they did n't even * know * what a government or civilised , structured society meant . 
  it was only after we created that for them did they betray and bite our hand . 
  this will end well . . 
  the island has always been of strategic importance to the mainland but is not and has never been economically viable because of the people . 
  with the north , we keep strategic dominance over the island without having the economical burden of the entire island . 
  gibraltar is british and always will be . 
  get used to it . 
  just russia things . 
  not a country , never has been and no signs of that changing anytime soon . 
  the delusion of this sub has reached new heights . 
  he sure knows how to rile the crowd and get free press . 
  just look at everyone in this sub getting triggered about it . 
  one must really question the intelligence of this echo chamber . 
  this sub is so out of touch , it 's hilarious . 
  * brexit will never happen !,
