  they are the real victims of society . 
  it 's not really their fault if they are pushed to commit such acts . 
  i like the [ norwegian prison model ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wghdgr4aqou ) , they have very quick turnaround for rehabilitation . 
  in europe there could be a special safe rehabilitation home for terrorists which would reward them for good behaviour , perhaps a sort of safe mosque to allow them to practice their religion . 
  this would rehabilitate them very quickly so they could be released back into society , 
  the flag flair . 
  and also mental help assistance for the perpetrators to make sure they do n't do it again . 
  we must n't forget that there are victims on both sides :(, 
  we can only fight terrorism with love and peace . 
  do n't let them get to you . 
  oh , how adorably naive . 
  this is just the beginning . 
  they could just buy estonia . 
  sad to see so much discrimination , racism and anti-everythingism these days . 
  i wonder where it 's all coming from . 
  he 's right though . 
  i wish there was a feature to ignore by flag flair because most posts i read under that rag are of very low quality . 
  because they know that deserting the union and stabbing the rest of the british isles in the back is n't working out for their failed provincial experiment . 
  the result was wrong . 
  they want another . 
  i 've some advice for you : keep your currency . 
  you 're going to need it . 
  well , yes , the flag would narrow it down for most people with even half a brain cell . 
  i guarantee you i am more educated about your country than the average murican . 
  for starters , i can point to it on a map . 
   1 . has no right to sovereignty , 2 . is a parasite or is 3 . basically the uk 1 . because a vast majority of brits never agreed to it , 2 . it 's a tax haven leaching of eu taxpayers and bailouts , 3 . it 's culturally 100 % the same as uk . 
  these are all points i and a lot people here would agree with so why on earth would i want to ` develop some nuance ' ? 
  again , the world does n't evolve around you , mate , and i 'm not going to change my opinion just because it offends a bunch of overly sensitive crybabies . 
  me too , mate . 
  ` appy sain ' george 's . 
  it 's a complete embarrassment . 
  sneaky !, 
  no offence , matey , but i would n't be taking any observations from you . 
  no offence , mate , but i would n't be taking any advice from you . 
  * everyone you do n't agree with is a ` troll ' , mate . 
  change the tune . 
  correct , although i 'd remove all of our british isles . 
  put us in between australia and the us . 
  our isles have always been culturally incompatible with the rest of europe . 
  why are there so many french-born islamists in france in the first place ? 
  you conveniently leave that bit out to push your pro-immigration agenda . 
  how many more innocent people have to be slaughtered for europeans to wake up and vote for parties that will close down our borders and enforce immigration laws ? 
  it 's coming . 
  if not now , within the next ten years . 
  more and more people are starting to see through the pro-immigration propaganda and open borders disaster that is slowly destroying this peaceful continent from within . 
  as london 's mayor [ sadiq khan said ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/sadiq-khan-london-mayor-terrorism-attacks-part-and-parcel-major-cities-new-york-bombing-a7322846.html ) about the recent london attacks : `` terror attacks are part and parcel of living in a big city '' . 
  just get used to it . 
  it 's the norm now . 
  belarus : what all of eastern europe could have been . 
  did n't a lot of them die from lead poisoning because they used lead pipes to pipe their water and drank from lead vessels . 
  the lead poisoning slowly drove everyone insane and lead to the collapse of the empire . 
  it 's a good story at least . 
  long live the british falklands , 
  * james smith , born 1992 , welsh . 
  * you just got doxed , mate . 
  sounds like a shit theme park . 
  ny , florida , texaco , canada , 46 more ? 
  uzbekistan has entered the game !, 
  apology not accepted . 
  england * is * on the mainland , dummy . 
  is n't the eu already ` multispeed ' ? 
  i mean , you have the eurozone monetary union with no fiscal union so you end up high speed germany and the piigs slackers who may never catch up . 
  that should come in handy putting his opposition to death . 
  that 's a shame . 
  i 've been eating the plain old dairy milk for decades and have n't noticed any change recently . 
  we are in a precarious position with turkey because they can flood millions of migrants into europe as they choose . 
  perhaps if we just ignore their dictator 's autistic screeching , it will all go away . 
  right ? 
  should never have joined the eurozone and will probably end up leaving . 
  things do n't seem to be improving much for little old greece . 
  mosquitos in finland ? 
  there are real accounts getting banned as well which amounts to censorship . 
  it 's a slippery slope . 
  british easter eggs are the best easter eggs . 
  delicious cadbury wonders you wo n't find anywhere else in the world . 
  actually , what do our colonies do for easter ? 
  do the aussies get cadbury eggs ? 
  `` i wish my wife was this dirty '', 
  good on him . 
  nobody should be selling anything to that despicable state . 
  renewable energy prices will plummet and oil will become worthless in the next couple of decades . 
  saudi arabia will revert back to the 12th century islamic shit hole it really is . 
  exactly . 
  when the welfare state dries up ( which it will as more and more migrants enter europe to avail of it ) what are all these young , angry , jobless men going to turn to ? 
  europe is in for quite a shock in the next couple of decades . 
  do they stow their entire family under the dress ? 
  i read this headline and though the spaniards were physically tapping into gibraltar 's communications !, 
  there are real accounts getting banned as well which amounts to censorship . 
  it 's a slippery slope . 
  back to your munitions dump , boy !, 
  british is just a catchall term for everything and everyone in our british isles , and also oversees territories . 
  it 's not that difficult to understand regardless of what some petulant little crybabies say . 
   quite finiky that 's an understatement . 
  how many innocent children blown to pieces by bombs over the past few decades because of religion ? 
  quite finicky indeed . 
  both islands are absolutely identical in culture . 
  the faux internal borders do n't change that fact . 
  we moved on to digital media in the civilised world , mate . 
  gb/britain is often used as a synonymy for our british isles though so it 's not wrong . 
  it is missing the isle of man and scottish islands though .
