  oh god no , my feels :(, 
  i would n't know , i do n't dine like a pauper . 
  not our fault your navy was useless . 
  try to invade britain ? 
  adorable . 
  we 'll keep gib as a little reminder of who 's in charge , 
  this is not normal and it 's sad that people are passing it off as `` cultural '' or `` traditional '' . 
  `` it happens every year so it 's fine . 
  not even worth reporting . '', 
  * come on . 
  maybe if +75 % of catalans voted in a legally-binding referendum , i would consider the independence question . 
  in reality it is nothing but hot air . 
   police tells them to leave so just move the problem elsewhere . 
  ca n't do that forever . 
  eventually your ailment will become terminal for all to see . 
  places to visit in europe : * ~ ~ spain ~ ~, 
  it 's pretty horrific seeing that but my emotions are overridden with resentment of illegal economic migrants . 
  i do n't care if they drown anymore . 
  europe 's disastrous immigration policy over the past few years has turned me into a cold bastard about the whole thing . 
  `` radically '' being the operative word . 
  the first two links you posted are of the * same incident * in the uk . 
  the second link is from * 1992 in the us * and the fourth is from the uk again !, 
  find me articles that prove this happens every year in germany . 
  i see humour is not your strong point . . 
  when i think of belgium i think of the congo . 
  i say , i like the colours of your flag . 
  pity about the arrangement of them , 
  soon there will be separate toilets for all 133 `` genders '' ( as of 2016 ) . 
  look at all the current monarchies in europe , they are also some of the most democratically advanced . 
  off with his head !, 
  everyone wants to be british deep down , 
  step by step , we can see progress towards de-carbonising our electricity generation ... there are still problems to be solved and a long way to go , but if we had listened to the nay-sayers , we would never have got as far as we have . 
  i have no doubt that this is a another milestone on our way to zero co2 emissions from generation . 
  it will take time to get there , but how encouraging !, 
  and so it begins . 
  as terrorist attacks become more commonplace in europe , these kinds of barriers will become permanent . 
  architecture and city planning itself will begin to change in order to make attacks more difficult . 
  the exact same thing happened in the uk , particularly in london , because of repeated irish terrorist attacks . 
  https://youtu.be/nrbgpeslqwe?t=8 https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ring_of_steel_ ( london ), 
   syrian refugees have quite high chances . 
  because they are actually fleeing a war-torn country . 
  oh , child . 
  ah , that would explain it . 
  likely to be the norm for europe from now on . 
  eventually it will become a weekly occurrence and people will get used to it . 
  the right will of course continue to rise as people are given no other option but to vote out the bleeding hearts who keep covering up the harsh realities of mass immigration . 
  scared of vacs , like super-religious ? 
  if the cheating little tax haven wo n't carry out the eu order , we will bloody well do it for them . 
  russia is leaking . 
  i read that as `` illegal camping '' , thought he 'd hit hard times . 
  of course not . 
  is switzerland sitting in the middle , reading the paper and not giving a toss ? 
  does not surprise me in the least . 
   forty percent of moroccan immigrants in the netherlands between the ages of 12 and 24 have been arrested , fined , charged or otherwise accused of committing a crime during the past five years , according to a new report commissioned by the dutch ministry of interior . 
  it 's clear he 's talking about moroccan criminals . 
  if it was 40 % of * german * immigrants he 'd say the exact same thing about them . 
  par for the course , nobody is surprised . 
  what he said was nowhere near ` hate speech ' . 
  wanting less , or , for that matter , no immigration , does n't make you hateful or racist . 
  can you name south korea 's president , boris ? 
  boris : oh i know this one . 
  is it aleppo ? 
  i thought the dutch constitution did n't allow for a dutch exit referendum anyway . 
  abortion on demand is available at only $ 39.95 a month with any sky tv bundle . 
  through your sky + hd box you can order unlimited abortions 24-hours a day . 
  uh , what ? 
  yet another sad day for the regime . 
  how young are you ? 
  pay the libyans to build and manage immigration camps and deport all the illegals in europe there for processing . 
  i think you 'll find the vast majority of illegals would suddenly `` find '' their passports and voluntarily go back to their own , non war-torn countries instead . 
  what do you suggest ? 
  we should install a dictator who will keep the country in check and stem the flow of illegal migrants . 
  i notice this one is n't tagged `` slice of life '' . 
  they are coming from libya so practically none of them are refugees . 
  even in the photo they 've used they are all young males . 
  if a boat load of illegal migrants sink , i ca n't say i care anymore . 
  so fed up with these people taking the complete piss and the eu encouraging it all by ~ ~ rescuing ~ ~ taxiing them in . 
  comes with the job . 
   cost $ 1.6 bn ( # 1.3 bn ) to construct . 
  who 's paying for this ? 
  i see ebrd mentioned but are they lending money to the ukrainian government ? 
  i know the alphabet . 
  and locking them up does little to address the problem . 
  the british prisons are run by muslim gangs where non-muslims are forced to convert for protection . 
  they are a breeding ground for islamism . 
  two italian cities at one end and two british cities at the other . 
  less pints and more olive oil needed for us me thinks . 
  @realdonaldtrump  the united kingdom is trying hard to disguise their massive muslim problem . 
  everybody is wise to what is happening , very sad !, 
  be honest . 
  oh , my dear child , very little of that is actually there for terrorism . 
  it 's that time of year again - fasting has almost started . 
  i can speak english , scottish , irish and american . . and a little bit of australian . 
  the mishandling of the immigration crisis and creeping islamification has turned me completely against it unfortunately . 
  if we ca n't protect our eu borders from millions of illegal economic migrants who have zero interest in respecting our culture , i do n't want to be part of it . 
  this is disgusting . 
  wow . 
  that 's racist , mate . 
  all refugees have a right to enjoy the fruits of our society . 
  if they hate it 's because of a failing on our part .
