  well , they * are * blaming ` the west ' , and including sweden in ` the west ' , but that does n't matter because nobody actually * reads * these articles , do they ? 
  [ winston churchill ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-22306707 ) , `` a hero of the entire free world '' . 
  he picked them in football manager 2012, 
  i was down with byzantion before it had an - um . 
  it used to surprise me when british people were n't aware of the actions of the black and tans , it does n't anymore . 
  most seem to have very little knowledge about how your home country lost control of an area equivalent to roughly a third of its current area , within living memory . 
  the black and tans were the brainchild of churchill , disaffected , shell-shocked men who had returned from ww1 knowing nothing of normal society . 
  they proceeded to burn down our cities and straight up murder people in their beds . 
  it was the reports of their despicable actions that actual swung the british public 's favour toward cutting ireland free as it was seen as pretty shameful not long after claiming to fight for ` honour ' in the great war . 
  it is an ongoing and complex matter . 
  for the better part of a millennium the irish were dragged into conflicts that bore no threat in defeat nor advantage in victory to irish people ; they did so on behalf of masters who claimed to operate in their best interests but who turned their backs on them as they starved , who promised ireland equal representation then betrayed ireland against their own democratic laws when this representation did not suit them . 
  ireland is happy to work together for better economics and fairer rights and scientific goals . 
  however , the chances that we will allow anyone to speak on our behalf in foreign policy or take up arms again when commanded to by larger nations seem pretty slim right now . 
  it is not 100 years since the man our neighbours currently plan to put on a five pound note commanded his dogs to set our cities - ostensibly , * their * cities too - ablaze . 
  as an aside , ireland is neutral and not exactly a military power but we do contribute above and beyond to the un peacekeeping troops . 
  we rejected the lisbon treaty until they went to the specific bother of stating that we would n't have to contribute to the proposed eu rapid reaction force . 
  our stance , as always , is that we are neutral , we have our own meagre defense forces that are never expected to be used , and if people want to go above and beyond to ` defend us ' because it would also benefit them , so be it , but we 're not asking . 
  i 'm not defending this stance , but it is the current state of affairs and most popular stance in ireland . 
  yeah , * as gaeilge * , and in official documentation , it was punt , and it would say punt on the coins . 
  but in english conversation we always said pound . 
  ( quick unimportant purely informational tip , nobody ever called it ` punts ' . 
  it was always pounds , or more likely , ` quid ' ~ ~ or ` bob ' ~ ~ or ' a tenner ' . 
  we referred to english prices like '10 sterling ' ) edit : respondant below is correct , i do n't think we ever used ` bob ' as a quantifiable unit in my lifetime either . 
  so fancy, 
  how on earth does a frenchman pronounce the word ` knob ' ? 
  well yeah , after 89 years they would be, 
   if i wanted to be governed / subjected to sharia , i would move to uae or some other predominantly muslim country . 
  do note that ` sharia police ' only ` police ' muslims , because the charges go to a sharia court . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right or acceptable to have them at all , but that in countries where a secular legal system exists , that is where non-muslims are tried . 
  source : i get to see the syariah court of kuala lumpur every day . 
  * ahem * . 
  turn our flag counter-clockwise , and see why an indian might like it . 
   fess up yeah you sound like you have a lot of experience with european politics , pard ` ner, 
  please stop using ` the left ' the way you do . 
  this is / r/europe , there is more than left and right . 
  there is no particular reason a left wing ` socialist ' needs to support illegal or uncontrolled immigration , particularly if their ideals include close governance of the economy . 
   i have n't insulted ireland once . 
  you have . 
  you described us as * british * . 
   and ? 
  it 's just a name for a collection of islands . 
  you do n't have to use it or like it - but i will continue to use it . 
  fair enough . 
  i was explaining to you why people object to it . 
  you can be a dickhead about it if you like , since it does n't really have any effect these days - y' know , independence and all . 
  perhaps it 's comforting to you to imagine john dee 's young empire instead of what the uk has become . 
   british isles does n't refer to a nation or a political entity , thus making it geographic . 
  british refers to the people of britain , originally the brittonic speaking britons ( celts like the irish , but a different branch ) and then the name-adopting british empire . 
   britain or british is a geographic entity too , great britain is the largest island in it great britain is called so to distinguish it from ` little britain ' , which despite the tv show is actually brittany , the region of france which was settled by britons fleeing the saxon invasion . 
  these days , britain and great britain are the same thing . 
   it was just a name that made sense for the union when it happened . 
  no , it was n't . 
  i 've already explained the origin of the name to you as being specifically created for the english monarchy to lay claim to the rest of the future uk , and this was 130 years * before * the act of union with scotland and 220 years before the act of union with ireland . 
  why am i having to explain your own history and geography to you ? 
   the british isles is purely geographic i 've just explained to you that it 's not . 
  repeating that it is is n't an argument , it 's just saying ` la la la not listening ' . 
  putting a national adjective in it - for political reasons or not - means its not purely geographic . 
  does n't the greek islands imply that they are full of greeks ? 
  does n't the arabian peninsula suggest it belongs to the arabs ? 
  geographic terms are thinks like the baltic states or the greater antilles or the eurasian steppe . 
  the ` geographic ' term for the islands together is ` atlantic archipelago ' or ` islands of the north atlantic ( iona ) ' , neither of which have any traction . 
  iona is kind of nice though , as its an actual place in the islands that has a history shared almost equally between irish , scottish , briton , saxon and norse . 
  to speak of the islands themselves , just say ireland and great britain . 
   what other term would you use for the collection of islands here ? 
  does there need to be one ? 
  what 's the collective term for corsica and sardinia ? 
  for funen and zealand ? 
  where else in the world do people continue to apply an adjective of a former conqueror to an independent nation ? 
  `` the uk and ireland '' is one letter longer than `` the british isles '' , and for the sake of that one letter you declare an island that has never had brittonic speakers on it to be `` british '' . 
   and what are you talking about with king arthur ? 
  exactly what i said : arthur , king of the britons ( you know , that guy from * monty python and the holy grail * ? ), 
  was john dee 's justification for declaring all of `` the british isles '' to be british , because in geoffrey monmouth 's version of the arthurian stories ( which dee took to be literal history ) , arthur conquered all of britain and ireland . 
  he did n't , not least because the stories are fiction . 
  there 's also a story where arthur sails `` the british ocean '' ( this one did n't stick either , seeing as we call it the atlantic ) and conquers america ; dee used this to argue that britain had the stronger claim on america than spain did . 
  ireland became part of the british isles in the 1570s when the term was invented by mystic medium john dee , who also invented the terms ` british empire ' and ` british ocean ' , his motivation being making it easier for the subjects of queen elizabeth i to see themselves as ` british ' rather than their own individual nationalities ( like his own welsh parents ) . 
  his main argument for claiming ireland as ` british ' was that it had been conquered by king arthur ( it had n't , if that needs saying ) . 
  he later also claimed madoc and arthur had discovered and conquered america respectively , too , giving qei her right to reign there . 
  he got this inspiration , apparently , from angels who spoke to him through numbers . 
  it 's a political term , invented for political reasons . 
  guess why that did n't stick in ireland ? 
   irish healthcare is n't even close to 3rd world , christ . 
  spoken like someone who has definitely not been in a third world hospital . 
  edit : / u/zeepato , not yourself, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_political_parties_in_the_people%27s_republic_of_china  1 . 
  communist party of china general secretary : xi jinping 2 . 
  revolutionary committee of the kuomintang chairperson : wan exiang 3 . 
  china democratic league chairperson : zhang baowen 4 . 
  china democratic national construction association chairperson : chen changzhi 5 . 
  china association for promoting democracy chairperson : yan junqi 6 . 
  chinese peasants ' and workers ' democratic party chairperson : chen zhu 7 . 
  china zhi gong party chairperson : wan gang 8 . 
  jiusan society chairperson : han qide 9 . 
  taiwan democratic self-government league chairperson : lin wenyi, 
  what ? 
  of course it 's all a circus , there 's no true democracy there . 
  that was n't the question . 
  do n't downvote people for giving truthful answers , ffs . 
  why are you even in this subreddit ? 
  they may be nationalist to a degree , but usually when we describe a person or group with an - ist suffix they 're pretty strong on those views . 
  a socialist is n't ok with private bodies ignoring the government if they do n't feel like it .
