  being in , say , the namibian desert at night time is one of the most startlingly spectacular feelings of tininess . 
  there is a very clear divide : after the fall of rome , italy was split essentially into two parts : the north controlled by germans ( lombards ) , the south controlled by greeks ( ere/byzantium ) . 
  so one is like germany , the other like greece . 
  rome is stuck in the middle , home of catholicism , a dusty old thing relying on former glories and feigned importance , forever convinced that it is the true centre of humanity . 
   this shows that it does n't matter whether or not islam tolerates homosexual acts . 
  how so ? 
  ignoring [ how i 've already responded to almost the same thing ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3e39hl/activists_protest_gay_pride_parade_through_muslim/ctbaei3 ) , how does something about christianity show anything about islam ? 
  as a baptised former catholic living in a country where you can have your hand lopped off when verbally accused of theft * even if there is physical proof you did n't steal anything * ( muslim testimony overrules other evidence ) , i can tell you that the two are not similar in anything but the most basic principles . 
  what ? 
  if you call yourself a catholic or a muslim while tolerating homsexuality or abortion and so on , you 're only fooling yourself . 
  or your parents , i suppose . 
  in calling themselves that , they 're the ones projecting the ` institution 's ' beliefs onto themselves , not me . 
  the purpose of gay pride parades is to give otherwise quiet or fearful gay people the ability to wander the streets as an openly gay person in the safety and anonymity of numbers . 
  while the photographs and media will focus on the gayest guy in town , adorned in angel wings and sparkle streamers , there are 100 people behind him , glad to have him take the focus . 
  people constantly project outward intentions for those parades without consideration that gay people are selfish too . 
  which is the sect of islam that tolerates homosexual acts ? 
  golly that 's a pretty gun for 1919, 
  we had loads of referenda . 
  referenda of course being the latin for `` pitchfork rebellions '' . 
  i learned this from alizee 's hips, 
   nation all greeks deserve greater turkiye ? 
  * raises hand * we have n't done a great job of it and the british had their go and ran it into the ground so if belgium or germany want a go , have at it . 
  we have other names for her too, 
  i look forward to the next very popular post on / r/europe , a few pounds of semtex in london with a `` real ira < 3 reddit '' message written on it . 
  or not . 
  it 's ok to like something that 's meant to kill russians i guess , not sure if the british are * that * unpopular . 
  not by fucking claiming to represent a website ( that you 've contributed zero to except posting your constant fucking propaganda ) * on a bomb * you fucking disgusting cunt . 
  bite it . 
  have your war . 
  stop fucking enjoying it . 
  edit : welcome , / r/theukraina . 
  we 'd all be free to finally team up and run the saxons back to germany . 
  presumably if england has declared independence from britain , bnp or someone like them will be behind it , so they 'll already be processing the list of people whose ancestors were in britain before 1066 . 
  tell me , my friend , have you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight ? 
  this is / r/europe . 
  nobody here has a monopoly on dealing with violence and its after effects . 
  you 've completely missed the joke ( its not a joke at anyone 's expense , by the way ) , and now you 've made yourself look about 15 years old . 
  i 'm sorry , what is the appropriate non-insulting response to an organisation declaring your equality `` a disaster for mankind '' ? 
  people deserve kindness and respect . 
  organisations and opinions do not . 
  if you want to be not offended , head on over to / r/european where they just love traditional values . 
  actions speak louder than words . 
  cheers , i 'll pass along the message, 
  you can keep most of them . 
  in fact , take roscommon and louth off our hands and we 'll call it quits . 
  stop deporting asians, 
  you 've always given us 12 points , and we 've always given you 1 points . 
  it 's reparations . 
  remember when ireland used to win all the time ? 
  we had to sell new ireland to pay it off . 
  yes . 
  in return , you surrendered [ rockall ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rockall ) . 
  it 's quicker just to get them all in the same room . 
  will be sure to ask my friends about their straight religious marriages . 
   even donegal looks to be voting yes , and they vote no to everything . 
  no need for the word civic in there . 
  there 's no qualifications on the word marriage now . 
  what are you on about ? 
  they spewed their screed at the few dinosaurs still attending mass last week imploring them to strike down the devil . 
  they 've very much been partisan . 
  do you think you as an individual will inherit more than 2 million francs or whatever form people hide money in switzerland in these days ? 
  do you think that counts as a small family business ? 
   just shows what unbridled propaganda can do to people . 
  i hate people like you , the irish, 
   your country  threatened  defend i do n't think you understand these words . 
  moving to some else 's country and evicting them by force forfeits any credible claim to defence or feeling threatened . 
  tell me how you 'd react if the few million mexican illegal immigrants in the us all decided to localise themselves in one particular state and declared themselves sovereign , forcefully evicting any local citizens with the backing of russian and chinese arms . 
  would you talk about their right to defence ? 
  would you ask me about their feelings ? 
  what about the evicted , would you expect them to peacefully sit in their concrete cage , in a strip of land more densely packed than hong kong ? 
  to accept their fate ? 
  to be told , ironically , to just ` submit ' ? 
  does that sound like something an american would do ? 
  * you 're the ` bad guys ' , and you 're either too deep in the shit to admit it or too brainwashed to even realise it . 
  what 's your point ? 
  that hamas are a violent organisation who hate israel ? 
  * we know . 
  * i know that full fucking well as i grew up in ireland watching idiots bomb each other for the same fucking reasons . 
  that does n't make his stupid quote any less misattributed . 
  * these are people who were run off their own lands by a foreign invasion within living memory , and the cunt above me is comparing them to a bully * . 
  but it 's the only stable friendly country in the region because they keep destabilising the other countries ? 
  i feel like this is an infinite loop trap, 
  basically , like , imagine if , like , it rained , on your * wedding day * !, 
  anyway i hope i helped , i 'm not great at this ( smh ) but lms and have a great day now !, 
  tuesday , wednesday , stay in bed, 
  something you might not be aware of is the second generation nostalgia effect . 
  many of the more extreme muslims in europe are actually born europeans . 
  because of latent racism against them , a general feeling of still being an outsider , blaming these things for economic disadvantage when a ` native ' might not , and no real experience of their ` homeland ' , they idealise things that ostensibly respect and value them . 
  just as ` irish-americans ' willfully or unknowingly financed terrorism in ireland and the uk , many of these guys find themselves wishing for something that their parents specifically tried to get away from . 
  rockall will be free !, 
   we send them where they are needed and so they pay taxes and they do n't have to find illegal workplaces which do n't contribute to the economy can i get this ? 
  i 'm neither a border jumper nor a refugee but a guaranteed job would be lovely . 
  somewhere down the costa del sol would be ideal , then i would n't need to learn spanish . 
  by the way , i actually agree with most of what you 're saying , but you sound like a cunt while you 're saying it . 
  nice of you to offer them . 
   spare, 
  * smashes vodka bottle * * sulks off home *, 
  there 's no accounting for taste . 
  well , yeah , dublin 's a shithole . 
  a transit visa specifically exists so that you can leave the airport while in transit ?
