  a fascist is n't ok with people having lots of freedom if that 's what they 'd prefer . 
  a nationalist then , you 'd expect , would n't be ok with ireland being divided because some people do n't want it to be . 
  we voted ( as you said , on both sides of the border ) to say we 're willing to drop it . 
  we pay lip service to nationalism and we do n't like to make people feel like traitors to a cause but the truth is when it came down to it we decided we had more pressing priorities . 
  yes , actually . 
  china has multiple parties and elections . 
  things are n't exactly what you 'd call above board , but they do nominally exist . 
  the specific word for this in ireland is * nationalist * . 
  republican is n't 100 % specific to a united ireland . 
  fianna f\u00e1il are ` the republican party ' , but signed the good friday agreement renouncing our republic 's claim on the north . 
   until the community thinks you do . 
   cool . 
  so , lets say if the community decided that it took about 8 years or so ? 
  is that fair enough , if that 's their decision ? 
  how long should you have to live somewhere to be allowed to vote ? 
  what counts as living somewhere ? 
  permanent residence ? 
  paying rent ? 
  define residence : living and working somewhere , having a place to live somewhere , or having completed the legal process that is open to you ? 
   i 'm not allowed to vote in germany despite paying tens of thousands of euros in taxes here every year how much do you think you should have to pay to vote ? 
   there is no way to apply for asylum in the eu if you are n't on eu soil . 
  this photo and incident features people * trying violently to escape the eu * . 
  disneyland or octoberfest ? 
  and here i am watching a quebecoise and an oaklahoman argue about the future of a continent that , statistically speaking , i 'm fairly confident neither have been to . 
  to a * native * english speaker . 
  it 's a rare pole that is . 
  sorry about the irish famine then , did n't mean to kill so many people . 
  * adjectives are not possessors * . 
  no , it does n't . 
  maybe this is a translation or interpretation issue , but to an english speaker it is clear . 
  to a pole , clearly not , based on how often you guys make this claim . 
  please stop worrying , nobody thinks poland created auschwitz . 
   no black people [ spot the odd one out !, 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5a/sweden_national_football_team_20120611.jpg ) * if you guessed `` the bosniak superhuman named zlatan '' , you are correct !, 
  i 'm in south east asia right now . 
  never had a child prostitute thanks 2 . 
  if you think it 's just europeans doing it here , you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  arabs even have a system set up where they do n't ` sin ' in any way by hiring teenage prostitute-wives who they can legally marry and then divorce because of their international travel . 
  depends on the guy 's impression i suppose . 
  the wicklow mountains are too old and too smoothly eroded to compare to the west , let alone norway , but that 's my impression . 
  i can only imagine he 's from donegal or kerry , and neither are quite like the picture , but stunning in their own ways . 
   - conservative estimates say there 's about 10.000 isis members/symphatisants in europe right now depends what you mean by ` conservative ' , i suppose . 
  nah , it 's the prostitutes . 
  flashing is counted as sexual assault . 
  it is n't obvious from the way we use it , but assault in english does n't require any sort of violent contact . 
  assault is a threat . 
  * battery * is hitting someone . 
  sexual assault is as broad as normal assault , but with anything involving sexual indecency . 
   or enforces any kind of determinism ( something which is also unpopular in the scientific consensus nowadays because of quantum theory for future events . 
  past events , well , we can see them or their effects . 
  * the past is already determined * . 
  i did n't think i 'd ever have to clarify that , but there we go . 
   the big bang theory does not exclude any events post big bang at all no theory excludes anything - you ca n't prove a negative - but that does n't mean it 's consistent with it . 
  our understanding of the big bang is based on a consistent set of observations . 
  unless the deity 's interference has been * doing everything exactly as the model predicts * , i.e. 
  obeying a set of rules that need no divine intervention . 
   most , maybe all major abrahamic religious institutions because it so strongly implies such a mysterious origin of infinite entropy and power and yet is entirely consistent with our scientific understanding . 
  it 's not though . 
  the theory only works if nobody has interfered with it since then . 
  this means any creator either planned everything , * everything * in advance before hitting the creation button , and there 's no such thing as free will or chance ; or that it hit the creation button and has n't felt the need to interfere since then , silently watching everything play out like a child with an ant farm . 
  neither are compatible with abrahamic religions , and that they say they are just means they 're deliberately ignoring a flaw in their own internal logic , which is in itself not unusual , but certainly not ` consistent ' with scientific understanding . 
  edit : ah , new reddit . 
  see that thing over to the right that says `` what is ` reddiquette ? ' '' ? 
  click it . 
  i 'm not disparaging faith . 
  the whole point is believing something that ca n't be proven , right ? 
  i 'm a white person in a muslim country , lad . 
  pretty much the opposite of what you seem to have imagined . 
  do you think the presence of other races in ` your ' country is a similar problem ? 
  you 're two generations too late . 
  american in `` solve the situation by adding guns '' shocker, 
  during the euromaiden protest they overthrew an elected government , brought violence to the parliament and took control of private media . 
  these are not european values , at least not those we aspire to . 
  that they thought they 'd get a better deal from us ( and they have , financially ) is not a reason to blindly accept them into a political union . 
  the one he 's referring to is n't , and even if it were , people in rural areas commit less crimes regardless of whether there are guns available . 
  opportunities and social cohesion , you see . 
   the areas of the country with the highest levels of legal gun ownership have the lowest levels of crime . 
  correlation , not causation . 
  those areas also happen to be the least populated . 
   it was never theirs to begin with . 
  i actually read the rest of this , but i should have stopped here . 
  did you know there was never a unified political state of ireland , ever , before 1921 ? 
  that 's less than 100 years ago , despite a common language and culture that predate king solomon ? 
  i suppose , then , ireland was n't ours to ask for . 
  your entire screed , from saying i 'm uninformed while not knowing who rachel correy is to outright declaring me a racist for pointing out the religious goals of the settlers before immediately recognising the same damn truth ( `` the area their religion holds to be holy '' ) is full of rote-learned but shallow factoids . 
  if before the first aliyah there was no organised movement , they all just sort of coincidentally turned up at the same time i suppose ? 
  if 1882 ( first aliyah ) was the first organised movement , what on earth is petah tikva ? 
  who on earth is warder cresson ? 
  organised does n't mean ` successful ' . 
  and you do n't know the difference between the balfour declaration which was * not * reneged upon , as you correctly note for some reason , and the mcmahon -- hussein correspondence , which was after the war immediately betrayed by the sykes-picot , and what i was actually talking about ? 
  so much bile and hatred , entirely predicated on this utterly bizarre idea that people who had lived in western and eastern europe for the best part of two millennia are entitled to someone else 's actual homeland , someone else 's place of birth . 
  tear away all of that , this is the essence of everything you 've said , the only things of substance you 've said , the two threads from which hangs the entirety of your justification for the taking of other people 's land by force :  jews are native occupants of the land the jewish diaspora began before julius caesar was born and palestine has not been a majority ` jewish ' land since before the saxons arrived in britain . 
  the jews are not unique in having a diaspora nor in losing their original homeland . 
  white spaniards do not long for return to gotaland , thais do not lay claim to southern china , despite both being more recently movements than the jew 's . 
  you might as well advocate for the return of part of india to the romani or the right of norman self-determination . 
  palestinians were born in palestine . 
  the zionists were not . 
  your definition of ` native ' is absurd and dangerous . 
   the palestinian-started war this is the crux of it . 
  you truly , deeply do not see how going somewhere and declaring yourself the new owner of someone else 's land , for whatever purposes or justification , on whatever empire 's say so , is an act of war .
