  mostly number 2 . 
   as an american of polish descent , i would prefer ... we . .  as an american ... we ...  as an american, 
   in britain when talking politics the crown is the government and the monarch is the individual no , it 's not . 
  the crown is the * position * that the queen occupies ; it has nothing to do with the government ( parliament ) . 
  it would n't be of any benefit to the people * selling * the licenses to sell them to netflix . 
  not until the next time they need to squeeze more money out of the existing licensees . 
  they do n't own the licenses to sell movies or tv there - the people who do own the licenses would sue the people who hand out licenses for allowing it to happen . 
  namibia and congo . 
  neither hong kong nor macau is a state , they are special economic zones with lower taxes and so on - like ireland in the eu , sort of . 
  singapore is a state but given its ` relationship ' with china and world trade ( because of its location ) it would be impossible to replicate in europe . 
  we have rotterdam ? 
  you 're putting up a straw man here ; all of those states ( if we take that to mean the legal state ) have one or many nations ( if we take that to mean a group of people who identify themselves as a group based on ethnicity and other factors ) within them ; that is sort of my point . 
  cyprus does not have a nation within . 
  it is an island of greece that has been given statehood purely for political reasons . 
  we 're seeing the result of that dishonesty today . 
  a nation * is * pretty much a subjective thing . 
  is taiwan a nation ? 
  there are shades of grey here . 
  statehood usually comes from recognition as being one . 
  cyprus is recognised as being a state by other states , that is undeniable ; but if i ask you to tell me what a cypriot is , the best you can do really is `` a greek born on cyprus '' . 
  until you add in the other corner of the country , then it becomes * really * subjective . 
  of course they are subjective terms . 
  objectively , cyprus is a state , one whose follisome existence is now causing problems . 
  subjectively , it is not . 
  `` cypriots '' exist , but then so does `` royalty '' - objectively , on paper . 
  history , culture , identity , actual desire for self-determination . 
  3 out of 4 will do . 
  they 're not really either . 
  nice little places to set up a but still happily part of lizzy 's possessions , ready to be thrown into battle against the villain of the week , nearly a century since they said they 'd had enough of that . 
  at least canada has stopped flying the union flag and uses her mostly so people do n't forget they are n't american . 
  the others are terrified of what would happen if they did - without it , who would they blame for the only history they have , the destruction of native peoples and fauna ? 
  themselves ? 
  insulting , yes . 
  ignorant , no . 
  that 's like saying i do n't understand the biology of a rock - it does n't have one , it 's oxymoronic . 
  the island of cyprus obviously has a very long history given its proximity to the cradle of civilisation . 
  it is hard for any terra firma not to have a history . 
  however , the state of the republic of cyprus , and its people as being anything other than greeks , have as much history as the ford fiesta . 
  i must ask two questions : why you think i need to read about unification ( it 's actually a fairly standard topic in the irish secondary school curriculum ) , and why you see it as relevant to the republic of cyprus . 
   ok , got you . 
   garibaldi would find great pleasure in uttering the words `` cos\u00ec \u00e8 , se vi pare '' . 
  wilde might say something but unfortunately probably not ; he did have a soft spot for the greeks . 
  i speak of course of the republic of cyprus . 
  the multitude of foreign military bases and the border are issues of their own , serving instead as the motivation for the greeks bothering with the wretched place . 
  i will list them in alphabetical order . 
  cyprus that is all . 
  most european countries have histories of their own , a national identity of their own . 
  a lot of countries even have * multiple * national identities in one . 
  cyprus has nothing . 
  half an island that exists out of spite . 
  its flag is a map , so greeks do n't forget which of their islands it is - naturally the `` cypriots '' are already there , so they just use the hellas flag . 
  that 's my theory anyway . 
  either that or they 're just not bothering with a pretense of sovereignty . 
  basically , what i 'm saying is , you exist as a `` nation '' to give 12 points to greece in the eurovision song contest . 
   and ireland only exists from the benevolence your former rulers the british . 
  no , we fought them out of our country . 
   as you are a british isle , you must therefore adhere to british principles right ? 
  we are not a british isle ; no people of this island have ever spoken a british ( prythonic/britonic ) language . 
  we do not fly british flags ; we do not call ourselves british ; we do not view britain as a role model or a historical parent or brother . 
  we have a history independant of them before their control of us ; our people have numbered as much as 8 million on the island and spread a disapora of 80 million to the world , spreading now global traditions such as st. patrick 's day , halloween and ` wicca ' . 
  we are irish , the last outpost of a civilisation that once ruled the continent from galata to galicia to gaul to the gaels . 
  tell me the same is true of `` cypriots '' . 
  cyprus is n't a real country . 
  it 's a puppet state of greece , and the cypriots are proud of it . 
  maybe that 's where we got it ( or vice versa ) . 
  our languages are nothing alike but we had a lot of interaction . 
  particularly with the ones who continued on towards iceland , 
  the majority of rapes are performed by someone close to the victim , they have little to do with travel . 
  i 'm talking about the routine staring , harassment , verbal abuse and ( of late ) potential physical assault that each of my friends that have been there have reported . 
  one report - from a couple , both doctors - involved them * leaving a voluntary position * because her * patients kept harassing her * . 
  women travelers , i mean , given the subreddit we 're in . 
  i live in relatively moderate malaysia and yet i can opt to receive a text every time my wife uses her debit / atm card , so i know civil rights are different . 
  egypt is roundly reported as the worst place for women . 
  the rest of the world is not so bad , i promise . 
  ... oh , just get some grape leaves . 
  in ireland . 
  at 83 years old . 
  no problem !, 
  they 're giving rice now too ? 
  my grandmother gets the cheese , she will have no idea what to do with rice . 
  she 'll probably plant it . 
  our most interesting xenonym ( yep it 's a word ! ), 
  is ` daoine gorm ' ( dee-nee gor-um ) - ` blue people ' . 
  we never had any black people , nor met many of them near our shores . 
  so ` fear dubh ( farr duvh ) ' - ` black man ' referred to the christian devil . 
  when actual ` black ' people started showing up , we could n't call them devils that 'd be rude ; so somewhere along the line we decided to call them ` blue people ' . 
  i have no idea why we did n't go with ` brown ' or ` tanned ' or ` like a really dark wood , yknow ? 
  it 's meant to be derogatory !, 
  i 'd love to holiday in lake keine-switzerland, 
  the same difference as england and britain . 
  the iverni were one specific tribe in modern kerry / cork . 
  ptolomy and the greeks used their name for the whole island - ivernia - because he was a lazy sod , and it stuck . 
  the idea that it came from a pre-christian god is a bit of romanticism i 'm afraid . 
  the romans decided to call us scoti , which means ` raiders ' , in essentially the same disparaging way that vikings got their name . 
  to be fair , we practically ` humble brag ' about kidnapping st. patrick . 
  scoti did n't originally refer to a tribe but the native britons and post romans continued to refer to the irish dal riada on their terrority as scoti and so that stuck for them-over-there when subsequently classicism reapplied the old greek ( but now suspiciously spanish ) hibernia name . 
  ierne is an irish romanticism version of this that eventually lent itself to , finally , ` ireland ' and ` eireann ' at roughly the same time . 
  i 've always wondered how wales avoided being called wallaceland . 
  might be something to do with not giving them ideas for a kingdom but there are plenty of ` lands ' in britain that are not . 
  is that meant to be an excuse ?
