  if i 'm talking to a belfast catholic , as a corkonian atheist , we do n't have much to talk about . 
  so i can see why people at this point want to just get on with their lives , particularly when the level of discourse drops to complaining about whose flag is on a building on what day of the week . 
  i 'm being facetious . 
  if you 're catalan , i 'm sure you can understand that the majority of people in northern ireland want to be part of the uk and that it 's a good thing that there is an agreement that any decisions as to where northern ireland will belong to will be democratic . 
  those people have been there for hundreds of years , i think they 've earned a say in their future just as the catalans do . 
  81.25 % the way there . 
  ireland ? 
  we 're almost there . 
  well , you stole millions of pounds from them and yet people have been claiming you 're a financial miracle . 
  why would n't you be happier ? 
  saying `` ze germans '', 
  ireland 's call ? 
  it 's a quite catchy jingle but there are some people who do n't like it . 
  i think it 's as good as a `` new '' anthem is going to get . 
  um , france pretty much started the whole ` people power ' thing in europe and their song is about watering the fields with ` impure ' blood . 
  the uk 's features a verse about trampling scots . 
  in the name of egalite , yes . 
  ... shoving connie , around the fie-up cork ! '', 
  not recognising the flag of a country you oppressed for 800 years is just * impolite * !, 
  that 's an irish flag . 
  how did you find them , culturally , compared to the the people in praia da rocha ? 
  did you meet many spaniards in tenerife ? 
  ireland has the emea headquarters of pretty much any american it company you 'd care to name , and ( for better or for worse ) the vast majority of us troops in iraq and afghanistan passed through ireland en route . 
  they are aware of our existence . 
  the uk may have many more times the projected military capabilities of ireland , but it does n't really matter to the usa , who are like a gorilla in a guinea pig show . 
  give it toooo meeeeee . 
  yeah , i came to post that it 's important not to see this as a height map . 
  it 's related onto height of course , but for a moment it looked like ireland was a perfectly ireland shaped mountaintop . 
  buzzwords ? 
  oh ok , i sort of assume germans are progressive usually . 
  i keep forgetting that * someone * has to be voting for the cdu . 
  ageism and sexism !, 
  intelens indeed . 
  my grandmother uses her computer sparingly to keep in contact with her overseas relatives . 
  you know how she prevents gross privacy violations ? 
  by being a responsible adult who does n't incriminate or embarrass herself on the internet . 
   good luck explaining to your grandma how to set up noscript . 
  `` nan , type ` notscript ' into your browser . 
  yeah , like when you type in facebook . 
  ok , now click the big blue button with the plus on it . 
  ok , you 're good to go ! '', 
   that takes extreme effort holy moly , the world is gone soft when a bit of clicking is suddenly tortuous labour . 
  you know what people used to do , to protect their personal freedom ? 
  die in their millions . 
  if only there was some way to remove google 's existing profile of you and ask it to not collect personalised data . 
  hmm . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  the ` profile ' never leaves google . 
  google says to you : `` hey , we 're going to have a bot read your mail , it 'll stop spam but while we 're at it we 're going to try to personalise ads for you too . '', 
  google says to advertisers `` hey , we 're going to show your ad to the 1 million people that best match your product . 
  do n't worry about who or why , just be ready for the clickthroughs '' . 
  at no point do a third party get to see `` oh , johnbob is a suitable candidate for our ads , and seems to also have a thing for asian women 's feet '', 
  jesus fucking christ , did you read what i wrote ? 
  do you know what correlation means ? 
  i 'm sick of this shit . 
  do you speak english ? 
  do you know the difference between correlation and causation ? 
  if not , do n't attempt to discuss it . 
  if so , * why are you ignoring what i wrote ? 
  that 's exactly what i said 2 posts ago . 
  `` race '' is a concept that is struggling under the weight of modern science ; theoretically a punjabi and an icelander are the same race . 
  so the guy complaining that if the packaged men were indian it 'd be racist is wrong . 
  of course neither you nor a half a dozen other people actually read and understood my post , instead jumping to the next guy 's `` omg hitler ! '' . 
  this is my fault , i must learn not to overestimate / r/europe 's comprehension . 
  you realise that it 's very easy to genetically identify a basque ? 
  language groups do not equal genetic groups , but there is correlation . 
  the distinction is much older than that and quite valid anthropologically when describing the cultures and ethnicities of europe . 
  just because the nazis decided to use it as an excuse to kill people does n't mean it has to be discarded . 
  why does n't it ? 
  the person i 'm responding to is referring to indians as a different race , they too are indo-european , like slavs , germanics and celts ( and others ) . 
  if we 're assuming one division is true , why not another ? 
  the point i 'm making is that this cartoon does n't really have anything to do with race , so imagining it is a person whose skin is darker should n't make the cartoon any worse , particularly when there is n't much distinction between the races he 's stated anyway . 
  it could be a packet of foxy irish people for all it matters . 
  also , good job with godwin . 
  they 're slavs , who are pretty much a different race to western europeans anyway . 
  yes . 
  it does n't help that our new manager turned us from a team that beat malmo ff 4-1 , into a team that lost 4-0 to haka :(, 
  they love trees . 
  kiira korpi is a goddess . 
  valkeakoski smells like piss . 
  20 of us flew 1000 miles through 3 countries to get to a soccer match there representing our local home town and supporting our team and found that everyone in the stadium was allowed in for free - except us , who had to pay 20 each because we were outsiders . 
  that 400 euro they earned for themselves has guaranteed til the day i die i will never return to valkeakoski , and probably not to finland , and will badmouth that shitty little papermill town at every damn opportunity . 
  but then how would we know who 's responsible for the contest ? 
  eurovision is the name of the ebu 's televisual department . 
  so they should change it ? 
  so the name of the ebu 's televisual department is wrong ? 
  they should change it ? 
  `` the televisual department of the european broadcasting union 's annual original song contest '', 
  if you still have n't gotten that eurovision is not a statement of intention or a description of its content , but the name of the organisation that organises the tv show , have some [ jedward ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_detailpage&amp;v=ynx3um3sahk&amp;t=149 ) . 
  fine , we 'll use your words and get back to what you 're trying to obfusticate . 
  do you think that it 's silly for the european broadcasting union to allow their tv department ( eurovision ) to name the competition they organise the `` eurovision song contest '' , similar to the `` fifa world cup '' or the `` olympic games '' , or the `` academy awards '' ? 
  or do you think it 's silly to complain about things you do n't know the most basic facts about ? 
  you 're silly . 
  island tour in krabi , thailand . 
  cheesy and touristy but i enjoy going new places so we 'd come down for the weekends do different ones , different islands . 
  me and my wife , dressed in shorts and t-shirts trying to act somewhat like locals . 
  thai family , with two kids , dressed in board shorts and those ` swimming shirts ' / wet suit parts that they wear . 
  russian couple . 
  man in speedos with immense belly on show . 
  woman in tiny string bikini , clearly getting on in years but with giant fake tits sitting rigidly ignoring the bounce of the boat .
