  of course they are . 
  half the fish you catch are illegally caught in irish waters . 
  the ducks were later fined for not having a pid ticket, 
  `` i 'm sure i speak for the british people when i say : who are you ? '', 
  do n't worry , you 'll have the ref again . 
  no , but the irish might leave instead, 
  i guess those guys are probably more likeable if english is n't your first language . 
  and top gear too . 
  why would they be overcome by guilt ? 
  this is n't catholicism . 
  if it is not practical to do the prayers they do n't have to , and if they really want to they can make up for them later . 
  islam is very practical in that regard . 
  it 's designed specifically for circumstances like this . 
  technically the kids can have pork sausage for lunch if that 's all the school serves ( not that they would , given the lies that they spread about pork , and by extension pork-eaters , being basically crawling with worms ) . 
  are you taking that as an insult , reporting me for it , then insulting me ? 
  delicious . 
  it 's a reference to the balkan voting bloc , not your intelligence . 
  the intelligence bit is your own doing , it seems . 
   uh yes , it is . 
  unless you 're invited . 
  see that last sentence ? 
  that 's called a ` qualification ' . 
  you are very substantially changing what you said , by adding that . 
  you 've been consistently saying '' [ it 's for members of ebu ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4jdh9z/ukraine_wins_the_eurovision/d35rc94 ) '' . 
  at no point previously in our discussion did you say ` unless they are invited ' . 
   if morocco , as a member of ebu , wanted to participate , they could , without invitation . 
  you 're wrong about this too . 
  `` morocco '' would n't enter anything . 
  a moroccan tv network that is a member of the ebu could request to enter a participant to represent morocco . 
  this could be accepted or denied by the eurovision network , regardless of their ebu status . 
  there are no ` rights ' to a eurovision entry for a country granted by one of its networks joining the ebu . 
  again , you are overstimating how closely the eurovision song contest is tied to the ebu . 
  it 's a product created by one of the ebu 's subsidiaries . 
  i should not have expected an understanding of how the eurovision is * supposed * to work from a person in the balkans , of course . 
  right , but there 's no requirement for participants or their nominators to be `` members of the ebu '' . 
  which is what you said . 
  which is what i disagreed with . 
  which is why i was telling you that ? 
  australia ( or rather , tv networks in australia ) are not members of the ebu . 
  australian networks are associates of the ebu , but then again half the world has associated networks . 
  australia qualify by invitation of the eurovision producers , not by any right that would also qualify networks from japan , america and south africa amongst the rest . 
  eurovision is just a broadcasting company that is owned by the ebu . 
  the ebu does n't organise eurovision . 
  the fact of the matter is that many of them are romanian . 
  they are roma , but they are romanian too . 
  you ca n't complain when they are called their nationality . 
  the alternative is going back to the soviets and organising an oblast for every minority . 
  i get it , but if you were to tell me not to call paul mcgrath or phil lynnot irish because they 're black , or sean \u00d3g \u00d3 halpin because he 's polynesian , i 'd tell you where to go . 
  welcome to the 21st century , your ethnicity and your nationality are disconnected . 
  `` oh , i 'm wrong . 
  but i did n't care anyway , bye '', 
  they * are * romanians . 
  these ones , at least . 
  unless you want them to be stripped of citizenship ? 
  it was a minority opinion because the borders - which match exactly zero historical or cultural borders - were drawn to ensure this would be the case . 
  they included just as many culturally irish areas and people as they could get away with forcing to live under the oppression of an artificial majority . 
  a majority that has eroded over time and finally crumbled last week . 
  and they are the primary donors to our anti-eu and right-wing/christian ` parties ' like `` libertas '' . 
  there 's also a flood of fake news rubbish about vaccines and other conspiracy theories , pushed of course by people with suspiciously unirish syntax on social media . 
  i 'm guessing it 's really easy to get polish domain names, 
  you keep calling people ` pussy ' and ` little ' . 
  why ? 
  for the socialised medicine , education and welfare , i assume . 
   ~ ~ civilization ~ ~ * global corporatist hegemony * today exists because of the us and the global security it ~ ~ provides ~ ~ * imposes * . 
  ** chauvinist ** * shoh-vuh-nist * noun : a person who is aggressively and blindly patriotic , especially one devoted to military glory . 
  [dictionary.com ] ( http://www.dictionary.com/browse/chauvinistic ) i have n't checked your comment history , but i 'm going to now assume you mean you 've been ` misogynistic ' elsewhere too . 
  lovely . 
  edit : lol @ downvote and run . 
  child . 
  i did n't . 
  i judged you by your cynical and chauvinistic attitude . 
  the connection with your nationality came afterward . 
   tragic history ? 
  it was just the case of a more technologically advanced civilisation expanding into broken tribal areas . 
  that 's quite cynical and chauvinistic  northern ireland oh . 
  i get it , the windmills blow the water back out to sea, 
    that is why it is called a convention , not a treaty . '', 
  the convention relating to the status of refugees , also known as the 1951 refugee convention , is a united nations multilateral treaty that defines who is a refugee , and sets out the rights of individuals who are granted asylum and the responsibilities of nations that grant asylum . '', 
    you can not force hungary or poland to do anything . 
  that is why it is called a convention , not a treaty . 
  it is not enforced by some supranational court '' the dublin regulation is a european union ( eu ) law that determines the eu member state responsible to examine an application for asylum seekers seeking international protection under the geneva convention '', 
  you 're confusing ` plebiscite ' with ` plebeian ' . 
  related words , but one is not an insult ( neither was the other , really ) . 
  sorry , brexit means brexit . 
  britain 's national sides must make new agreements with concacaf or something . 
  as i said elsewhere , the commenter should complain about those then . 
  inequality has never been more extreme than it is now , under the supposed freedom of globalised capitalism . 
  right . 
  exchange ` party ties ' with ` extreme wealth ' in those sentences and tell me what is different about the distribution of wealth in the global capitalist ` marketplace ' ? 
  well then complain about that then , because people right now criticising the ussr for inequality is a bit too much like irony for the festive season . 
  it 's played at the end of virtually every sports competition with the money for a tannoy , and probably a few without . 
  so ... just like now , really ? 
  um , the african union exists . 
  it 's more ` united ' than the european union - only morocco is n't a member . 
   fascists  made up words to dismiss right-wingers jesus christ, 
  no , but it does strongly suggest you learned it this month from an ideological echo chamber . 
   virtue signalling oh look , it 's the deplorable calendar word of the month !, 
  are you excited to get 2017s edition ? 
  i hear may 's one will be `` hyperinflation '' . 
   we are under attack holy shit why did no-one tell me,
