  for that i forgive you , because the alternative is horrifying . 
  it does n't make you right . 
   israelis did not `` take their land '' , they gained the right to self-determination in an area with no sovereign . 
  that their land had been taken by one group previously does not make it not their land . 
  `` an area with no sovereign '' is nonsense , the british mandate did not simply cease to exist leaving a question mark that zionists called dibs on first . 
  that you used the phrase `` right to self-determination '' and then immediately removed that right from the native people of palestine is * baffling * and requires an astonishing level of cognitive dissonance . 
   that plan that they accepted and the world endorsed would have taken no land from anyone . 
  what plan exactly ? 
  are you talking about the balfour declaration ? 
  who in palestine accepted that ? 
  who in this instance is representing `` the world '' in the endorsement ? 
  the balfour declaration was n't even globally known . 
  it was made in a private letter to walter rothschild , unelected jewish nobility leader of the british zionist federation . 
  this was n't a globally acclaimed plan or even a democratically established treaty , it was a private letter between two of britain 's nobility carving up someone else 's country as they did countless times before and many times since . 
  it was made public when it was agreed , and foisted upon the imploding ottoman empire - who had just been defeated with the help of palestinians - who immediately ceased to exist , losing their right to represent turks , let alone arabs . 
  this may be the first time of many i 'll have to say this , so read it slowly : not all muslims are the same . 
  turks are not arabs . 
  palestinians are n't turks . 
  you talk about the jewish `` right to self-determination '' , but i 'm very confused as to why you think that give them the right to determine the lives of the native occupants of a land . 
  those occupants themselves fought to secure their own self-determination from the ottoman empire , on the same side as the jewish communities of the west , on the repeated promises that they would rule themselves and even an assurance that `` israel '' was out of the question . 
  the british and french jointly announced that :  the object aimed at by france and the united kingdom in prosecuting in the east the war let loose by the ambition of germany is the complete and definite emancipation of the peoples so long oppressed by the turks and the establishment of national governments and administrations deriving their authority from the initiative and free choice of the indigenous populations this was reneged upon immediately after they were used in ww1 , which funnily enough is exactly what happened in my homeland too , so you 'll forgive my empathy i hope . 
   this is a myth , more or less . 
  yes , for a long time jews lived well in the ottoman empire . 
  did you just describe something as a myth , a story not based on truth , then immediately contradict yourself ? 
  how bizarre . 
  also , you 've missed out on about 1000 previous years of arab ( not turkish ) rule of palestine which manifestly did not feature at any point the genocide you 've decided the palestinians are bent on . 
   but they also lived as dhimmi as did any christian , zoroastrian , hindu or ` miscellaneous ' . 
  this is n't anti-semitism , it 's pro-islam . 
   a subclass who was lower on the social ladder by default . 
  subclass ? 
  yes , quite literally , in that it was a class within a class - that of citizenship of the ottoman empire . 
  palestinians are not afforded the same in israel . 
  they were not ` lower on the social ladder ' , they were in fact ` protected ' , which is * literally what dhimmi means * . 
  the main ` oppression ' they faced over was paying higher taxes in exchange for autonomy of law . 
  this made the ottoman empire for most of this time * the best place in the world for jews to live * . 
  the hilarity of your indignation towards this is that this system is almost directly lifted from pre-roman jewish law and subsequent roman rule in palestine . 
  as a ` dhimmi ' myself i can tell you any hatred generated today is because of israel , not ` jewishness ' . 
  palestine and the rest of the arabs fought to overthrow the ottoman empire you 're talking about , on the promise of self-rule , but they were simply cheated and treated as lesser humans , of less priority . 
  is what israel does today , restricting even the movement of palestinians in the land they were born in , better or worse than the treatment of dhimmis ? 
  are palestinians protected by israel ? 
  is the worst burden on palestinians a tax ? 
   they were attacked . 
  there were anti-semitic pogroms throughout the ottoman empire in the 1800s , before israel existed . 
  these would be the same progroms going on all over europe . 
  if you have n't realised yet , i do think that 's a bad thing . 
  palestine was no worse , in fact probably much , much safer a place for jews to live . 
  if palestine was a jew-hating hotbed , why on earth would the zionists decide to move there in the first place ? 
  israel may not have existed , but the zionist movement did . 
  there were repeated attempts by jews to return to palestine within the ottoman empire before the 1800s , and during the 1800s this only increased , eventually finding its final form in zionism but very much an organised movement as early as 1841 . 
  and , curiously that you 've made an example of ottoman pograms , for all the times you 've probably heard the old canard of ` jews using money to destroy a gentile state ' , * this is literally why britain made the balfour declaration in the first place * . 
  if anyone had a reason to hate the jews , it was the turks ; here 's a word from british pm david lloyd george , with the context that jews were supporting germany in fighting russia , which was the main scourge of judaism at the time :  it was believed , also , that such a declaration would have a potent influence upon world jewry outside russia , and secure for the entente the aid of jewish financial interests . 
  in america , their aid in this respect would have a special value when the allies had almost exhausted the gold and marketable securities available for american purchases . 
  such were the chief considerations which , in 1917 , impelled the british government towards making a contract with jewry . 
  he used them , for their money , to support a country that hated them , to defeat a country that had been ( relatively ) benevolent to them . 
  this is the same david lloyd george who made deals with ireland for independence and then stabbed * us * in the back and refused us our democratically won self-determination , eventually gerrymandering 6 counties with no history of independence into a septic abscess of foreign rule upon our land . 
  if there are a people who have a genuine complaint against the ` global jewery ' , the closest must have been the ottomans . 
  but , once again : the ottomans were turks . 
   sound familiar ? 
  israelis are pelted with rocks , sometimes killing them , but if they fight back they are told they are using `` excessive force '' . 
  what do you mean , ` fight back ' ? 
  you do n't get to claim you 're ` fighting back ' while occupying another nation . 
  how do you think the ordinary people of any western country would react if occupied by russia or china or anyone whose ideology declares themselves ` chosen ' and every ` native ' a lesser human ? 
  lay there and take it?how long do you think that total capitulation would take ? 
  within living memory ? 
  regardless of the world 's opinion , israeli settlers continue to claim more land , simply for the sake of it , and illegally . 
  israeli settlers continue to drive palestinians from their homes , taunt them on the streets , tear down and burn their agriculture , vandalise their places of worship , and set packs of dogs on them . 
  these are people so entitled , they resist even the state that they owe their lives to because it is n't aggressive enough , apparently . 
  you expect these people to sit there and take this , in the same breath as talking about the injustice of a long dead jew having to restrain himself being spat at by a child ? 
  despite the `` world endorsed '' limits to israeli expansion , the state of israel continues to impose greater restrictions on palestinian life , knock palestinian homes , literally crush humans from any country * almost * indiscriminately if they stand in their way , and use the full might of a foreign-subsidised modern mechanised military air , sea and ground force in response to stone throwing and grenade lobbing , and then cry that they meet resistance . 
  since when did conquerors get to play the victim card ? 
   palestinians are just anti-semitic , not anti-israel . 
  i 'm not sure why i bothered with all the rest when you come out with utter bollocks like that . 
  palestinians are not anti-israel . 
  did you have a straight face when writing it ? 
  i 'll tell you what though , you may be onto something in a way though . 
  even if palestinians are not somehow predisposed to hating jews based on their race or creed , the way israel has treated palestinians probably * has * ensured no palestinian will never trust a jew ever again . 
  it is israel 's elected government that equates israel with jewishness , both in their internal policies and in constantly equating being anti-israel with anti-semitism , and those are their deserts . 
  but they 're not . 
  they do n't hate jews because they 're jews , they hate israelis because they took their land and treat them like dogs . 
  jews lived safely and peacefully in jerusalem for thousands of years before israel existed , and the palestinians were n't ` anti-semetic ' then . 
  anti-israel is not ` anti-semetic ' , regardless of the stupidity of the term . 
  i 'm not changing it . 
  i 'm pointing out how ridiculous it is . 
  congratulations on being literate . 
  of course it is . 
  why else do you think the term `` anti-semitic '' only refers to some semites ? 
  the ones that matter ? 
  but of course , pointing out exceptionalism is ` hateful ' . 
  expecting humans to be treated equally is ` hateful ' . 
  i 'm the one with a closed mind . 
  and you 're totally not a fucking gangrenous pus drooling cunt . 
  hateful !, 
  see ? 
  oh look , exceptionalism . 
  who 'd have thought it ? 
  well , there 's the small matter of palestinians * being semetic * . 
  ( the myth is actually the other way around ; the causeway was * created * by a giant chasing our version of hercules across the sea , after he 'd slept with the giant 's wife and then avoided the inevtiable fight by pretended to be the giant 's baby when the giant came home ), 
  uh , we should probably destroy carthage . 
   urinoir this sounds so much classier . 
  water after urinating should be fine for your own home .
