   if you actually could have sworn that , then you 're a tool . 
  no way around that . 
   if l'viv went independent and asked to join poland ( which they would never ever do btw ) , it would probably be accepted . 
  the difference between that hypothetical situation and crimea is that there were russian troops present in crimea , and that they took control of it after maidan overthrew a crook who shot at his own people . 
  the vote was held days after with russians controling the place , at gun point . 
  the choice was joining russia or de facto independence . 
  no possibility of status quo . 
  russia bad . 
  putin bad . 
  i could have sworn an already autonomous country within ukraine elected to leave a failing state which had turned against it and its inhabitants for overthrowing a democratically elected government and replacing it with the likes of svoboda . 
  lviv declared itself independent too , would you have taken them into poland if they 'd requested ? 
   we 're invited , and we are n't taking their autonomy . 
  and strongbow was invited to ireland . 
  you avoided the financial meltdown because your houses prices had n't gone up , not because of any particular strength of your economy . 
  two polish friends i made while they were working in ireland now own ( outright , no mortgage ) houses in poland that they bought just by working in menial jobs in ireland for 3 years . 
  if house prices are that low , they ca n't crash . 
  why do you need a military ? 
  germany is n't going to invade you , and neither is russia . 
  who this time , then ? 
  sweden ? 
  and there are fools who paint `` usa go home '' and crossed out jewish stars on farmhouses along the train ride to oswiecim , but we do n't paint all of poland to be like that . 
  ukip currently has * zero * members of parliament , 3/724 in the house of lords ( a talk shop ) , 223/21 ,172 in local parliaments . 
  ukip does not constitute `` a * lot * of politicians '' . 
  what you mean to say is that noted idiot nick farage said he thought putin was a strong leader , which frankly is about the truest thing he 's ever said . 
  what do you suggest europe does ? 
  hey russia !, 
  stop doing whatever it is you 're doing that 's upsetting some hysterical guy in poland !, 
  your fat old tourists are clogging up krakow !, 
  * our . 
  i 'm not saying this to insult you , but i find it interesting , as an english teacher : you seem to write english phonetically as if you learned it through speech and listening rather than from books . 
  did you learn english by immersion ? 
   they where a few days ago when they had tanks on the border of the kaliningrad oblast and had war ships going by are coast . 
  so ya people here are keeping are eyes open . 
  so ... russia is not allowed to move its own troops within its own borders , but you 're happy to let the usa ( continue to ) occupy you ? 
  which do you think is more likely to lead to conflict ? 
  your economy is going so well , an agency offering jobs in polish in ireland received 170,000 applications on its first day . 
  you 're overspending on your military and it will bite you in the ass , as it did with greece . 
  ukip are a joke . 
   fter the economy improved we built up the military a lot . 
  both are going well i suppose , since you regularly invade any other country experiencing a boom . 
  fighting who ? 
  christ , you 're making it out as if the dogs are at your door . 
  the issue , of course , is that you 're not in any bloody danger , but the us has an election coming up and an enormous surplus of troops . 
  the shadow in the corner is the jewish conspiracy . 
  i should really check that the next time someone i trust tells me so . 
  amended , thank you and apologies . 
  if you can find the original article , the conclusion is that the more people are aware of geography , the less they are in favour of military intervention . ~ ~ i 've been misled . 
  apologies . 
   is backed by bruce willis . 
  selling to poles ? 
  [ mention jan sobieski ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:king_john_iii_sobieski_sobieski_sending_message_of_victory_to_the_pope,_after_the_battle_of_vienna.png ) . 
  selling to yanks ? 
  ~ ~ additionally , the colour represents those in favour of or not in favour of military intervention by the usa : blue for in favour , red for against . ~ ~ i was misled and incorrect . 
  http://m.washingtonpost.com/blogs/monkey-cage/wp/2014/04/07/the-less-americans-know-about-ukraines-location-the-more-they-want-u-s-to-intervene/ apologies . 
  people love looking at people worse off than themselves . 
  they can believe them to be noble and ultimately happy , while still getting a slight satisfaction that they are not so different and yet in a much worse economic stance . 
  some part of them envies the apparent simplicity of their lives , while another part is reassured that they do n't have things so bad after all . 
  look at / r/humanporn , or a distilled version of it , / r/poorpeopleporn . 
  it also includes korea . 
  good job , merkel !, 
  your map does not match his map . 
  if it is , then this whole story is nonsense . 
  nope . 
  do you see korea on this map ? 
  china has a border with korea , to the east of that coast . 
  football fans are people too , good and bad . 
  i do n't like how society acts as if it 's a special place where you can let people get away with things they would n't otherwise . 
  that 's mostly stopped in the eu ( i was once removed from a ground for giving a friend a muffin with a sparkler in it for their birthday , as if it was a flare ... 
  they let me back in when i 'd lit the spare one and sang a song ) but eastern europe is still rife with it , as we saw at the last european championship . 
  did you know that wisla krakow fans have painted anti-jew and anti-american graffiti on farmhouses all along the train route from krak\u00f3w to auschwitz ? 
  it certainly adds to the experience when you get there , to know the attitudes that created it are still alive and well and evidently tolerated if the gang is big enough . 
  i have to contend that . 
  many other larger nations went about industrialisation and colonialism without quite the effect that britain had . 
  note also that i 'm not complaining , and that you 've missed the point somewhat : acknowledging how you got somewhere is a pretty important part of moving forward . 
  many europeans , our own population included , tend to think of themselves as better off than most of the either on merit or as some sort of accident , and treat others accordingly . 
  this denial of privelage is a root cause of nationalism and racism . 
  our little club played red star in the champions league qualifiers in 2006 . 
  as a big club by irish standards , we 'd traveled all over europe from the baltics to iceland to cyprus ( even knocking out swedish and dutch clubs !, 
  ) , going to places where hooliganism was a concern . 
  however , only in serbia ( and , sort of , in cyprus \\* ) was there ever any violence - we 're a small band of happy irish people , and even if there is initial trepidation ( hammarby seemed to think we were ` up for it ' ) it usually ends in everyone drinking in the same pub and talk of how great the irish are . 
  usually it 's a maximum of 100 or 200 people making the journey to some backwater in finland or whatever , and we do n't exactly seem intimidating . 
  it 's a lot of fun and in our small community it would basically be people 's summer holidays . 
  not so , in serbia . 
  there , fans were only allowed to leave the hotel with police escort , and at that only a perfunctory tour around the city centre before being brought to the game . 
  at which , we were positioned on the top tier of the maracana , miles from the pitch in a half empty stadium . 
  this seemed odd , until the behaviour of red star fans became evident . 
  positioning themselves beneath the away fans , they began throwing chairs and other objects * up * at the upper tier , and somehow managed to set ablaze a flag that was hanging down . 
  evidently they were n't aware we were n't an english club , and sang lots of anti-english songs , to our general amusement . 
  this behaviour still goes on , and nothing is done about it , so i do n't particularly appreciate reading about how welcoming serbia is . 
  \\* we beat apollon limmassol in the champions league and when our players celebrated at the end , the apollon players turned on and beat up several of our players . 
  this incited their crowd quite a bit and we were made to hang back an hour or so before we were allowed to leave . 
  no fires started , and objects ` only ' thrown at the players . 
  early european settlers were aware of how different races responded to different diseases ( back when the word meant in its literal sense ` not being at ease ' ) , one example of which being that they prefered black slaves who died a lot less than other slaves in the caribbean environment . 
  while they would not have known much of anything with regard to germ theory , if they saw themselves as living while the indians died it would have seemed to them to play into the tropes of divine `` providence '' and `` destiny '' that they loved , and seen themselves better ` fit ' to live in the land . 
  the natives themselves viewed it as a sort of witchcraft by the europeans , and many despaired that the european gods seemed far more powerful than the local gods . 
  indeed , local ` medical ' treatments involved doing things that would not have seemed too alien to many europeans at that time , like sauna-to-ice immersion , but those treatments actually made things worse . 
  there are confirmed isolated cases of intentional spreading of the disease by europeans , but the consensus is swinging * away * from the idea that it was a widespread intentional policy . 
  instead , if we take the `` much larger populations '' theories now in fashion , it fits with the idea that europeans basically * lived alongside * and * among * american indian societies , trading with them , deserting to them , even intermarrying in some cases . 
  close contact is a much better way of spreading the diseases . 
  one story that ( the details of which i should look up again ) recounts an indian who was captured after a raid on a european village , his comrades returning to their homes .
