  it is in fact * two wines * . 
  can we go a single thread without a comparison to brazil, 
  the traditional use of the word in this context in the uk is that the individual countries within the uk are nations and the uk is a state ( eg : national assemblies , home nations cup , head of state ) . 
  yes , scots and scottish gaelic are very different . 
  like , turkish and greek different . 
  i 'm not an expert on germanic scots but it is not just different from english , it 's * very * different to the ear . 
  from what i know , there is some scandinavian influence in it , but not a huge amount . 
  mostly it is similar to old english . 
  they mean scottish gaelic , which is called that because `` scottish '' does n't work - there 's another language called scots , which is related to english and germanic languages . 
  irish is n't even realistically the third , chinese is . 
  you just have people on the census throwing down ` fluent ' because they vote sinn f\u00e9in . 
  gaelic is n't a language , it 's a language family . 
  the name of the language is `` irish '' , just like `` french '' or `` polish '' . 
  hope this helps !, 
  german , yes, 
  any advice on how to keep norwegian fishing boats out of irish waters ? 
  asking for a friend, 
  ssshhh russia bad , china worse, 
  burn plymouth for yes , southampton for no, 
  they have to cover the cost of shipping the data over , you see, 
  bloody polish , coming over , using their data infrastructure, 
  yes . 
  in most asian countries , above a certain age you do n't even need to pay , only to prove you have a certain amount of money in the bank to gain permanent residence ( the idea being that you will spend it there ) . 
   says the country that is getting rich is there a point even reading the rest ? 
  who in ireland is getting rich ? 
  also , believe it or not , i am not currently speaking in a capacity as the republic of ireland . 
  the country itself has been eager to please . 
   had to get bailed out ( with the tax money of the people it 's stealing from ) is this charity , do you think ? 
  who will make money from it in the long run ? 
  are germans particularly missing the money while it is loaned ? 
  do you understand that german banks were exposed to the risks in ireland ( and all of piigs ) because of their own investments , and that 's why the loans happened ? 
   provide assisstance to tax criminals nothing was illegal under irish law . 
  does german law now retroactively outrank our own ? 
  we 've already changed it for you , without a single shot fired . 
   could n't we reclaim some of our money by jacking up the interest rates ? 
  no , because then you 'll get a default . 
  that 's just bad business . 
  do n't act like the current rates are generous as it is . 
  not unfair , but unreasonable and unsustainable . 
  germany is where it is today because it was given 30 + years to repay its debts ; debts it accrued after trying to destroy europe . 
  now , it expects the rest of europe to follow its ludicrously short sighted schedule , despite it demonstrably not working for anyone except germany . 
  you have ireland told they must alone pay 40 % of europe 's debts because it was a financial centre for the continent , yet when it does something to try to expedite paying those debts , it is everyone 's business . 
  if the economic union only works in one direction , why does it exist ? 
  rumoured ? 
  he has openly stated that he has lost count of how many people he has personally killed . 
  filipinos call themselves catholic , lol . 
  lately ? 
  the guy runs literal death squads and thinks joking about wanting to rape dead tourists is just , like , filipino culture that we would n't get . 
  technically it 's a brazilian colony, 
  none of what you said appears to contradict / u/cieloroto ? 
  i can assure you from personal experience that the name is used in sabah in malaysia . 
  all three countries share a mostly intelligible language . 
  as for your friends , well , it only lives in borneo , where only 1 in 7 of * bahasa * people live ; and these days most people in the archipelago will be more acquainted with mankey and primeape than with monyet belanda . 
  and malaysians , and bruneians . 
  but then again , those are the only countries that have/had this over-sized , pot-belly , big-nosed , red-skinned , orange-haired , permanently erect monkey in them ; so the connection was easy to make . 
  you mean saudi-style wahhabist clerics . 
  though you could say that about any country with a stranglehold on a resource . 
  you certainly think so . 
  [ asians do not ] ( https://www.google.com/search?q=dutch+monkeys&amp;tbm=isch ) . 
  it can be useful if you 're specifically trying to get a forum post or something . 
  avoids shitty affiliate-linked spammy blogs . 
  the sauds fund wahhabi extremists by paying them off . 
  every few years they bring in some liberalising law , and coincidentally have to throw a body over the walls to the wolves . 
  house of saud goes against wahhabi islam last century 2 . 
  wahhabi islam no longer wants unislamic house of saud 3 . 
  house of saud placates wahhabis with sweet , sweet oil money 4 . 
  wahhabis use money to fight unislamic people abroad because they know they 've got a goldmine at home . 
  the sauds have ` donated ' enough of their money to sunni leaders worldwide that any altercation with ksa is basically inviting actual global jihad to defend mecca . 
  the point of the eu being involved in the funding means that there 's * more * competition than otherwise . 
  normally these contracts would go to the local government 's lackeys . 
  the irish national government is expected to employ irish companies were it not for eu competitive regulations . 
  it 's not just eu companies either . 
  the ring road around cork was completed by a turkish company . 
  of course infrastructure can be a desired outcome and not just a means to an end . 
  bus routes are infrastructure . 
  libraries are infrastructure . 
  you seem to think infrastructure is a fancy term for ` road ' . 
  let me guess ... alberta ? 
  the post at the root of this said :  the article refers to the structural development funds , so no business subsidies . 
  hiring someone to do a job at market rate is not giving them a subsidy . 
  another person said   structural development funds  are for business . 
  they 're not ` for ' business . 
  they 're for infrastructure , build by businesses . 
  so i do n't know which you 're backing up , but neither make much sense . 
  now you 're getting it , everyone wins !, 
  how exactly would they have ` witnessed most of the eu ' ? 
  i 've never seen a business wearing a hard hat . 
  usually provincial taxes subsidise the capital , not the other way around . 
   ah yes , of course , from my name you can obviously tell both my nationality and my innermost thoughts . 
  not from your name , from your posts . 
  you play a dutchman on / r/europe constantly , but it 's not very convincing . 
  dutchmen do n't call people ` dicks ' , ` hobos ' , or even ` truckers ' . 
  i mean , perhaps you probably even identify as ` dutch-american ' or something . 
  being irish i 'm familiar with that kind . 
   do you seriously think the left wing in france and europe has had zero influence on the definition of nationality ? 
  well , ` left wing ' , yes . 
  in your american definitions where there is only left and right , maybe your idea makes sense . 
  i 'm not sure how you can blame socialism ( what we call ` left wing ' in europe ) for a nationalism that predates it by at least a century though ? 
  what does that even mean ? 
  when have the french ` left ' ( i assume you mean ` not-nationalists ' ) decided who is french , who * could * be french , and who can not be french ?
