  we had to get it in writing that we would n't be forced into becoming abortion doctors for the new turkish-led invasion of palestine on the new minimum wage of $ 1.80 . 
  since none of the concerns were actually valid in any way but rather fud from anti-eu american-funded groups like libertas and sinn f\u00e9in , all that was needed was a cover letter while the rest of europe rolled their eyes at us . 
  what 's your point ? 
  bollocks . 
  you posted all that and did n't mention god . 
  these people do n't give two shits about the psychological condition of nadia spinks, 
  i 'm really confused . 
  what do you see as the connection here between plain clothes combatants and militant groups targeting soldiers ? 
  is it just a `` but what about '' argument ? 
  the sauds established wahabist control but they 've left that far behind since the discovery of oil . 
  they are a leash on it at the moment ; every time they ` modernise ' they pretty much have to pay cash to the wahabists not to destroy them . 
  the sauds established wahabist control but they 've left that far behind since the discovery of oil . 
  they are a leash on it at the moment ; every time they ` modernise ' they pretty much have to pay cash to the wahabists not to destroy them . 
  i think so , yes . 
  why ? 
  this is the ` real ' ira , a much , much smaller offshoot of the ` provisional ' ira , the one that people are familiar with and the ones that decommissioned and ` put beyond use ' their weapons . 
  the rira was down to double digits at the time of this attack . 
  terrorism trivia time !, 
  rira can also be read as the irish for chaos , ` r\u00ed r\u00e1 ' . 
  the provisional ira were themselves only a reactionary offshoot of an offshoot of the actual ira that fought for irish independence . 
  most british people do not know this , which is why it 's good they also do not know there are still people receiving ira pensions in ireland . 
  another offshoot of the provisional ira , the continuity ira , continues to fight against continuity errors in bbc programming . 
  every country that signed the geneva convention considers them differently . 
  a revolution in saudi arabia would result in another isis . 
  the royal family , despicable as they are , are the only thing keeping the wahabbis plump and lethargic . 
  the vast majority of muslims do not perform the full removal of the clitoris . 
  many more , however , perform a ceremony where the clitoral hood is destroyed to reduce sensitivity , or the clitoris itself run through with a needle to damage it without destroying it . 
  this is prevalent even in countries that people refer to as ` moderate ' like malaysia . 
  and asian . 
  and some bits of the middle east . 
  and some very specific parts of europe . 
  no idea what the connection between these dissimilar areas could be though . 
  shhh , you 're running the libertarian spin here , despite this being a perfectly libertarian plot . 
  why would you lead with the lower value for gaelic football ? 
  at the highest level it 's 35 minutes , we do n't need to hear about the playing time for ballygobackwards ' junior b team . 
  `` we are not backwards and violent !, 
  i 'll show them , i 'm moving to pakistan '', 
  i think this guy is picturing a classroom of toddlers or something . 
  toddler jihadis are just the cutest !, 
  bring submission to bad danish !, 
  you ca n't stop me , you 're not my mommy '' . 
   juries make those decisions bruh , and you could be on one . 
  it 'd be up to you . 
  however , the law in the uk is probably pretty strict on this as there is n't the same level of protection as in the us . 
  are you sure you 're not american ? 
  lots of criminal trials are resolved in the uk without a jury . 
  your opinion does n't matter , the police are required to pursue potential offences . 
  if there 's a case that an offence has been made , it 's not for them to decide . 
  no , i do n't . 
  judges make those decisions , not the police . 
  she has been charged , not convicted . 
  you used the ineffectiveness of the platform as ` proof ' that she did n't intend it literally . 
  not only is that arguing on the effectiveness , it 's particularly shortsighted when riots * have * been started on social media . 
  try not to start wars you ca n't win . 
  you 're arguing about effectiveness , not intent . 
  the law works on intent . 
  well , fix it . 
  i await your report . 
   great britain is also used sometimes , though i think people avoid it as they think it sounds too formal . 
  and if it is used , at least northern ireland is included in the term by implication . 
  the great does n't mean ` greater ' as in ` greater albania ' or something . 
  it distinguishes the island of britain that has scotland and england-wales on it from brittany , which was settled by britons fleeing from the saxon invasions . 
  it does n't include any part of ireland . 
  for a short hand , ` britain ' is better as it could be understood to refer to great britain and its close by possessions like the channel islands and so on . 
  you sound like a reasonable guy , / u/iambecomedeath7, 
   because you want the little guy being able to compete with the big guys but google have a point here . 
  the ` little guy ' is apple , who enjoyed a similar position at one time and lost it because they 're terrible to consumers . 
  both platforms have alternative services - why not make it so that both/all companies have to offer that choice ? 
  the consumer wins and nobody gets handicapped . 
   ask any old webdeveloper what it was like working when ie6 had 90 % + market share . 
  i do n't need to , i am one . 
  older than you it seems !, 
  i hated it so much i was a firefox ambassador for my campus ( it helped that google used to essentially pay you a dollar to install ff through adsense ) . 
  but it 's bizarre to enforce rules on a ` monopoly ' that are not enforced on everyone else . 
  if the eu decides that one company * has to * offer other browsers , why not make it so that * every * company has to offer other browsers ? 
  as it is , you supposedly stop the monopoly from hurting anyone , without basically crippling one side so the others can catch up to the detriment , not benefit , of the consumer . 
  we oppose participating . 
  we voted to allow the other countries to do whatever they like in lisbon 2 once we 'd gotten it in writing that we do n't have to take part . 
  but ... 
  it is . 
  frankly it 's bizarre in this day and age that a browser is even considered ' a piece of software you might install ' . 
  google literally sells computers that operate the front end entirely through the browser . 
  should a chromebook offer to let you use ie instead ? 
  or just because both the french football federation and le coq sportif use a cockerel on their logos . 
  you keep saying ivory tower . 
  i 'm not convinced you know what it means . 
  do n't you have a shambolic debate performance to be defending ? 
  why are you saying ` here ' , yank ? 
  do you think they sell many truck nuts in germany ? 
   they get away with it because they surround themselves ( at the publics ' expense ) with actual capable people , advisors , consultants et all behind the scenes who do their real jobs for them . 
  yet the populist parties like to say we should cut politicians wages . 
  the reason the consultants - the ones you describe as actually doing the job - are not elected is because it 's really shit being a ( clean ) politician . 
  national decision makes should be paid * more * , to attract people with actual talent and knowledge . 
  instead we pay them what we do , and they have to bring in temporary consultants and feel justified skimming to make the hours worth it . 
  why is n't lithuania worth googling, 
  why is london independent why are scotland at war with yorkshire, 
  they have eleven languages or something , it 's bound to be right in one of them . 
  english is a surname in ireland and french is a surname in england . 
  welch/welsh is a surname in both . 
  since the ua_bots got shut down , yes .
