  `` made friends with '' ? 
  what 's that song about crushing them again ? 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  you 're serbian . 
  read what i actually wrote before spewing your xenophobia . 
  i said it * is n't * full of delusional serbs , in order to contrast with the number of paranoid ukrainians on here who keep refering to anyone not deriding russia as a ` putinbot ' . 
  i picked serbia as an example of someone with a genuine complaint against the us , and then said something good about you . 
  so i should fuck off ? 
  also , ireland is n't a particularly bad alcohol drinking nation . 
  [ assuming you 're somewhat similar to your neighbours , it seems likely you drink pretty much the same as us ] ( http://imgur.com/hqldcvy.jpg ) . 
  i do n't read finnish so maybe you 'll recognise your own name in there somewhere and let me know . 
  we also do n't seem to beat our wives quite as much as you seem to think we do - certainly far less than you , who have come for special mention in the un after [ more than half of your women reported being abused ] ( http://news.yahoo.com/ap-enterprise-serbia-domestic-violence-crisis-111210065.html ) , twice the average of the rest of europe . 
  if you 're going to be a racist , at least be accurate . 
  you remind me of the red star fans who burnt our flag because we were ` english ' . 
  the funny thing is , you 're parroting a stereotype of what is ` irish ' based on cultural assimilation of what ` irish ' is , from america . 
  irish-americans - who normally in us media and amongst themselves are just called ` irish ' - have a bad reputation for alcoholism and spousal abuse thanks to their historical destitution after emigration to the usa . 
  you 're so bereft of information on the rest of europe that you 're actually going on american media . 
  you have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i 'll soften this with a smiley face . 
  because this subreddit is not constantly barraged with propaganda about the us , the subreddit is not full of delusional serbians constantly seeing obamabots everywhere , and mentioning any modicum of respect for their leader will not get you down voted by the eager ` activists ' . 
  uh , is n't mosney a refugee camp at the moment ? 
  which one , as i 've edited in ` another ' final sentence . 
  if you mean the bit about giving ulster to israelis , it was an attempt at a bit of levity at the end of a fairly heavy tract , in a similar vein to a previous joke about cutting the province off and floating it into the north sea . 
  if you mean my remark that the government should represent the will of the people by joining the [ list of governments that recognise the palestinian state ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_recognition_of_the_state_of_palestine ) i 'm afraid you 'll have to explain why that spoils it . 
  specifically , because of the anti-semitism in europe at the time . 
  our president , a cuban-american , made special mention of that . 
  it was the 1930s . 
  the same guy overruled a court decision to block jewish holocaust refugees ( they had claimed that too many at once would be difficult to deal with for an already struggling nation - ireland was in the midst of an economic war with britain ) . 
  more generally , because it also named several other ` traditional religions ' of ireland . 
  this entire section was removed in the 1970s , the catholic church 's influence beginning to wane . 
  this is not a new or recent phenomenon in ireland and is not ( entirely ) a reaction to the recent bout of violence . 
  israel regularly describes ireland as `` the most anti-semitic state in europe '' , because condemning the actions of israel is hating jews , obviously . 
  historically , ireland was a rare refuge for the jewish diaspora . 
  while never large in number , they were taken in , welcomed in the same manner as the huguenots . 
  the jews in ireland responded in kind with more support for the farmers given by jewish-irish people than many other urban citizens . 
  ireland 's great statesman daniel o'connell was responsible for the blocking of a british bill that would have assigned special clothes for jews to wear in britain ( sound familiar ? ) . 
  ireland 's first constitution makes special mention of protecting jews ... then israel happened . 
  since then , ireland has opposed israel 's more ... controversial actions . 
  irish peacekeeping forces in lebanon - our largest assignment outside of the country and taking up a large percentage of our military ( about 1 % of our entire population has served in that specific conflict ) - repeatedly faced difficulties with the idf and came under direct attack by israeli-funded militia . 
  two gaza-bound aid shipments - * rachel corrie * and * saoirse * - seized by the israeli navy a couple of years ago were irish . 
  israel continues to use stolen irish passports for mossad operations . 
  the israeli embassy in ireland once celebrated christmas by talking about the christian holy family getting lynched . 
  things are not normal between the two states . 
  most sane irish people - the same of us who voted for the good friday agreement to end the terrorism and violence in our own country - want peace . 
  we know only too well how there is no good and evil , no right and wrong , no black and white in a situation like this . 
  hamas rockets are * worse * than most of the things the ira or uvf did , as they are n't giving warnings and they are n't targeting military facilities . 
  hamas needs to stop this , immediately . 
  for their own people 's good , as well as civilians in israel . 
  but we can recognise that israel has never shown any intention of * improving * the situation for its captives , nor do we ( generally ) think `` but we moved here '' is a particularly good reason to claim sovereignty over an area . 
  nor do the general public think the upper echelons of the israeli leadership * wants * hamas to stop - so long as rockets keep coming , the massively unbalanced reactions can too . 
  in 1919 britain did similar things to ireland , responding to rural independance proto-guerillas by burning down cities , but their own people pressured the government into stopping . 
  this must be the first case of the british public baulking at the treatment of a ` subject nation ' . 
  israeli citizens are not going to do so . 
  they 've put themselves in the bizarre situation of being far more powerful as a whole than the people they are fighting , like in britain in ireland , but also each individually completely surrounded and with no hope for ` rest ' until they make concessions . 
  personally i 'm happy to let them have northern ireland . 
  given the nationalists ' support for palestine up there i 'm sure they 'll be happy to contribute to the solution . 
  more rationally , the government finally growing the balls to put their words of ` support ' into action by actually recognising the state of palestine 's existence would be helpful . 
  yeah there 's no reason the irish should feel empathy for a people whose land was taken first by aggressive settlement and then later by force , within living memory . 
  i 'm sure every person there wants a peaceful solution , but a peaceful solution that is slightly more ` peaceful ' towards palestine than the current status quo . 
  edit : feel free to contradict me . 
  it 's a parody of nwa . 
  black american culture is still american culture . 
  do n't worry , we have 'em covered . 
  martin mcguinness replaced the queen with an imposter . 
  this is of course a very old problem . 
  one of the more political aspect of the troubles centred on whether pira members should be treated as enemy combatants , political prisoners or common criminals . 
  from a cold interpretation ( i despise the ira , but will attempt to ` be fair ' ) , some of the early , 1970s actions were essentially that of genuine combatants - attacks on army barracks , [ actual front-line gun battles ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falls_curfew#gun_battles_and_rioting ) etc ; others , which became increasingly the modus operandi as time wore on and the british army became more technologically advanced and ` intelligence-ready ' , were pure criminal terrorism , e.g. 
  blowing up businesses . 
  they would argue the bombs , being detonated with prior warning , were not aimed at civilians but at the establishment and as such would be genuine warfare but i believe that that is not included in the normal definitions of such ( and the risk of civilian deaths is totally unacceptable ) . 
  one frightening thing to consider - did this tactic work ? 
  it was when both sides in whose names these deeds were being done were sufficiently disgusted that pressure eventually became great enough to allow someone like martin mcguinness to sit at a ` peace ' table . 
  these days he 's hobnobbing with the queen and running for president of ireland . 
  our older definition of terrorism - i 'm irish , you 're british - that of making the general public feel terror in order to push a political issue , has been superceded by ` guy we do n't like who uses guerilla tactics ' ever since the us invaded afghanistan and continued to call the people on the ground there ` terrorists ' . 
  as the joke goes : `` i love summer - it 's my favourite day of the year ! '', 
  mind you , this year we seem to have had * two weeks * of clement weather . 
  has mankind gone too far ? 
  the satisfying , life-reaffirming feeling of sitting outside , drinking , as soon as the weather permits it . 
  we have those every year in ireland - if the weather ever permits it !, 
  `` ireland is in a state of paddery tonight , as uefa decide to completely rewrite the way euro 2020 is hosted rather than resorting to choosing between ireland and azerbaijan as hosts '', 
  occasionally say `` buzz him '' in cork , but more often just ` call n ' hang up ' . 
  surely it 's a ` cultural concept ' that applies to any high latitude country though ? 
  sitting outside is nice, 
  awe , wonder , bliss and euphoria would make good candidates for one half . 
  while we 're all here , can we work out a word for ` the collective embarrassment of not being able to just organise a bloody country music concert in a rational manner ' ? 
  uh , he * said * german . 
  * / ducks *, 
   i live in a spanish speaking country , spend my entire day writing english on the internet and study japanese . 
  that 's at very least 3 different cultures i 'm immersed in every single day . 
  once again , you conflate language with culture . 
  you then go on the explain that the people you interact with are n't typical japanese . 
  hmm . 
   is this still you being hung up on the `` japanese people are racist ! '', 
  stereotype ? 
  knowing japanese and being able to read what an actual japanese racist is like and you ... well , not knowing japanese , you 're not really in any position to judge whether my appraisal on racism in japanese society is accurate or not . 
  or , y' know , i can tell you that i live in asia , meet and work with japanese regularly , and the majority are , er , ` well-intentioned ' racists . 
  also , the / r / in front of / r/japan was added in order to not confuse other readers who may have thought when reading my * go back to * that you * actually were japanese * , and not a simply a deluded weeaboo . 
  you may read it as * go interact with japanese people * if it makes you less likely to continue banging on about your ` studies ' . 
  also , deleting comments you 're getting downvoted on is about the most pathetic thing you can do . 
  * do you care that much ? 
   but good job on that twofold stereotype , you piece of shit .
