yes , i understand that . 
  he ( icelandic ) said :  i feel like i live in a progressive place . 
  you said  how almost every straight person will use casual homophobia , and then not realise how much calling bad things `` gay '' can fuck with a teenagers perception of themselves and the world around them . 
  do you think almost every icelander uses gay to mean ` bad ' ? 
  almost every thai ? 
  do you think even anyone over 30 in britain uses ` gaaay ' like a call of duty playing puberty goblin ? 
  you took something from your own experiences - even something very specific to a single form of a single language - and applied it to ` straights ' . 
  straights , just , all of them . 
  as in , ' i know what it 's like to grow up in iceland better than you do ' . 
  i 'm sorry that things are so shit as a teenager - believe me , gay people do n't have a monopoly on being bullied - but the * entire point * of the ` it gets better ' movement is that , well , most ` straights ' are * not * casually thowing out homophobic slurs against inanimate objects . 
  particularly ones that are not speaking english . 
  good thing everyone in the world is a british teenager so that your accusation that everyone is casually homophobic is n't idiotic . 
  yes , it does . 
  also , ` halloween '' and all saint 's day is the same thing : * all hallowed 's eve * is actually just the old tradition of a holy day starting at sunset the night before , rather than sunrise in the morning . 
  this is exactly what they do in poland and lithuania too , even for things like christmas . 
  it might help if you 'd stop letting them wear fascist paraphernalia while shouting `` exterminate ! '', 
  edit : 5 downvotes , no arguments . 
  which ones are the shills again ? 
  you said that they `` owned that area '' when talking about constantinople . 
  presumably you mean the area where the city of byzantium was founded , not the entirety of anatolia , or it 'd be fairly redundant . 
  they did n't `` own '' that area . 
  [ neither the hittites nor the older or more marginal groups are usually placed in bithynia ] ( http://www.touregypt.net/images/stories/hittite3.jpg ) . 
  the * story * of troy is greeks against greeks - we have n't found enough in what could be the remains of troy to say otherwise . 
  that `` anatolians '' had been living in constantinople ? 
  yes . 
  `` anatolians '' have never been recorded as living in constantinople . 
  the earliest records we have are herodatus saying that the area was people by an agrarian thracian tribe ( not native to anatolia ) , followed by the establishment of byzantium by athenian greeks . 
  `` anatolians '' is not a useful label by the way - anatolia has had native greeks for a very , very long time . 
  the story of troy is greeks against greeks - with troy being in anatolia . 
  if by `` native anatolians '' you mean the hittites or earlier - we 're talking the very dawn of civilisation here - they 're not known to have ever been at byzantium . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  nobody thinks fox news is propaganda for the american government . 
  in fact , they 've been decidedly anti-government for some time now . 
  resident of malaysia here , when should i expect the muslim death mobs to begin ? 
  no , it was just a motion to endorse that being put to parliament ( iirc ) . 
  edit : nope , that was elsewhere . 
  the one in the uk did n't meet quorum or something . 
  i was going to say yeah , the wealth is there , but nobody needs a red plastic twice-lifesized buddha 's head . 
  the sheer * bulk * of stuff they bring back is fascinating . 
  i watched a russian wife go ballistic at her husband because the airline staff in new delhi were struggling to check in * their couch * . 
  they 're all over south east asia too . 
  they do n't have a great reputation with the locals for things like cultural respect or friendliness , but they must bring the rubles , because again , there are signs in russian everywhere . 
   you made a disingenuous comment seemingly suggesting that the embassies statements should be treated in the same way libel is treated . 
  for the second time , no i did n't . 
  libel was an example i chose because could involve , well , tit for tat . 
  the point was to show that `` thats tit for tat '' is an absurd argument , in any situation . 
  what 's important is whether the reaction is commensurate , not the fact that it 's a direct response . 
  there was absolutely nothing disingenuous about it - you * can * be genuinely sarcastic , particularly when it 's as bloody obvious as above . 
  in the same way , while it seems as though you 're appearing to be stupid on purpose , i 've got you tagged as ` christian youth idiot ' which makes be believe that you are actually genuinely stupid , so let 's not accuse each other of lying , you 'll only get confused . 
   diplomats are given their status because it is a necessity for countries to maintain communication . 
  yes it is , and these particular ones are communicating that they do not wish to work with the irish government . 
  so did the ones they replaced , who refused to acknowledge mossad 's abuse of irish passports . 
   there is no reason to expel the israeli ambassador . 
  they 've sent us this clown couple as an insult because we previously held them accountable for very real crimes . 
  if they do n't wish to have real diplomatic relations then it is not particularly in ireland 's interest to take pains to maintain them when they seem intent only on generating stories for ynetnews . 
  i have n't said it 's a crime . 
  the expulsion of a diplomat does n't need a crime to justify it - diplomats are * given * their status as a mark of respect . 
  if that respect is n't mutual or beneficial there 's no reasoning whereby ` tit for tat ' is somehow now not allowed . 
  `` tit for tat '' is another way of saying `` responding in kind '' , which is exactly how diplomatic embassies work . 
  this specific government has been the first to legislate on the result the referendum from the early 90s which gave consent to legalise abortion in some cases , and they are now preparing a * fourth * referendum to progress further . 
  they 're doing this and arranging a marriage equality referendum in a country that is `` culturally '' 85 % catholic . 
  before an election . 
  ... `` i sentence you to 3 months in prison for libel '' `` your honour , that 's just tit for tat '' `` fuck , you 're right . 
  alright , just be nice next time '', 
  it makes it difficult to draw conclusions on a larger scale . 
  another another example would be that they have by far the greatest number of nobel prize wins per capita in the world . 
  they have one . 
  this does n't * really * make the average icelander any more likely to be a nobel prize winner though . 
  there 's no such thing as a catholic area of oslo , only one that 's infested with fjenian sc\u00f8m, 
  do n't worry , while a lack of knowledge is disheartening considering that this is happening within your own state , it 's not surprising considering how little northern ireland 's politics impacts britain these days . 
  the people voting for sinn fein are well aware of the policy - it is the one that has been followed since 1918 ( 1919 ? ) . 
  most likely , choosing to take the seats would * lose * them votes . 
  sinn fein participate in the northern ireland assembly . 
  they ( and the people voting for them ) do n't believe the uk parliament should have any control of northern ireland . 
  they chose , about 15 years ago , to recognise the reality of the situation - northern ireland is part of the united kingdom - and pledge to move towards the benefit of the people that vote for them nonviolently and with respect for the people who did n't . 
  the oath is not a trivial matter . 
  i 'm not what would these days be called an irish republican ( though i am irish , and a republican ) , but i would never take an oath to an unelected foreign leader . 
  i very much doubt any british person would pledge personal allegiance to a foreign monarch or even personal allegiance to an elected ` eu president ' - many would n't pledge allegiances to a monarch at all if it were not loveable old liz . 
  note that i 've used the word foreign in the last paragraph , twice . 
  technically speaking , for sinn fein voters in the north , liz is n't ` foreign ' , but in their view - and mine , if with less conviction - the heir to that throne will always represent foreign interference in local affairs . 
  it is such a bizarre , purely symbolic anachronism that it is a pity it would be a stumbling block for the progress that has been made in the last 2 decades . 
  they do n't want irish interests represented in the uk parliament at all . 
  i 'd imagine at the moment the strongest deterrent to them changing their mind is tradition and your silly oath to the monarch . 
  i 'm aware , the point being that if they ever needed an excuse for taking their seats , that would be the ideal for them . 
  i ca n't imagine they will , though . 
  it will be very interesting to see if the shinners hold to abstention-ism if and when a binding vote on this comes up . 
  most republicans draw parallels between the two situations and see palestinians as ` brothers in suffering ' . 
  what 's your favourite kind of tree ? 
   that photography argument is bullshit . 
  photography started in 1840 ( invented by a painter ) , and modernism did n't start taking off for 60 years i 'm not sure what your point is here . 
  photography was hardly as accessible as painting for the first 100 years of its existence . 
  only with the emergence of things like the brick in the 40s was photography put into the hands of aspiring creatives who wanted to ` document ' - illustrate realistically - their vision of the world . 
  this as a form of expression is in direct conflict with the immense talent and training required to paint something like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/e9kuxwi.jpg ) . 
  ( this is not to belittle photography , but the truth is you could accidentally create the same image with a camera by accident . 
  a good photographer will either set up the scene to match his vision , or be ready and able to ` snap ' a good composition or subject when he sees it ) . 
  you have to be a * lot * more dedicated to learning painting techniques * and then to realism * to choose to do it this way . 
  you 've placed a lot of importance on politics in the arts . 
  i 'll put my hands up and say that that 's mostly beyond my knowledge , and thank you for the interesting things to read up . 
  i do however like to think that there is a little bit more of cultural and human preferences to trends in art than yet another form of cold war proxy war . 
  ultra-realism and photography pushed art to be more impressionist and then abstract .
