  i specified * lowland * scots , who were the ones that were planted in ni . 
  lowland scots are ` post-celtic ' immigrants and speak scots , a germanic language that came over with ` english ' . 
  the ones that are related to irish people are western and highland scots , who speak scots gaelic ( a celtic language ) , not counting the actual relatively recent irish immigrants in the cities . 
  grandad addie ? 
  not necessarily true . 
  the unionist community in ni has its roots in the scottish and english plantations , as they 'll proudly tell you themselves . 
  no doubt there was some intermarriage over the years but enough to differentiate them so much from ` other ' lowland scots that they were more like the ` native ' irish ? 
  51 % of the population is circumcised in that manner . 
  there are plenty of irish teenagers who feel a sense of belonging with west coast american rappers . 
  some of them even attempt to talk the talk . 
  they 're not ethnically african-american . 
  mongrels , not runts . 
   belongingness feels over reals, 
  did n't you hear ? 
  scotland voted for the uk to be in scotland . 
  it is known , creatively , as scheisse porn . 
  apparently . 
  well , given that the british empire is an abandoned term that was never attached to qeii , it would seem any formal meaning of ` dominion ' went with it when it too was abandoned in 1953 . 
  if so , ` place the queen is the by-birthright , unelected head of state of ' seems like a good colloquial alternative . 
  in ireland we generally do n't bother to distinguish between ranks or degrees of servitude to the tyrant . 
  well , they 're planning on keeping the queen of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland as their head of state . 
  ( i was joking to make a point to agree with you . 
  if you look closely , that 's exactly how many people are standing in each row ! ), 
  ( i know , i was being sarcastic - i specifically counted how many people were in each line  ), 
  yeah they 'd be shoulder to shoulder , walking down the road like 36-abreast . 
  now we just need to paint the czechs as the alcoholics and the poles as the ` thick paddy ' and we 're golden, 
  `` technically , not outdoors , but ... '', 
   so you 're saying that the current situation is okay ? 
  that it 's completely fine for russia to seek legal action against people who refused to fight for occupying powers ? 
  given that i have n't said anything like that at all , no . 
  russia can be the successor state to the ussr without the crimes of individuals carrying over in * either * direction . 
  now obviously they did n't empty their prisons nor grant everyone a new trials once they 'd ` succeeded ' , but the application of old laws anew is not needed . 
  i agree with you purely on the principle of it , but you 're making spurious reasons for it as if they were necessary to say that they should n't be doing this . 
  ... why would they do that ? 
  does india take the blame for britain 's crimes ? 
  does turkey take the blame for ottoman crimes ? 
  there is no precident for successor states being obligated to make up for the crimes of the people they overthrew . 
  a georgian is much more of an outsider in russia than an austrian is in germany . 
  austrian , bavarian , saxon and prussian are all different positions on the same spectrum . 
  georgians have very little in common with ` moscovy ' russians . 
  the political system that allowed hitler to command the german people as a german from the german state of austria was completely different from that which allowed a georgian from the georgian republic to command a multi-ethnic , 51 % russian collection of republics from pacific to baltic . 
  an austrian is , or at least at the time was , a type of german , in an era when the idea of a single state that contained all the different flavours of germans was a new idea . 
  a georgian has never been a russian . 
  individuals are convicted of war crimes , not countries . 
  boris yeltsin did not inherit someone else 's crimes . 
  russia is already the legal successor of the ussr , and paid handsomely for the privelage . 
  no one cares , banker, 
   something you should nod at sadly  ( finland ) owkuusinen is it dark there already ? 
  it 's self-deprecation . 
  evidently - and i do n't just mean with you - it does n't translate well for many cultures . 
  do you want ukip in power ? 
  because that 's how you get ukip in power, 
  yes but is this protestant rational apathy or catholic rational apathy ? 
  ( i 'm not serious ) ( it 's 2014 i wish it could be assumed i wasnt serious ), 
  pick one . 
  pick carefully, 
  oh good , i was worried we would n't be talking about russia in this thread about a nipple, 
   you honestly think it is colder in the uk then usa ? 
  you realize the waters from gulf of mexico feed towards europe and keep it warmer even if it is farther north ? 
  the numbers are n't even remotely close in comparison by large orders of magnitude . 
  i 'm from ireland , yes . 
  the gulf stream is our happy friend who stops us from being norway and dumps the contents of the atlantic on our heads from september to april . 
  however , i get the feeling you 're talking about the north of the us . 
  i proposed to my wife on a rooftop in nyc at night in december so i 'm aware it gets cold . 
  it gets cold on special occasions this side of the ocean too . 
  sometimes that lovely wind lets up and norway starts feeling a whole lot closer . 
  these cold snaps are what kill people . 
  regardless , the average * highest * daily temperature in the uk over the course if a year is 55 degrees fahrenheit . 
  that puts it on par with the states on the northern border of the usa . 
  http://www.mapsofworld.com/usa/usa-maps/united-states-weather-maps.html . 
  that surprises even me , so i found a second source . 
  this one puts the line of equivalence a lite further south , further south when inland at least , but still within a 10 degree ( f ) range with most of the places cited . 
  http://www.allcountries.org/uscensus/408_normal_daily_mean_temperature_selected_cities.html what you have are more frequent extremes ; it is more frequently hot in the summer and more frequently freezing in the winter . 
  you have aircon and massive houses to deal with this . 
  britain and ireland might only get hot or cold snaps once a year , but because it 's not the norm , it 's not financially viable to be completely prepared for . 
   large orders of magnitude you do n't appear to know what an order of magnitude is , so please do n't use the phrase . 
  apart from how neither celsius nor fahrenheit can be properly expressed with orders of magnitude , the idea that it 's even ten times - a single ( ` small ' ? ), 
  order of magnitude - colder in the us is a bit silly . 
  finally , do n't downvote people who disagree with you or , in this case , correct you . 
  most of the usa is south of most of europe . 
  washington dc is on roughly the same latitude as morocco . 
  no , it 's not . 
  anschluss was a decision to merge austria with the rest of the german states . 
  the only reason austria was - and as a result , is - separated from bavaria , prussia and so on was royal politics . 
  a bavarian has more in common with an austrian than with a prussian . 
  arguably a bavarian has more in common with an austrian than a scot does with an englishman !, 
  so unless you 're suggesting that ukraine is only separate from russia because of royal politics , it is not like the anschluss , at all . 
  presumably i 've wasted my time though , as i think you instead meant the annexation of the sudetenland from czechoslovakia anyway . 
  we get your point though . 
  literally hitler . 
  i 'm pretty sure the definition of a shill is someone paid to do that , so not necessarily being genuine . 
  your attitude , then , is that you are so right that anyone who disagrees must be only pretending so that they can make money . 
  hmm . 
  perhaps it 's a factor that turkey is not controlled in large areas by the russian ` mafia ' . 
  rhetorical question , but you get my point . 
  once they join the gaelic federation we 'll have to put something about * na sassanach * into the anthem ... 
  no , it 's just a russian thing . 
  i live in south east asia so my interactions with russians are their leisure time . 
  they do the exact same stuff . 
  pose with tigers , get drunk on family boat tours , go topless in thailand , wear swimwear at temples , blow up cows in cambodia , contract various diseases in pattaya .
