  urine is sterile , your genitals are not . 
  however you 're not all that likely to get very sick from touching your own genitals unless you never wash . public toilets are another matter . 
  treating those 5 minutes as a nuclear disaster zone will prevent all sorts of nasty stuff . 
  no , not really . 
  they were like the early biblical societies , they believed that they had to worship their own god and that was all that mattered . 
  they were n't converting anyone because their god did n't care so long as the mongols worshipped him . 
  they did n't exactly encourage religious freedom in the societies they conquered ( the status quo remained ) and if you were born a mongol , you had no choice but to worship tengri . 
  as usual , with absolutely no plan for what comes next and as usual , most likely leaving it to radical islamists they 've just armed in a soon-to-be formerly multi-sect society . 
  resettlement plans have nothing to do with the immigrant population of france . 
  the vast majority of them are not refugees , just immigrants from former colonies and other francophones . 
  telling them they 're not allowed to live in paris ` for their own good ' is borderline fascism . 
  says the guy living in a country that has wasted most of its time as a super power working it 's way towards being able to bomb any spot on earth within 30 minutes . 
  yeah we know nothing of war and bombs . 
  british fighters are 15 minutes from dublin , fingers on triggers lads !, 
  do us a favour and stick to what you know . 
  this is not only plausible , it is a plan concocted by greek and russian orthodox weirdos for the restoration of constantinople . 
   i do n't think either nation really considers the other a close ally . 
  that would be an understandment , i think . 
  it takes less than 30 minutes for a fighter jet to reach out to the capital of turkey . 
  they 're coming right for us !, 
  respect is earned . 
   this is reddit the home of hyperbole , if i were looking for reasonable and rationale responses i would look elsewhere . 
  this is / r/europe where once upon a time we had intelligent civil discourse . 
   here is no possible threat to each other . 
  do you think russia was a threat to turkey yesterday ? 
  you admit then , that ` terrorist state ' is anti-russian exaggeration and propaganda ? 
  even if you 're counting russia as ` invading ' ukraine ( they manifestly did n't ) or georgia ( they defended a country they recognise ) , invasion by definition is not terrorism . 
  edit : hello / u/walt _ ua , hello / r/ukraina, 
  should greece fire on warned turkish aircraft violating it 's airspace ? 
  this was a political move . 
  turkmeni rebels fighting kurds and assad were under fire from russia . 
  turkey has no interest in stability in the region . 
  russia has not ended formal relations with the syrian government , mostly because they are secular and host a russian naval base . 
  they are fighting to restore what they see as the legitimate government of syria , by fighting both isis and other sunni islamists rebels who hijacked the ` arab spring ' movement once lauded as the arrival of democracy to mena by twitter experts . 
  most of the world rightly condemns assad 's reckless counterattacks on the rebels which have caused untold deaths and destruction , but at the same time , syria has long been a relatively secular and mixed religion country , any form of islamist government could be catastrophic . 
  throw isis 's eschatological tactics into the mix and you have a recipe for slaughter . 
  russia 's strategy is to return government control to the country and work from there . 
  am i right in saying that shooting escaping pilots is usually counted as a war crime ? 
  or did i imagine that ? 
  no , but there are large cities in the us where racial integration has been a complete failure . 
  i 'm struggling to think of any where * it has n't * . 
  possibly new york but then that 's not integration , it 's gentrification pushing all non-wealthy into smaller and smaller pockets . 
  take a look at a racial map of miami and tell me the us is a racially integrated society . 
  banlieue just means ` suburbs ' . 
  every city has suburbs . 
  it 's not really possible to force an ethnic or religious group to spread out . 
  people self-segregate . 
  look at a racial map of miami or kuala lumpur . 
  anywhere in the world that very distinct groups live alongside each other , they self-segregate . 
  it takes generations for this to become blurred . 
  forcing ? 
  she 'd make a good foreign minister, 
  that 's the provisional ira , and they claim to be socialists , not communists . 
  they split from the the older ira because of this distinction ( among others ) . 
  edit : this comment is yo-yoing up and down like the hopes and dreams of a liverpool fan . 
  can someone explain to me how this is controversial in any way ? 
  no , no . 
  anonymous is fighting against habbo hotel 's latest incarnation , isis . 
  after the war had begun . 
  he 's a monster , but at least he ( was n't ) an aggressive one . 
  if there is a any nationality in europe to which people may be assigned regardless of their ethnic heritage , belgian must surely be it . 
  nobody is belgian . 
  everybody is belgian . 
  definitely not . 
  but there 's only one incident that strikes me as resembling this sort of carry on that 's going on in paris and earlier in tunisia , wherein it 's completely indiscriminate . 
  that would be michael stone lobbing grenades into the sinn f\u00e9in funeral crowd at a cemetery . 
  even that was n't completely indiscriminate but that 's level of disgust i feel for what 's happening . 
  families on a beach and concert goers and so on . 
  unfortunately what ultimately will need doing is militarisation of the cities until the threat is ` resolved ' , and i know , having spent most of my life in ireland and then thailand , people on street corners with guns is not a comforting sight . 
  if you grow up in ireland you naturally acquire a strange distaste for a wide variety of acronyms . 
  it gets particularly confusing when people are talking about rsf ( ` republican sinn fein ' , because common-or-garden sinn fein are n't republican enough ) , cira ( ` continuity ira ' , who fight against mistakes in the film production industry ) and icbinira ( ' i ca n't believe it 's not the ira ' , best known for substituting semtex with mild laxitives . ), 
  to note , in a modern context , ira = = pira . 
  the ira that fought the war of independence mostly disolved or mutated into a communist resistence group fighting the irish government until the end of ww2 when they made some border attacks . 
  they faded into inactivity and without the leadership taking action it was ` splitters ' that formed the provisional ira as ` protection ' after the catholic civil rights movement started being targeted by loyalists . 
  in essence , the ira ceased to exist as the pira came into existence , with many of the same members , so we can treat them as the same thing , but some people like to make the distinction . 
  my grandfather fought for the ira but did so against the black and tans who were burning our city , not against british soldiers in their barracks or against civilians on the high street . 
  but if we 're talking specifically about the troubles , ira pretty much means pira . 
  you may have confused them with another ` splitting ' group , the ` real ' ira , who felt the pira 's ceasefires and disarmament talks were akin to a surrender . 
  this is a tiny group who unfortunately did not have the expertise of the larger pira when it came to phoning ahead but if some small solace can be gotten from their fucking up of the omagh bombing ( which was the ` real ' ira , not the provisional ira , ie what the average briton would call the ira ) is that it very much cemented in the average irish person 's mind that there was nothing noble about continued bloodshed . 
  that is one paralell that can be drawn . 
  i live usually in malaysia and i ca n't help but see there is a soft affection for violent anti-west jihad amongst even the moderates in that moderate country . 
  the water gets muddied between europe , israel , the us and `` the west '' , and most people do n't pay enough attention to know that isis is not something to be lauded . 
  the prime minister himself at one pointed suggested his party members should ` fight like isis ' in their political ` battles ' . 
  the same was true in ireland , where people far from the bloodshed would happily sing the songs and think of the fight as a noble one even if they would never consider participating themselves . 
  as long as moderate muslims think it 's just a phase , just a bit of indentity pride or even a bit noble ( as the irish did ) for their children to get really into the ` supremacy of islam ' stuff , the actual fanatics and terrorists will have a crutch of recruitment . 
  in the troubles , ordinary citizens were n't targeted for death , most of the time . 
  the pira targeted military and police as being representative of the government ` occupation ' . 
  when they bombed buildings , they usually phoned ahead to have them evacuated . 
  the uda targeted ira members . 
  there were a few incidents , but roughly the same number of people died in one day on 9/11 as did in 30 years of the troubles . 
  do n't take these as defences , really , because growing up in ireland in the 80s and 90s watching bombs on the news every few days was horrible . 
  but there is no nationalist ideal in action here . 
  there is no end goal of ending an occupation . 
  this is pure murder and hatred , and the desire to breed more hatred on top of that . 
  i assume , like most deniers these days , she does n't deny that there was a pogrom during ww2 , which of course would have been just one of many . 
  she probably denies it was of a grand scale that justifies a different term and what she sees as the subsequent `` unfair '' treatment of germany . 
  like most irrational beliefs , it can be defended by simply drawing a smaller circle around what you believe and claim that as your new entrenchment . 
   la alhambra the the red, 
  superficial ? 
  well , yes , because they were rejected for stupid superficial reasons .
