  it was the reliance on tech that was the issue , the afghanis did their homework and totally marked him out of the game . 
  in the end the afghanis wanted it more . 
  one point gained for afghanistan while the us will see it as 2 points dropped . 
  the afghanis have a remarkable home record but if the us wants the championship they have to learn to ` win ugly ' . 
  irish person here , can confirm , cunas b\u00f3thar cail\u00edn bainne, 
  i do n't know , their recent draw with afghanistan really throws some of their recent big money signings into question . 
  no thanks !, 
  i 'm well aware of that . 
  the schengen area is a ` no borders ' system . 
  i 'm aware we do n't have that with the rest of europe , i do n't live in ireland and so have to enter it like anyone else . 
  however , people from the eu could arrive in ireland , ` check in ' here , and then waltz into the uk . 
  by splitting from the eu totally , the uk would either have to cancel their implementation of the common travel area ( the ` agreement ' you mean - there 's actually never been a legal agreement , the issue has been handled differently on both sides at different times , and the origin of the area is from the uk considering ireland part of its great realm . 
  the first time the cta was * mentioned * in a public document was in a 2011 non-binding agreement of intent for cooperation on visa policies , which would be nullified by the uk leaving the eu ) or enforce a border * within * the uk between northern ireland and the rest of the uk , which was ireland 's stance at any other time when the uk has controlled immigration from ireland ( that is , at war time ) . 
  some immigrants that will be legal in ireland will be illegal in the uk ; also , the issue is keeping track of people . 
  someone who flies into ireland will be listed as living in ireland , when they are on a building site in liverpool . 
  yes , this happens now , but it 's legal ( well , maybe not the working ) . 
  attempting to make it illegal simply wo n't work , and will make things worse by ensuring that the people who do it are now already breaking the law and might as well break more laws . 
  the cta will have to end if the uk leaves the eu , and the result will either be a controlled border between ireland and northern ireland , which will be massively expensive and piss off republicans , or controlled border between the rest of the uk and northern ireland , which will massively piss off the unionists . 
  was it the gardai or the psni ? 
  it sounds like you just got stopped a normal checkpoint that happened to be somewhere near the border . 
  the border is completely unmanageable . 
  if you were to stop 1 in 20 cars on the ( irish ) m1 , you 'd be missing 99.9 % of traffic . 
  most border crossings between ireland and northern ireland look like this : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/the_border_on_killeen_school_road_-_geograph.org.uk_-_446719.jpg or this : http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/0d/irish_border_on_the_lenamore_road_-_geograph.org.uk_-_611778.jpg there are well over 300 of these kinds of crossings , and even roads that swerve back and forth over the border . 
  your passport is not checked when cross the ireland - northern ireland border , which has facilitated ireland-uk relations quite a lot . 
  you only realise you are now in a different country when the speed laws change from miles per hour to kilometres per hour and vice versa . 
  if you arrive by any other means you will have your passport checked , because you could be arriving from anywhere . 
  so , uncontrolled immigration on one border , with workers entering illegally and thus not having to partake in uk labour laws ? 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
   the question is , should the government permit practically unlimited competition ? 
  the end result of that will be a dramatic reduction in wages and worker 's rights , and that will result in a lower standard of living , which will increase unhappiness . 
  the ` unlimited competition ' bit * was * a lie , for obvious reasons . 
  furthermore , there has been no dramatic reduction in wages , nor worker 's rights , because the uk is a properly developed country which has to meet the same worker 's rights laws as the rest of the eu , not a frontier free-for-all society . 
  the ukip are pushing this idea that `` immigrants are coming here taking our jobs '' , a line which works very well for the ignorant and for americans - america is much less regulated in these matters and paying workers under the minimum wage is practically a sport for employers over there . 
  trade unions and the regulations they have negotiated over the years are some of the main reasons europeans move to the uk . 
  the [ minimum wage has not gone down , in fact continued to rise steadily in the face of the crisis ] ( http://blogs.ft.com/off-message/files/2014/01/image-590x400.png ) , and employment is recovering in a manner that quite clearly shows [ the downturn was caused by fiscal policy and not immigration ] ( http://www.kaleidic.org/storage/uku1.png?__squarespace_cacheversion=1387644143377 ) . 
  in reality , the uk is * making new jobs * and requires immigration to fill some of them . 
  the uk benefits from the eu in ways too numerous to mention , and one of the requirements of this - because nothing is free - is dropping the idea that one human deserves a job more than another because of where in the eu he was born . 
  1800 's - american-style nativism is the unwanted mainstay of the bnp , i mean , the ukip . 
  also , unless i call you an ignorant american projecting his nation 's problems onto a completely different situation - which , lets be clear , i have not - please do n't downvote me for posing you questions . 
  how does that work with the eu common travel policy ? 
  it 'll certainly mean great business for ryanair when the poles all have to fly to dublin before getting the bus into the uk . 
  the question is not whether or not they 're telling the truth - foreign competition would damage the prospects of many unskilled british workers , as it has been doing ever since decades ago when irish people realised we could get more money on building sites over there than on farms over here - but whether or not that is a bad thing . 
  why is it that a pole can work for less than a british person , while living in britain ? 
  why do n't british builders go seek jobs in germany or poland ? 
  why is * each and every * single british emigrant to the eu is a dj in marbella \\* ? 
  you consider it bad for britain that unskilled workers would face competition . 
  why ? 
  \\* may be a slight exaggeration . 
  do you want irish republican terrorists ? 
  because trying to enforce a border with the eu is how you get irish republican terrorists . 
  to what end ? 
  to look strong ? 
  for who , russia , or at home ? 
  against what ? 
  people 's self-determination ? 
  did n't the usa used to be all for that before it got into the coup business ? 
  crimea was autonomous * before * this crisis for a reason . 
  no group of people has the right to declare their control over another , * even * if the alternative is russia ( russia bad , putin bad , ug ) . 
  ukraine has been a joke for a long time now , no one should be surprised at what happened . 
  poland on the other hand , has absolutely no chance of repeating what just happened . 
  so what purpose does heightening tensions there serve ? 
  oh , yes . 
  bravado and puffery . 
  america loves russia as a bad guy . 
  no real threat , yet with just enough of an evil countenance to justify `` protecting their interests '' . 
  you only have to look at their treatment of georgian aggression in abkhazia and ossetia to see that . 
  most people could n't have told you what an abkhazia was before it ; afterwards , people could n't tell you much more than that . 
  all that mattered was russian tanks were in action making the daily news . 
  the eu stayed out of it , pointing out that georgia had started the war and was quite clearly in the wrong . 
  the us is * still * [ banging on about it , even to the point of blaming it for the ukraine crisis , because facts do n't matter , russia looking bad matters ] ( http://www.usnews.com/opinion/blogs/world-report/2014/03/07/lessons-for-the-ukraine-crisis-in-russias-2008-invasion-of-georgia ) . 
  yes , well , that 's sort of my point . 
  do you think that the us occupying poland heightens that tension or lessens it ? 
  do you think the us is doing it for its own benefit , or for poland 's ? 
  whereas russia is just raring for a fight with poland ? 
  if you 're going to bang on about conflicts older than your nation , at least be consistent . 
  the intention is not to start a war , but to appear ` strong ' and ` righteous ' , even at the cost of brinsmanship . 
  it helps that russia was doing its best tartar barbarian impression even before the ukraine incidents . 
  ireland ? 
  enemy-less ? 
   well but what about an average student like me ? 
  i 've never been to england but i was on erasmus in netherlands . 
  and i 've been learning english since kindergarden ( and german since middle school ) . 
  so is this an immersion experiance for you ? 
  no , that 's not what immersion means . 
  also , i did n't ask you ? 
   everybody speaks english as a second language but no one needs and immersion anymore . 
  english has long ago detached itself from the islands . 
  and what is wrong with that ? 
  ... nothing . 
  that 's sort of my point . 
  he spells as if he learned by ear , but the language he uses is practically fluent . 
   in central europe english is especially popular because of its neutrality . 
  it removes any historical resentiments and allows us to communicate without enforcing any language as superior . 
  yes , english is great . 
  that 's why i am an english as a foreign language teacher . 
  i asked out of curiosity ; i 've never met a non-native speaker who spelled phonetically that way . 
  most of the time they have much better reading and writing than speaking . 
  this guy 's writing was grammatically correctly while being misspelled . 
  i wanted to know why . 
  your urgency to disagree with me about the us 's motivations for occupying your country may have clouded your judgement on my commentary about language .
