  try checking out more ` impressionist ' photography . 
  70 % trees . 
  definitively finnish . 
   swimming pool hahahahahahahahahahahahaha !, 
  wait , are the greeks swanning around in swimming pools while we break our arses actually paying back debts ? 
  when those neighbours could impose similar inconveniences on them in return . 
  and how do you police it in [ baarle ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/images/2011/11/14/opinion/enclaves-belgium/enclaves-belgium-blog427.jpg ) ? 
  not every country is an island or peninsula , 
  the jarls of dyflinn request protection !, 
   right , so you 've spoken to all fifty three million english people and accused every one of them of some sort of atrocity to do with the british empire and then wondered why they were confused ? 
  that 's a fair ould leap there . 
  you could get over the border with a leap like that . 
   again , in ireland you might still cling to catholicism and original sin , ireland 's doing pretty poorly with its clinging , given that catholic church attendance is below 30 % , more than half of irish people place no importance on religion , and the number of priests in the country is threatening to drop into triple figures . 
  bizarrely , * 10 % of self-identified irish catholics do n't believe in god * . 
  i guess holding contradictory beliefs is something they train catholics for , but that 's some feat . 
  i do n't expect you to know about these things , but it would make an awful lot more sense to stop acting as if you did . 
   but here in the uk we do n't hold people accountable for the crimes of their ancestors whether real or imagined . 
  i do n't claim to speak for ireland but from what i 've seen we do n't hold people accountable for hopping borders to do a spot of diy whether imagined , or , well , imagined . 
   and that 's why you 've spent hours arguing with a briton online trying to make them accept that they are personally responsible for something one of their kings did four centuries ago . 
  no , i 've a few minutes at time taking the piss out of a fantasist who imagines a shadowy underworld of international vandalism . 
  i have n't mentioned a thing about a king . 
   and it 's also why the irish government capitalise on the ` oppression ' that ireland went through in order to extract money from gullible american tourists . 
  i 've been abroad so i must have missed the ` ah poor ould ireland ' bord failte campaign . 
  would you care to link me to that , or is this another feat of mental masturbation ? 
  you seem to have put oppression in quotes . 
  i can tell you 're not quoting me , so i 'm confused . 
  who * are * you quoting ? 
  are they scare quotes ? 
  that 's three in a row now ; you 're doing a very bad job of making this look like me pillorying you for your nations past , rather than making you look stupid about signage - i 've never blamed you nor ` modern britain ' for what the british empire did . 
  however ignorance or denial of what did happen is not exactly commendable . 
  your prime ministers and monarchs have acknowledged the deeds of the dead , do you not ? 
  i honestly would n't blame you for ignorance as the names tudor , trevelyan , cromwell and churchill evoke entirely different things in our countries , but denial would be pretty ridiculous . 
   meanwhile in the uk , the last time ireland mattered was when we bailed your banks out . 
  you 've got it backwards i 'm afraid - [ ireland has been bailing out the banks of europe for the last few years , having paid 42 % of europe 's debt ] ( http://www.irishexaminer.com/ireland/42-of-europes-banking-crisis-paid-by-ireland-219703.html ) , 9000 euro per capita compared to 200 euro for the average eu citizen . 
  i presume - based on the exact figure you give - you 're talking about the bailout of the royal bank of scotland , a bank owned by british taxpayers , bailed out by the british government for the benefit of british taxpayers . 
  given that ireland 's national debt at this point having accepted being saddled with the rest of europe 's burden is around 150 million euro , i ca n't imagine it 's all that important whether or not you left us to clean up some percentage of rbs 's shit or not . 
   so if me and the rest of my countrymen are to blame for sign vandalism and the rest of it , we 're also to thank for the # 14 billion bailout . 
  if you still have n't gotten after roughly 70 posts on the matter that ** the road sign vandalism is done by republican derrymen ** , it 'll take a lot longer to explain both basic macroeconomics and the history of the british empure to you . 
  could you just make another completely absurd claim for me to mock instead ? 
    i 'm continuing to ask you for any reasoning at all for believing that crossborder signage sabotage sallies are a regular occurance in ireland  i never actually said or implied that . 
  no , you said :  some might say it 's not as petty as hopping the border into the uk to scribble out london on a sign for a place that calls itself londonderry . 
   and if you honestly think it 's beyond your countrymen to deface a sign then you 'd be so incredibly wrong . 
  signs on both sides are vandalised . 
  but perhaps you are going to say that all along you 'd gotten your tenses wrong and were just referring to a single once off incident - well , two , one on either side of the border - that you 're going to link me to to make me look silly . 
  right ? 
  a single incident of this happening ? 
   two people holding different opinions constitutes a disagreement . 
  someone as nitpicking as yourself ought to know that . 
  this is not an opinion . 
  whether or not the sun rises in the east is not a disagreement or two different opinions . 
  whether or not people go across the border to vandalise signs for londonderry is not a disagreement . 
  an argument requires , well , * an argument * . 
  simply stating that it happens is n't an argument . 
  ian paisley eats catholic babies !, 
  the queen is a reptilian !, 
  gerry adams wears a fake beard !, 
  those sorts of things . 
  though at least icke gives his reasoning . 
   as for whether or not the question is stale , i bored of it long ago and yet here you are still . 
  i know , i 'm just having fun trying to put your idea in the most ridiculous terms i can think of . 
  i 'm picturing you over there , little ordinance survey maps of the border counties with differently coloured pins in them , your mind afire with these notions of scallywags getting all pumped up on fenian music or * jeruuuusaleeem * before hopping the border to draw a line on a sign . 
   you 're right , all the colonies in the / u/could-you-not empire rose up against the tyranny of stale questions and every single day i feel penance for the way i so brutally oppressed their signage and suppressed their right to vandalism . 
   or maybe they did n't and you 're arguing against a person and not a country . 
  i do n't speak on behalf of britain and i definitely do not speak on behalf of your bogeymen . 
  ` you ' , in the language that england so graciously gave us ( seriously though , it 's great ) , is a troublesome word due to its use as a both the second person singular pronoun , * and * the second person plural pronoun . 
  so by ` you ' of course , i 'm speaking about the collective , referring to a generalisation of your nation in the same way that you referred to mine . 
  in ireland we avoid the confusion by using the hiberno-english word ` ye ' as a second person plural pronoun , but i try not to use it with english people as it tends to end up with an irish person trying to explain old english which makes the universe shudder a little . 
  unfortunately , and bizarrely given that you lads made the language this way , this issue with ` you ' seems to only ever arise when speaking to english people which makes it all a bit redundant . 
  i suspect it has something to do with the english having a cultural complex about being loathed the world over and wishing desperately to distance yourselves from the past . 
  do n't worry , i do n't hate * you * , personally , nor even modern britain really . 
  at this point , for those of us in ireland not obsessed with flegs and signs , britain is mostly just irrelevant . 
  the queen having to have dinner with martin mcguinness was worth a chuckle i suppose . 
   are you going to make a point or just talk shit in order to continue a disagreement long after it turned stale ? 
  i 'm continuing to ask you for any reasoning at all for believing that crossborder signage sabotage sallies are a regular occurance in ireland and northern ireland . 
  that you have completely failed to do so and are now trying to distance yourself from it without admitting that you are entirely wrong does not make this a ` disagreement ' nor the question ` stale ' . 
   oh wait , that 's exactly what the irish do , silly me . 
  god , i wonder why all those lovely colonies of yours did n't just enjoy basking in your benevolent radiance . 
  no , neither england nor northern ireland are provinces - you must be thinking of ulster - and are usually called countries , to the point of being listed separately in the name of your nation . 
  not * real * countries of course in the more global sense of the word but given that you disavowed them from being british a few posts back that makes them , what ? 
  - united kingdomian ? 
  let 's stick with northern irish , after the country they live in . 
  in these paintyraids , do the participants wear camo and stuff ? 
  organised night time blitz incursions into one side or the other , with a planned target and escape route ? 
  or is it more like islamist sleeper cells where militants from either side spend weeks , months or even years blending into the enemy community before lashing out in broad daylight with a scream of `` four letters in derry or death ! '', 
  or `` the queen still owns laois !, 
  '' , paint splattering across the traffic sign like the blood of their forefathers ? 
  funny , from here that looks like an england flag not a northern ireland one . 
  must be a very , very , very , very small red hand on there somewhere . 
  while it seems you 've flounced , if you feel like giving a single reason for believing your international spraypaint vandalism raid wars theory at any stage , do feel free to get over your huff and answer me . 
  it 's not beyond them , no . 
  but it 's also entirely uneccessary given that the majority of the population of the city reject the name . 
  i 'd talk about occam 's razor but you might think it 's a threat . 
  i 'm not sure what you think goes on in donegal and monaghan but i suspect they 've their own things to worry about without without organising spray paint raids , and i 've never heard of anyone sneaking into the republic to change county offaly back to king 's county . 
  but do enlighten me on what happens in my own country . 
  no , they did n't ` hop ' any border , as there 's nothing at the border to hop . 
  [ this is what the border looks like ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a5/the_border_on_killeen_school_road_-_geograph.org.uk_-_446719.jpg ) , and the common travel area means nobody has any less right to be north or south of it . 
  secondly , derry is probably the most ` irish ' of citys up north , there 's no shortage of lads happy to waste your time on a sign . 
  their football team has to play in the league of ireland because mini-rangers lindield fans ca n't control themselves . 
  well we would n't want you to be put out, 
  no , they would n't .
