  i guess beef is n't a protected name ? 
  lol . 
  so who does that benefit besides the owners of those food manufacturers ? 
  europe is paying 200-300 % the price of food in the united states because of these clumsy economics . 
  sure , the us has some problems with the quality of its food but it has not had [ horsemeat sold as beef in the 21st century ] ( http://www.cnn.com/2013/02/08/world/europe/uk-horsemeat-probe/index.html ) . 
  depends on the state , we actually succeeded to do that whole federal thing . 
   i refuse to reduce everything in life down to its economic and material value . 
  well , people do , have , and will continue to do so . 
  do you just enjoy paying more for the same thing because of a protected name and the government legislating price floors for common goods like milk , bread , and meat ? 
  why is the eu shitting all over its working class for the sake of protecting large multinational food corporations and [ chinese oligarchs ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20120824-controversy-erupts-over-sale-burgundy-wineyard-chinese-businessman-gevrey-chambartin/ ) ? 
  yet , who benefits from these designations ? 
  not your average consumer in the eu , only the top of the heap benefit from protected markets . 
  it is nice that you guys can come together to protect your oligarchs and think it should be a right to pay a higher price for something because it has a magical name . 
  i guess feudalism is just bred into you . 
   but our market in the eu is n't free to the entire world . 
  otherwise we would n't be negotiating super complex trade agreements . 
  no such thing as a free market , and those super complex trade agreements are not protecting europeans in general , they are protecting the billionaires who own those industries . 
  prices are higher and the quality is n't relative to the price . 
  i love europe but it is a silly place . 
  how is something atom for atom duplicate any different except economically ? 
  if i take the two of them and switch them behind my back , what happens ? 
  does each one become worth half as much as the original ? 
  protected markets reinforced by cultural chauvinism . 
  yeah , that is leagues better . 
  remind me how the european financial union is working out ? 
  oh right , it is impossible with such chauvinistic attitudes . 
  maybe in 10 years , once china has bought the trademark for champagne from france you guys will wake up and see how silly the idea of establishing a nomenclature police is . 
  no , they get to defend exclusivity for creating protected markets for some foodstuffs that have been around for millennia . 
  it is sheer economic chauvinism and nothing more . 
  there is nothing special about anyplace on the planet . 
  there is no unique bioregion without a corollary somewhere else capable of creating the same type of crop and where manufacturing processes are well known and established you can create whatever food you want without being able to tell the difference . 
  protecting names of foods is ridiculous . 
  sorry , i live in the 21st century . 
  it would be nice if europe would join the rest of the world on that . 
  ok , well your opinion on nomenclature has been noted and laughed at . 
  french sparkling wine you mean . 
  there is no fucking difference in the process of any sparkling wine . 
  french sparkling wine is no different . 
  france is not inhabited by elves using magical vineyards , it is inhabited by cultural elitists who have had a difficult time adjusting to a globalized marketplace . 
  being * original * is meaningless , except for economic reasons . 
  if the french ca n't make good enough brie to compete with wisconsin or quebecois brie , they should stop making it instead of crying for protection . 
  this is a globalized marketplace and the eu needs to learn it is not the center of the world anymore . 
  200 year old cheese recipes are n't decade old consumer electronics and to compare the two shows a lack of imagination . 
  that does n't mean that competitors are inferior , it just means that protected producers never need to become better . 
  every country has shitty food though . 
  does n't mean a canadian ca n't make better brie than the french . 
   so , they can keep calling it like the real thing `` if it 's good '' ? 
  because i 've seen chinese imitations of us brands that , on the high end , were almost indistinguishable from the originals . 
  so aesthetically there is no difference , you agree ? 
  that means the only reason is economic , as i alluded to before . 
  if someone recreates the mona lisa atom by atom , it is the same thing aesthetically . 
   a connoisseur who ca n't tell the difference between french and american brie was probably trained by the same company who produces the latter . 
  that is because the [ french are too chickenshit ] ( http://www.worldchampioncheese.org/contest/results/?event=55&amp;eventclass=269&amp;act=all_results ) to put their precious brie and other protected aoc into international competition even after being invited to do so . 
  aoc is purely economic , there is zero evidence of it being anything else in this day and age where food manufacturing processes can be replicated anywhere in the world . 
  [ california sparkling wine ] ( http://www.californiachampagnes.com/ ) at the top end is virtually the same and they are called champagne colloquially , well fucking everywhere . 
   that 's not to say you can not produce a similar product elsewhere , but you 're never going to get the same thing . 
  yet if you sit down a connoisseur they wo n't always be able to tell the difference , because it is more about economics than protecting anything actually unique about european food . 
  let 's not forget eu 's illustrious period in which they [ did not allow cucumbers to have bends or bananas to be straight ] ( http://europa.eu/rapid/press-release_ip-09-1059_en.htm ) because `` reasons '' . 
  no , it is not . 
  it is nigh indistinguishable if they use the same quality of ingredients and process it the same way . 
  i buy cheese from both the us and europe and at the high end there is almost no discernable difference . 
  it is the same shit the french were saying about california wine and they were wrong then and europeans are are wrong now . 
  let 's look at [ rieslings ] ( http://www.gayot.com/wine/varietals/best-riesling.html ) . 
  70 % of the best ones are outside of germany and half of those are from the united states . 
  should they call it riesling-like lol , lol , lol . 
  i think there might be the political wherewithal in the united states to help as well . 
  the ukrainian crisis is uniting our two parties somewhat , even if some on the right are trying to egg on obama to go toe to toe with the rooskies , the vast majority seems somberly united in the possibility of war with a bit of nationalistic pride as americans are wont to do . 
  human is human , but today we are all ukrainian . 
  good luck in the days and nights ahead . 
  because the kleptocrats in russia are all friendly with the russian mafia in various degrees . 
  if putin fucks up the good life up for them or their families , they will go sopranos on him . 
  once banking accounts are being seized and credit cards declined for these russian billionaire 's kids overseas putin will be a marked man . 
  how is the eu collective european identity coming along ? 
  german domestic policy is rigid and inflexible at the moment . 
  [ not really . 
  ] ( http://www.aei.org/outlook/foreign-and-defense-policy/defense/nato/german-hard-power-is-there-a-there-there/ )  in response to the 2008 global financial crisis and the ensuing european debt crisis , german chancellor angela merkel 's government adopted a constitutional amendment limiting new federal debt to 3.5 percent of gross domestic product ( gdp ) . 
  to comply with this break on debt [ schuldenbremse ] , in 2010 , finance minister wolfgang sch\u00e4uble prescribed every ministry an exact amount of money to be saved over the following four years . 
  in relation to its overall budget , defense had to cut the most : $ 8.3 billion until 2014 . 
  considering that the annual german defense budget is only about $ 30 billion , the prescribed reduction was substantial -- especially for a military establishment already existing on limited means . 
  it is all that corn they feed us soldiers . 
  corn  potato . 
  putin 's russia would not survive an occupation of ukraine . 
  once the economic sanctions kicked in , russia would instantly lose about half of its gdp , and it simply does not have the manpower or industry to shore that up by doing domestic war production . 
  a single boeing plant in the united states has more production ability for warplanes than all of russia combined . 
  putin would be assassinated by the kleptocrats that he surrounds himself with as soon as they felt threatened economically . 
  cheaper smuggled vodka/anti-freeze . 
  if putin 's rubber stamp parliament backs down they risk having domestic challenges to their rule and if a new government is ever ushered into russia democratically , the kleptocrats in the current government along with their families and friends will be in prison . 
  putin will do anything to make sure that does not happen . 
  110 % fair . 
   nothing would happen , militarily . 
  nato might mass troops in poland and germany for show but i doubt they would mobilize them even if the ukraine parliament asked for them to help eject the russians from ukrainian soil . 
  nato is not run by warhawks . 
  from what i understand [ nato still is n't massing troops ] ( http://www.dw.de/nato-wants-a-stable-ukraine/a-17460053 ) , yet . 
   such comments from nato ministers are unlikely to be followed up with troop movements . 
  previously russian president vladimir putin has put russian troops at the border to ukraine on alert . 
  russia 's defense minister , sergei shoigu said the russian forces ' maneuvers were not connected to the crisis in ukraine . 
  however , it would seem that was before russians entered the ukraine . 
  we should expect one of two things to happen : either nato begins massing troops in germany and poland or they issue another warning . 
  i 'm going to guess warning . 
  considering about [ one third of ukraine 's gdp was stolen by the ousted regime ] ( http://en.interfax.com.ua/news/general/193197.html ) , maybe putin is feeling the heat domestically for his own looting of the russian people .
