you do realize most apples in the us are fed to prisoners and schoolchildren right ? 
  yeah farmers have cheaters everywhere . 
  brew some of your own , it is a magical experience . 
  um , the kkk once was like 25 % of some us states by membership . 
  more likely a lot of it is institutional stuff for your prisons and schools . 
  probably like the usa and pickled herring , most pickled herring comes from minnesota and wisconsin but we import some stuff from scandinavian countries still . 
  the problem is the us does not ban chemicals until they are proven to cause cancer , the eu bans chemicals that can in theory cause cancer without actually doing the studies . 
  i 'm not sure which model is best . 
  dark ipa is pretty much half porter/half ipa . 
  it is meh . 
  we even have tried hopping mead , it was ok . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/know_nothing we had some ugly nationalist movements but they were mostly ridiculed out of existence before they got rolling . 
  the know nothing party has become synonymous now with foolishness and political ignorance , as has the kkk , the john birch society , and now the tea partiers . 
  i am surprised how seriously people take the ukip . 
  if the usa elected its representative to the un and the usa had an anti-un party , they would be satirized mercilessly in all popular media and in online communities . 
  to the point where they would cease to exist . 
  how does something like the ukip continue to exist ? 
  after you ethnically cleansed the area ... 
  i do n't think the uk has a leg to stand on when it comes to solving issues of apartheid after the northern ireland fuck up . 
  they built israel subs that can carry nuclear cruise missiles . 
  shh , that is a secret . 
  do you expect bussed in russians to know their way around ? 
  humans are humans and about 60 % of them live in federated nation states , the eu is taking a major risk thinking they are special but best of luck to you . 
  currently you have 30 duplicate sets of institutions and infrastructure , how you start winnowing that down is up to you but you are going to end up in something like a federation eventually . 
  confederations are inherently unstable and a unitary government like china is unthinkable in the eu . 
  a pure confederation , which is pretty much what the eu system is now has never been tried at the scale of what 400 million people ? 
  it also does not address the systemic issues facing the eu economically , in fact it instead allows the status quo of large industrial states like germany to use the depressed euro as a way of increasing exports to continue unabated , and it what end ? 
  price parity in a confederation is a completely new economic thing , economic incognita . 
  it could lead to the price of basic things in places like spain to be 10x what they cost in germany . 
  unitary state , good luck , the us , australia , canada , and mexico , all federations have had movements to try that and the results are dismal for nations with far more culturally homogenous populations . 
  a pure economic union is impossible unless you want to completely remove veto powers and unanimous voting . 
  does germany and france want the baltics to determine the price floors for agricultural products that they do n't even produce ? 
  i do n't see how that can work either . 
  i 'm not thinking in silly absolutes , i 'm being pragmatic . 
  federations are well tested forms of government that have lasted 100 's of years . 
  the eu is not some special fairytale land where humans act differently from everyone else on the planet . 
  i completely disagree , if the eu ca n't even make it to the point of being a united federation , it will collapse . 
  there is no example in history of institutions where the eu in its current form of 75 % of the laws it passes being accepted by the various countries that comprise the `` union '' working out in the long term . 
  there have been democratic and economic pressures pulling it apart from day one . 
  if the eu ca n't eventually unite under a federal system of government , it is doomed as a meaningful experiment . 
  if it can not federate , it will be used by those in power to maintain an indefinite status quo of nations who waste vast resources replicating infrastructure and institutions . 
  the people who own the companies building and maintaining that infrastructure and staffing those institutions will be the prime beneficiaries . 
  i did not say they were but eventually the eu will be a federation and you will be able to say the same thing about the former nations of europe . 
  most americans ca n't identify all 50 states and less than 10 % even know we still have us territories overseas . 
  i can do all the mexican and canadian states but none of the europeans ones . 
  apparently a pretty terrible one from the looks of it . 
  he is just another millionaire * socialist * playing politics because he can afford to , not because he has to . 
  a true federated eu needs to happen sooner than latter . 
  currently you are replicating 20 + basic army units like basic infantry in each country . 
  defense spending in a federal eu would be cheaper or at least more effective than today . 
  if this happens i will enlist in the us army corp of engineers the next day . 
  good luck finland . 
  shh . 
  do it !, 
  well hopefully you guys will be under a real federated eu eventually , it is not like you are going to be parted forever governmentally if the scots vote yes . 
  which is why things like the wto ostensibly exist , so that new industries and technologies are n't overwhelmed by populist sentiment and political favoritism for national , local , regional etc concerns . 
  it is n't working out very well . 
  instead it is forcing countries to adopt market regulations and even criminal laws that protect older and more established industries like the music and movie industry while doing almost nothing for things like cryptocurrencies which have had 600 million dollars stolen from their exchanges in the past year . 
  us is a slow plodding behemoth that eventually does good after dragging its feet for decades . 
  the entire us checks and balance system was designed that way . 
  i would wager this would struck down in the courts but it might take 10-12 years . 
  [ lol , no you do n't . 
  ] ( http://www.motherjones.com/blue-marble/2012/01/america-food-spending-less ) [ netherlands ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/country_result.jsp?country=netherlands ) look , i love visiting my family in the uk and travelling to europe but the prices are far higher for everything food related , when there is no real reason for it . 
  we do n't have taxes on food in most states , in my state of oregon we have 0 % sales/vat tax on anything . 
  while the [ eu is attempting to expand more and more vat taxes on food ] ( http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/293240/eu-plan-to-slap-vat-on-food ) . 
  that does n't even get into the common agricultural policy that is [ the prime culprit ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-11216061 ) for europe , outside of japan and the gulf states , being home to the highest prices for food in the world . 
   major beneficiaries include rich landowners such as the british royal family and european aristocrats with big inherited estates , according to farmsubsidy.org , a group campaigning for eu transparency . 
  brie is a not a big mac , there are 100 's of way to make brie whether france likes to call it brie or not . 
  big mac is a homogenous thing mostly . 
  brie is not . 
  there has been [ canadian brie for at least 60 years ] ( http://fromagesduquebec.qc.ca/en/cheese_makers/ ) and american brie for at least 50 years . 
  it is now a style that can be experimented upon , it is not a standardized/regional/cultural thing . 
  remember when spanish steel was a thing ? 
  well we can make that anywhere now , same with cheeses . 
  ca n't [ trademark styles of food ] ( http://www.eatwisconsincheese.com/cheese/article.aspx?cid=9 ) in the united states only pure bred varietals . 
  yeah , those damn cheesemakers making new types of cheese instead of creating the same shit , over and over . 
  [ the horror . 
  ] ( http://www.cypressgrovechevre.com/our-cheese/soft-ripened-cheeses/humboldt-fog-grande.html ), 
   the customers , because they know what they get . 
  it 's not like the style is protected , just the name . 
  anyone can produce a cheaper alternative . 
  so the european working class benefits by not being able to easily afford their own food from their own region because it is more profitable to export ? 
  i see . 
   this has nothing at all to do with this topic . 
  but it does , it comes from the same sort of economic isolationism and protectionism which is making a financial union of eu states likely impossible . 
  do you expect the 30 + competing agricultural policies to survive in a federal eu ? 
  well i hope you succeed and i hope more innovation comes from it . 
  i have enjoyed watching the craft beer scene in europe keep getting better and better every time i visit . 
  when i first visited in the early 1990 's it seemed there were only 4-5 options for beer in an entire country . 
   also , you need to understand , this system of regional exclusiveness was not originally about the money . 
  it 's about cultural heritage . 
  the people of the respective regions are proud of their product . 
  that is fine and dandy but now the only thing it is doing is artificially raising the prices for european consumers who do n't have access to other markets ' simulacra . 
  yet here in the americas we can get blood oranges grown in south american volcanic soil year round that are perfectly bloody . 
  zeus was not responsible for mt etna 's magical fields . 
  look , i just want europeans to innovate . 
  you are directly opposing that when creating protected markets . 
  i want to see an irish beer that is not guiness making it internationally , that is all . 
  i think this protectionism is hurting you more than helping . 
  http://www.cnn.com/2013/02/08/world/europe/uk-horsemeat-probe/index.html oh , so horse/beefmeat is ok .
