  atlee - founded the nhs and the welfare state . 
  tony blair - only kidding . 
  may was very very very quiet in the referendum , and she 's been pushing for the conservatives to reach out the the right for a long time . 
  her facilitation of democracy is also undermined by the fact she 's serving as prime minister without a democratic mandate , and is n't going to let parliament vote on the nature of brexit . 
  so much for parliament taking back sovereignty from the eu . 
  the government has decided we 're going for hard brexit , and is n't willing to put it to a parliamentary or general vote , as if the referendum result is somehow a blank cheque for the government to do anything they want , without any democratic oversight . 
  whatever way someone voted in the referendum , this should be a serious concern . 
  but it 's not . 
  that 's normal - most hotels in europe will make a photo-copy of your passport for their records . 
  if it 's the night-porter he 's probably holding them for when a manager arrives to sort that out . 
  i would n't say its an ugly stereotype , it just confused people because european culture is a bit more reserved , at least in northern/central europe . 
  one thing that i notice specifically is how americans are sincere in a way that a lot of people in the uk are n't and it can often come across as sarcastic or passive aggressive . 
  to provide a reverse however , i 've also noticed that when you greet an american with ` alright ? ', 
  ( which is basically a way of saying hello , you 're not supposed to answer with anything other than ` not bad , you ? ' ), 
  they look confused as to why someones come up to them and asked them how they are without saying anything else . 
  either a value vodka/gin/whiskey from a supermarket or corner shop ( 7 or 8 quid for a 750ml bottle ) , or else as someone else has mentioned , the high abv white ciders like white ace , thunder bird , red k and white lightning , all collectively known as electric soup ( 3 quid of so for 2/3 litres ), 
  that last one is incredible . 
  he 's so composed . 
  getting smashed in the face unannounced and he can still perfectly pronounce ' i ca n't believe you 've done this ' is queens english . 
  the further you are from london , the more incomprehensible it becomes , if you 're an outsider . 
  i know americans have issues understanding people from the north east of england and glasgow . 
  the latter is basically an english dialect . 
  welsh valley accents can be tough as well if your not used to it or not paying attention . 
  i went to cambodia for a few weeks as my girlfriend at the time was working out there . 
  really enjoyed it , especially phnom pehn . 
  really beautiful country and the people are very relaxed . 
  was nice to have someone who had been living there for nearly a year , being able to speak a bit of khmer will show you 're not some yahoo . 
  did the touristy stuff like the killing fields ( which was horrible , for obvious reasons . 
  took the wind out of my sails for a few days ) . 
  ankor wat is also incredible , and there 's so much to see . 
  it 's hyper touristy though , and siem reap , the town nearby , is heaving with tourists . 
  it reminded me a bit of a spanish island party resort . 
  lots of brits , americans and australians all getting drunk in cheap bars . 
  did n't stay there longer than a day - phnom pehn was a bit more relaxed . 
  food was really good as well . 
  actually developed a taste for crickets and spiders . 
  like meaty popcorn . 
  i 'd definitely recommend it , but it can be a bit of an emotional ride . 
  there 's lots of poverty and you see lots of kids on their own roaming around the streets . 
  the recent history is obviously tragic as well , and there are reminders to the khmer rouge regime everywhere . 
  everyone is generally very welcoming and will put up when you struggle with khmer from a guide book . 
  best thing is to try and spend your money where you think it might go further , there are a bunch of not-for-profit bars and restaurants and hotels that could use your money . 
  try and get into the country side as well because it 's stunning . 
  you had all those shiny colonies !, 
  i would n't take offence . 
  europe , even the uk , is very very different from the us despite what appear to be similarities . 
  not necessarily in terms of culture , but life style and value systems . 
  i do n't think people would say one is better or worse , but people who have lived in europe would probably seek something more familiar . 
  american exceptionalism extends beyond foreign policy . 
  it is a unique place and as such , harder to imagine living there for a lot of people . 
  that 's my take anyway . 
  do what the guy in the shiny hat tells you to do . 
  pardon my french - what you say before or after swearing amongst people it may have offended going dutch - splitting a bill equally double dutch - incomprehensible, 
  peanut butter is relatively popular but not a staple by any means . 
  jam is a big deal . 
  people are mad for jam and marmelade and put it on anything . 
  frozen meals are quite popular . 
  most supermarkets have a wide range if you ca n't be arsed to cook . 
  breakfast is where the uk shines in food . 
  cooked breakfast and baps are very popular . 
  pubs open early to serve them . 
  other than that it 's porridge ( oatmeal ) or cereal . 
  we have a lot of american fizzy drinks but things like tango , r whites , lucozade , irn bru and vimto are popular british brands . 
  national drink is beer . 
  lager had been popular since the 1980s mostly european . 
  ale is as big i 'd say , ignore the stereotype of warm flat beer . 
  its quite regional , some areas preferring different styles . 
  craft beer is a thing but usually it 's used as a trendy name for ale . 
  gin and whisky are big as well . 
  also the need to drink drive is less pronounced . 
  prevalence of pubs means your rarely less than a short walk from your local pub even if you 're out in sticks . 
  i know what you mean . 
  i hate the politician but as a character he 's intriguing . 
  his dad was on telly a lot in brexit and he 's like his son with everything turned up to 11 . 
  very watchable !, 
  i 'm a bit of a traditionalist . 
  a crunchy ultra mature cheddar and stilton are my favourites . 
  i generally do n't like the harder , waxy cheeses like emmental . 
  i 'll kick things off with saddiq khan ( london mayor ) generally he seems to represent london fairly well by focusing on housing and pollution , has made tangible changes and has taken an axe to the unpopular white elephants of his predecessor . 
  i disagree with him in more areas than i 'm behind him , but as a political figure he seems pretty calm and pragmatic , in stark contrast to the government and his own opposition party . 
  tricky thing is how do you divvy up the uk ? 
  is it just wales , ni scotland and england ? 
  that 's note hugely democratic because england which is over 50 million , can be veto 'd in referendums by scotland and ni which have a combined population less than london . 
  if you chop the uk into federated regions that might be a start . 
  but that 's wholesale constitutional refurbishment , and politicians in power do n't really have any incentive to change a constitution that delivers them to office . 
  if it 's within the uk , train . 
  the rail system here has good coverage , but it can be expensive so you need to book in advance . 
  visited the peak district ( a mountainous national park near manchester ) recently . 
  only took 2 hours from london for # 30 return . 
  i like visiting normandy and brittany so a ferry is always a fun option . 
  you can get cheap train tickets to the southern ports and the ferry is very cheap if you just take your bike . 
  for anything else , easy jet . 
  i 'm a nervous flyer but most places are within 2-3 hours which is bearable . 
  i have driven from london to genoa once , camping along the way . 
  it was fun but a little tiring . 
  never again i 'm afraid . 
  lots of people waxing about the voting system . 
  yeah it 's not great , but the us is still totally a two party system and so the proportional system does n't skewer results in the same way as it does in the uk for example . 
  as many have said though , as blatant as clinton is as corrupt and cynical , trump is actually dangerous because he is quite obviously incompetent and worse yet quite happy to do or say anything if he thinks it will help him arrive at his ends . 
  i still think the druids are just people who like to dance around naked outside and built a culture around just that .
