  but look at another decade and you 'll see how huge the scale used to be . 
  in the 1960s we had segregation in the us , spain and portugal under authoritarian regimes , real threat of nuclear war , europe divided into two military camps , africa ablaze with colonial revolutions and civil wars , china killing millions in agrarian reforms , the uk and france trying to hold onto their empires , vietnam . 
  i 'm not suggesting history is a record of constant advancement and that things ca n't go south , but i do n't think events from the last decade come close to a lot of the ones that proceeded it . 
  i 'm also not suggesting we do n't face significant problems either , but i do n't think it 's reasonable to suggest that the world has been stable until recently . 
  both are literally mind-blowing concepts , so it almost does n't matter to me . 
  i do n't think there is just one . 
  the bbc does a good job in terms of broadcasting - both the left and the right complain about bias which means they must be doing something right - though they 're not always consistent to their own rules . 
  as for print media , a bit of the times , ft and guardian will probably give you the most centrist and neutral coverage , if you stay away from the heavily politicised opinion pieces . 
  issue is in the uk papers are normally unofficially tied to a specific political party , so its hard to get unbiased coverage as the papers will either be labour or more likely tory supporting . 
  brown was n't elected . 
  best : it 's usually a dust-up between clement atlee and churchill , which is interesting because they fought elections against each other . 
  worst : anthony eden , because the suez crisis was such a spectacular cock-up . 
  when i was younger people would say john major but for some reason all seems forgiven . 
  people might say brown but he was n't elected . 
  controversial ones : blair and thatcher . 
  both hated and admired in ( roughly ) equal measure , made some huge reforms that we still live with today and won 3 elections each but did a lot of stuff that pissed off a lot of people that poisoned their legacy . 
  ukip is n't that popular , it fluctuates between 8 % and 14 % , similar to the liberal democrats , a party that was almost wiped out less than 2 years ago . 
  calling china left wing is a bit of a stretch as well , what with their relation with human rights and democracy . 
  the german cdu is centre right/conservative in coalition with the centre left sdp . 
  tell me more about this free beer . 
  aye i know . 
  for a second i thought you meant schengen = free tickets and i got excited . 
  unlike those communist hell holes in sweden and the netherlands . 
  france , netherlands and germany are this year . 
  the french electoral system in all likelihood will keep le pen out , and in germany either of the potential chancellors are fairly pragmatic individuals . 
  netherlands has de wilders who is polling fairly well , but thanks to proportional representation he 'll either be shut out of a coalition or forced to serve in one . 
  we 've got iran this year as well , which is obviously pretty huge . 
  next year is the russian presidential `` election '' but i would n't expect any surprises there . 
  getting more common and safer but probably still a ways to go for the most part . 
  in the country side it 's a popular way to get around , and as a sport its quite closely followed . 
  every weekend you 'll see big groups of the lycra-clad going on long rides . 
  a few cities have it sussed , like york and cambridge , but in london , which does have a growing number of cyclists and lots of effort to improve safety , there 's still a ways to go . 
  our antiquated political system has antiquated views on cycling however . 
  the transport secretary recently claimed that cycling is not a form of transport - which seemed a strange statement to make . 
  luckily the new city mayors of london , bristol and soon manchester plus a bunch of others are all very pro-cycling of all the obvious benefits it brings to public health , congestion and pollution . 
  i think over the next decade or so it 's going to reach some sort of tipping point , especially in london . 
  free travel ?!, 
  edit : apparently i need to caveat this with an / s, 
  in the home counties it was blackthorn or scrumpy jack because of the need to keep up appearances and property prices . 
  probably ones i 'm more familiar with . 
  i 'm more interested in going somewhere i 've never been before , like denmark , than i am in going somewhere i have been loads and loads , like france . 
  that 's not to say i do n't find france interesting , because france is , to put it mildly , an interesting place ( except lille ) - there are still lots of places i 'd like to visit there , but i 'm just less interested in going to them than say copenhagen or sofia . 
  the express is n't even right leaning , because that would suggest it has some sort of grounding in reality . 
  it 's specialities are soft-core pornography , rumours about celebrities most people have never heard of , sprinkled with made up stories that hold the intelligence ( ? ), 
  of their readership in incredible contempt . 
  it is about as informative as the beano and not nearly as entertaining . 
  only if they look like evil lairs or willys . 
  [ liberal feminism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberal_feminism ) [ marxist feminism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marxist_feminism ) in a nutshell , they 're basically feminist interpretations of liberalism/marxism , or rather , liberalism/marxism applied to gender roles . 
  luckily enough they see us as dick whittington types , prancing down streets paved with gold to our well salaried jobs in the banking sector , flat white in one hand , despicable foreign breakfast pastry in the other . 
  what a perfect union we are . 
  i think legally men and women are equal but that does n't play out in practice . 
  various aspects of society , business and politics to name just three ` spheres ' for whatever reason make it more difficult for women to compete at an equal footing of men some times . 
  i do n't think it 's necessarily overt sexism that 's the key issue , though it is an issue , but rather things done unconsciously or tacitly . 
  i also do n't think its universally true that women are treated unequally , but i would certainly say you 're more likely to face discrimination based on your gender if you are a woman : look at the wage gap which exists nearly everywhere to varying degrees . 
  i also think that a lot of mainstream discussion about gender politics and feminism is monstrously reductive and counter productive . 
  feminism and gender studies are incredibly broad subjects that place different levels of emphasis on different things . 
  liberal feminism and marxist feminism are both radically different concepts , but are often lumped together under the same umbrella . 
  this is why you see people self-describing as an anti-feminist , people believe feminism is a monolithic movement that you are either for or against , rather than being in reality a incredibly wide and contradictory school politics and sociology , which is evident at even a cursory glance . 
  churchill completely misread the public mood after the war . 
  he wanted to rebuild britain back into a global , imperial power , the public having gone through 6 years of war were totally uninterested in geopolitics . 
  labour party and clement atlee tapped into the public mood perfectly , by promising tangible benefits , such as social security and the nhs ( national health service ) . 
  also , clement atlee was well known as the man who ran the uk during the war ( churchill ran the war ) due to the wartime coalition government . 
  [ good documentary here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=swxtbg3gujw ) . 
  its a bit churchill worshippy but thats part and parcel of anything covering this period . 
  europe is n't perfect but it 's a stretch to say we 're less free . 
  arguably things like maternity leave and sick leave being as generous as it is make us more so . 
  thing is it 's a matter of perspective . 
  it 's less simple to own a fire arm for example , and on average we probably pay more tax . 
  depends entirely on your perspective . 
  when dealing with things as big as the us or europe there are no definitive answers . 
  not brilliant but getting better . 
  renewables , especially wind , are making up a bigger and bigger share . 
  uk is also investing in wave and tidal technology because being an island it makes sense . 
  we 're still quite wedded to nuclear though . 
  which has its ups and downs . 
  everyone i know who used to smoke now has some sort of vape . 
  thankfully they 're the little ones , not the giant aluminium flutes you see some people huffing out huge billows of cake scented smoke out of . 
  i personally use one of [ these ] ( http://gloimg.gearbest.com/gb/pdm-product-pic/electronic/2016/09/14/goods-img/1473805562621253511.jpg ) . 
  upsides - i do n't smell - i 've saved lots of money - i can regulate my nicotine intake - exercise is much easier - no more coughing up lung butter downsides - even with a tiny little vape pen you still look like a jeb end - nicotine is still one of natures nastier chemicals and i 'll have to wean myself of it sooner or later - its still # 20 a month that could be better spent . 
  around that time we 'll have actually left the eu , rather than just saying we are . 
  but at least you know it 'll be over in 2020 , just when the fun starts over here . . 
  of course we 'd miss you . 
  do n't worry too much about fucking up , if you fucked up as much as us , we 'd probably all be dead . 
  sort of . 
  for some reason they 're always selling them in shopping centres . 
  ca n't get them anywhere else unless you 're in a german bar . 
  if its for the purpose of a joke or teasing , then yeah that 's fine . 
  saying ' i do n't like muslims/americans/whatever ' just as an honest statement would make you look like giant chode , unless you 're with other giant chodes . 
  yes i agree . 
  that 's why i said it would take a hit . 
  falklands sounds a bit like being in the hebridies , but much harder to get to . 
  i 'd like to go to gibraltar for the novelty , and to see the rock . 
  monkeys are cool as well . 
  most of the rest are military bases you ca n't really get to . 
  i would like to go to the caymans or bermuda though . 
  i do n't see it changing that much . 
  london is attractive to the financial sector for more reasons that access to the single market . 
  it 'll take a hit , and some larger corporations will spread out into france or germany , but the location , infrastructure , labour pool , language and domestic market are all huge pull factors . 
  brexit was n't just a vote about europe in practise . 
  it was certainly a big factor but there was much more at play .
