  i like cask beer much more if it 's been through a northern sparkler . 
  i do n't know a single person in the south who has ever accepted this as a legitimate opinion , and just think 's i 'm trying to wind them up . 
  for the uninitiated , in the north , cask beer is normally forced through this mini shower head thing , aerating the beer as it 's served . 
  this is not really done in the south and makes a subtle but noticeable change in flavour and big change in appearance . 
  [ this is with a sparkler ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/_tvyeuonrzx4/tmrmfhqgkyi/aaaaaaaaahw/ct7ykzzvqke/s1600/dsc00394.jpg ) [ this is without ] ( https://bucolicaholic.files.wordpress.com/2016/08/pint_1_1.jpg?w=257&amp;h=308&amp;crop=1 ), 
  the m4 ? 
  not sure if this counts . 
  there are many , below are some of the more well known ones , but each part of the country has lots of different names for rival towns and cities . 
  londoner/cockney for london manc for manchester - derived from manchester scouser for liverpool - after the stew called scouse . 
  brummie for birmingham , derived from older names for birmingham . 
  yam yam for black country - basically a joke about the accent there , instead of saying ` you are ' they say ` you am ' pronounced , ` yam ' . 
  geordie or magpie for newcastle - geordie has a contested origin , magpie due to newcastle united 's black and white kit . 
  mackem for sunderland ( derived from ` make them ' - ` mak 'em ' due to sunderland previously being famous for ship building ) smoggy or teesider for middlesbrough - smoggy because there used to be a still is a lot of chemical works and steel mills , making the area quite polluted . 
  monkey hanger for hartlepool - urban legend says that in the napoleonic war , a french ship wrecked off hartlepool . 
  the only survivor from the ship was it 's mascot , a monkey dressed as an naval officer . 
  the locals had never seen a frenchman before , so assumed he was an actual officer . 
  they put him on trial and hung him . 
  northerners are generally called monkeys , because they 're seen as uncouth and uncivilised . 
  southerners are generally referred to as ` shandy drinkers ' ( shandy is beer and clear lemonade mixed in equal measure ) because they 're seen as being ` soft ' and effeminate . 
  taff or sheep-shagger for welshman . 
  the former because of a nursery rhyme , the latter because the sheep outnumber the people ) jock for scots - not sure paddy for irish - derived from patrick . 
  tory bastard for the english, 
  we have an massively constraining political system . 
  the executive and the legislature are basically fused into one terrifying blob , and every week the pm is held under a microscope by mp 's at pmqs . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=azumeghmcy8 ) is a particularly famous exchange between pm major and then leader of opposition blair . 
  essentially , the pm and govt is in a constant state of open warfare with the house of commons , and it takes constant threats , cajoling , promises and pleading to get anything done . 
  a prime minister trump would spend 2 years getting nothing done before his mp 's got rid of him . 
  in the uk , 200 miles is a fucking international holiday . 
  bloody hell no . 
  have you * seen * the welsh language ? 
  it 's banned from most indoor places and even some outdoor places . 
  most smokers will even go outside to smoke in their own homes . 
  i do n't think smoking is necessarily looked down on though . 
  everyone knows the health risks of doing it , and no smoker is under any illusion that they 're not going to have to quit at some point . 
  lots of people have taken up vapeing as a result . 
  in fact every smoker i know has made the switch , including myself . 
  i think people are more likely to look down on the people who have those huge aluminium flutes bellowing out huge clouds than a guy wheezing on a fag . 
  favourite attraction in london is british museum . 
  i used to go once a week in my lunch break when i worked near there . 
  it sounds like it 's just a museum of british history , but in reality , it 's hundreds of rooms full of priceless articles of cultural significance wot we stole from other countries . 
  you can tell you 're going to see some cool stuff when you walk in and the fucking rosetta stone is just sat in the entrance way like it 's no big thing . 
  you could spend all day there and you wo n't see everything , unless you just run through all the rooms as fast as you can , but it 's better to take your time . 
  plus it 's free , just do n't go on a national holiday or the weekend . 
  in addition to that tate modern and tate britain are great . 
  tate modern is worth it for the building alone , its basically an old brick coal power plant that they gutted and stuffed with mind expanding installations . 
  the gallery itself is quite confined but in the main room ( the turbine hall ) there 's normally an [ impossibly big installation ] ( http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/624/media/images/72382000/jpg/_72382505_16ad6b44-708e-4bf2-9aac-bc7e8cba71eb.jpg ) . 
  tate britain is more traditional art . 
  even if you 're not into art both places are worth visiting . 
  as is the national gallery . 
  again , these are all free . 
  also , go for some walks . 
  walking along the south bank is nice , lots to see , very good views . 
  as is hyde park , st james park and maritime greenwich ( the observatory hill in greenwich park is probably the best view in the city . 
  pubs as well . 
  ye olde cheshire cheese on fleet street , princess louise in holborn , lamb and flag or porterhouse - both in covent garden , city of yorke in chancery lane , the harp off the strand , the royal oak in borough , the angel in bermondsey . 
  also , the bermondsey beer mile is good if you like weird beers and sitting in the actual brewery . 
  others will likely comment with other pubs you should try , there are too many to list . 
  if you fancy staying out a bit later , a reliable night out can usually be found in shoreditch and peckham . 
  fabric has reopened if that 's your thing . 
  i 'd avoid clubs in central london because they 're either aimed at students or tourists , and thus either cheap and very nasty , or hugely expensive and boring . 
  i 'm no expert on this because i prefer pubs to clubs but it 's a useful rule of thumb . 
  and food . 
  i 'd recommend going for a classic curry , one of the uk 's most popular foods . 
  you can either try bricklane or drummond street for this . 
  turkish grill restaurants are good if you like meat , hackney and new cross normally have the better places . 
  if you want to try british food , most pubs will serve it - fish and chips , steak and kidney pudding , bangers and mash , that kind of thing . 
  every nationality is represented somewhere in london , as is their food . 
  vietnamese in deptford or hoxton , italian in soho , the list goes on and on . 
  if you really care you can have a look at big ben and buckingham palace and the like , but these are just landmarks and unlikely to entertain you a great deal . 
  if you must just have a look around in the morning before diving into the proper stuff i 've mentioned above . 
  enjoy !, 
  you just top it up dude - # 10 usually is enough for a day or two depending on how much you use it . 
  no need to buy a week long ticket , they 're largely made for commuters who are using it a lot everyday . 
  there 's no special tourist tickets though . 
  which seems odd . 
  games and gaming culture is pretty mainstream in the uk . 
  has been for decades now . 
  major part of youth culture since the 1980s , and now those people are all grown up with kids . 
  dad and son having a game of fifa or mario kart seems a lot better than watching the shite on the telly . 
  anyway . 
  to each his own mate . 
  for both - france . 
  sometimes you get a cashier who throws your purchases at you and gives you death stares . 
  other times you 're in a bar and you ca n't get the waiter to leave you alone because he wants to chat and make jokes . 
  the uk is always a solid 5/10 no matter what - glum but polite , in france , its either 0/10 or 10/10 . 
  for london , just buy an oyster card and put some cash in it at the machines . 
  for zones 1-4 ( you wo n't be travelling out any further ) oysters cap at # 9 or so , basically , you simply ca n't spend more than that amount in a given day . 
  basically , get an oyster card - they 're sold from most train and tube station and even shops . 
  do n't buy single ticket at any point - its basically a tax on stupid people . 
  just use an oyster and top up as and when you need to . 
  as for walking , most of what people want to see in london is very walkable . 
  trafalgar square , to horseguards parade , to buckingham palace , to big ben , to the london eye is n't even going to break 3 miles . 
  i 'd recommend walking as much as possible , it 's how you find the good pubs , get away from the tourists and there 's plenty to see . 
  if you 're in a rush or get lost , just jump on the tube and get your bearings . 
  also , get an app called city mapper , everyone uses it to find there way around . 
  basically tells you how to get to anywhere , how long it will take , and gives you options on how to do it . 
  even if you 're walking it 's useful to have . 
  if you want more info pm me or check the wiki over at r/london . 
  i think you might be right about field hockey - though i do n't think i 've ever known a basket ball team . 
  guess it depends on who you know and what you do .
