  side note - can we stop equating the two ? 
  brexit is far from an intelligent idea , and i voted remain , but it 's not the same as voting in a racist , anti-semitic sexual predator to the highest office . 
  obviously its bigger geographically and thus more diverse . 
  culturally - i guess it depends . 
  uk is made up of a number of ancient kingdoms , themselves made up of lots of smaller , more ancient kingdoms , added on top is all the stuff we borrowed ( stole ) from when we had an empire . 
  that means we have a lot of shit you do n't have . 
  it was a module when i was studying at school . 
  i think it 's an interesting conflict because it had such a huge cultural and political fallout - not a million miles from ww1 ( though obviously the scale was n't the same ) . 
  it 's generally taught within the cold-war domino effect mentality of the time , but also from the youth culture movement as well . 
  it 's interesting , and indeed natural , but it does n't seem possible from here . 
  there was a very short lived campaign for london independence after brexit ( london has for most of the last few decades been politically very different from the rest of the country , and voted very heavily for remain ) . 
  people quickly realised how problematic this would be , and turned their attention elsewhere . 
  other than that , protesting seems perfectly legitimate in the circumstances . 
  trump won the presidency without winning the popular vote , having previously criticised the electoral college system , so its understandable that a lot of people are unhappy . 
  as a side note , turnout seems ridiculously low in the us . 
  if i lived there my main issue would not be with the results in elections , but the quite obvious attempts to make voting for some people increasingly difficult . 
  there have been several major and abortive attempts to digitize the nhs for the obvious benefits of information sharing . 
  this issue is getting every trust , gp , hospital and clinic to agree to a unified format of gathering and storing information . 
  they all have their own ways of doing it , and coming to a compromise on the issue is very much a case of herding cats . 
  familiarity breeds contempt, 
  sorry i meant the actual elections . 
  rather than the position itself . 
  aye , french presidential system seems much better . 
  gives third parties a chance , but also results in a majority . 
  which one ? 
  us or uk ? 
  aye , its a joint venture , but all the maintenance facilities are in the us ( georgia i think ) . 
  i guess in a pinch the warheads could be converted to be used in a different delivery system . 
  albeit a far more vulnerable one . 
  i lived in airbnb rentals for 9 months when i worked in france . 
  so there 's that . 
  roast pork , roast potatoes , roast carrots , braised red cabbage , yorkshire puddings , turn the dripping into gravy all washed down with hobgoblin . 
  champion . 
  trumpets of death ? 
  or is my french that bad ? 
  either way , sounds pretty metal . 
  aye , it 's the blind spot of representative democracies . 
  to be honest it 's probably the most american thing you 've ever done . 
  but seriously , sort out your voting laws and the electoral college . 
  they make our system look sensible . 
  americans do n't have short crust steak and ale pie . 
  nik nak sandwiches are pretty decent . 
  sounds very similar the the uk . 
  as the last veterans have died out its become less about remembering the people who died in the war , and more about honouring their sacrifice for the country . 
  the difference is subtle , but significant at the same time . 
  a shame . 
  not sure about any of this . 
  ukip still only polls at 11 % , a similar level to the liberal democrats . 
  labour under jeremy corbyn are at 27 % . 
  they are not a potent political force within westminster , and struggle to gain seats even when they concentrate their efforts . 
  their popular support is far lower than far right movements in say , france , germany or the netherlands . 
  euroscepticism was a feature of both major uk political parties well before ukip was a thing , and they certainly do n't hold a monopoly anti-eu sentiment . 
  also , uk is hardly a troublemaker . 
  leaving the eu is a blow for both sides ( imo ) but the uk is not seeking to expand in any shape or form within the continent or elsewhere . 
  the appetite for conflict of any sort has been on the wane since the iraq conflict , and the disaster of libya have only magnified this . 
  there are no blood and soil grievances . 
  similarly , the uk military has been quite substantially reduced since eve the early 2000s , and today would probably not be able to maintain the sort of operations it could even 10 years ago . 
  also , the uk is not particularly pro russian by any means . 
  relations are very frosty , thanks to ukraine and litvinenko 's assassination , of which the trial ruled was a conspiracy to murder that went all the way to the top of the kremlin . 
  the uk was also one of the louder voices calling for russian sanctions . 
  not sure where you 're getting your info about serbia from either . 
  uk played a major role in the nato intervention in kosovo , and also confronted the russians in that particular conflict . 
  the uk continues to recognise kosovo as an independent territory , hardly a sign they support serbia . 
  be careful when making comparisons to nazism . 
  its an ideology that led to the industrial slaughter of millions of people based on the faux-science of social-darwinism . 
  making glib comparisons undersells the brutality of that regime . 
  i do n't wish to down play the quite obvious racist rhetoric of ukip , but you have to be very careful in drawing those kind of comparisons . 
  you might be horrified to hear they do tins of beans with sausages mixed in as well . 
  i say sausages but they do n't really have any meat in them and just taste of beans . 
  they even do full english breakfasts in a tin . 
  they 're only for the hardcore park bench cider drinkers though . 
  forgive me if i 'm wrong ( which i am more than i 'd like to admit ) but that sounds like an argument against conscription that an eu army . 
  what did you say about baked beans ?!, 
  reeeeeeeee, 
  according to gov.uk you need to apply for a ` marriage or civil partnership visa ' which means you 'd have to leave the uk after 6 months . 
  full details here . 
  https://www.gov.uk/marriage-visa looks like a fairly normal visa to me . 
  if you 're thinking of doing this seriously its probably worth contacting the uk embassy/consulate near where you live . 
  england and ireland ( republic of ) both have equal marriage, 
  the whole food thing . 
  what is disgusting about pies , pasties , potatoes , gravy and hulking great slabs of roast meat ? 
  it 's not world beating or refined but its hardly fucking bad . 
  euroscepticism has been rife in the conservative party for decades , and paralysed the government in the 1990s . 
  labour also has a eurosceptic streak ( though not a big one ) and originally campaigned not to join the eu back in the 1970s . 
  to be fair , it is a very nice hat , but it 's still a hat . 
  as for article 50 ( if that 's what you meant ) , it 's still in the courts but it will basically have to go to parliament . 
  may really fucked it . 
  big time . 
  should have had a draft ready for parliament just in case and submitted it the same week as the first court decision , inexplicably is banking on the impossible . 
  article 50 is 2017 . 
  i guess we can try and win it next year ? 
  i bet trump goes and ruins it for us by nuking mexico or something . 
  apart from some of the more nutty elements , the us constitution is a work of art . 
  if the uk had a written constitution half as well put together as that we 'd be a better place for it . 
  however our constitution is n't a document , its a shiny hat , which is n't very useful when you go through a constitutional crisis as we are now . 
  uk nuclear deterrent is quite reliant on us support for trident to remain in operation , especially in the actual maintenance of the missiles and warheads . 
  in a scenario where the us pulls out of all mutual defensive agreements with europe , trident has at maximum about 2 years before the missiles , warheads and re-entry vehicles become un-serviceable and the process of building the infrastructure to maintain all of this would take much longer than that at a huge cost . 
  britain manages to lose the biggest fuck up of 2016 award despite us giving all we could . 
  we 're always being upstaged by those show off yanks . 
  i was there the other week .
