  but multiculturalism is a often misused word . 
  multiculturalism is a defined concept of citizenship , not a catch all term for immigration . 
  it largely consists of allowing people to define themselves on their own terms , and celebrate or display any cultural or religious differences , as long as they are conducted within the law , and makes no real definition between public and private spheres . 
  this is in stark contrast to other concepts such as france 's universalism - which does make differences between the public and private sphere . 
  as i said this is pedantic and your point was easy to understand , it 's just something that annoys me and i presume ( rightly or wrongly ) a lot of french people , because you often hear ` france ' and ` multicultural ' in the same sentence , despite france not being a multicultural state . 
  i think the uk is usually well represented internationally . 
  speaking for two other countries : sweden - truckfighters if you like kyuss or queens of the stone age , this is like that but just more . 
  poland - weedpecker similar to truckfighters but heavier and psychedelic . 
  i do n't disagree with you , but not trusting security agencies does n't seem totally unwarranted after the revelations of how gchq has operated in the past . 
  my main concern is that this is a powerful tool if it 's in the wrong hands , and we ca n't predict what future governments will look like . 
  some places have a tradition of going for a short walk and stopping off in the local for a very quick pint . 
  most pubs are open for an hour or two as tradition , especially in smaller towns or neighbourhood pubs . 
  i did n't take this one but its the view from the park near my house . 
  [ greenwich park , overlooking the old naval college with canary wharf in the background ] ( https://abroadwithaaron.files.wordpress.com/2011/12/london-town-011.jpg ), 
  no way of knowing - uk counter terrorism says they have foiled a good deal of imminent attacks , but they 're not really going to say anything else . 
  there 's so little public oversight/access that no one can say for sure . 
  i would n't say there has necessarily been a lull here . 
  we 've thankfully seen nothing like what happened in france in 2015 , but it was only a few months ago that a right wing extremist murdered an mp . 
  a dictator is n't someone who has governed for a long time . 
  assad ruled , as his predecessor did , through support from the military . 
  the civil war there started through mass demands of civil liberties that most of us would take for granted . 
  erdogan has systematically purged nearly every national institution , from the judiciary and education system to the media , of opposition and dissent . 
  in short he has used his position to maintain his position . 
  putin has similarly used his position to arrest opposition leaders and voices of dissent . 
  he has used his position to maintain his own position . 
  merkel operates in a plural political system that uses pr to select leadership . 
  this forces her to form coalitions with opposition parties , as she currently does with the sdp . 
  germany has one of the most free presses in the world , way ahead of contemporaries like france , the uk and the usa . 
  the right to protest is well exercised by the population , and has made no attempt to quell dissent through state machinations . 
  the fact that pegida and afd exists is because they operate in a system that allows opposition to exist . 
  is germany perfect ? 
  does that make it a dictatorship ? 
  he 's often seen as a bit of a megalomaniac here to be honest . 
  not a figure of hate , but certainly ridicule . 
  that 's not to say he 's not respected either , because he certainly achieved a great deal . 
  also , there 's the outdated stereotype here that french people are pompous , effeminate and prone to surrender , so all these things were projected onto him . 
  someone one day apparently said he was really short as well and we all kinda went with it . 
  interesting - he was the commander of the british forces in the peninsular war ( the bit where the uk and spanish fought the french forces in spain ) and led the british army in waterloo . 
  whilst we 're on the topic , how well known is admiral nelson in france . 
  a lot of what bernie demanded is accepted policy in most european countries and would be considered decidedly centrist . 
  clinton in any other country would be conservative/christian democrat . 
  she 's more right wing than tony blair who would generally be considered the high water mark of how right wing a left wing party can go . 
  as for the wall , it got a reaction because walls do n't work . 
  if the med is n't enough to stop people , 20 ft of concrete certainly wo n't and people will find a way around it . 
  the movement of people across borders is an international problem and can only be solved by multilaterally addressing the root push and pull factors . 
  if people are fleeing to europe because of violence and instability , you need to make the world less violent and unstable . 
  if people are fleeing to the us because economic deprivation , you need to work with other countries better able to provide work for their citizens . 
  you can sit around and complain that it 's not your responsibility and their own governments should be doing this , but globalisation is a fact of life no matter how much you may or may not like it , and what happens in one country can and will affect the lives of people in another . 
  building walls is just a band-aid for a broken leg . 
  who harked on about the english channel being a moat ? 
  with the med refugee crisis being front page news , most people are aware that a narrow body of water is no real barrier . 
  in any case , a wall is n't really the same as pre-existing bodies of water or opting out of passport-free travel . 
  walls have a negative connotation in most places , especially europe . 
  conjures up the soviet union , ariel sharon and he troubles in ni . 
  militarily , we 're very very closely tied to the us , to the point where out military would face a lot of gaps in its capabilities if we did n't have their support ( not just nuclear missiles and aircraft , but also in non-frontline support roles ) this has its ups and downs , it means the uk can be more influential globally , but it does mean that a lot of our foreign policy is either saying yes or no to the us ( or trying to convince them to do something with us , like kosovo . 
  this over reliance has also meant we 've been quite keen to avoid a european defence settlement , and i think other than the very brief entente cordial between gordon brown and sarkozy , there 's been minimal attempts to join in such an endeavor . 
  i 'd ideally like to see the uk military able to support itself completely , even if that means downsizing , but i guess this is a better deal . 
  consoles used to be huge in the uk , particularly the play station , largely thanks to some pretty good marketing by sony uk . 
  they managed to shake the twin stereotypes of games being for kids or nerds and made it a cool thing for young adults to own . 
  this continued to an extent with the ps2 . 
  since then i 'd say there 's been a pretty even split between pc and console gaming as the distinction matters less and less ( more games being available on either platform etc ) . 
  though the uk still has a pretty thriving scene , with lots of developers being based around the country ( refreshingly most of them are outside london as well ) . 
  charlie brooker ( the guy who made black mirror ) did an excellent documentary on uk gaming/console culture through the ages that 's worth a look if you 're into that type of thing . 
  to be fair it did n't really seem to work , and most people took the piss out of it for what is was , a blatant bit of marketing , and though certain online stores saw surges , these did n't fully translate to shops and in all it was a bit of a flop ( last year anyway ) . 
  http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-34941390 as op says , the last friday before christmas aka black friday/black eye friday means every pub in the country is rammed and the emergency services get a nice bit of zombie apocalypse training . 
  i do n't think there 's a single country in the world that you could call ugly without relying on stereotype . 
  as for cities/towns i nominate calais and dover . 
  both are run down rat holes . 
  peak district , lake district , north york moors , northumberland coast , south downs , pennines , highlands , western isles , snowdonia , brecon beacons , cornish coast the list goes on and on . 
  even middlesbrough , a very ugly city , is 30 mins away from some spectacular countryside . 
  good . 
  i would have had to say france otherwise . 
  is saying scotland and wales cheating ? 
  or half a freddo in new money . 
  the people ( at least the ones my age ( ish ) ) who i 've met generally seem to be pretty relaxed and cool . 
  the culture and especially history also fascinate me . 
  i think it would either be the fecund self-deprication , and the beer . 
  i 'm not saying other countries brands or types of beer are worse , or that uk style beer is better , but its very good and i think a lot of countries would love proper cask condition ales on a hand pump . 
  best case is the eu turning into a community of more economically and culturally homogeneous blocs . 
  ie , a bloc made up of the uk , indy scotland and ireland , a scandinavia bloc , etc etc. 
  worst case is we fall back into the habit of competing nation-states and start getting fussy about borders again . 
  i would n't , in fact i think expansion has been bad for the eu and ended any hope of an actual federal european union . 
  by expanding to countries with spectacularly different economies , the eu basically guaranteed it would be two speed . 
  i would have preferred a bloc of similar scope had been made for post-soviet states , to allow them to address their own particular challenges , but also have close ties and agreements with the eu . 
  brexit is a terrible idea that will certainly end up with all your children dying and we must do everything we can to stop it . 
  vs brexit is the best thing in the world lets take back control and kill all the immigrants . 
  anyone who does n't agree with this very narrow definition must be hung drawn and quartered as traitors to the glorious island nation god save the queen where 's maddy ? 
  there have been two movements in the uk since 2000 . 
  the first was the bnp which seemed to be on the rise for a while until their leader nick griffin went on question time , which is a show where a group of politicians and commentators of various political stripes are asked questions by the audience and a moderator . 
  nick got absolutely torn to shreds and showed that much of his parties and ideas did n't really stand up to even basic scrutiny . 
  now we have ukip , which despite all their attention are only polling at about 11 % . 
  they still suffer from a huge image problem and some of their members keep cropping up in the papers having said something quite ridiculous , like gays causing floods . 
  they get votes because of their stance on immigration , as labour are seen as pro-immigration , and the conservatives seem deeply confused on the issue . 
  brexit should n't really be seen as a triumph of ukip by any means , the conservatives have always been deeply sceptical of the eu , as have lots of the public . 
  indeed , the largest group that was campaigning to leave the eu during the referendum was headed by two conservative politicians . 
  in short , there wo n't be a pm farage any time soon . 
  the man has tried and failed to become an mp no less than 8 times if memory serve me correctly . 
  you 'd be amazed at how often tourists do that in pubs , it 's not offensive , more funny , and it usually leads to said tourist being embarrassed when you tell them ( some people might take offense so it 's best to nip it in the bud ), 
  aye i suppose so . 
  you make your point well , but i still feel it 's equating a stubbed toe to a severed leg .
