  more recently people are going on city breaks to eastern and central europe . 
  i know lots of people who went to budapest or prague this year . 
  poland has been popular for a while , specifically krakov . 
  croatia is becoming hugely popular as well . 
  dubrovnik and split especially . 
  you 'll be hard pressed to find someone in the uk , or at least england , who has n't been to france . 
  normandy and brittany are popular . 
  we like to take the piss but the french lifestyle is very attractive to people from a densely populated island . 
  finally ireland is pretty popular as well . 
  lots of people in the uk have relatives in ireland ( cities like liverpool and manchester have a big irish origin community ) , and getting there is often cheaper than going to another part of the uk . 
  it was the blame for ww2 that was the crux of my incredulity . 
  i thought that particular theory had been rebuked enough to not be taken seriously , even on the internet . 
  also , less of the you . 
  i was n't alive at the time , and in any case unfortunately am not in a position to call the shots on these kinds of things . 
  i lived there for nearly a year . 
  whilst physically impressive it is murderously dull . 
  there are many to chose from . 
  one that gets me worked up is the bengal famine and churchill 's callousness on the subject of millions of indians dying from a preventable food shortage . 
  people love to worship the man but he had a very dark side that 's never addressed publicly . 
  i think it 's a tall order to blame any single country for ww1 , but blaming it squarely on the uk , and using that to subsequently blame them for ww2 absolves the actual reasons for these events from blame . 
  the romans built or at least expanded a lot of cities and towns that exist to this day , not least london , but others such as york . 
  opened up britain to the wider world . 
  battle of hastings essentially started the current monarchy . 
  there are lots of bumps and gaps of course but that was it genesis . 
  the normans came in a removed the existing saxon ruling class . 
  civil war settled the dispute about monarchy vs parliament once and for all . 
  sparked the constitutionalist movement that led to the constitutional monarchy and provided fuel for american revolutionaries . 
  france generally existing has been quite impactful . 
  gb and france basically kicked the shit out of each other at any given opportunity for most of each others history . 
  wwi and wwii founded modern britain and our modern political landscape . 
  people became less interested in empire and great power status , and more keen on social reform . 
  decolonisation led to a change in british demographics . 
  people from the sub-continent , africa and the west indies were all invited over to ` the mother country ' afterwards to reinforce a flagging labour pool . 
  they added a bit of spice to the country , both figuratively and literally . 
  hvar , swiss alps and lake district . 
  all are incredible and deserve a place on any bucket list . 
  similar to australia , it 's treatment of indigenous populations was pretty bleak and reeducation programmes existed well into the 1980s . 
  it 's not as bad now but not great . 
  wankers behaving like cunts to the amusement of cretins . 
  i half agree and half disagree . 
  as a whole many boroughs are have seen the disposable incomes of their residents increase a great deal . 
  but there still exists within london some of the poorest and most deprived communities , on a level greater than the average of the ` usual ' places mentioned on this subject , like the north east . 
  if that makes sense . 
  generally parts of west and north london such as mayfair , chelsea and hampstead . 
  there are some wealthy parts of south london , like dulwich but as a rule of thumb north and west = wealthy , south and east = less wealthy . 
  specific parts of london mind . 
  london is a mosaic of wealth , some parts being amongst the poorest in the country , others being some of the wealthiest in the world . 
  i always find this observation surprising . 
  can i ask why - out of a genuine curiosity ? 
  i 've always seen the uk as being somewhere in the middle . 
  we have as strong capitalist tradition , but also a strong socialist one . 
  snippy-cutters/whitey-writey/heavy-and-round - two-for-a-pound, 
  dunno - ireland like to take the piss out of us . 
  as do australians . 
  forgive me , but the distinction seems arbitrary . 
  i understand your point , but using accent seems perfectly functional in this context ,, 
  lots of people do n't like the scouser accent ( liverpool - think steven gerrard or wayne rooney ) it 's seen as a bit whiny . 
  some people do n't like glaswegian/gaslgae/wegie , but that 's more because they have trouble understanding it . 
  ( for examples see limmy or frankie boyle ) personally , i do n't really like the estuary accent ( russell brand ) though i do n't really know why . 
  irish more dublin/cork accents . 
  northern ireland 's accent is a very different thing . 
  spanish , italian and , begrudgingly , french also count . 
  the opposite end of the spectrum is german . 
  it 's a beautiful language and your beautiful people but in english it 's not a particularly seductive sound . 
  australian is in there too . 
  the accent makes every sentence sound like a question which annoys some people . 
  additionally - there was a plan to introduce a national id card system that everyone would have , but it fell through because it was a ) too expensive and b ) no one wanted it . 
  also , the foundation of constitutionalism ( hello american war of independence ) , one of the earliest anarchist/proto-socialist political movement 's in europe ( the diggers ) and irish nationalism ( cromwell ) . 
  yeah , drink is a big part of army life , and the towns near army barracks are well known for drunkenness and fights . 
  out of interest , have you worked with other countries militaries ? 
  how do british soldiers compare to them and your own units ? 
  i wo n't put curry . 
  its certainly the most popular but largely an invention by indian/bangladeshi/pakistani immigrants in the uk , and a lot of people consider it to be a sub-section of british cuisine . 
  other than that , chinese and italian are the most common restaurant/take-away types you 'll see , followed by turkish , french and thai . 
  yeah , it 's not just french guinea that speaks french though is n't it . 
  southern england is closer to western europe , northern england and scotland are probably a bit closer to northern europe , both historically and culturally ( i 'd say ) . 
  if you get nik naks in ireland , use them instead of crisps . 
  you wo n't regret it . 
  definitely veterans of the world wars , not so much of recent wars . 
  still a good deal of respect , but not no way near the same . 
  armistice day is still a reasonably big deal , but wearing a poppy has sadly become some weird game to people , and is starting to become a symbol of a particular view of history , rather than a symbol of remembrance . 
  yea . 
  book in advance or fly . 
  the countryside - lots of people seem to visit the uk for the cities , but honestly the countryside is by far the most interesting a beautiful part of the country . 
  i 'll omit the obvious ones like the lake district or because they get plenty of visitors : pembrokshire coast yorkshire dales northumberland snowdonia loch lamond brecon beacons broads, 
  it used to be a thing up until the early 1980s , just general fashion . 
  you would n't leave your house without a hat just as how you would n't leave your house without trousers on . 
  was also a handy way to denote people on their class or profession . 
  now we have to guess . 
  vastly improved health care and education and overthrew what was an essentially colonial or puppet government . 
  managed to hold out against the us somehow for so long . 
  nice . 
  pursued , imprisoned and killed political opponents , was a major player in a very close call with nuclear warfare , shat up the economy , meaning lots of people struggle to pay for basic provisions like food . 
  not so nice . 
  in a word , mixed . 
  i do n't disagree . 
  i guess i 'm not convinced by either side if that makes sense ? 
  civil liberties vs security is never straightforward . 
  how much is too much etc. 
  i know its pedantic and beside the point .
