  flying is pretty cheap but rail travel can be if you book a rail pass or book in advance . 
  if you 're doing a long journey i 'd recommend flying . 
  it much simpler and often cheaper . 
  it depends where you are and the context . 
  if you 're in a pub in the evening in london , then by all means . 
  if you 're in a cafe in bavaria at 11 in the morning with kids around , keep a lid on it . 
  if in doubt , observe what other people are doing . 
  if you want to avoid the kids , basically avoid august as that 's generally when schools out , though it will depends from country to country . 
  june and july might be your best bet , though some places on the atlantic get warmest in september . 
  again it depends where you are . 
  the climate in sweden is vastly different to the climate in croatia . 
  i 'm more than happy to admit my comments come from a deep , withering ignorance of either - my lazy comparison was easy to arrive at . 
  irish potato famine . 
  quite a lot , obviously . 
  specific mention probably goes to india , ireland , the usa and the anzac countries . 
  how to mitigate the fact that we 're a union of countries that generally do n't like each other . 
  no idea . 
  i know a few people who watch it , but it 's still very much a niche sport . 
  i tried to watch american football once but had no idea what was happening , and no real desire to find out . 
  like cricket . 
  posting because somehow people have omitted 2000 ad , responsible for many characters , though it 's most popular is judge dredd which most of you will have heard of . 
  to an extent , but not in the general elections . 
  the two biggest parties benefit most , turkeys do n't vote for christmas . 
  in sub-national elections stv is very much in vogue , and fixes a lot of the issues with fptp , especially in regards to wasted voters . 
  in 2015 something like 60-70 % of votes are wasted . 
  i 'm so close to switching , but there are always things that make me pick the red option . 
  you might be able to answer some of these . 
  tim farron takes every opportunity to attack labour if they swim to close to the tories , despite his own party being in a coalition with them until very recently . 
  lds need to draw a line over it aye , but pretending it did n't happen does n't help the trust issues many have for them . 
  linked to that , lds ( as far as i can tell ) have n't ruled out the possibility of hypothetically working with the tories again . 
  i 'm not interested in voting for them if they 'll just take a coalition job at the next opportunity . 
  their reform package seems very vague . 
  making hol elected and switching to pr . 
  the devil of voting reform is in the detail , and without it , there 's no way of making a choice . 
  the system is so broken i 'm convinced anything would be better , but still , pr can be gamed just as much as fptp . 
  tangible specifics lets people gauge if the system sounds better or worse , vague platitudes do n't convince anyone . 
  1998 was okish, 
  ireland . 
  sorry ireland . 
  and india . 
  and east africa . 
  and south africa . 
  and the middle east . 
  and various other places . 
  edit : and burma/myanmar edit 2 : canada and new zealand turned out ok . 
  sort of . 
  edit 3 : australia is ok . 
  farmed or hunted , haggis is still murder . 
  if you think iraq and the ukraine are equal in terms of their brutality , willing disregard for their own citizens lives , and fascistic and expansionist tendencies , then you 've been watching way too much rt. 
  london , winds fresh from the devils arse . 
  got blown into the road on my way home from the pub . 
  tropical . 
  in the uk we abhor humdrum border disputes , we prefer medieval sectarian blood feuds and complicated colonial legacies . 
  that gets us really hard . 
  probably now . 
  divided country , no plan , b-team are in charge , no effective opposition , union could break up , potentially sat on an economic cliff , lettuce shortage . 
  the list goes on . 
  top 12 - all post 1945 - included the un-elected like our presiding witch and gordon brown . 
  atlee ( the man built modern britain ) 2 . 
  wilson ( moderniser ) 3 . 
  heath ( steady hand , reformist ) 4 . 
  blair ( minimum wage , devolution , independence of the bank of england ) 5 . 
  brown ( did well despite circumstances ) 6 . 
  major ( fucked by his own party . 
  set the stage for good friday ) 7 . 
  churchill ( not a natural peacetime leader , was n't terrible ) 8 . 
  thatcher ( brought needed reform , made the poor pay ) 10 . 
  may ( amateur , my cat would do better ) 11 . 
  cameron ( self serving , corrupt , fucked everyone ) 12 . 
  eden ( successfully fucked the country sideways ) i 've skipped a few , may only ranks higher because eden literally fucked the country , may 's trying but i do n't rate her ability to be effectual . 
  ufc . 
  baseball is too similar to rounders - which has a certain stigma attached . 
  american football seems like rugby with adverts , and i 'm no fan of rugby . 
  basketball makes no sense to me . 
  though i know the spaniards and greeks are well keen . 
  the only sport thats ever spoken to me is football . 
  i feel the same about the above three as i do about handball and cricket . 
  i 'm sure i 'm missing something , but football gives me everything i need . 
  is this question a weekly thing now . 
  [ fury ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woeui14i9he ) - muse ( when they were good ) [ how soon is now ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f_iplusx3b8 ) - the smiths [ in dust we trust ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6iigqmwccyi ) - chemical brothers [ friendly fire ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdgxpnca64g ) - red sky mars [ rewind the film ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwwtod3pmlk ) - manic street preachers [ misfit love ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_lt_kdj4xzo&amp;index=5&amp;list=pl737831582713c57a ) - qotsa, 
  not by any means . 
  there are places you would n't want to go , like a sink estate at 2 in the morning , but there are n't parts of cities where you ca n't go based on your ethnicity or religion . 
  one of the ones often cited by right wing jizz heads is whitechapel/bricklane in london . 
  anyone who 's ever been there knows its a pretty mixed community of bangladeshis and yuppies , full of pubs and bars and curry houses - and by no means some micro-caliphate in the heart of london . 
  i think these no-go zones are basically people not accustomed to multi-cultural communities projecting their own fears and insecurities . 
  if i were you i 'd use my judgement as to why a right-wing outlet might want to give the impression that ethnically or religiously diverse communities ca n't live together . 
  aye , but there 's a difference between censorship and not providing a platform . 
  reddit is a third party and does n't want it 's platform used for that sort thing . 
  it 's not censorship if they withdraw their platform it 's simply them exercising their own policy on a product they own . 
  free speech is not the same as a right to be heard . 
  the organisation that eventually led to the eu was the european coal and steel community signed by france , germany and benelux ( edit : and italy ) . 
  this essentially took two of the fundamental industries for warfare out of national control and under neutral , collective ownership . 
  so yes , i 'd say the eu , or at least the concept of a united europe , was specifically designed to prevent war . 
  as for wether it 's possible , well , the idea of any of the eu states fighting another is pure fantasy now . 
  the world is actually a far less dangerous place than it has been for at least a very long time . 
  people living in poverty is going down . 
  number of people dying in conflicts is going down . 
  education , sanitation , infrastructure , all largely improving , globally . 
  things look bad because we have unprecedented access to human suffering .
