  you can get them in most shops at any hour of the day or night . 
  most towns will have a late night shop or garage ( petrol station ) that sells them past midnight . 
  they are very expensive ( expect to pay between 9 and 12 quid for 20 ) and now have to be in uniform packaging and are often hidden from sight by shutters . 
  the north - miserly communists who only eat pies or gravy . 
  live hard , short lives in the mines . 
  landscape a juxtaposition of beautiful national parks and industrial wasteland . 
  everyone lives in a smog-stained terraced house in a town named after a cake . 
  the midlands - a forsaken land . 
  a mosaic of hilarious accents . 
  eat a lot of curry . 
  people often forget they exist . 
  big grey cities made entirely of concrete . 
  the south east - effeminate and weak poshos who own 19 houses and their dad was a lord . 
  everyone votes tory . 
  natural enemy of the northerner . 
  have never seen a hill in their lives . 
  drink wine . 
  west country - cider obsessed farmers who shout `` ooh arrr , ooh arrr ' in fields wearing smocks . 
  basically hobbits . 
  cornwall - the only people who live there are pirates , surfers and seagulls . 
  england 's holiday home . 
  east anglia - inbred fish people . 
  london - pints cost 50 quid and no one talks to anyone . 
  think the country stops at the m25 . 
  scotland - rebellious drunkards who only eat heroin and would deep-fry their mums if they could . 
  wales - rain , mountains , nervous sheep , rugby and their funny language . 
  like hobbits if hobbits were always fighting each other . 
  northern ireland - game of thrones , the titanic , sectarian violence . 
  channel islands - france . 
  monster munch are our greatest invention ever , including the jet engine and the world wide web . 
  personally i am unaware of the distinctions between various protestant denominations , and i imagine most people are unless they themselves are practising themselves or know someone who is - it 's not general knowledge , at least with people under the age of 50 , as the uk gets less and less religious . 
  i 've hard of some of them like baptists , but have no idea what the distinction is . 
  i 'm aware than anglicanism refers to the church of england , at that that is a state church , but i do n't know how the anglican church differs from other protestant churches . 
  the only real distinctions i 'm fully aware of is catholic and protestant as well as the distinctions between anglicanism and puritanism , though obviously this is from studying the tudors and the civil war periods a great deal at school . 
  it 's called a mexican wave - not sure about other sporting events but in football it 's usually referred to as a sign that people are bored . 
  it 's probably more common in indoor events in arenas , like concerts or boxing etc. 
  who knows . 
  i mean , it happened with northern ireland . 
  people from ni were largely assumed to be in some way related to the violence there and on the ` mainland ' but since good friday that reputation has slowly dissipated , especially amongst young people . 
  it 's not comparable on a global scale no , but in the uk far more people have been killed by the unionists or republicans than anything related to islam . 
  i 'd however be careful with the answers you get here . 
  not everyone feels the same way about everything - people can only speak for themselves , and there are plenty of people for whom islam or mena people do n't have a bad reputation to begin with . 
  generally very professional and largely well respected and respectful . 
  i think there are still problems , and i doubt any police officer would say the police are perfect , but it 's come an incredibly long way since the bad old days ( hillsborough , stephen lawrence , etc ) . 
  after two world wars the uk was very reliant on the us economically , and we could n't act alone as proven by the suez crisis - the uk became a junior , not equal partner to the us . 
  on top of that , the people who lived in the empire quite understandably wanted independence and the uk did n't have the political or military means to prevent this . 
  hahahaha, 
  ha ha , you 're right there - though then again , germany is n't * totally * innocent of nefarious schemes that start of well enough but then go really really badly . 
  jesus christ op use your head man . 
  it 's bavaria , not helmand . 
  i 've never had it . 
  i 've never seen it available in-fact . 
  what does it taste like ? 
  for some reason i 'm imagining dr pepper . 
  i always saw lanister as slightly german . 
  booming economy , everyone owes them money , glorious blonde hair ... 
  make normandy english again . 
  most full times jobs are ( on paper ) are between 35 and 40 hours per week . 
  i 've found in the uk that people are moving away from 9-5 in favour of more flexible working arrangements . 
  flexi-time , working from home etc are very common now . 
  one week you might only do 20 hours , another week you might do 50 . 
  generally the expectation is for you to get your work done , rather than stay in an office for an arbitrary amount of time . 
  i think the major divide between most of europe and the us is holiday though . 
  i get 27 days , not including bank holidays ( or public holidays as they 're called elsewhere ) per year . 
  thats5/6 weeks , but if you time it right around easter or christmas you can stretch it to 8 . 
  i 'd say they were quite dissimilar to be honest . 
  polar opposites in some aspects . 
  swiss for example ( legally ) expect most people to pay for their own health insurance , nordic countries have nationalised healthcare . 
  swiss has a very low rate of income tax , nordic countries have a much higher one . 
  politically , scandinavian countries are relatively centralised and have constitutional monarchies ( parliamentary democracy ) rather than switzerland 's own particular system of cantons and national councils and referendums . 
  culturally there are some similarities . 
  winter sports are big eg skiing , ice hockey . 
  but then scandinavian countries have a deep , storied sea-faring culture that persists to this day . 
  switzerland are less able to explore this area , due to their lack of coast ( though there are plenty of lakes ) . 
  one thing that is very similar is a ) how much everyone skis , and b ) how expensive it is to buy a beer in a bar . 
  that 's what i gathered from living in geneva for a year anyway . 
  i 've found scandinavian countries to be culturally closer to places like scotland or northern england than any part of switzerland . 
  it 's odd uk news rarely ever mentions any of this, 
  from a uk perspective ( croatia being a very popular destination now ) - flights . 
  i just checked easy jet - there 's only one destination ( tivat ) you can fly to and there 's only one flight a week . 
  croatia on the other hand has 3 destinations served ( split , dubrovnik and pula ) - all of which have multiple flights every day . 
  interesting . 
  sounds like germany is burning a fair wedge of political capital with its neighbors for this . 
  black mirror was surprisingly popular internationally as well . 
  which is odd because that was around for ages here and did n't generate too much of a buzz aside from charlie brooker fans and how he ` predicted ' pig gate . 
  had to google it . 
  do n't really have an opinion - what makes it controversial ? 
  ( other than relying on russia for energy , with their track record on using that as a lever and all ), 
  not a stupid question at all - uk netflix has all their original stuff , lots of uk tv programmes ( though you can get that elsewhere for free ) , the main issue for me is that it lacks a lot of films . 
  i lived in france for a year ( for my sins ) and odds where if you searched for a film on french netflix , they had it - not so in the uk . 
  netflix is for tv programmes , nowtv is for films . 
  i work in an office on trafalgar square . 
  by all accounts , very fucking popular . 
  its 90 % tourists , 5 % workers and 5 % people dressed up as yoda . 
  for some reason tourists seem to congregate at leicester square and picadilly circus , despite both of those places having exactly fuck all to see or do . 
  just giant fast food restaurants and tourist trap ` museums ' . 
  quite shit, 
  there was a spate of acid attacks against muslims as well by the far right recently . 
  it seems to be a weapon used by everyone , as you say because its cheap and available . 
  historically , the english civil war was pretty rough .
