  how could i forget !, 
  i 'll focus on london , you can stay for a few days and see plenty before moving on . 
  plenty to do on a budget . 
  most of the museums are free . 
  if you like art then try tate modern ( the building alone is worth a visit , old power station ) , tate britain , national gallery and national portrait gallery . 
  for other museums , check out the science museum , natural history museum , v&a ( design ) and imperial war museum ( military history ) . 
  you can sometimes get very cheap ( 5 quid ) standing tickets to see a play at the globe theatre ( the theatre where shakespeare was traditionally performed ) - this is n't for everyone though . 
  you said you like bars , there is a chain of pubs very prevalent in central london called sam smiths - you can get a pint for about half the price of most other pubs , and they 're usually in quite spectacular buildings . 
  personal favourites are the princess louise in holborn , city of york up the road in chancery lane , and crown on drury lane ( these places are all within 10 mins of each other , usually filled with locals ) . 
  if you want to meet other fellow travellers , the backpacker district centres around borough and the top of great dover street . 
  the dover castle is a well known hangout for travellers , as it doubles as a hostel . 
  if you fancy a cheap eat then brick lane is a good place to try the country 's national dish ( curry ) for under a tenner , pubs generally do cheap eats for 5 quid . 
  london can be a good place for walks as well . 
  walking from westminster to tower bridge along the south bank is good , wo n't take you long and plenty to see . 
  recommend visiting some parks as well , especially st james ( which lets you get near the palace , big ben , whitehall , horseguards ) , greenwich park which has some good views of docklands ( the skyscraper district ) and primrose hill which has the best view in the city . 
  you can also go to the top of the walkie talkie building ( big new skyscraper on the river ) for free if you book in advance . 
  you can get to other parts of europe very easily thanks to budget airlines like easyjet . 
  you can get anywhere in europe quickly and cheaply from gatwick airport , which is about 40 mins on a train from central london . 
  personal favourites are krakov , budapest and prague and all will serve you well on a budget , but people from these respective areas will be able to help you out with what to do . 
  you can also get a train from london to places like paris , brussels , and lille . 
  the former two are both excellent , though my own experience of lille was that it was a fairly hum-drum squaddie town , perhaps not worth it when your time is so limited , unless you really want to go there . 
  whatever you decide to do - have fun !, 
  uk - the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland adjective - there is no single adjective than can cover the entire country . 
  british is most common but northern ireland is n't in britain . 
  english , scottish , welsh , and irish is best where applicable . 
  i would say ` i 'm from the uk ' rather than ' i am british ' . 
  language - everyone speaks english except a few wind blasted sheep farmers in north wales or the western isles . 
  other languages include , welsh , scots gaelic , irish gaelic , cornish , which are all celtic languages from well before the saxon migrations . 
  english is a germanic language with heavy french influences , thanks to the norman conquest . 
  someone from the uk has a few different names . 
  briton or brit is the only unifier . 
  i 've only heard americans use brit though and no-one says briton anymore . 
  there are the national edonyms , englishman , scot , welshman , northern irishman . 
  most of these are outdated , people will generally say ` i 'm from scotland ' or ` i 'm scottish ' rather than `` i am a scot ' . 
  there are a few derogatory/jokey names , most of which would be considered at least very rude to say . 
  welsh are sometimes called a taffy . 
  scots are sometimes called a jock , but if you really want to piss them off use ` scotch ' . 
  irish are sometimes called a paddy , english are sometimes called bastard . 
  bonus round - someone from the isle of mann ( a smallish island between ireland and england that is kinda but not really independent ) would be called manx . 
  not sure why . 
  something something vikings . 
  1 ) whilst my country is n't particularly sober in our approach to immigration , i think the reality of forcing millions of people to leave a country by force will be too much to stomach for some . 
  thousands will inevitably die in the process and i 'm fairly sure the anti-immigrant brigade in the uk would n't be able to condone that . 
  2 ) trade war with china will be bad for everyone , and most european leaders will be trying to head it off or lessen the implications at least for themselves . 
  the uk has been trying to warm up to china for a while now and wo n't want to have to pick and choose , especially as we 're exposed after brexit . 
  3 ) leaving nato would be a big worry , especially in eastern europe . 
  if this happens i expect to see quite a major swing towards a european common defence initiative , even in the uk who have always been atlanticists . 
  4 ) war with iran wo n't have any support in europe . 
  there is zero appetite for further conflict in the middle east whilst syria and libya burn and putin eyes up the baltic states . 
  i agree the proto-fascist argument might be a bit weak but dude you 've got to think of a better retort than that . 
  i think the sentiment was more that neither choice is particularly appealing . 
  personally for me its a no brainer . 
  better the devil you know and all that , but in the us it seems they 're spoken about with equivalent bile , despite being politically opposed . 
  crown dependencies used to be called crown colonies , which is a far more accurate description . 
  as far as i can recall : primary school seemed to mostly be greek mythology , romans , castles , victorians and the blitz . 
  secondary school covered a bunch of things , predominantly the tudor dynasty and rise of the nazis and the holocaust . 
  we also did modules on boudicca , king john , the cold war and lots of stuff on ww1 ( i visited ypres and the somme twice , once with history and once with english ) . 
  gcse ( age 14 - 16 ) - vietnam war , slavery , british occupation of india . 
  in a-level ( so aged 16 - 18 ) i studied british decolonisation ( 1908 - 1997 ) , wars of religion in the 1600s and 20th century russia . 
  what a jessy, 
  is that the guy who went into battle with a claymore ? 
  u.k. tax system is progressive , or you pay more the more you earn , but only on earnings over the threshold . 
  if you earn # 50,000 pa then your first 11,000 is not taxed , then the 11,000-42 ,000 is taxed at 20 % then the 42,000 to 50,000 is taxed at 40 % . 
  i 'm not sure how national insurance works ( that 's the additional tax for healthcare ) but it 's about 8-10 % of my quite humble salary . 
  on top of that there 's council tax , aka the poll tax . 
  this is a fucking stupid tax because it 's a flat rate and does n't scale very well up or down , thus poorer people pay a greater percentage of their income than wealthier people . 
  if you went to university then they deduct your monthly contribution automatically . 
  it 's essentially a tax . 
  i know davy crockett had something to do with the alamo , but i do n't know anything else . 
  i only know that because of mgs3, 
  i think i watched that documentary in the past at some point . 
  i remember the part about pulling out the planes that guided the ships through the canal . 
  suez crisis . 
  the long and short of it is this . 
  a guy called nasser becomes the leader of egypt . 
  he starts getting cosy with the russians . 
  this scares france and the uk and israel for various reasons , largely because he wanted to nationalist the suez canal which was a vital strategic asset to both france and the uk . 
  these three amigos declare a surprise war on eygpt and quite quickly seize the canal and defend it . 
  but . 
  the soviets were obviously not happy with this ballsy move as it was heading off their inroads to the middle-east . 
  the us was not happy because it added credence to the ` colonial west ' reputation of the capitalist bloc , which would not help in convincing african , asian and middle-eastern countries siding with the us against communism . 
  the uk economy was heavily reliant on the us at this time , as the uk had blown their proverbial wad in ww2 . 
  the us very easily put the pressure on and forced the uk to stop the venture . 
  to add to the humiliation , new zealand , a dominion of the empire , was the country that raised the issue at the un . 
  it basically marked a break where the uk no longer considered itself to be an independent imperial power , and anthony eden , the pm who had masterminded this venture , was replaced by macmillan who accelerated decolonisation . 
  it was essentially the last nail in the coffin of the british empire . 
  edit : it had a huge affect on france and west germany as well . 
  lots of european countries started to express doubts about nato , and really started considering creating a third , european power . 
  i 'd like the see the eu make way for a more decentralised system . 
  perhaps a core bloc of countries still using the euro ( france , benelux , alpine countries , italy and germany ) with some peripheral blocs that have open trade deals and loose borders with each other , ie a scandinavian union , and uk and ireland agreement , an iberian group etc. 
  might just be my beard then . 
  in the uk there 's normally a challenge 21/25 policy , which means if they think you 're under either of those ages , they 'll id you . 
  if they id you and you 're over that age , you can normally get by by just saying `` i do n't have any , i 'm 27 '' or the like . 
  however , this largely only happens in big chain supermarkets and shops . 
  in a corner shop or off license you have to literally be in a pram to not get id 'd . 
  i think it had to be near london . 
  near the shining lights of a cultural hub , but juuuuust out of reach, 
  i ca n't see an american peepshow working at all . 
  i only think it works because it 's set in croydon, 
  we like to take the piss out of you but you 're better at taking the piss out of us .
