  similarly , it fills gaps in the labour market . 
  industrial countries always have a shortage of well trained specialists . 
  being able tor recruit beyond the borders of a single country means they have a better chance of finding these specialists . 
  as for your second point - you 've made the assumption that a ` traditional christian ' culture is universally desirable . 
  a hefty proportion of the non-migrant population of any country would seriously question that . 
  socialism , plurality and liberalism are all traditional european political and cultural ` types ' that are themselves opposed to christian-centric culture and politics . 
  europe has seen internal and external migration for centuries . 
  there is no ` golden age ' that existed ` before ' migration . 
  in the uk the current migrant fear is around refugees . 
  before that it was romanians , before that polish people , before that indians , before that , people from the west indies , before that , the irish and on and on until you arrive at the saxons and angles . 
  culture is not a rigid form that has recently begun to dissolve . 
  it 's fluid and dynamic and changes over time and always has . 
  any team that can beat us is a deadly rival to be fair . 
  so that 's most national football teams . 
  fair enough . 
  i think labour and the sdlp made some sort of formal agreement , but point taken . 
  i treated ni as its own thing . 
  i guess it 's all to nuanced to be summed up succinctly - at least for me anyway . 
  seems to be an empty gesture . 
  i think its quite obvious russia interfered however . 
  seems strange the flag wavers do n't seem to mind . 
  i guess nobody cares about corruption if their guy wins . 
  liberal democrats have had successes . 
  they were the king maker after the 2010 election and held a lot of important cabinet positions in the subsequent coalition . 
  snp also , third largest party by mps , if labour ever get back into office it will be through a coalition with the snp . 
  ah piss i knew i 'd overlooked something, 
  i used to have to go to church ( c of e anglican ) at primary school , because i lived in a medieval village without a proper state school . 
  they read a bit of the bible , sing a few dreary songs about jesus generally being a good thing , then a vicar will say something along the lines of `` be nice to other people and for gods sake do n't kill anyone '' . 
  then we 'd recite the lords prayer like daleks before shuffling out of the church whilst someone 's granny played the organ . 
  generally its a very drab , unexciting affair . 
  i 'm not religious in any way so that might have had something to do with it , but the church of england is famously undemanding . 
  it 's essentially a local civic community with the option of believing in a vague god/jesus combo . 
  iran is not a figure of hostility in the uk i do n't think . 
  generally people are aware it has changed since mahmoud ahmadinejad and rouhani is generally portrayed as a reformist individual making the country more open . 
  the nuclear deal was major news here . 
  i 'd say there are plenty of people on the other side of the argument , but in no way is it as polarised or divisive as israel/palestine . 
  as for saudi arabia ... few people will defend their regime . 
  the government is under a lot of pressure to halt arms sales , as we 're basically breaking our own rules in doing so , but sticks with the argument that they 're a vital pillar of our intelligence . 
  the big two , aka the ` main ' parties . 
  every pm since the 1920s has come from one of these two parties : - the conservative party ( tories ) . 
  laissez-faire economics , and social conservatism . 
  currently split between centre-right liberals and right win conservatives . 
  very popular in rural and suburban areas . 
  famous politicians include churchill , thatcher , and current pm theresa may . 
  currently polling at around 40 % . 
  - the labour party . 
  alliance of centrists and social democrats . 
  currently split between centrists and the new ( ish ) very left wing leadership . 
  very popular in cities , town centres and ex-mining towns . 
  famous politicians include clement atlee , tony blair , and current london mayor saddiq khan . 
  currently polling at around 30 % . 
  then there are the two other uk wide parties : - liberal democrats . 
  dead centre . 
  formed a coalition with the conservatives in 2010-2015 , lots of people have n't forgiven them for this . 
  famous politicians include nick clegg and paddy ashdown . 
  generally popular in sw london , and sw england . 
  currently polling at around 9 % - ukip . 
  right-wing , anti-immigration , anti-eu . 
  influencial but have been very unsuccessful and turning their vote into seats . 
  famous politician is basically just farrage , even though he 's gone now . 
  popular on the east coast and some of the small cities in the north . 
  currently polling at around 11 % - the green party . 
  environmentalist socialist party . 
  quite united at the moment . 
  are competitive in brighton , bristol and south london . 
  caroline lucas is their most well known member , being their sole mp . 
  polling at around 5 % then there are the welsh and scottish nationalists - snp ( scottish nationalist party ) . 
  left wing populist , scottish independence . 
  control the scottish parliament ( kinda like a state government ) and won all but 3 of the seats in scotland in the 2015 general election . 
  popular all over scotland . 
  - plaid cymru ( the party of wales ) . 
  social democratic , welsh independence . 
  have a good deal of power in the welsh assembly , and a few mps in the more remote parts of wales . 
  then the irish parties : northern ireland has its own parties due to their own unique political situation : - dup ( unionist , conservative ) - sinn fein ( republican ) - sdlp ( republican , social democratic ) - uup ( unionist , centre right ) - alliance party ( centrist ) as for my own tastes , i 'm generally a labour voter . 
  not overjoyed with their current performance , but the conservative party are far to right wing for my tastes and i do n't trust the liberal democrats . 
  was originally drawn to labour after reading about clement atlee and aneurin bevan at school . 
  aye i imagine this practise is even more spread in the eurozone, 
  truckfighters released a new album . 
  i have no idea , its just something i 've noticed a lot of oaps doing . 
  some older people still talk in ` old money ' . 
  the uk used to have a very archaic money system , basically as follows : 2 farthings = 1 half penny 2 half pennys = 1 pence ( 1 d. ) 12 pence = 1 shilling ( 1 s. ) 20 shillings = 1 pound ( 1 l. ) ( there are a lot more , ie 2 shillings = a florin , 5 pounds = a guinea , but the above is basically how it words ) basically when they pay for something , they 'll convert it to old money to get a better idea of what they 're paying , like how people convert local currency to their home currency whilst on holiday , to work out if they 're getting a good deal or being ripped off . 
  anyone born in the 1970s or later wo n't do this because this was after decimisation ( 100 pence = 1 pound ) but its still definitely a thing for older generations . 
  people often take the piss that in london its # 5 a pint . 
  if you go into a pub in borough and order a pint of camden hells , then yeah , you 're not going to get much change on a tenner . 
  if you go to the royal oak round the corner , you can get a pint of harvey 's best for # 3.50 . 
  out here in zone 2 , my local pub does a young 's bitter for # 3.70 - which is pretty good . 
  i can go cheaper if i go to the millwall pubs , but i 'd rather not . 
  just use both - it 's much easier . 
  1/10 please try harder . 
  there 's no single answer . 
  it depends where and who you ask . 
  to correct you slightly , they certainly would n't see themselves as english . 
  york bath cambridge burton on tweed norwich st ives falmouth brighton aberdeen holyhead fishguard, 
  it seems madness to argue otherwise . 
  last year i went to brussels , split and hvar , and minorca and i 'd say that is a fairly quiet year for travelling . 
  3 to 5 would be my average, 
  newcastle is mostly labour , ukip are competitive there because the tories are n't . 
  for england and wales , roughly : cities and big town centres = labour . 
  rural and suburban = tory lib dems are competitive in the the south west of london , devon and cornwall , and in some university towns . 
  ( ukip are competetive in labours old heartland in the ex-mining and post-industrial towns of the north and tory seats on the east coast ) for scotland , it 's snp either way .
