  may , brown and cameron is probably to close to tell . 
  i do n't expect either of them to come off well however , though i doubt much will be said about them at all . 
  wilson , heath and macmillan are all pretty meh . 
  i 'll give it to eden . 
  suez was a fucking fiasco . 
  anthony eden ? 
  suez crisis was a fucking disaster, 
  1991 - 2009 though a lot happened in that time ( tony blair , kosovo , good friday agreement , sierra leone , 2 gulf wars , 9/11 , 7/7 , afghanistan et al ) in the uk itself it was relatively stable with no major upheavals . 
  ukip has all but disappeared now . 
  oddly their voters seemed to be going to both labour and the conservatives , though weighing more heavily to labour , which a lot of people did n't expect . 
  the populist right is basically one of the factions in the conservative party , though one i feel is starting to lose some of it 's influence as the threat to the conservatives is now from the left . 
  this is only for university , but most undergrads wear a black gown with a hood and a square mortarboard as well as a sash in the universities colours . 
  however , lots of different universities have their own traditions . 
  i think comparing him to corbyn is as accurate as you can make it , but the uk 's leftist political traditions focus on lots of different things to the american leftist tradition . 
  similarly , some of bernie 's flagship policies do n't translate because things like gun control , climate change and abortion are not really political issues that parties are in disagreement on . 
  shit enough at her job to worry me . 
  the reason she says scary shit like that is because she 's been pushed into a corner . 
  imagine what will come out of her mouth when brexit negotiations kick off next month . 
  it does everything . 
  unlike a lot of countries our executive and legislature are fused together rather than separated . 
  this gives the government a lot of power in pushing through laws , but also allows for debate , compromise and amendments . 
  it 's not perfect though . 
  combined with fptp and how pms are party leaders and sitting mps , they have a lot of power and few checks and balances . 
  i do n't know anyone who would consider a boycott in any regard . 
  i also do n't see it as being possible . 
  i use american products and services unknowingly everyday . 
  there are a litany of issues with the us electoral system , the role of money in elections and the monolithic nature of party 's that are relatively unique , but this is not something a boycott is going to change , if it were possible . 
  reform really can only come from within . 
  get them to change their name to not-that-iceland, 
  can the dutch have london ? 
  please let me live in dutch london . 
  you 're much better at this than me, 
  hull surprised me . 
  it 's not as bad as people make out . 
  at worst its very average but has a good art gallery and some interesting history . 
  i 'd recommend people have a look if they 're in the area . 
  not been to blackpool though but aye the word is that it 's not great . 
  i 've not been so would be difficult for me to say one way or the other . 
  perhaps orwellian was the wrong word . 
  its very sparse compared to other uk cities with its wide roads and all that car parking space , and all the buildings are very blocky and austere looking ( except the indoor skiing place ) . 
  nothing against it as a place , just think it 's one of the uglier cities is all . 
  mcchicken sandwich means mcchicken sandwich . 
  her and half her cabinet seem a bit second rate to the point where they 're transforming brexit from a challenge to a disaster . 
  i voted remain but largely accept the result , but would rather the government tried to make the best out of it as opposed to dancing round the issue with this pointless election that wastes time and gets us no-where . 
  get on with it . 
  it would be nice to see wales incorporated somehow . 
  i know technically they 're not actually aprt of the union because they were conquered before the acts of union , but still . 
  failing that , the only alternatives are the royal standard or the [ chartist tricolour ] ( http://www.crwflags.com/fotw/images/g/gb%7drep.gif ) , which looks a bit generic . 
  most beautiful would be places like bath , york , lincoln or cambridge , and some bits of london like greenwich . 
  long list of less aesthetic cities . 
  middlesbrough is shockingly ugly , but that lends it a certain blade-runner charm . 
  watford is miserable . 
  milton keynes looks very orwellian . 
  i 've found that most people who have heard of him fall into two camps - they 're part of his fan club , or they know someone who is part of his fan club ( myself falling into the second camp ) . 
  i would n't say he 's a house hold name , especially when compared to contemporaries such as richard branson , who everyone and their mum knows about . 
  personally , he seems like a legitimately well intentioned person who 's doing something interesting with his money , but the cult that surrounds him on subs like r/space is * really * boring . 
  why would they ? 
  this election is not really comparable to the us or french elections . 
  the political order in the uk is still very much what it has been since the 1930s and has yet to collapse ( come back in 2022 for that ) . 
  also , you ca n't hack an election . 
  one of the reasons governments are so against the idea of electronic/internet voting is because of how insecure it is compared to paper and pencil voting . 
  when people talk about hacking elections , they mean hacking private email servers and disseminating the contents to journalists in the hope of discovering something incriminating , a la macron and clinton , ultimately affecting the result of the election . 
  the ` unusually ' high support for the tories is down to a combination of things , but to put it simply ... - if you voted the leave the eu ( 52 % of people ) , then you have pretty much one choice - the tories . 
  - if you voted remain ( 48 % of people ) , you have ( depending on where you live ) the snp , lib dems , labour , and the greens . 
  well then it must be true . 
  my dad used to give me a sip of beer every now and then since i was 10 or so . 
  did n't start really drinking until i was 16 and people started having house parties and older siblings who could buy for us . 
  spot on . 
  very interesting point . 
  on top of that , you could argue this is simply a situation of an individual having someone else 's culture imposed on them . 
  the victim of fgm or a forced marriage is essentially coerced or forced to accept the perception of a culture of another individual . 
  i feel that both forced marriage and fgm are an affront to the idea of human rights - and thus a question of legality - but then again , some might argue universal human rights themselves are a product of a perception of culture . 
  i guess everyone has to draw a line somewhere . 
  i think i agree with everything in this . 
  i hope that does n't sound too contradictory , i just find this kind of stuff fascinating . 
  i do n't think i could come up with any defining features of another country , i just used the uk as an example . 
  countries are not monolithic , homogeneous blocks , but areas of land , governed by a single government that contain a lot of people in them , and people are , on the whole , a diverse bunch with their own particular outlooks , identities , politics , relationships and attitudes , which shapes their interpretation of their culture . 
  i do n't disagree with your point on language , but i think its more an issue of practicality and education , rather than culture . 
  plenty , if not most , countries house more than one linguistic community in them . 
  on what criteria and by whom are these languages decided to be part of the culture or not ? 
  how is that decision not influenced by an individuals perception of culture if culture is entirely a creation of an individuals perception ? 
  i 'm not suggesting collective cultures do n't exist , they clearly do , but they are also fucking hard to define . 
  their constantly shifting and nebulous . 
  it 's like trying to map the waves in an ocean . 
  edit : to clarify - i 'm not saying that there 's no such thing as culture in the sense used in ops question , just saying that it 's a tricky concept , to me at least . 
  i 'd be too busy struggling to identify a singular culture they have to conform to . 
  my idea of british culture is different from someones elses . 
  one person 's idea of conformity is another 's idea of subversion . 
  as applaudable as that attitude is , i do n't think it 's universal . 
  germany , like any other country in the world , has had and currently has issues with racism , discrimination and marginalisation and there have been plenty of incidents from unification all the way up to today that would signify that ` people just do n't care ' is n't always the case . 
  the big two are the financial crisis/end of new labour government ( 2008/2010 respectively ) . 
  they do n't coincide but are roughly treated as a singular transition . 
  the second one is brexit . 
  some people in the uk can be funny about it . 
  a lot of it 's teeth have been removed , as have the worst vestiges of aristocratic privilege ( seats used to be hereditary ) . 
  its most important role , at least regarding legislation , is that it can debate and amend bills and can delay them if they 're still not happy with them . 
  they ca n't block thing 's permanently , but they can seriously piss on the pms cornflakes if they do n't like something . 
  as for reform , the blair government got about halfway before they gave up . 
  the issue is n't in identifying the issue , a lot of people do n't think the hol is ideal , the real issue comes in the solution . 
  there 's no real agreement as to what to do with it .
