  i do n't think my country is any better than anyone else 's - that was my reason for the sad face . 
  double sad face :( :(, 
  just get over what ? 
  learn hardcore humility for what ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  social mobility is in general , very low in the uk and always has been . 
  similarly , the divide between the rich and the poor is also very wide here . 
  by looking at the circumstances a person was born in , its relatively easy to predict the education , job , family life , hobbies , political views wealth and cultural affinities that new born baby will have throughout its life . 
  things are a bit more dynamic in the middle , but in the elite and in the working class things are very rigid . 
  not exactly . 
  education is a good example . 
  lots of people who can afford it refuse to send their kids to private school . 
  private school has obvious class connotations beyond the monthly fee , and some people , despite their wealth , do not want their family to be part of that world . 
  similarly , if a son of a very successful plumber was sent to eton ( one of the most prestigious private schools in the country ) , he might well have a family wealth in excess of a lot of the sons of aristocrats there , but he would still be seen as of a lower class , despite his family 's superior wealth and not necessarily be welcomed by all of the boys there . 
  never heard of one . 
  if you go to york you can see people dressed up as vikings at some of the jorvik sites , and if you go to castles there 'll be people dressed up as normans or saxons or roundheads or romans and the like . 
  i think some people still do jousting as well . 
  not really . 
  we had sports teasm but they just played after school for their own fun against other local schools . 
  no spectators other than the pe teachers yelling from the sidelines . 
  my school had a band that did concerts and a drama club that did plays at the local theatre , which kids would attend as well as parents , generally as something to do . 
  public school ( ie private schools ) have more of what your talking about , but its generally something that 's looked on with dry derision by us state educated oiks . 
  what my school did have is a house system , not a million miles from harry potter . 
  basically all the kids are assigned a house on their first day , and generally only have classes with other kids in that house . 
  some houses were generally seen as being shit at everything , and others for being a bunch of nerds . 
  the house assignment was largely random so it usually did n't stand up to scrutiny . 
  anyway , there would be inter-house sports events , adn competitions and the winner gets a little trophy and bragging rights . 
  i guess that 's kinda close , but there was more of a ` house spirit ' over a school spirit . 
  to an extent yes . 
  thing is most elderly people grew up during the cultural shift after the war , and as such there are plenty of old hippies , rockers or socialists diluting the little englanders that make up the majority . 
  not being able to swim is rare enough that people will be shocked or interested if someone ca n't swim . 
  most people learn from a young age and most schools include swimming in some form in the pe curriculum . 
  swimming itself is quite popular , especially lidos ( open air unheated swimming pools ) - usually queues to get in during the summer . 
  swimming in thew sea is popular year round . 
  no matter what the whether or how far north you go , you 'll usually find at least one guy in his trumps shivering as he wades in . 
  i think your argument is more about how you think the uk/schengen border should be , rather than what it legal and politically is . 
  if we nuke it you can ski down the side of the crater thanks to nuclear winter . 
  it 's the most depressing , sparse , empty looking place . 
  completely saps all your energy and joy . 
  it is a black hole . 
  one particular story springs to mind . 
  i worked in a cheap pub that was near the olympic site in london in 2012 . 
  an american bought a 2 pints for # 4 ( he articulated the fact that he wanted to pints by giving me the backwards peace sign not realising this is a less than polite gesture here ) then spent a couple of minutes faffing about with his change awkwardly before presenting me with 50p tip . 
  i explained he did n't need to tip , but he insisted . 
  i just put it in the charity box . 
  but yeah . 
  the way i see it tips are for if you 're being served at the table or if your an especially large group . 
  if you have to go to a bar or counter to order , no need to tip . 
  also make sure you check staff actually get the tips , some chains take it as service charge , in which case you ask to take it off ( staff will happily do this ) . 
  ( london ) beer - in particular porter ( guinness is a porter ) fish , in particular , eels . 
  pies preserved meat such as corned beef or spam roast joints - like beef and lamb bacon and sausages eggs root vegetables cabbage pickles cheeses lots of bread lard or dripping a lot of londoners were factory or dock workers so food needed to be calorific i guess . 
  it 's baseless gubbins . 
  in my heart i hope a uk zombie apocalypse would be like shaun of the dead . 
  but in my head i know it 'll be 28 days later . 
  i only visited once and it was very nice . 
  strange thing though , because i 've seen it in films so many times , the whole place seemed a bit like a theme park . 
  not sure i 'd want to live there in honesty , though it did seem similar to london . 
  out of interest , do you consider russia to be european ( in part of wholly ) or part of some other distinction , e.g. 
  the first line of your comment sort of undermines the credibility of your post , despite the second part of it being an interesting point . 
  depends . 
  uk-us relationship is complicated and as full of mutual resentment as much as understanding . 
  there 's a lot of cultural exchange , some good , some not so good . 
  we 're connected in history and language but culturally i feel closer to european countries like france or the netherlands . 
  australia and new zealand are seen as more connected . 
  lots of australian tv is popular in the uk , and lots of people have emigrated from australia to the uk and vice versa , ditto with new zealand . 
  the ashes , which is a cricket match between england and australia is also a pretty big event , and trumps all other sport whilst its on . 
  canada less so , there seen as more similar to the us and the cultural exchange is n't very high , though there 's a good deal of migration back and forth . 
  the relationship between ireland and the uk has gone through a bit of a change . 
  there 's obviously still a lot of resentment for what happened . 
  but the troubles were so grim that people have largely learned to forgive and forget , and there 's a good deal of cultural exchange and collaboration . 
  this may sound silly but i think father ted is a good example . 
  irish sitcom made in the uk . 
  did very well in both countries . 
  you could set it in scotland england or wales and still be relatively accurate . 
  in any case , i think people feel more connected in ireland and the uk than they have for a long time . 
  that depends on this unions desires on re-establishing the danelaw . 
  recently gotten into doom and stoner rock ( think queens of the stone age ) - greece and poland have big scenes . 
  weedpecker 's ii is particularly good, 
  a great bunch of lads, 
  the uk does n't have things like bribery or the likes but the current and past governments are quite brazen about accepting large party donations in return for favours from the government , such as lobby access to ministers , peerage ( becoming a lord that sits in the house of lords ) honours ( knighthoods etc ) and the like . 
  also , mps were caught a few years ago embezzling public funds through claiming various ridiculous purchases on their expenses ( meant for hotel stays or travel ) such as second homes and even pornography . 
  was genuinely worried it would stop when he lost his seat . 
  britain makes a lot of good dystopian nightmare films , probably because we have first hand experience of living in one . 
  clockwork orange , children of men , 28 days later , brazil , 1984 ( john hurt version ) other classics : laurence of arabia , zulu , distant voices still lives , trainspotting , withnail and i, 
  ireland of course . 
  the big ones from history are : boudicca - she was the queen of a celtic tribe when the romans invaded . 
  she was defeated but her story/myth is quite well known . 
  alfred the great - saxon king who united the various kingdoms of england into and and turned the tide on the viking danelaw . 
  robin hood - its not clear if he 's entirely fictional or not . 
  led an insurgency against a tyrannical noble in nottingham/sherwood . 
  elizabeth i - defended england from catholic spain , founded the world empire , presided over a golden age in commerce and english culture . 
  shakespeare - greatest play write in the history of the english language . 
  or the world . 
  depends who you ask . 
  horatio nelson - won the battle of trafalgar but died in battle . 
  duke of wellington - won the battle of waterloo with the help of some prussians . 
  darwin - scientist who developed the theory of evolution ( mostly ) brunel - industrial revolution and that . 
  helped transform britain into the first industrialised country . 
  churchill - lead the country in resistance against nazi germany . 
  the less said about his colonial attitudes or his various military blunders the better .
