  for n ireland , culture is a bigger indicator that environment . 
  unionists vote for parties like the uup , republicans vote for parties like sinn fein . 
  [ here 's a map from the 2015 election , it really is quite stark . ], 
  ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/3e/2015ukelectionmap.svg ), 
  the home counties etc. 
  us is n't a joke . 
  china will over take at some point in the next 50 years though i think . 
  unless something destabilises it , like another pro-democracy drive or a flare up in the south china sea . 
  [ the uk ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/4a/ce/09/4ace095abc915601ed613787a458af61.jpg ), 
  yes . 
  us remain voters can flee there ( it 'll need a bit of expansion ) and we can be the uk 's version of taiwan . 
  the causes are n't no , but the results are * more * comparable that ops original hypothesis, 
  your first point is spot on . 
  i envy the frankness of how you view your own past . 
  germany has done such a solid job of drawing a line under it and moving on . 
  out of interest , what would be your answer to op 's question . 
  would be interesting to see what the neighbours think about themselves . 
  many members of the royal family are very happy to use their inherited position to make money or influence democratic institutions . 
  some of them are also spectacularly corrupt as well . 
  they 're exempt from freedom of information laws as well so it 's very hard to investigate . 
  quite a few of them also have barely any public duties , live lavish life-styles at the public expense , and whenever the press try to interact with them , complain about the intrusion of their privacy . 
  it enshrines this pathetic servile attitude from people , and is one of the biggest but certainly not only vestiges of a class-regimented society . 
  it 's fucking useless in a political crisis . 
  the monarchy did nothing to unify or calm the country after brexit , and has allowed itself to be used as a tool for the right wing press . 
  their supposed to be a symbolic head of state but were absent for the entirety . 
  its undemocratic . 
  i have nothing against the current monarch other than the above . 
  i think on the whole she does a good job . 
  issue is , if her successor does n't i have no way of getting rid of them . 
  we complain about the government and mp 's , but at least we can get rid of them . 
  it gives the pm a lot of unchecked power . 
  the royal perogative has been used and abused for decades by various pm 's trying to push through their agenda without it being debated in parliament . 
  it only exists because the monarchy does . 
  as the queen is head of state and also head of the church , the uk is a sort of theocracy which is embarrassing . 
  christ . 
  i would n't consider myself to be left wing but when i talk about the monarchy i sound like a bolshevik . 
  i do n't think they 're comparable . 
  a better comparison would be mexican/latin american migration in the us , and refugees in europe because they create roughly the same types of debate . 
  in one year the death toll from shootings in the us is in the thousands , but european terrorist attacks are responsible for 100 ? 
  in all of europe . 
  a lot of the perpetrators are ` homegrown ' as well . 
  thing is , henke from sweden does n't have to accept 7/8 massacres a year from refugees , but hank from texas does have to accept 7/8 shootings a year . 
  i 'm not suggesting the refugee situation is n't divisive , but it does n't directly lead to lots of people dying , it leads to other things . 
  i understand your point . 
  i just do n't think it works as a comparison at all . 
  i thought tonkin was a confirmed conspiracy or am i wrong ? 
  also , for the sake of fairness , afghanistan was the last place the us or indeed anyone wanted to invade . 
  the northern alliance were left to fend for themselves against the taliban pretty much on their own , but 9/11 changed the rules , and places like afghanistan became a huge worry for the us . 
  the bit in europe - yes . 
  the bit not in europe ? 
  its a both a european and middle-eastern country , and as such is kinda neither . 
  it 's its own thing . 
  storbritannien sounds very , very cool . 
  most : probably the nhs . 
  the philosophy behind it , and its continuation ( tbc ) seems so far beyond our present political morass and above basically any political party or figure at the moment . 
  least : right now , the previously mentioned political morass , and general ugliness of politics . 
  lots of people are trying to carve out divisions for the sake of their own ego , and it 's working . 
  more generally , an unwillingness to accept the colonial side of our history , it 's always brushed under the carpet , either because people do n't want to think about the ` bad stuff ' , or do n't think ` bad stuff ' happened . 
  we should surely have the confidence as a country to evaluate our own history ? 
  we could learn some valuable lessons . 
  we did n't want mercia anyway . 
  `` lets live on this island . 
  its quite fertile and it can be warm sometimes . '', 
  `` are there people living there ? '', 
  `` yes , quite a lot actually . '', 
  * invasion * repeat this for celts , romans , saxons , vikings and the normans . 
  the great british country of southern england and that other lot ( gbcsetol ) - far more reflective of the reality of the situation . 
  in london , homelessness has spiked over the last 5-10 years . 
  combination of rent increasing , wages stagnating and ( crucially ) mental health services buckling . 
  begging is not such a problem , at least in my experience . 
  the big issue ( for those who do n't know , it is a celebrity magazine that homeless people get paid to sell in the street ) . 
  it does happen occasionally but not nearly as often as in touristy parts of france or spain , for example again in my experience . 
  multiculturalism is a defined political concept concerning the states relationship with its citizens , and the demarcation of an individuals public and private spaces . 
  in has nothing to do with your question . 
  what you are asking is - are you worried that you ` native culture ' will be overtaken by some ethnic ` other ' . 
  this assumes that everyone identifies themselves and others ethnically or culturally . 
  both of these concepts , plus the very concept of identity depend totally on the individual . 
  i 'm not saying that 's wrong or right , and i 'm not going to pass judgement because identity is never rational , its just that that in itself is a view point that people will or will not recognise . 
  i do n't identify ethnically so i can ; t answer your question becasue i do n't agree with its core concept of identity . 
  what i would say in regards to your question is that culture is not static , nor homogeneous . 
  you might see the us as a predominantly anglo-saxon culture , others may see it as irish american , african american , german american , mexican american , native american and so on . 
  none of them would be wrong , all of them would be right . 
  that in essence is multiculturalism . 
  you are any and all of those things , and it is an individuals choice to decide which one it is , rather than the states job to decide for you . 
  for lots of reasons plus another i 've not seen here . 
  your solution does not fix the problem . 
  if i 'm reading you correctly - you suggest that the democratic process works as a method we have of selecting leadership , but it is undermined by a lack of education . 
  however , your solution wants you to take the part of this equation that works , the democratic process , and break it , all whilst ignoring the broken part of the equation , the fact that you believe large parts of the population are not educated to a sufficient standard . 
  if you believe in the problem you are trying to fix , it seems improving education is the correct response , rather than breaking democratic institutions . 
  how about improving the education system so that people are able to make informed decisions ? 
  the argument seems to be that the voting system works , but people are n't capable of making rational decisions , this move is breaking the bit that works and ignoring the bit that is broken . 
  swiss roll perhaps ? 
  a thin sheet of sponge cake rolled up in cream and/or jam . 
  interesting . 
  most people in the uk would say moaning about anything and everything would be one of these abiding qualities you speak of . 
  we do n't and the us tradition seems very very creepy , not helped by the monotonous drone that kids generally recite it in . 
  in my school at least things were quite informal . 
  the main traditions were a house system which i think is actually quite rare for a state school . 
  spain has been hugely popular for decades for people going away in the summer . 
  lots of people retire there as well .
