  durham is a good one . 
  quite an odd mix of oxbridge reject students and ex-miner workies all living side by side . 
  geneva is good to get around . 
  i recommend chamonix and lyon which are all a few hours away . 
  or spend a few days cycling around the lake . 
  most people can do it in two at a gentle pace . 
  in the uk conscription would be seen very suspiciously , and is not even on the table . 
  for a lot of people it would be a reminder of the huge casualties of ww1 . 
  there used to be a clamour for it during the moral panic of the 1990s but that 's not at the fore so much . 
  as for how the military is viewed , in the face of two long and difficult wars recently there is a huge deal of respect , even in the face of a strategic defeat in both wars ( imo ) . 
  people on the uk generally see there armed forces as the best and highly professional and serving in the armed forces is seen as noble and a point of pride . 
  the forces are generally seen as being given a constant disservice by the government . 
  under new labour it was issues with inadequate equipment leading to unnecessary deaths in iraq and afghanistan . 
  under the past tory government the smaller budget and move towards a reserve heavy force and scaling back of other projects and arms are seen as a bit of a betrayal as well . 
  people are largely aware of the uks decline as a military power since the end of ww2 and in general people are very against most forms of military intervention thanks to the failed operations in iraq and afghanistan . 
  as for military spending , the only point of real contention is trident , the nuclear deterrent . 
  some think it 's expensive yet vital , others think the money would be better spent on conventional forces , others think it 's a luxury we ca n't afford when health and education are being under funded . 
  ` cheers ' is the standard . 
  ` good health ' is pretty common as well . 
  on special occasions people will make a formal toast , e.g. 
  ` to absent friends ' less serious ones are ` up yours ' or the very long but still quite common : `` here 's to you , here 's to me , friends forever we shall be , if we ever disagree , then fuck you all and here 's to me '', 
  ` bollocks ' - very very bad ` the dog 's bollocks ' - very very good ` he 's got short arms and deep pockets ' - he does n't like to spend his money even though he has a lot . 
  ` people who live in glasshouses should n't throw stones ' - most people will abbreviate this all the way down to just saying ` glass houses ' - basically do n't criticise people if you are also at fault . 
  ` do n't look a gift horse in the mouth ' - if someones giving you a gift , just take it and do n't ask questions . 
  ' a watched pot never boils ' - best way to translate it is , be patient . 
  ` the pot calling the kettle black ' - abbreviated often by someone shouting ` pot . 
  kettle . 
  black . ', 
  basically a round about way of calling someone a hypocrite . 
  ` chomping at the bit ' - excited to get started . 
  ` slept like a log ' - had a very good sleep . 
  i 'll add more as they come to me . 
  a lot of people also have specific names for other flavours of fizzy drink , such as cherryade , limeade , orangeade . 
  most people will just use the brand but they are catch all terms that most people understand . 
  also r whites is the best lemonade . 
  maybe i 'm a philistine and it 's actually amazing, 
  its easy on paper but untangling your country from something its been legally intertwined with for 40 + years is a nightmare in practicality . 
  whilst i agree with the second part , i think the problem is n't that we are n't allowed to celebrate english patriotism . 
  it 's that the celebrations that exist are either non-specific to england ( guy fawkes night ) or shit . 
  st georges day does n't make any sense to me . 
  its a story about a turkish man killing a dragon . 
  how is that an expression of english pride . 
  it always seems odd when people moan about it not being celebrated . 
  what 's there to celebrate ? 
  most english celebrations seem to be regional . 
  most counties and towns have their own little quirky traditions they observe that date back a long way . 
  i rent a flat ( apartment ) in se london ( zone two ) . 
  it 's easy to get into town and the local areas is pretty mixed economically . 
  my 1 bedroom flat is the first floor of a georgian townhouse and i pay 1300 quid a month for it , split with my girlfriend ( so 650 each ) + bills + poll tax + internet ( about another 100 in total ) for where i live in london that 's fairly average situation . 
  cost of rent is a big political issue in london . 
  rent has gone up and most of the flats being built are unaffordable to your average londoner . 
  the places they seem to visit in london always seem odd . 
  i can understand buckingham palace or westminster or the london eye , but m&m world ? 
  that weird shrek exhibition on the southbank ?!, 
  you could be in greenwich park or in the science museum !, 
  what about the yorkshire breakfast ? 
  try telling some people here that . 
  i had to read wise children . 
  total gubbins . 
  literally anything by george orwell . 
  some of his essays are very tedious , but homage to catalonia , 1984 , road to wigan pier and coming up for air are all really good reads . 
  obligatory shakespeare as well . 
  a lot of young people do n't like it because they remember having to read it at school and not enjoying it , but macbeth still gives me the jeebies . 
  the uk one is famous for being horrible and full of political arguments . 
  stay well away . 
  i 've noticed that a lot of the stereotypes are related to alcohol and its consumption . 
  interesting . 
  it 's quite common in the uk . 
  as are elaborate sandcastles covered in union jacks , that are slowly eroded by the tide . 
  i 'm sure that 's a metaphor for something . 
  fair dinkum, 
  it says a lot about luton when people from watford take the piss out of how terrible it is . 
  a lot of it is southern snobbishness however . 
  a lot of places that have these bad reputations are perfectly fine . 
  you would n't go on holiday there or go out of your way to visit them , but there 's nowt wrong with them . 
  also , especially with middlesbrough/cleveland , you 're right on the doorstep of some pretty incredible national parks , etc. 
  anyway , i think in the uk , unless its london , manchester , york or marlbrough , its considered a depressing shit hole over a certain population limit , and almost becomes a point of pride between people as to who 's hometown is the worst . 
  it was a joke . 
  there was a religious aspect to it . 
  denying that makes literally no sense . 
  only an idiot would deny ireland was a victim of sustained british colonial exploitation . 
  and no one here did . 
  calm down . 
  labour keep winning the mayoral elections in various cities , and they 're giving them more power and making more ( manchester is getting a london style super mayor soon ) . 
  you won ; t see a labour government for a very long time , but if you live in a major city , the government will start to matter just a little bit less . 
  when ordering two pints in a pub , do not do a reverse peace sign at the barman . 
  best case scenario , everyone in the pub laughs at you awkwardly , worst case scenario , you get a punch on the nose . 
  the sausage roll . 
  but yeah . 
  given the shit show that is brexit looming , i can see scotland getting fed up and telling us to fuck off in the next decade or so . 
  in the uk teachers are generally regarded as marxist zealots ready to strike and complain when anything happens , and are routinely ignored over whatever theory on education reform is hot with the spads . 
  as a result our education system is constantly being reformed at great cost , normally on ideological grounds , at the expense of teachers , the kids and parents , with little change in quality . 
  weekday - coffee/tea and something starchy like oatmeal or cereal . 
  weekend/day off - huge quantities of different bits of pig . 
  fried . 
  eggs . 
  fried . 
  even the bread is fried . 
  maybe a tomato or some mushrooms if your feeling healthy . 
  fried of course .
