  as such , whatever you do will end up being very unpopular so there 's little to gain from talking about it . 
  but the monarch does n't physically sign off of legislation . 
  it 's another legal machanism , rather than an expression of power . 
  i 'm not pretending the monarch has no power , but practically speaking , they 're less than a formality . 
  edit : misread your comment - i think we agree ( ? ), 
  that 's not true fortunately . 
  the monarch does not ` allow ' the system to exist as it does . 
  only parliament can make laws . 
  there 's no hard and fast date , and you could argue any number of events ended the monarch being the actual head of the state , rather than a more ceremonial or subordinate role . 
  i was n't aware of that . 
  cheers !, 
  i 'm not sure i understand you here . 
  my point was n't that mistrust in the police is deserved ( i 'm not american so i do n't know ) - it 's simply that it exists . 
  you 've made the point yourself . 
  even if i take what you say at face value and the individuals on the shirt were killed under reasonable or accidental grounds , the mistrust in the police in certain communities is so high that to them at least it seems a reasonable assumption that they were killed needlessly or as victims of excessive force from law enforcement . 
  as a side note , the westminster attacker was not shot because he crashed his car into people , he was shot after assaulting a police officer ( lethally ) with a knife on the grounds of the houses of parliament . 
  most people wo n't care where you 're from . 
  anyone who said something similar to what you suggest is just a dick being a dick . 
  sinister , cynical and opportunist . 
  i never thought i would miss tony blair , gordon brown or the coalition , but may really makes those guys look great in comparison . 
  - yes - not sure what that means , everyone pays a tax called national insurance based on their income . 
  - 12 % of your earnings up to a certain limit , after which its 2 % - i like that it 's universal and can be one of the best in the world . 
  i do n't like that it 's become a political football and certain forces are pushing for it to be partially privatised . 
  - no major shortage yet , but it 's very reliant on migrant doctors and nurses , which might be harder to come by if we leave the eu without free movement . 
  its funding is going up , but per patient spending is going down in real terms . 
  we also have a major issue with after-care , mental health-care and social workers . 
  both of these issues are pinned on the nhs being under-funded and an ageing population . 
  the general election is uk wide . 
  the house of commons ( one of the two houses of parliament ) is filled with mp 's from all parts of the uk , including scotland , wales , england and ni . 
  parliament is sovreign , so it 's the ultimate authority . 
  the scottish parliament is a devolved assembly , so parliament defers some of its power and authority to this body in specific , defined areas . 
  there is a welsh , scottish and n. irish devolved assembly , and similarly functioning authorities in england , such as the mayor of london . 
  these all hold their elections on their own , and often use different voting systems to the general election . 
  the scottish parliament ( aka holyrood ) votes at least every 5 years . 
  the last time there was an election was may last year , the next one takes place at some point between now and may 2021 . 
  essentially scottish people vote twice . 
  they vote for their mp to sit in the house of commons in westminster to represent their constituency on a national level , and vote another time for their msp to sit in the scottish parliament in holyrood to represent them on a sub-national level ( i know scotland is technically a nation in it 's own right , but for the purposes of british politics it 's subordinate to the national , uk wide parliament - constitutionally speaking ) . 
  i 'm not sure about the assertions in your first paragraph , but i think the issues with crime in the us are not specifically related to police , though it can certainly cause issues . 
  i think the issue is a combination of police mistrust . 
  that 's not to say that in the uk/europe the police are trusted across the board , but it seems that in many parts of the us there is a huge gulf between the police and the communities they police . 
  secondly i think socio-economic issues in inner cities is also a problem . 
  education , healthcare , employment all seem to be scarce in particular areas , which means criminal activity is often the only game in town for many people . 
  personally i believe that there is no problem that ca n't be solved with education , so that might colour my argument a bit , but i certainly do n't think it can hurt the more deprived a crime-ridden parts of the us . 
  addressing police shootings specifically , i think it 's hard to compare . 
  one of the biggest reasons most police officers in the uk and other parts of europe do n't carry fire-arms is largely because they do n't need to . 
  running back to education however , arming policemen without rigorous training seems a recipe for mistakes . 
  * deutschland uber alles intensifies *, 
  multi-party politics sounds exhausting . 
  we only have to contend with power crazed maniacs , middle management bores , or hopeless wombles . 
  thanks for your write up though - very interesting . 
  it 's supposed to be fun , but english players , despite being among the best , have for decades now consistently under-performed in international tournaments , to the point where getting beat by iceland seemed hardly surprising . 
  every tournament i tell myself not to get worried - pick another home nations side or whatever and support them instead , but for some reason i ca n't kill that part of me that says ` maybe this time will be different ' - though it does n't last long . 
  if that 's the case then all is well . 
  my main point is that leaving the uk and eu is a whole bundle of uncertainty 's , and there are plenty of best case scenarios where it works out fine . 
  my concern is that best case scenarios can crumble into disaster , as we 've seen with the uk . 
  i think i 've jazzed up my point in any case . 
  i 'd like to see scotland leave the uk and fly straight into the eu . 
  get off the ship before it sinks and all . 
  it 's not me you have to convince mate - it 's other people who live in scotland . 
  interesting . 
  why did that happen ? 
  personally - a federal arrangement seems the answer . 
  capital retains a bunch of top level briefs ( defence , monetary policy etc ) and federal departments control health , education , etc. 
  the parameters have shifted , so a new vote seems perfectly legitimate . 
  but . . scotland will have to leave to the eu before it can reapply . 
  so scotland would be facing brexit in addition to leaving the uk . 
  it wo n't be replacing brexit uncertainty with independence uncertainty , it 'll be adding them together . 
  your right in saying the situation is far less certain than 2014 , and the no side has lots of its own questions to answer . 
  regardless of what the no side do , the yes side also really needs a plan based on achievable goals and processes , rather than optimism . 
  we know what happens when decisions on this magnitude are based on the latter . 
  as i say , i think scottish independence can be successful , but i 've not been convinced ( not that that matters - it 's not my vote ) . 
  ah , so its more like voters rearranging themselves - rather than some sort of surge . 
  your not wrong , the issue is these arguments can be transplanted to other parts of the uk . 
  london voted heavily on favour of remain . 
  newcastle does n't vote for tories . 
  i guess the question is : what is it that is unique to scotland where political under-representation is cured by leaving the union , rather than trying to fix it ? 
  the issues seem to be the lack of a federal model and/or fptp , rather than us all being in a single country . 
  this is , i feel , why many people in the rest of the uk - often running on political lines similar to the snp - sometimes have difficulty grasping the independence debate . 
  the issue and the proposed solution do n't seem to match up . 
  part of me fully understands people who want scotland to be independent . 
  scotland can indeed be ignored by the government and routinely is , and they can better pursue their interests outside of the uk . 
  it might also provide the constitutional shock to ferment real change in ruk as well , though that 's wishful thinking . 
  however . 
  there are too many unanswered questions about what independence would look like , and last time the snp could n't answer them , and until they do i think it 's hard to judge the actual merits . 
  similarly , leaving the uk to join the eu sounds a bit like the arguments brexiteers used about the uk leaving europe to trade more ` easily ' with the rest of the world . 
  the union that 's being left is the biggest trading partner by a considerable margin , and any negotiated trade agreement will be less beneficial than the one that existed in the union . 
  a lot of the the reasons people vote for the snp exist south of the border . 
  i just do n't buy the idea that under-representation is a uniquely scottish issue either . 
  with all that in mind , it seems madness to block any independence vote . 
  the idea of yet another divisive referrendum fills me with dread but it should n't be blocked . 
  edit : downvotes = disagreement it seems, 
  growth of the greens seems like a small silver lining though ( ? ), 
  by looking at voting intention and doing a bit of rounding : 40 % conservative ( mixture of centrists , right of centre , and right wing ) 30 % labour ( mixture of socialists , social democrats and blairite centre left liberals ) 15 % ukip ( anti-immigrant right ) 10 % lib dem ( centrists ) 5 % will be greens ( left wing ) and independents , who are a mixed bag . 
  the issue with doing it this way is that both the conservatives and labour are essentially coalitions of political groups that band together to make election feasible . 
  fptp and all that jazz . 
  the centrist wings of the conservatives and labour probably have more in common with each other than they would with their own parties less moderate wings . 
  for northern ireland its quite complicated ( i 'm not from there , but it 's interesting anyway ) . 
  it 's official flag is the union jack . 
  the ulster banner is sometimes used in sport and was the official flag for a few decades . 
  that 's the flag that looks like st george 's cross with a red hand in the middle .
