  years of war where 1/5th of the adult male population was involved in the fighting , culminating in nearly a decade of quite a harsh , puritanical military republic . 
  the miners strike in the 70s and 80s was pretty tragic . 
  it 's politicised to hell ( because it was fundamentally a political fight ) but at the end of the day it was families fighting a doomed battle to save a dying industry that entire communities depended on . 
  less well known ones like [ aberfan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aberfan_disaster ) always stuck with me . 
  nearly all the children in an entire village were killed when a slag heap buried a school . 
  grenfell tower certainly qualifies as well . 
  not too common , people often buy second properties to rent out , either to long term tenants or as holiday homes . 
  it 's not really an issue across europe because of a combination of the eu and also just how the markets operate here . 
  the uk for example , has a huge amount of competition with isp 's , with some big providers like virgin , sky and bt , but then lots of smaller regional suppliers that compete by undercutting the big guys . 
  the bigger threat in the uk is the government , ie [ the snoopers charter ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/29/snoopers-charter-bill-becomes-law-extending-uk-state-surveillance ) . 
  the government is having to be nice to them because of potential trade deals down the line , but publically neither of them are particularly liked . 
  trump is pretty unpopular in the uk on the whole . 
  across the usual political divides . 
  approval stands at 18 % - disapproval at 60 % according to [ this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/jeremy-corbyn-donald-trump-poll-theresa-may-approval-rating-gorton-survey-gfk-a7653576.html ) . 
  i think erdogan is less well known in the public mind , so most people who know about him know about him because of his cracking down on civil liberties and imprisoning journalists . 
  my second name is norse ( according to my own hastily assembled research ) - so its not common . 
  nice to known i 'm descended from the vikings though !, 
  that just what someone who was trying to cover up atlantis would say . 
  devolution = / = federalism, 
  not really . 
  we 're having a bit of an issue with synthetic weed ( called spice ) in some sectors of society in some parts of the country . 
  pharmaceuticals are quite tightly controlled in the uk . 
  most stuff you can get over the counter in the us and continental europe are prescription only in the uk . 
  why would you respect someone just for having an opinion , regardless of whether you agree with it or not . 
  if someone presents and argument , and its reasoned , informed and convincing ( even if you 're not convinced yourself ) then yeah sure . 
  disagreeing with someone 's opinion is n't a violation of their right to free thought or free speech . 
  telling someone their opinion 's a load of wank is a perfectly valid response - if you can be arsed . 
  i 'd rather be called a cunt or a dick head than a twat . 
  being called a twat implies everyone 's sick of you and your shit antics . 
  it 's a insult aimed at your very core . 
  it 's not that its offensive , it 's just that it implies a lot . 
  how draft beers are always so small . 
  i get it , it 's just not something i 've ever been able to get used to . 
  though pint/500ml beers seem more common now . 
  a lion , which is pretty boring . 
  sometimes its three of them , which is 3x better . 
  sometimes its a bulldog . 
  our national bird is the robin though , which is pretty sweet, 
  i see, 
  on the wane but still here for the long term . 
  i think manchester has a good argument . 
  a lot of the infrastructure is in place , it 's more centrally located , it 's generally more liked than london , and it is ( sorry birmingham ) more or less the second city . 
  as someone who lives in london , i 'm quite happy for the political hub to move elsewhere . 
  everything is concentrated in london , why not spread it out a little bit ? 
  one reason why some people argue london gets the lions share is because the people in charge of these decisions spend all their time there . 
  if newcastle or sheffield was the capital , i 'm sure the mp 's would be more than happy to improve transport links so they can get around the city better , and get back to their constituencies more easily . 
  i 'm only being semi-sarcastic . 
  i thought it was the black bloc ? 
  antifa are essentially a street gang who get their kicks fighting right-wing gangs and groups . 
  black bloc are the ones you tend to see in these protests , though i 'm sure their membership has some overlap . 
  in either case , bunch of dickheads who hi-jack legitimate protests and destroy their credibility . 
  ( not sure why i 'm being downvoted for asking a question ? ), 
  boris johnson he seems purely motivated by self interest , and seems willing to do absolutely anything if he thinks he might benefit somehow . 
  his actual abilities as a politician are meagre at best . 
  just last week , one day he said the public pay freeze needed to be lifted because he felt he might benefit from another u turn by the pm , before back tracking entirely and saying it should be in place , after it looked like the pm would hold her ground . 
  it was funny when he was a mayor , now he 's in the cabinet its tiresome and embarrasing, 
  to be fair most countries national day is their celebration of independence from us . 
  guy fawkes ? 
  - uk - free at the point of use , universal , still very good despite its lack of funding recently , very much admired/respected across the country and across political divides ( for the most part ) - national insurance , essentially a tax on income.its a progressive tax so it works in bands , but generally its 12 % of your taxable income . 
  - it was until very recently one of the best healthcare systems in the world . 
  however staff shortages , burn out and budget cuts have started to result in falling performance in many areas . 
  its good value for money , i think our government pays half of what the us does per person on healthcare . 
  - overall yes , though i would certainly like to see it improved - yes but these are mostly ( not always ) for people with higher income , or people with specific/rare conditions who can not get treatment on the nhs . 
  things like elderly care and dentistry is mostly privately provided however . 
  - no anecdotes , but most people i know are generally happy with their experiences . 
  big complaint is always waiting times in a&e ( er in the us ) . 
  - improvements need to be made in investing in the training of doctors and nurses . 
  if the government is dead set of cutting immigration as radically as the figures suggest , then there 's going to be a big effort needed in training doctors and nurses , otherwise we 're going to have big shortages . 
  mental health care needs to improve as well , as it 's a bit of a lottery , and social care is a bit of a mess as well . 
  as for the us system , it 's often held as a warning . 
  seems you guys have the worst aspects of private healthcare and public healthcare , though the validity of this could well be up for question . 
  i think the us could easily afford good nationalised healthcare at a better rate than they do now , but there 's too many people invested , either financially or ideologically to stopping that from happening . 
  uk - 28 quid per month ( whats that ? 
  32 euro ? ), 
  - unlimited calls and texts - 16gb data - 2 year contract - iphone se with insurance included, 
  who says we did n't ? 
  i think scotland and england are stronger together . 
  i do understand aspects of scottish independence , but to be honest i think a lot of the issues could be better addressed with some much needed constitutional reform , but it 's up to scotland i guess . 
  it does feel like a second referendum is off the tables any time soon . 
  i think it was an error for the snp to demand another so soon after the previous one . 
  i do n't think brexit is likely to affect the international recognition of a degree from u.k. 
  universities . 
  the only thing brexit will really affect is how easy international students can get study visas , and what sort of financing options are available . 
  personally i think it will become very expensive for eu citizens to study in the u.k. so if you want to do it , now might be the best time . 
  this true for everything except politics . 
  everyone gets very direct with each other in that regard . 
  i never get this stereotype . 
  if you want a shit load of ice in your drink - just ask dude . 
  the more i read about the english civil war , the more fascinating it is . 
  a lot of the wars were to decisively decide who was in charge , the king or parliament . 
  no one really wanted to execute the king , or establish a republic , but it 's just how events transpired because of the circumstances people found themselves in . 
  the republic really was the most unlikely outcome , bar perhaps the diggers seizing control of parliament and establishing their proto-communist utopia . 
  uk has a bunch but thrope park and alton towers are the famous ones with the best roller coasters and stuff . 
  there 's blackpool pleasure beach as well but that 's it own thing . 
  fuck the pound !, 
  i 'm not much of a tea drinker , but if i do , its always yorkshire tea . 
  best is normally a toos up between churchill and atlee . 
  churchill was exactly what the country needed to win the war , atlee was exactly what the country needed after it was won . 
  as for worst ... thatcher and blair are too controversial a choice . 
  hated but not universally .
