  i think it depends on a lot . 
  football is easily the most popular , but during wimbledon i think tennis shoots right up . 
  during 6 nations or in some cities or parts of the country , rugby is number 1 or a close number 2 . 
  same can be said for other sports , like if there 's a big boxing match , it 's all anyone really talks about for a week or two . 
  with that taken into account , on average i 'd estimate . . 1 . 
  football 2 . 
  tennis 4 . 
  cricket 5 . 
  boxing 6 . 
  not forage , but my primary school had an allotment and we were all given a small patch to grow vegetables and such in the later years when you could be trusted with a fork and shovel . 
  i grew a couple of manky looking carrots . 
  we also had chickens we had to feed everyday on a sort of rota . 
  the chickens were fucking evil though . 
  had to bang sticks on bin lids to keep them from attacking the person carrying the food to the pen . 
  not the policies . 
  i 'm talking more about the institutions and offices . 
  power has minimal democratic oversight , and relies instead on liberal conventions and protocols . 
  the few benefits of having an uncodified constitution . 
  to put it simply , those three countries have a lot of democratic oversight that the eu does not have , and the eu has very few . 
  if you want a longer answer you 'll have to go elsewhere i 'm afraid , far more well informed and articulate people have argued this point far more convincingly than i 'll ever be able to . 
  i would be genuinely interested to hear why you think the eu is as democratic as those 3 governments . 
  i 've read a few arguments that support similar ideas , but i 'm always open to more , 
  how do you mean ? 
  is it a niche topic in the rest of spain ? 
  why would the choice be as binary as you put it ? 
  even if we 're true , would ` relevancy ' be a reasonable price for democracy ? 
  genuine questions . 
  do you think it 's unavoidable despite the lack of democracy - or do you think that would be resolved ? 
  i 'm pro eu by the way - i just think it 's lack of democracy should be a more serious concern . 
  liberal is n't a very descriptive word , at least for the uk . 
  the vast majority of mp 's of all parties are liberal , in that they generally accept the free market with some state control , provisions for the well-fare state and nhs , individual liberty over things like religion , abortion , sexuality etc. 
  it 's only a small wing of extremists that do not fit into this camp . 
  the points of disagreement are usually on focus . 
  tories ( centre right and right wing statists ) generally focus on economics and ` law and order ' , labour ( social democrats and soft-left centrists ) focus more on healthcare , education and wealth redistribution . 
  the only actually liberal party is the liberal democrats , and their fotunes have faded somewhat . 
  in direct answer to your question , manchester , london , english town and city centres , south wales and scotland are generally the more progressive areas , though not always . 
  its generally a rural/urban divide . 
  in london , not at all . 
  the eu really came into it 's own here when the country decided to leave . 
  generally you should be ok . 
  i used to do it quite a lot when i was younger . 
  just make sure you do n't leave any mess . 
  on the rare occasion you get caught , you 'll often simply be asked to move along . 
  try and use campsites though . 
  they 're often very cheap ( 4-5 quid per person ) and having bins and a toilet block does n't take anything away from the experience . 
  generally , i 'd say only wild camp if you ca n't find a campsite in the area . 
  the countryside is very clean , as is the coast ( which is obviously quite a big proportion of the country ) . 
  as for the bigger cities like london or manchester - not so much . 
  no - for all it 's strengths the eu 's mortal weakness is that it is almost totally undemocratic . 
  an individual has almost no sway over how it formulates policy or agreements , other than by proxy of their own government or through the excrutiatingly limited machinations of the ep . 
  unless that 's sorted then i 'm not really in favour of it 's remit over our lives getting any bigger . 
  though having said that , something as big , diverse and fragmented as europe ca n't be governed democratically , as far as i can see . 
  what 's unreasonable about the current method ? 
  scotland and catalonia are both debating secession within the means of a liberal democratic state , by forming arguments , constructing legal defences of their positions and trying to convince people and governments to recognise the need for secession . 
  it seems perfectly reasonable to me , doubly so when you compare it to secessionism in other parts of the world in recent ( ish ) histroy , like south sudan , east timour , bangladesh , yugoslavia etc. 
  i ca n't answer for all of london , but near me there 's a turkish place called levante . 
  big open charcoal fire pit where they grill various meats , vegetables and cheeses , served with plenty of bread and salads , and it 's all dead cheap . 
  the opposite . 
  violent crime is down , healthcare is improving , and terrorism , whilst still an issue , is n't as bad as it used to be , in the uk at least , thanks to the troubles being largely over . 
  for my age group , the most likely cause of death is suicide . 
  i 'm a bigger danger to myself than anything else . 
  london and other locations - lol for sort . 
  apologising when you do anything near anyone ever . 
  i do n't think it 's that universal to europe . 
  lots of countries are still deeply religious , either officially or unofficially . 
  the uk is getting less religious but our head of state is also the hed of an international protestant church , bishops sit in the house of lords , and for some reason , pm 's seem to become more and more religious the longer they rule for . 
  as for the middle east . 
  if people want to be secular , then all power to them , but it 's a choice people have to make themselves , and not have it imposed upon them to work . 
  no - its a growing movement but it 's still an outsider opinion . 
  opinion polls vary greatly depending on the question asked . 
  generally abolishing the monarchy gets around 10-15 % , with a similar number of ` do n't knows ' and 70-80 % in favour of keeping it . 
  so about as popular as ukip . 
  on the other hand , if you ask people if they want charles to be king , the number of people favouring a republic jumps by a few percentiles . 
  historically - in nearly 1000 years we 've had about 11 as a republic under cromwell . 
  the chartists in the 19c were partially republican , and often flew the republican flag ( red , white and green horizontal tricolour ) . 
  it can be argued that the american revolution was as much a republicanism as it was about independence as well . 
  i do n't think the same could be said about ireland however . 
  a number of mp 's in labour and the snp are republican , including the leader of labour , the second largest party . 
  however he made it clear he would n't be pursuing it . 
  bloody hugenouts , coming over here from medieval france with their intricate lace weaving , doubting the eucharistic principals . 
  any yoos intae the boaby ? 
  [ bowls ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bowls ) gets pretty fucking gnarly . 
  london is always worth a visit . 
  it 's quite tourist friendly because most of the better attractions are free ( museums and gallerys if that 's your bag ) and you can walk around most of the big attractions ( buckingham palace , big ben etc ) in less than half a day . 
  lots of good pubs as well . 
  lots of australians too if you feel homesick . 
  1 ) no , personally i 'd pick 8 countries and spend a week in each . 
  they do n't need to be near each other because of how cheap flights are . 
  if you try and do more you 're going to spend a lot of time travelling , and not as much time actually in the areas you 're visiting . 
  you 'll want to visit cities and the country side as well because generally european countries are very different in regards to the urban and rural . 
  it depends , generally the further north you are , the more reserved people are but it can sometimes be different depending on what part of a country you 're in . 
  northern reservedness can sometimes be misconstrued as rudeness or disinterest , but it 's just a cultural quirk , people are just trying not to bother one another . 
  yes , but no ones going to be able to give you a comprehensive list . 
  for the uk , i 'd recommend the peak district , lake district , cornwall and northumbria . 
  these places do n't see a huge amount of foreign tourism but are very popular for tourists in england . 
  you 'll be mostly fine . 
  do try and speak the local language a bit . 
  it 's not too much effort to learn please , thank you and simple cafe/bar/restaurant orders , perhaps a ` how are you ? ' . 
  even if you fuck it up spectacularly it 'll go a long way . 
  english is fine in cities , but you 'll struggle in some countries in more sparsely populated areas .
