each country has a couple of flags . 
  england has st georges cross and the three lions banner ( or the royal coat of arms which contains this ) even though its a norman symbol in origin . 
  scotland uses the saltire of st andrew or their own royal banner ( red dragon on gold ) wales has the dragon flag but also st davids cross . 
  northern ireland has about a million flags . 
  the uk has only ever had one flag , so there are n't really any popular alternatives . 
  the only one i 've found is the chartist flag , which is a horizontal tricolour of red white and green . 
  i was not alive . 
  there are other sports though , we tend to do better in them . 
  the stadium is being used by westham fc but it also hosts summer athletics . 
  pool and the velodrome are used for similar events . 
  most of it is a park now , it 's actually quite nice , plus a quite dreary part of east london had some money pumped into it . 
  that was the feeling in the uk right up until the opening ceremony , if it 's any consolation . 
  he 's a joke but most understand he does n't represent most americans ( just enough of them ) . 
  not really seen as a guardian , not for a very long time . 
  they are the top dog and they work in their own interest . 
  sometimes that lines up with ours , sometimes not . 
  nk is a nightmare and i hate that it exists . 
  however , there is a dark rationality to it 's actions . 
  it want 's nukes because otherwise it continues to exist as long as it is tolerated by its neighbours . 
  i do n't think they want to destroy the us , i just think the people in charge of the country want to remain in charge of it . 
  more and more of europe are experimenting with decriminalisation , however , most countries are very behind their populations . 
  i can only speak for the uk here but its available and the police are not that interested in arresting the average user , as long as people are discreet . 
  they tend to go after organised crime or large scale growers ( normally because they commit other , arguably more serious crimes in the process and use the proceeds illicitly as well ) . 
  the us is a varied place . 
  some places look like shit , some places look quite nice . 
  i do n't think you 're worth looking up to though any more than any other western state . 
  you have a lot of problems unique to you because of your status , size and diversity . 
  6 . who knows . 
  there are a lot of reasons why they might , a lot of excuses as to why they might not . 
  smith ( as in smithy , blacksmith ) 2 . 
  jones ( from middle english jon ) 3 . 
  william ( germanic - strong ) 4 . 
  taylor ( tailor ) 5 . 
  davies ( welsh - comes from david 's son ) 6 . 
  brown ( brown hair ) 7 . 
  williamson ( son of william ) 8 . 
  evans ( welsh word for jon ) 9 . 
  thomas ( biblical name ) 10 . 
  johnson ( son of john ) uk surnames have a bit of a mixture to them . 
  there 's middle english names like smith and taylor , saxon names like briggman , welsh names like davies , french/norman names like fitzgerald and even norse names like akeman or anderson . 
  on any beach , at any day of the year , there is always one person who will strip down to his kecks for a brief dip in the sea . 
  you might , just do n't expect much of a return . 
  that 's not enough by a very long way . 
  also , you might be getting downvotes because foreign investors buying up all the cheap property and renting them out/sitting on them as an investment is a major blocker for many locals in buying their own place , especially in cities . 
  i wo n't pass judgement because it 's your money and you can do what you like with it , just do n't expect everyone to be happy about it . 
  i 'm not passing judgement my friend , it just sounded like a false equivalence . 
  i 'm no fan of american foreign interventions either . 
  i was going to use suez to make the comparison + to head off any accusation of nationalistic blinkers on my part but i could n't be arsed . 
  i do n't think op 's statement is strengthened by me having a little union flag next to my name . 
  neither of your examples seem particularly equivalent anyway - especially when suez and ireland could serve as much better examples . 
  finally - i 'm not sure you 're fully up to speed on the falklands and the origin of the tensions there . 
  one country did try to annex it through military means , but for once it was n't the u.k. 
  because they 're not nearly the same . 
  russia is not being sanctioned for waging war . 
  russia is being sanctioned for invading , occupying and annexing a piece of another sovereign state , whilst continuing to wage war on the ukraine along their shared border . 
  no vending machines but any reasonably sized town will have a late night off licence that sells booze into the wee hours . 
  booze : have at it . 
  some places have open container laws . 
  other places have strict licensing restrictions . 
  not necessarily seen as a vice in and off itself - only binge drinking or alcoholism are . 
  tobacco : legal but they 're making it harder and harder to purchase . 
  i think they 're trying to phase it out without resorting the legislation . 
  e-cigs will over take in the near future . 
  cannabis : illegal and the police do pursue dealers and large scale growers , but tend to turn a blind eye to users who do n't take the piss ( unless they do n't like you ) . 
  very easy to get your hands on it . 
  our government has a very backwards view on drugs however , but i do n't think it can last much longer , especially now we know how much money can be made from taxing it . 
  cask beer , proper curry and the days when the # 1 could be exchanged for $ 1.45, 
  lahore kebab and grill on commercial street . 
  not the most fancy but very good food , cheap and it 's byob . 
  na : canada sa : ecuador asia : cambodia or india africa : sierra leone or ethiopia pacific : nz europe : people picking their own country ?!, 
  i 'd say nl or iceland . 
  whilst you 're in the uk - lake district , york , london , manchester and edinburgh . 
  snowdonia if you want to visit wales . 
  cornwall , dorest or devon for beaches and coastline . 
  capital cities tend to be very expensive , but as money is no issue then you should try and see paris , berlin , madrid , rome , lisbon , oslo etc. 
  places like venice , dubrovnik and barcelona are good but i 'd avoid going during the summer because they 're flooded with tourists . 
  personal favourites are krakow ( poland ) , prague ( czech ) , budapest ( hungary ) , leon ( france ) and cologne ( germany ) . 
  yes , there 's something creepy about how bush jr 's legacy is being rehabilitated . 
  out of interest , is rugby quite evenly followed across the country , or is it concentrated in a few regions but with other parts of the country having very little interest ? 
  1 - it depends on the subject , the qualification and the type of exam . 
  you are normally only graded on coursework , exams and practice exams - your day to day work is not graded . 
  2 - for gcse 's msot people take 8-12 classes . 
  some of these will be academic , like science or maths , but ( at least when i was at school ) you had to also take a language and a practical subject , like woodworking or cooking . 
  for a levels you 'll have 3 or 4 , as well as free periods , where you 're supposed to do free study . 
  3 - there are no levels in single subjects , though some classes are seen as ` easy ' - media studies is typically singled out for this but tbh it 's just snobbery . 
  4 - up to a point . 
  maths is nearly always unified as a single area of study , but english and science are often broken into its constituent pieces . 
  5 - pretty big , you choose half your subjects at 14 and all of them at 16 . 
  6 - homework is falling out of favour in education circles - though it still exists . 
  by the time i was doing a levels , the type of subjects i was doing meant 95 % of any homework was simply reading . 
  i always wondered about what happened to all the people of english descent in the us . 
  there must be loads of them what with obvious historical context to the us and the original 13 colonies , but you only hear americans talk about their ancestry if it 's italian or irish or whatever . 
  try and provoke the dutch to invade us again , then let them win . 
  last time it fixed a lot of issue for us and we could really use a shot in the arm around about now . 
  you should see what we 've done to pizza . 
  ni separatism was largely dealt with by the good friday agreement . 
  scottish independence seems to be entering some sort of hibernation period for now as well , i expect it will come up again in a few years time though . 
  other than that , not really - there 's a far bigger clamour , especially in london and the north , for greater devolution . 
  some mp 's have also lent support to a more federal system , though this tends to be as a counter-offer to the snp 's vision of full independence . 
  the uk is one of the most , if not the most centralised countries in the western world,
