i just hope the snp do n't get in ... 
  yes , very true . 
  i am not saying that everyone has to agree with me . 
  that is true , yes . 
  but i think the problem with most of those countries is that the religion is incorporated into their law , and not because of the religion itself . 
  if christianity was incorporated into law , it would be just as bad . 
  interesting argument . 
  yes , i agree that we should make it clear that their beliefs do not exempt them from our laws , but i do n't think that makes their religion bad , just the way they interpret it . 
  is it their fault if their government is corrupt ? 
  i agree . 
  the amount of refugees we take should be controlled so that it 's not more than we can handle . 
  however , i do believe we should take as many as we can . 
  what exactly makes their religion `` shitty '' ? 
  why is it an worse than yours ( if you choose to believe in one ) ? 
  the attitude that we should help those less fortunate than ourselves ? 
  remember , many of these people have been forced to flee their home countries because of corrupt governments . 
  whilst i agree that perhaps they should n't have the same benefits as taxpayers , i am also sympathetic towards them . 
  this sounds good . 
  i agree that we should give people second chances with regard to ( some ) bans . 
  gr8 b8 m8 i r8 8/8, 
  that makes more sense . 
  still not really true though . 
  they literally have a mountain they hollowed out to store oil in . 
  * second favourite ? 
  * oh no , so sad :(, 
  i believe the big mac index actually uses a wide range of products , including a fast food meal ( hence the name ) . 
  beer is probably a part of it . 
  it 'd be hard to get member states to agree to that though . 
  a lot of people would n't much like the idea of giving up control of our armies to the eu . 
  fuck off , not every brit even likes the us thank you very much . 
  fellow robot ? 
  i did n't , must have been someone else . 
  i 'll upvote to compensate . 
  you do ? 
  damn , i 'm glad i 'm not human . 
  then why are you afraid of flying ? 
  i was on a german flight once and they clapped after the safety thing they do at the start . 
  you 're more likely to die driving to the airport than on the plane . 
  yes we can !, 
  soon all shall drive on the correct side of the road  :d, 
   implying that redditor has a girlfriend, 
  to add to your point , parents think they can rely on the filters , when actually they can be easily circumvented . 
  but in this case it is a reasonable argument . 
  if we let the government block porn by default , it 's a small step from that to `` accidentally '' blocking an opposing political party 's website , for example . 
  i think we should not let the government have any control of the internet . 
  the problem is , it 's a small step from having porn blocked by default to `` accidentally '' blocking an opposing political party 's website , for example . 
  my view is that the government should just stay out of it . 
  yeah , i guess that is true . 
  could you post a link to the 150th out of 183 thing ? 
  i want to see which is number 183 . 
  i thought `` pikey '' is used to refer to someone who is cheap ( i.e. 
  does n't spend much money ) . 
  which part of the uk are you from ? 
  wow , that 's pretty harsh . 
  because americans are too stupid to understand humour . 
  `` hurr durr , i fink he said somethink offensive to murica , downvote ! '', 
  there are n't any gangs . 
  at least , not with guns . 
  that 's the beautiful part . 
   forgive my ignorance that 's alright  i believe all officers are armed with pepper spray . 
  some of them have tasers , but they need special training , i think it 's about 20 % . 
  really ? 
  i think the countries they fly over could order them to land . 
  i doubt anyone would shoot them down if they did n't comply , but still ... 
  sort of . 
  we do actually have armed police units , we just do n't give guns to ordinary officers . 
  if you got pulled over by a cop and they had a gun , yes that would be very unusual , but in a situation like this , not surprising at all . 
  not their families though . 
  that 's a good point . 
  only did europe though . 
  only did europe though . 
  [ ] not rekt [ x ] rekt, 
  economics student here . 
  that 's not strictly true . 
  with more automation , more people will be incentive to start their own businesses instead of working for someone else , right ? 
  so this decreases the size of the labour force a bit , and creates more job opportunities , until we reach equilibrium again , at which point unemployment will be pretty much the same as it is now . 
  i do n't think that 's what they were saying though . 
  just because we have robots does n't mean people will stop visiting their families . 
  i was taught that appeasement was to buy time for us to build up our army so that we could fight against the nazis . 
  that if we had gone to war as soon as they invaded czechoslovakia , we would have been crushed . 
  then again , i went to school in the uk , so probably biased . 
  pretty much sums up reddit , unfortunately . 
  / r/politics = / r/americanpolitics as well . 
  people make mistakes . 
  sometimes , people make huge mistakes and kill others . 
  putting him in prison for life would just be another death . 
  if we can rehabilitate him , maybe we could save one life . 
  probably , but without any data i played it safe and said `` some '' , which covers more possibilities . 
  * some * do . 
  i think that was sort of what they were trying to say though , although perhaps they could have worded it better . 
   guilt is a lot more effective than violence, 
  ah ok , i did not know that . 
  he resigned to make a point , then came back . 
  which is very childish if you ask me . 
  or a salmond, 
  i bet it was better than / r/america though, 
  good for you . 
  to be honest us brits are probably just as bad with regard to views on prisons . 
  but americans are n't supposed to believe that !, 
  well , the conservatives * are * a bunch of dicks ,
