  real mature man , you have no comeback so you just go down the `` ahhhhh you 're salty '' route . . just shows how flawed your argument is , 
  so you suggest they create their own currency ... ? 
  say 's who ? 
  a random reddit user ? 
  must be true then ... 
  nah , you nationalists just bulldoze your agenda onto people and waste the money of hardworking taxpayers ... 
  there 's no more support for independence than there was when you lost the referendum , it 's a waste of money . 
  i think you should get one more referendum , then when you lose we can tell you to just stfu once and for all . . 
  it 's getting tiring, 
  haha pretty true though is n't it , 
  i would n't be so sure mate , i also do n't think there 's any chance y' all will vote to leave ... 
  does n't matter though , you can just wait another year and whinge until you get a third referendum at the cost of the tax payer , so it 's all good !, 
  mate the scots think they 're much more exceptional than the english , trust me haha, 
  pretty optimistic to think the eu would accept scotlands application without adopting the euro . . 
  big `` if '' there boys ... 
  you 're right , brexit will be challenging for our relations but i hope we can pull through pretty unscathed ... 
  the thing is , whether you like it or not we 're very culturally similar , not to mention the fact we 're neighbours ... 
  i guess aligning yourself with the eu over the uk may put some strain on that , but it 's definitely in your national interest and i hope people can understand that you 're just doing what 's best for yourself, 
  yeahhhh the only people that are really against them are the extreme lefties , they 'll always find something to moan about anyway . 
  i think it 's interesting , and i like the historic preservation - i 'm big on maintaining traditions , even if they do n't `` fit '' in the modern world . . 
  it 's always nice to have that small look back into the past . . 
  get out of my trench ... 
  same thing bro , both wiener loving countries, 
  liz has been amazing to be fair , i would n't want to do that job !, 
  wayyyyy to much pressure ... 
  i know a lot of people hate the monarchy out of principle , but she did n't really have a choice ... 
  i think she 's done us proud, 
  yeahhhh but lets be honest , we 're always gon na have cultural bonds with many of those countries ... 
  i think the monarchy will become pretty much irrelevant over there though in the next decade . . 
  especially when liz pegs it, 
  arse kisser , 
  yeah they did , the ones i work with also voted remain but they 're really not that bothered about the eu ... 
  the english women i work with that voted remain are much more pro eu , well vocally anyway . . just my personal experience , does n't mean much though, 
  hahaha stop kissing arse man . . 
  the scots on this sub are really pro eu , but in the real world i think you 'd be surprised ... 
  to be fair it makes sense , having a head of state living on the other side of the planet seems pretty strange in 2017 . . 
  i 'm surprised it 's lasted this long to begin with, 
  yeahhh it was pretty terrible - not a part of our history we 're proud of . 
  times change though , i feel like we have a pretty good relationship with the irish now , obviously with exception to a few things in the north, 
  hahaha it 's cool man , we 've got a pretty sweet union as it is . . 
  the most successful union in history actually , 
  only 62 % of germans trust the uk ?!, 
  that 's pretty crazy . . is this purely down to the whole eu situation , or there something i 'm missing ? 
  we 'll send diplomats from shetland to stockholm next week, 
  soooo how do you qualify as nordic , i feel like the uk should look into this going forward ... ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  scandinavian super race ( yes i know finland is n't technically part of scandinavia , ^ but ^ they ^ are ^ today ), 
  finland absolutely smashing it ... save this for every american who bangs on about how they have so much more `` freedom '' then the rest of the developed world, 
  yeah i 've read about the black and tans before ... you sometimes hear their name pop up at rangers/celtic matches , although i 'm not a fan of either - not even scottish for that matter haha . 
  but yeah , fucked up times but also amazing history, 
  not much will change man , chill out ... 
  yeah , you guys went independent in 1916 right ? 
  ww1 started in 1914 , so i guess our figures are mixed, 
  you 're one angry little prick are n't you ... 
  that 's fair enough , i 'm sure you do know russia a lot better than people in the west - however my point still stands . 
  russia is not economically powerful enough to invade an eu country , nato would bitch slap them right back to the dark ages, 
  does this include nations of the commonwealth in the uk figure ? 
  i do n't get why so many people think russia is ready to invade ... their economy has been crushed , the only thing they have going for them is a large population and a strong sense of patriotism . 
  putin is n't stupid , he 's fully aware that any war would decimate russia . . you really have nothing to worry about at the moment, 
  same in the uk , it 's called a wine spritzer, 
  times change , but we never forget ... brexit was about rejecting the elites in brussels , and essentially taking control back of our own country . 
  there was no anti european sentiment at all , i think a lot of people on this sub who think we have this closed minded island mentality would be surprised if they spent any amount of time living and interacting with people in the uk . 
  this was about the political entity that is the eu , and our incompatibility in a federal europe . . we will always stand by our european friends , that i can guarentee, 
  the uk will never align itself militarily against europe , that i can assure you . 
  this is our continent to , we 've sacrificed over a million of our own men defending this continent in the last 100 years - the fact that you would even consider us turning our back on you is pretty disrespectful to those guys who sacrificed their lives for peace in europe, 
  possibly , but i think that will be something very hard to cover up, 
  do n't worry about us mate , i 'm sure we can pull together a very competent group to send to brussels . . hopefully they can teach the eu negotiators how to be slightly more efficient and get things done within a decade ... could be hard based on their track record though, 
  what do you mean the uk is resource challenged ? 
  i 'm not expecting an exceptional deal for the uk at all , i 'm expecting a mutually beneficial deal that benefits both parties - how a bilateral trade deal should be ... 
  honestly i think brexit has made people appreciate the bonds we have in europe, 
  yeahhh i can understand that , britain does n't exactly have the best track record within the eu . 
  i just hope there 's continued cooperation between our countries , would be a shame to see our bonds broken, 
  when you go into a negotiation you do n't start low and go up ... you start high and negotiate down . 
  that 's the position may is in right now , she 's fully aware she wo n't get all of the things she wants but she 's obviously going to fight for the best outcome . 
  she 's been clear that she 's willing to accept no deal over a bad deal , and i genuinely do think a mutually beneficial deal will be reached . 
  pragmatism will prevail, 
  exactly , there 's no going back now . . 
  seems like the best solution for both parties is to just get on with it in the most constructive way possible ... is there a lot of anti british sentiment on the continent at the moment , within the general populace ? 
  still made me laugh ... 
  to be honest it never really crossed my mind . 
  i understand that certain formatting could deter people from reading a post , but i genuinely did n't think the occasional triple dot would fall into that category ... 
  i did n't even know it was synonymous with immaturity , it 's pretty common in the uk when writing an informal message or post, 
  that 's not true at all , people read things based on their substance - not depending on how many dots separate a sentence ... maybe you should venture outside of your pretentious little bubble once in a while ... you did n't contribute anything to the actual discussion , you just had a little hissy fit over the smallest detail in the formatting of my post . 
  lifes too short mate , do n't let such insignificant things get to you, 
  it 's three dots man , holy shit get over it ... 
  i really could n't care less whether you think it 's tacky or not , i do n't write my posts based on how `` tacky '' they look or not , i simply try to get across my point in the most comprehensive way possible . 
  go find something else utterly irrelevant to whinge about, 
  i 'm a kid because i separate sentences when typing online with three dots ? 
  wow ... 
  haha it 's just habit man , although what does it have to do with age ? 
  look at the substance of the post , not how many dots i write between sentences, 
  nah i totally understand the spirit of the european project , and i 'm behind it to a certain extent . . 
  i want to live in a britain which is very close to it 's eu partners , a britain that cooperates and trades with our friends over the channel - this does n't mean we have to be in political union though . . that 's the fundamental difference here that i think you 're missing . 
  personally i do n't mind the free movement of people , it 's not an issue for me . 
  it 's actually quite nice to cross paths and chat to people from various nationalities and cultures ... 
  however , the brexit vote was heavily influenced by immigration - may ca n't ignore the concerns of 10 's of millions of brits ... that 's the issue here , she has to represent the will of the people . 
  personally i think there should be a cap , or some slight controls regarding crime etc , but i do support fom to a certain extent . 
  yeah i think it will boil down to something of that nature ... 
  i just hope it does n't take years and years , we need to crack on and look to the future !, 
  that 's not true at all , we can have a good relationship with the eu without being in political union ... having a strong uk , a country which buys a significant amount from the eu , will create growth in many of the member states . . 
  the only worry they have is that a successful uk will show other member states the benefits of being outside of the union .
