  i 'm actually pretty surprised the uk is even at 30 % . . 
  i think he means the way europe reacted to the brexit vote . . lots of insults and threats have been thrown at the uk , massively alienating the population . 
  i know it 's been both ways , but i 'm just giving a bit of clarity to what the guy above me might have been referring to, 
  of course i do n't think england is without power - do n't be silly . 
  england makes up 53m people in the uk in comparison to the 5m in scotland ... you guys have a fuck load of representation and power for such a small percentage of the uk , there 's no denying that . . on top of the free higher education , and the 69 seats you have in westminster i really do n't think you have it that bad . . 
  you did , i just thought i 'd throw in my 2 cents , 
  because westminster is the centralised government of the uk , of course it holds true autonomy . . that 's how our union has worked for over 300 years , but there is no way in hell scotland has it bad - in relation to the other 3 countries you guys have by far the best deal, 
  yeah man , as do the majority of the world `` anglo is a prefix indicating a relation to the angles , england , the english people , or the english language , such as in the term anglo-saxon language . 
  it is often used alone , somewhat loosely , to refer to people of british isles descent in the americas , new zealand , south africa and australia . '', 
  well 37 % voted to leave the eu , and that 's the way democracy works i 'm afraid . 
  they voted to remain part of the uk in the indyref , knowing full well there would be a referendum on eu membership ... 
  i think you grossly overstate the scottish connection to the eu , on reddit you 'll finds a lot of staunch scottish europhiles , but in the real world i think you 'd be very surprised ... 
  nah i totally get that man , it makes sense ... 
  i 'm just saying they have a pretty sweet deal in the uk , much better than the other constituent countries ... 
  so it 's a bit rich to portray them chained up like some kind of prisoner, 
  when have i complained about the misrepresentation of the eu/any other country in british media ? 
  i have n't therefore your `` pot calling the kettle black '' proverbial idiom does n't really work in this case does it ... 
  i was n't trying to take a dig at finland man , i would actually agree that scandinavian education is pretty damn good !, 
  it is a bit strange though that there 's this perception of scotland being held back by the rest of the uk , when in reality the success of scotland is entirely down to being part of the union . . also just to add to your point , 37 % of scots voted to leave the eu . . people on this sub seem to think that scotland is this europhile beacon which simply is n't true ... 
  they had a referendum to leave and they chose to remain a part of the uk , it 's hardly like being chained as this cartoon portrays . . 
  but yeah it 's just a cartoon , i was simply making a point about the misconception of scotland being some kind of prisoner, 
  why does scotland always get portrayed as this poor little victim . . 
  they 're literally the spoilt child out of the four constituent countries in the uk ... 
  they have free university education , a devolved parliament and the ability to vote on english laws despite the opposite not being true ... 
  in finnish history lessons do they just stick on braveheart and let the kids crack on ? 
  yeah but france drags your average down ... frogspawn trying to carry the team, 
  anglo culture stronk, 
  yeah it does rain a lot , and can be quite grey in the winter ... 
  in the summer though when the grass is incredibly green and the sun is out , it can be pretty beautiful !, 
  hahaha this made me laugh, 
  mate you 're entitled to your opinion obviously , but you must not have seen much of the uk if you think it 's depressing ... 
  at least you 're not entirely out of touch with reality then !, 
  bad decision ? 
  nahhhh , muskets are so 19th century man . . yeah he 's definitely an anglophile , and i agree that he 's not the biggest fan of the eu, 
  we 're coming for you boy ... 
  does that make you severely under average then ? 
  cheers for that , i 'm always interested to hear what others in different parts of the uk feel about all of this ... 
  i 'm half scottish so i do have a small insight into how some scots feel , but most of the ones i know have lived in england for quite a while so it 's really not that representative ... 
  so do you feel a closer affinity to the uk or the eu ? 
  which union would you prefer to be a part of ? 
  hahaha no , where did you get that from ? 
  thank god adults are going to deal with these negotiations and not angsty teenagers from reddit eh, 
  the uk obviously ... 
  well that 's not entirely true , the result of brexit negotiations will have to be voted on in the commons . . 
  i assume you voted to remain ? 
  i 'm always curious why scotland as a whole is more europhile than the south ? 
  genuinely interested if you have any insight into that, 
  well salmond went on about scots being x amount better off based on an unrealistic price of oil which tanked shortly after the referendum ... 
  he also said that scotland would keep the pound and would n't have to adopt the euro , which was pretty bullshit ... 
  did n't even address the fact that spain would veto their membership etc. . . 
  he talked a lot of shit , and demonised westminster to stir up the nationalism ... 
  very similar to what happened with the eu ref, 
  yeah i know , i should have been more clear . . 
  i was referring to the brexit team , and addressing your comment about the extra # 350m to the nhs, 
  do you feel sad for londoners too , who overwhelmingly voted to remain part of the eu ? 
  nah , did n't think so ... 
  the difference is , they voted to remain part of the union ... 
  different policies and rhetoric , exactly the same principle ... 
  politicians will do and say pretty much anything to win . 
  that 's true for both brexit and the indyref, 
  you mean like the snp tried to do with the indyref ... ? 
  come on man , there was literally no difference, 
  look at my comment . . `` pretty much the same in my experience ... '' i did n't say it was representative , i said that 's what i have personally experienced, 
  absolutely , that 's the main point ... 
  this is based on interaction with friends , family , colleagues and general conversation, 
  pretty much the same in my experience ... 
  of course i do n't think the uk matches the states , where the hell did you get that from ?!, 
  just because they are a larger country does n't mean a trade deal ca n't be made which is mutually beneficial ... you clearly have no idea how the world works mate, 
  it 's pretty clear from your comments that you want the uk to fail , which is why it 's so satisfying to know that your hope of that wo n't come to fruition ... 
  if you 're naive enough to think that the uk will crumble into some shitty country because we 've left the eu then you 're gon na be in for a shock . 
  no one here thinks we 're the economic powerhouse we once were , but that does n't detract away from the fact that we 're still the fifth largest economy on earth . . we do n't want to run the world , we just want to increase our quality of life and do things our own way ... 
  i think you severely underestimate britain which may come back to bite you in the arse one day !, 
  brits seem to have a soft spot for scandinavians , i guess we just like you guys, 
  this is a well written post and a sharp hit of reality rarely seen on this sub with regards to brexit . . 
  i just hope the whole process is dealt with maturely and professionally on both sides of the fence, 
  based in the polls there 's been no increase in the desire for scottish independence since the referendum ... 
  i also work with a lot of scots , who say similar things ( obviously i know this is a tiny sample and does n't really mean anything ) , but overall i think the likelihood of scottish independence is even smaller now then it was the first time, 
  you are an imbecile because you do n't understand the basic principal of what he is saying . . of course we care about what happens to them , they 're british citizens like the rest of us ... we had a democratic vote which encompasses all of the uk , just because they did n't get the desired outcome does n't mean we do n't care about them ... 
  pretty moronic statment, 
  if you think brexit is going to cause the break up of the uk then you are pretty delusional , and out of touch with the british populace . . 
  the most likely nation to secede is obviously scotland , and even then it 's pretty unlikely . 
  i know you 'd love to see the uk burn , but it 's pretty satisfying knowing that your hopes of that are going to be crushed when you wake up to reality ... 
  what are you talking about ? 
  i do n't get how my comment reflects what you 're saying at all ... that guy is saying `` people in the uk are really going mad '' , based on a comment made by one guy ... 
  i 'm just saying that kid does n't represent the 66 million people in the uk . . 
  people in the uk ? 
  ermmmm no , you mean 1 person on reddit ... 
  it 's important you see the distinction between the two . .  . <, 
  if you 're british then you 're a spineless fuck haha . . we 'd be much better off without you !, 
  you 're definitely not british, 
  if we were to re-join , we would most likely lose many of out opt outs and would have to adopt the euro ... go look up the public support behind adopting the euro in britain and there 's your answer ... that 's just one of many reasons why we would n't re-join, 
  you genuinely think we will re-join the eu post brexit and adopt the euro ?!, 
  that 's the most outlandish prediction i 've read so far ... you must be seriously out of touch with reality mate, 
  hahaha you 're incredibly deluded if you actually believe that bs, 
  yeah that was a rookie mistake , my bad !, 
  you forgot britain , 
  and you thought it was pretty shitty ?!, 
  surprising, 
  haha nice , where abouts were you ? 
  hope you enjoyed it while you were here !,
