  i do n't think this poem was written for the leaders of isis . . 
  this was written for the people of manchester , a way of bringing people together at such a shitty time . 
  i think you 're missing the point mate , people are mourning . . stuff like this helps them cope with the pain . 
  the fact you do n't understand that and think it 's meant to `` show '' isis anything is pretty mind blowing . . 
  i quite liked the poem actually , strikes a cord if you 're british, 
  yeah man , believe it or not , not everyone in the uk is a soldier ... 
  when they 're targeting children and teens i do n't think they expect for them to put up much of a fight . . 
  this is more for morale , they 're not naive enough to think they 're able to stop these kind of attacks - it 's pretty impossible . 
  it 's more symbolic , showing the terrorists that their spirit ca n't be broken . . 
  guess that went right over your head there man, 
  it was n't a betrayal ... 
  the eu was n't prepared to change, 
  i do n't think the parents of the kids blown up in manchester really give a fuck if the government can see their whatsapp conversations ... 
  maybe in your country , but today in the uk the only guilty party is the attacker/attackers themselves ... people on this sub are going to say extreme things man , it 's the internet - it 's not representative of our populations as a whole . 
  i can assure you the level headed people in our societies will always prevail as they are the overwhelming majority . 
  so what if the facts point towards this being a religiously motivated attack ? 
  then what ? 
  people look to whoever is accountable and the reasoning behind their actions . . 
  looking at the correlation/motivation behind why people are doing this is the way of understanding and preventing it in future , no ? 
  because we 've been dealing with it for a long time , does n't mean people have become desensitised to it . 
  i 'm sure these attacks stir up as much anger and sadness as the attacks 40 years ago - and rightly so !, 
  mate , it 's pretty normal for people to have an emotional reaction to such a tragedy ... 
  terrorism is a major problem in modern europe , that 's not agenda pushing - that 's a stone cold fact, 
  thanks man , not sure that money will help - but we definitely appreciate the support, 
  i agree , that 's definitely something they need to address ... 
  but again , if countries keep voting for parties who sweep this under the carpet then i do n't really know what else you can do, 
  because i think many europeans leaders have suddenly realised that they are n't untouchable ... 
  they need to seriously address the issues people are having or risk losing power/control . 
  i guess it 's a bit of a double edged sword for europe , but if it gets their arse in gear then it 's all good !, 
  it 's hilarious how your first reaction is `` yeaaahh but it 's gon na hurt them more !! '', 
  . . how does that hold any relevance to irish farmers ? 
  they care about the effects it will have on them and their livelihood . 
  keyboard warriors like you literally have no idea , you see this as a `` us vs them '' mentality . . grow up man , maybe one day you can take that chip off your shoulder, 
  okay you 're missing the point entirely and talking absolute shit ... for a start many many people that voted for brexit wo n't talk about it openly because they will automatically be labelled bigoted or racist - even if their reasons for voting leave have literally nothing to do with immigration . . people that blame muslims and eastern europeans for all of britain 's problems are morons , i 'm not even talking about those ? 
  you 're exactly the kind of person i 'm talking about , it 's priceless haha, 
  nah man , in the uk literally everything is deemed offensive these days ... you 're barely allowed to have a political opinion even slightly right of the center without being labelled a racist , xenophonic bigot . . 
  it 's a sorry state of affairs, 
  i made a typo , oh the horror ... 
  it 's a figure of speech , you must be pretty dumb if you think this is a genuine threat ... 
  to you he 's disgusting , to others he 's a common sense politician that does n't let the politically correct left tell him what he can and ca n't say ... you need to be a bit more tolerant man , not everyone in this world is going to agree with you politically ... 
  it 's across the whole of the uk , we did this in england too, 
  did you move there for work . . ? 
  a land significantly better than your own ... 
  just a quick google search really , some claim it 's # 1 some claim it 's top 5 . . 
  it varies slightly depending on the link . 
  i have n't done any in depth research , literally just a quick scrape of google while i 'm at work, 
  wreck as is getting rekttttttttttt , not a shambles ? 
  the nhs is ranked the 4th best national health care system in the world ... 
  if you consider it a wreck , then i dread to think what the others are like, 
  we already have an advantage over you , we 're british ... mwhaha, 
  nailed it, 
  i think a united ireland is a good thing , we 'll happily support any path the people of northern ireland want to take, 
  does the truth hurt ? 
  it 's funny cause it 's true :d, 
  nah man , britain has a lot of friends globally ... 
  the nazis may have occupied the uk but that would n't have lasted long . 
  we have a different mindset to you continentals , we do n't just put our hands up and roll over, 
  oh i see what you mean , not anywhere near the same extent germany did it during the world wars ... 
  i do n't get what you mean , who else in europe did that . . ? 
  germany were good because they silently built up a massive force and unleashed it on an unprepared europe ... 
  pretty surprising that the uk is 5th , i genuinely would n't have thought that, 
  are they not gdp per captia numbers that you listed above ? 
  per captia is what small weak countries use to make themselves feel better ... 
  it really holds no relevance in the real world of economics . 
  to have a sizable impact on a global issue such as climate change , disease and famine you need to have a large economy . . something that ireland simply does n't have ... 
  hahaha this is gold , irelands economy is growing fast but you 're still way down at # 40 ... 
  better luck next time, 
  what are you babbling on about . . how do you know what a leave voter knows or does n't know ? 
  if you managed to take your head out of your arse for 10 minutes you might realise that plenty of informed people , probably more so than yourself , voted for brexit . . not everyone in life is going to have the same political agenda as you , and people are going to value different things to you . 
  one day when you grow up you 'll realise this ... 
  and did those feet in ancient time , walk upon england 's mountain green . . and was the holy lamb of god , on england 's pleasant pastures seen . . 
  how old are you if you do n't mind me asking ? 
  you really want your country to be swallowed up and packaged into some insignificant region do n't you ? 
  it 's sad to see . . 
  the agreements you keep bringing up are all trade agreements , vastly different from a political union . 
  bilateral trade deals can be struck between individual countries , or as part of a trading bloc . 
  it seems like you have this idealistic vision of some western superstate dominating the world . 
  very strange ... 
  do you honestly think the us and canada will go into political union with europe in the future ? 
  you know the usa would absolutely dominate that arrangement , right ? 
  hang on , ceta is a free trade agreement not polical union ? 
  the two are very different indeed . 
  alright so let me change my example , what about new zealand ? 
  i think you 're the one who does n't seem to understand . 
  you do n't need to be in some huge political union to have a successful country ... japan is another example . 
  from your perspective i can kind of understand it as the netherlands is very small , and you would be very isolated on your own - but this model does n't work for every country, 
  why are europeans so concerned about relevance ? 
  our time has come and gone , by your logic countries like canada are `` irrelevant '' yet they have some of the best standards of living in the world . 
  why do you wan na compete with china and the us globally ? 
  would n't you prefer for your country to be wealthy and prosperous without all of the bullshit that goes with geopolitics ? 
  well maybe not france or the uk , but they do in comparison to the other member states . 
  with the uk leaving , france is really the only nation on a similar level to germany - and even the french are in their shadow . 
  just seems like a bit of a dangerous game when there 's such a clear leader, 
  i never said germany controls everything , i said that germany holds significantly more political clout than the other member states . . 
  you do n't think the world has changed ? 
  we 've come a hell of a long way . . 
  i understand exactly has the eu operates , that does n't mean certain countries hold more clout . 
  you must be incredibly naive ... 
  that was a long time ago , does n't really hold much relevance now does it . 
  we live in 2017 , things have come a long way since 1812 ... you wo n't be telling us to do anything mate , your boss germany will be the one making the important decisions for the eu,
