  this is a very dangerous path for the eu to take , because if people see the uk punished purely to deter other members from leaving , i think people will wake up to the reality of the situation ... 
  i think a bad deal for the eu would be if britain got to keep a lot of the good aspects of the union , but rejected the things that we do n't like . . 
  essentially cherry picking !, 
  this is highly unlikely though , i think there will be an agreement which is mutually beneficial to a certain extent . . 
  i just hope things are dealt with in a mature way - i 'm convinced a deal can be reached which is good for both the uk and eu, 
  unfortunately these things are n't black and white , there 's a multitude of things that will come out of brexit - some good , some not so good . 
  the point is , the benefits are worth the short term sacrifice . 
  ultimately the ideal situation would have been reform within the eu , but that was n't going to happen . 
  it had to end this way ... 
  it 's in the interest of the eu to punish a country that has democratically voted to leave the union ? 
  yeahhhh that 's gon na show the world the true face of the eu , the best pr you can hope for ... you 're self destructing man , it 's so glaringly obvious, 
  calm down mr verhofstadt, 
  absolutely , but it 's also in the eu 's interest to maintain good trading relations with the uk . . 
  of course they can come up with the additional money , but this will negatively impact them economically ... 
  is n't that pretty obvious ? 
  there 's a lot of austerity in many eu countries as it is , stop pretending everything is peachy and $ 15b annually is a measly sum ... my point still stands , none of us know how hard either side will be hit yet . . we will just have to wait and see, 
  i said the eu will be hit hard as well , not the eu will be hit as hard or harder than the uk ... 
  the uk is also the second largest net contributor to the eu budget , now tell me where they will magically fill that void without being affected economically ? 
  i guess it all depends on how desperate the eu are to scare other members states from leaving ... 
  if they 're that scared , and it 's reflected in the negotiations then it is a clear indication that it 's the beginning of the end of the eu, 
  no , that 's just common sense ... 
  if the deal is shit , we just wo n't take it - as the government has stipulated . 
  a bad deal for the uk would be an extortionate contribution to be part of the common market , or the requirement to keep the free movement of people or something of that nature, 
  the eu and the uk will both suffer , anyone with half a brain knows this ? 
  he claimed that the uk is gon na be hit so much worse , that 's pure speculation, 
  hahaha this is gold ... 
  the true face of the eu `` fuck up our union and we will ruin you '' soo democratic man !, 
  i wish you all the best of luck , and i hope the eu brings peace and prosperity to all the nation states that are a part of it , 
  i did n't even comment on who will be hit harder ? 
  i just said it will hit the eu hard as well ... do n't twist my words man , take a second and read the comment properly before replying, 
  your opening sentence literally proves how uninformed/disillusioned you are ... 
  it 's in the interest of the eu to have a strong trading partner in britain and vice versa . . you have no idea how trade and economics works do you ? 
  if the british economy is strong , we buy more good from our eu partners , in turn growing their economy ... luckily politics is n't dictated by angsty little emotional kids like yourself ... pragmatic economics will always end up on top, 
  yeah but no deal will be better then a bad deal mate, 
  based on your speculation , but in reality you really have no idea do you . 
  neither you nor i know what will be negotiated . . 
  third largest contributor , and 53 % of our imports come from the eu ... 
  i can assure you it 's going to hurt on both sides , especially if there 's a childish approach to the negotiations edit : second largest net contributor, 
  you know this is gon na hit the eu hard economically as well right ... ? 
  i 'd say kiwi 's , aussies and brits are probably the most culturally similar . . 
  in my experience anyway, 
  i 'd say it was incredibly unlikely , but certainly not impossible, 
  this sounds very similar to what we all heard in the run up to the us election . . 
  i really would n't be so sure at this stage !, 
  stay at home and let the adults deal with this one mate ... 
  haha agreed, 
  because there is a clear distinction between the two , europe the continent is amazing , beautiful landscapes , amazing history and great people . . 
  the political entity that is the eu is less desirable . 
  you might take it as an attack on europe , but it 's only posturing against the political union . 
  i understand you see them as the same thing , but they 're not ... 
  true , just blows my mind that some people think there 's this huge conspiracy against the eu ... 
  yeah , i feel like people on this sub think there 's some anglo alliance that wants to take down the eu ... a strong eu is good for the uk !, 
  anglos is a term for british decent , why the hell would we hate our own continent ?!, 
  there 's a very clear distinction between the political entity that is the eu ( which we do n't `` hate '' either ) and the continent of europe ... 
  which we are a fucking part of !, 
  haha, 
  a strong eu is good for the uk and vice versa ... 
  true , we need more bants !!, 
  two ?!, 
  nahhh man , this guy is the last left of his species ... 
  the one remaining survivor , we need eu funds to set up a conservation programme, 
  oh right , it 's nice to see someone from the continent on here that is able to formulate an objective view on the uk ... you pretty much nailed it with your comment, 
  i 'm gon na assume you 're a brit living in sweden ? 
  tried and tested mate, 
  they get better with time ? 
  that 's true to a certain extent , but there 's a distinction between being pro eu and pro federalisation ... generally even among the younger generation , federalisation is n't a very popular concept . . you 'll find plenty of younger people in the uk who are big europhiles , but they tend to value european values of free movement and the echr the most ... 
  it 's honestly not all about immigration , in my experience most people just wanted to take back control and conduct our own trade agreements and create our own laws - it 's cliche but sovereignty is highly valued on this little island, 
  absolutely , it will hurt both the uk and the eu to begin with - that 's just common sense . . 
  but when you look at the broader picture , this kind of needed to happen . 
  we 're not looking to federalise , which is the direction the eu is going . 
  it 's best we left now and let the remaining countries fulfill their desire to create this superstate . 
  we 're not going anywhere , we still want to trade and cooperate with our european friends , but we do n't need to be in political union to do that !, 
  there 's certainly interesting times ahead ... 
  firstly bojo did n't directly call anyone a nazi , he likened mr hollande to a wwii officer delivering a beating to a prisoner . . do n't get me wrong , he should be much more careful with what he says - but it 's not exactly the same as you 're making it out to be ... 
  i also know many brexiters , and literally none of them are racist ... 
  this vote was n't about race , it may have been for some people - but they 're the morons who clearly have no idea what they 're talking about . 
  immigration within the eu has nothing to do with ` too many pakis ' ... 
  i can assure you that these people are the significant minority , as they are in most countries ... you 're literally taking the headline from a few sensationalist articles post brexit and taking them as some kind of convoluted fact ... 
  it 's pretty dumb , obviously i 'm british and have lived here all my life , it 's literally nothing like you 're describing . . we 're one of the most multicultural countries in the world for gods sake , hardly racist ... 
  well that remains to be seen , i still think the economy will be fine after a hard brexit . . obviously there will be an initial decline , but overall i do n't think it will affect us that much ... our intelligence agency does n't just involve britain , we know stuff about everrrrrrrrrrrrrryone , 
  he 's not wrong though is he ... 
  lets be honest . 
  although i think france has a bigger nuclear arsenal than the uk, 
  mostly talking about how exceptionalist we are , how we 're still holding on to this colonial mindset - which is absolute bollocks . 
  how we 're stupid for voting for brexit , how we 're xenophobic , racist , the list goes on . . 
  if you have n't seen any of this , then you clearly do n't pay much attention to the news/media around europe . . also i 'd just like to point out they have n't directly offended me , i really could n't care less . . 
  the comment i made above was just trying to provide some perspective to another comment . . 
  i never said they reflected my own view, 
  even if they got another referendum , they would vote to remain as part of the uk ... you need to wake up from this europhile wet dream of scotland leaving the uk , it aint gon na happen mate, 
  yeah i do n't dispute that at all , the irish are definitely massively into the eu . 
  i still think they 're much more culturally similar to us though , and i do n't think that 'll ever change, 
  touche . . 
  yeah absolutely , and where exactly do you see the uk being portrayed as this poor innocent little victim ? 
  you literally do n't , anywhere . . 
  even in our fucked up media you would n't see that, 
  mate i 'm not insulting scotland at all , i 'm just making an objective observation . . saying spoilt probably did sound like i was taking a pop , but it was just the best way to get across my point . . let me try to rephrase , scotland has a damn good deal in the union with relation to their % population of the uk ... 
  whenever i hear the whole scottish sob story of how hard done by you guys are it always grinds my gears, 
  it 's all relative man  we 'll take it ... 
  yeahh i understand that , but it 's the same for all of us in the uk !, 
  we have a centralised government - i 'm just saying scotland has a lot of power and representation in proportion to your population vs the rest of the country ... you 're right about the 59 seats , i did n't even see that mistake . . my bad,
