  what the fuck is soccer ... 
  beer drinking competition to settle this once and for all ? 
  for old times sake ... 
  chill out mate , i would n't go that far . . germany is a decent country , but definitely not '' undeniably the greatest nation in europe '', 
  the empire is over , but scotland would n't be the place it is today without hand outs from the rest of the uk , a place you claim to be responsible for the poor economic situation in scotland ... 
  i honestly do support scottish independence , you 're treated better than any other country in the uk and you still constantly whinge . . 
  it 's about time you did your own thing , and stopped blaming everyone else for your own failures, 
  the whole wealth of scotland was built off the success of the empire , it 's funny how you pick and chose when you want to be a part of us . . basically when you 're getting hand outs and sharing our wealth you 're all for it , but when things get a little tough you wan na get the fuck out . . spineless really mate . 
  also i do n't necessarily agree with how the uk is run , there 's many things i would change ... 
  but to think that an independant scotland would be some economic powerhouse is laughable . . you 'd be competing with the rest of the uk , you 'd either have to keep the pound and have your exchange rates set by your direct competitor , or adopt the failing euro . . then what happens when the oil runs out ? 
  you 're living in a fantasy world mate . . head over heart and all that, 
  how are northern ireland and scotland being fucked by the uk ? 
  please enlighten me ... also , have you ever heard of the barnett formula ? 
  stones , glass houses ... you get the idea, 
  yeah man , scotland is failing economically because of england ... 
  pull your head out of your arse and address the problems within your own country instead of blaming external factors for your own failures, 
  on which the us has a military base ?!, 
  haha, 
  the uk voted to join the eec which is the common market ... a second referendum was then held on the continued membership in 1975 . 
  there was no mandate for ever closer union , and eventually federalisation . 
  we were even told during the brexit debates that federalisation was a `` dangerous '' fantasy and was n't going to happen ... 
  hidden in a treaty somewhere is n't exactly very clear to the british electorate is it ... 
  there was no question , no debate , it just happened ... you 're talking out of your arse, 
  nah mate , you 're not understanding what i meant . . 
  i said that the people were never asked the question whether they wanted to be a part of an eu that was pushing for closer political union . . 
  the government just went ahead with it, 
  that 's not because you 're part of the uk ... how would you be surpassing irish growth outside of the uk ? 
  uk growth numbers are good ... are you saying that our growth is pushed from others parts of the country ? 
  if any of these territories has a majority that wanted to be independent or join another county , for example gibraltar and spain - the uk government would n't stop them . . that 's the key differential , they want to remain as british overseas territory . . 
  there is no `` empire '' anymore man . . just remenences of one that used to exist, 
  there 's no solid plan for an independent scotland , no guarantee on currency , eu membership or long term financial prosperity when the oil runs out ... 
  i spend a lot of time in scotland too , pretty much half my life - there seems to be even less support for independence this time round than there was back in 2014 . 
  i 'd hedge my bets massively on another `` no '' outcome - i just do n't think it 's what the majority of scots want, 
  absolutely , no one can tell what the future holds . . on the flipside , the uk could do very well outside of the eu with national sovereignty becoming increasingly more endearing as an alternative to eu members ... 
  many could chose to leave the eu in 10 or 20 years from now, 
  well the last vestige of the empire was hong kong which was transferred to china in 1997 . . obviously i was n't getting into the nitty gritty , but essentially wwii and the suez crisis was the straw that broke the camels back . . 
  i agree with that , but i can assure you scotland wo n't vote to leave the uk . . 
  it 's a completely different scenario to brexit and trump, 
  there 's no comparison between the roman empire and the uk , they are entirely different things ... 
  the closest you can get is the `` british empire '' which ended over 70 years ago, 
  which is significantly different to the eu we are a part of today ... 
  brexit and scottish independence are profoundly different ... 
  the united kingdom has been together for over 300 years . 
  we joined the eu in the early 70 's , and at that point it was just the common market ... we were basically forced to adopt ever closer union without the consent of the people , which finally resulted in brexit, 
  lads put your dick back in your pants , scotland wo n't vote to leave the uk ... you 're delusional and out of touch with the average scot if you think they will, 
  thanks man , appreciate it, 
  yeahhh , i do enjoy it - keeps me entertained while at work !, 
  it also gets you very engaged with european politics as a whole, 
  yeah it 's at the point now where scotland think they should be prioritised over everyone else in the uk ... northern ireland are a bit different , politically it 's a more complicated relationship . 
  you 're absolutely right with your last point though , the people on here do n't reflect the views of the average person in their respective country ... 
  it 's a great sub though , my favorite on reddit by far, 
  of course they are , it 's / r/europe wet dream for the uk to break up ... 
  it 's hilarious how bitter they are over brexit . . 
  anyway , i can guarantee scotland wo n't leave the uk , so it gives me great pleasure to know that these guys will be severely disappointed again haha, 
  we should all come together and arrange a day where we go to r/unitedkingdom and spread a bit of optimism and happiness . . those depressed cry babies could do with a bit of a pick me up !, 
  then vote to leave in the next indyref , go out and campaign hard !!, 
  please , for the love of god ... haha, 
  that does n't equate to being `` desperate to stay in the eu '' . . 
  it just means they would have preferred to stay in the eu over leaving . . can you not see the distinction ? 
  you mean `` snp so desperate to stay in the eu '' . . 
  if you 're a brit you 'll know that / r/unitedkingdom is literally the most cringe subreddit out there . . 
  it has to have the highest concentration of wet blanket teenagers that i have ever experienced online ... 
  truly an embarrassment !, 
  well i 'm in hertfordshire and most people i know are pretty chilled . . 
  i guess it 's pretty subjective, 
  i know the english well , you must live in an area full of pretentious twats . . which would explain a lot to be fair, 
  then you do n't know the scots . 
  we 're not special no , but we 're still the fifth biggest economy on earth . 
  i think we severely underestimate ourselves because of our decline in the last 100 year . 
  we 're no way near as powerful as we were , but we 're still punching well above our weight for such a tiny country . . people will be better off , you just do n't like it because it 's not good for you ... 
  guess what mate , we care more about our own country then we do about sweden . . maybe you should try and make your own country more successful , rather then telling others how to run theirs . 
  you 're lucky the germans have their shit together , they 're literally carrying the fuck out of the rest of you, 
  this is true , it 's a bit of a clusterfuck and nothing has really been set in stone regarding a scottish application to the eu . . , . 
  i feel like if there was another referendum , there would need to be much more clarity surrounding some of these points, 
  i appreciate your concern , but i can assure you will be fine . . we have a country of hardworking innovative people , we 're also the 5th biggest economy on earth , and have the # 1 financial center ... 
  the fact we 're so underestimated by you continentals will actually work in our favour . 
  i think you should be more concerned about the growth in your own country , and sort out your own internal issues before you start giving anyone else advice, 
  the uk economy will continue to grow , and is actually expected to surpass germany within 20 years . 
  we will just have to wait and see wo n't we , personally i 'd like both the uk and eu to be successful , 
  so you 're saying the scottish people only voted to remain in the uk because there was a chance of another coalition government ? 
  you 're talking out of your arse mate ... 
  yes you do have that right , but you did n't answer my question . . 
  when you lose again , will you finally stop whining ? 
  or will you keep going on with the same rhetoric every time the uk government does anything `` wah wah wah we want another referendum at the cost of the taxpayer '' ... 
  look man , i love scotland . . half of my family are scottish and they 're part of our country . 
  but be under no illusion , scotland would n't have a hope in hell of competing with the rest of the uk . . 
  if you honestly believe that , then you are incredibly naive, 
  hang on , who did you think was going to win the election ? 
  fucking hell mate , have you been living under a rock or something ... 
  so by your logic of `` changing our minds '' you can just keep having referendum after referendum . . ? 
  that makes literally no sense , the whole point of a referendum is to let the people decide . . not to have one every other year in case people have changed their minds ... 
  i 've said it twice already but i 'll say it again , i 'd support one more referendum - if you lost again would you finally stop whining ? 
  ever heard of a country called ireland ... ? 
  i guess not, 
  then they would have to compete economically with the rest of the uk . . how do you think that would work out for them ? 
  what are you on about , i did n't say you were stealing our money you melt ... 
  i said another indyref would be a waste of taxpayers money because the result would be exactly the same !, 
  just because you have dreams of an independent scotland in the eu , the majority of people in your country do n't . . we live in a democracy man , suck it up and deal with the will of the people - stop trying to bulldoze your personal hopes and dreams onto the rest of the nation . 
  scots knew full well there was going to be a referendum on our membership of the eu and still voted to remain in the uk . 
  on top of that , 35 % of scots voted to leave the eu ... like i said before , i hope you get another referendum ... then we can enjoy the excessive amount of salt again on / r/europe ,
