  it 's not all fake though is it mate , 
  yeah i guess they must be true , please stop coming to the uk and commiting crime , stealing shit and urinating on our war memorials ... that would be much appreciated - obviously it 's all true if the tabloids say so , you 're all roma gypsy right ? 
  is it not glaringly obvious ... ? 
  you 're literally telling us `` what the uk thinks '' without having any clue what you 're talking about . 
  using tabloid headlines as a basis to your opinion really holds no relevance and just makes you look dumb, 
  bro , no offence but you 're pretty dumb ... 
  hahah i feel your pain man , i always find it so strange how similar the british and french are on so many different levels, 
  well it 's lacking in both humour and originality , however the reactions you get from the french is where the real fun can be had with that one, 
  but nothing triggers a frenchman more than a white flag ... 
  but pretty fucking funny ... 
  you should have more faith in your own country mate , but i agree our current leaders are definitely not up to par, 
  op 's trolling is on point , but a white flag over france would have been next level, 
  if we stayed now the eu would probably screw us over - i think we need to stick to our guns on this one, 
  all the sources i 've seen suggest otherwise . 
  thanks for your meaningless anecdotal evidence man, 
  there 's no way this should even be considered , we voted to leave and must follow through with that, 
  to be fair none of us really know what 's going on behind the scenes , we can speculate all we want based on media publications but we will only really know for sure when the ball actually starts rolling . . 
  it 's going to be interesting , but i honestly do n't think it 's going to effect either side that much, 
  hahahah i know we 're not in the same league , we 've far surpassed you ... 
  ever since the napoleonic era you 've been in our shadow trying to catch up . 
  that 's why you 're so bitter towards the uk . . we have contributed far more to modern civilisation than you could ever dream of ... 
  your country is synonymous with surrender for gods sake !, 
  you also have almost 10 % unemployment ... look at your ex colonies compared to the british , it 's a clear indication of which culture is superior ... 
  haha grow up you little cry baby , someone built this as a weird anti may/conservative symbol . . stop taking it so seriously . 
  also , britian does matter more than france . . everyone knows that , even you do deep down - you 're just to proud to admit it, 
  think it 's just a joke mate ... 
  hey wait , you 're an island too !, 
  so we 're ugly eh ? 
  do you wan na post a picture of yourself and i 'll do the same , we can let the people decide ? 
  you have 5.7 million people , we have 65 million . . what do you expect man ? 
  of course we have poorer people , but we also have much richer people . . 
  it works both ways - that 's what happens when you have a big population, 
  hahaha that 's hilarious , thanks for the laugh man !, 
  they also have a population of 5.6 million , it 's slightly different . . also i 'm not saying the wealth distribution in denmark and the uk are the same , i 'm saying there are very poor people in every society - my point was he was overstating the levels of poverty in the uk by a huge margin, 
  yeah there is an issue with wealth distribution , but even the poorest in society really are n't as bad as you 're making out . . of course there are people out there like that , as there are in denmark and every other country in the world - but it 's really no where near as bad as you think !, 
  maybe you should visit the uk sometime, 
  hahahaha you have such a warped view of the uk, 
  and germany will always be boring people who think they are better than everyone else ... 
  nahhh , you have so many american bases you 've now inherited the title of airstrip 2 . . 
  sigh ... 
  it 's a waste of time even trying to discuss anything with you , take care man, 
  what ? 
  haha . . are you like disconnected form reality , this whole thing started from you calling me a bigot ... you 're priceless man , it 's like you do n't even know what you 're saying ... a sensitive little flower like you could n't hurt me , 
  anyone with half a brain could see that it was a joke ... 
  unfortunately you 're one of the very few that does n't fall into that category . 
  it 's alright , now you know !, 
  i never said you called me racist , i said people like you throw around words like `` bigot '' and `` racist '' . . maybe you should be more attentive , it might save you from getting confused in future ... not very smart are you, 
  you 're getting butthurt over a tongue and cheek comment , like a sensitive little flower . . if i realised it was going to hurt your feelings so much i would n't have gone there , sorry mate - i do n't want to make you cry, 
  i joked and said `` indeed mein furher '' ... hahaha you are so sensitive man , holy shit . 
  it 's a harmless joke , if you 're offended by that then there 's not much that can help you . 
  it 's a shame that cry babies like you throw words like `` bigot '' and `` racist '' around so frequently , it makes the word have no meaning after a while ... 
  no , it was quite clearly a joke ... like i would have put the / s but i did n't realise it was n't glaringly obvious . . 
  i guess you need to spoon feed everyone on the internet these days, 
  it 's a joke man , jesus christ - you need to lighten up a bit, 
  nah i just think that brits are n't as concerned with being globally influential as most people on this sub think . 
  y' all seem to have this perception that we all want to go back to this colonial era where we dominate the world , when in reality we really do n't, 
  nah , just my experience with people i 've spoken to - so yeah , completely anecdotal and unrepresentative, 
  nah i was talking about the population , the vast majority of us do n't care about influence ... like i said we 're more concerned about our own country and doing what we can to carry on our success . 
  clearly your country 's influence around the world is more important to germans than brits, 
  losing influence because of brexit ? 
  i could n't care less how much influence we have , i just want to get on with my life and improve the quality of the lives of the people in my country ... we do n't have some aspiration for perpetual european dominance like you guys, 
  why ? 
  the eu and uk should work closely with regards to defence . 
  we do n't have to be part of a political union to come together and defend our continent ... 
  it 's just the truth man , we both know that ... you just do n't like the facts , 
  5th largest economy on the planet , # 1 financial center and the strongest military in europe . . what about ireland ? 
  literally nothing ... you need the eu because you do n't have your own legs to stand on ... 
  unfortunately you 're clearly too disillusioned to accept the facts , but that 's alright man !, 
  maybe one day, 
  what are you babbling about ? 
  no one is crying , i 'm just saying we wo n't be bullied into paying an unreasonable sum - not that we are being bullied . 
  go sit down and let the adults deal with this one mate , not the ireland has any relevance in this at all ... you 'll just do whatever you 're told, 
  absolutely not , but being bullied into paying an unreasonable bill is n't something we should stand for . 
  hopefully a more reasonable figure can be reached , we 're not going to get scammed by the eu  edit : also it 's funny how smug you are , your economy is sooo dependent on the uk . . that smug look is going to be wiped off your face pretty soon haha, 
  the bill being thrown around has no real legitimacy , it 's a number pulled out of thin air ... 
  if we pay , we should also receive a share of ownership of what we have paid for . 
  it 's common sense . . as you kids always say , you ca n't have your cake and eat it, 
  a scammer ? 
  haha ... you kids on reddit literally have n't got a clue have you . 
  the uk was always a net contributor , that means we put in more than we received back . 
  so by your logic , are we also entitled to part ownership of all the building and infrastructure that we paid to build ? 
  stop throwing your weight around , ireland is a small fry in a big pond ... 
  i know two lithuanian girls , they speak better english than any other european migrants i 've met - english classes in lithuanian must be on point, 
  nah man , we just have a different vision than you do . 
  we do n't want federalisation , you want the fourth reich, 
  nah you 're right , my comment was more geared towards taxation as a whole within the uk - it was n't specific to this article, 
  income tax is n't to outrageous , look at capital gains and inheritance tax though - it 's not pretty, 
  uk taxes are brutal, 
  oh yeah , definitely more of a carbon footprint than ireland . . we begun the industrial revolution . 
  however , we have also contributed a metric fuck tonne to combating climate change - something the headline of some article does n't change, 
  come on man , the uk has done more to combat climate change than ireland could ever dream of ... 
  i can see humour is yet to be introduced into portuguese culture ... 
  do you wan na post a picture of yourself and i 'll do the same and we can compare who is better looking ? 
  it 's a quote from snatch mate ... 
  i personally love a roast, 
  these guys are actually well trained . . 
  us police/military shit their pants and spray at the smallest potential of threat , your lads could learn a lot ... 
  damn right ya wee bawbag, 
  germans are known for their arrogance . . 
  you know - fish , chips , cup o ' tea , bad food , worse weather , mary fuckin ' poppins .
