  what you say is so mindblowingly childish , but i 'll still read them because they are part of the discussion, 
  because a government backtracks , that makes them a mini-trump administration ? 
  you really have a very limited understanding of how governments and politicians operate - pretty much all backtrack at some point . 
  there are some key fundamental differences between the british and american governments , which are polar opposite - but yeah just keep ignoring them to push your agenda ... 
  honestly mate , i cringe at 90 % of your posts . . 
  mine was n't hidden , he was shot in the arm and shoulder three times - the greeks got him out through the mountain to a british army camp . 
  to think that if he died i may not have ever been born , so yeah , thanks greece !, 
  haha, 
  my name is jonathan yeah , or jonny  i do n't get the joestar family reference though , and no idea about the `` dio '' thing . . care to enlighten me ? 
  spain is decent , i 've just got a thing for greek food, 
  well it 's got everything you need - good weather , nice food , great beaches and it 's only a four hour flight . 
  i 'd take greece over spain any day, 
  i 've been to corfu far too many times, 
  true that , i 've been to a few of your islands - i 've also partied it up in kavos quite a few years ago , pretty shameful . 
  good times man , good times, 
  thanks man , been before and know how amazing the beaches are !, 
  best in greece i 've heard, 
  i just find it interesting how much stories like that resonate ... 
  he told me when i was quite young and as i got older i asked more questions because i became interested in the subject . 
  i 've always liked the greeks because of it , ironically i 'll be in skiathos this time next week , 
  it 's funny , my grandad was dropped in greece during the war - he always had a lot of respect for the greeks because they helped him when he was shot . 
  something i 'll always remember, 
  no , i meant exactly what i said ... 
  to say he does n't deserve to be in politics is absolutely ridiculous though, 
  i think he 's quite succinct with his speeches , and he also highlights flaws in his opposition very well . 
  i 'm no hardcore farage fan , i 'm purely being objective - there 's no dispute that the man is clearly a good orator, 
  why does n't he deserve to be in politics ? 
  he is a good orator and is clearly passionate about his cause - regardless of whether you agree with him or not . 
  just seems like you 're trying so hard to pander to the pro eu crowd ... 
  if it 's because he 's lied , then surely by that logic every politician ever does n't deserve to be in politics ? 
  haha you know what i said is true , that 's why you have absolutely no rebuttal  do n't worry man , denial is the first stage of greif - once you accept reality you can rest easy, 
  leaving a political union in a democratic fashion is not hostile - maybe you should understand the meaning of certain words before using them ... to say that we 're not an educated population is just german arrogance at it 's finest . 
  we 're more innovative than you guys have ever been , we 've also contributed more to technology and science than you guys ever have . 
  on top of that we have some of the best universities in the world - and we work incredibly hard . 
  maybe if you pulled your head out of your own backside you might be able to get a more representative view of the world outside of germany, 
  will it ? 
  so i guess you will try to take over europe again ... 
  we wo n't be desperate , we 're great britain - not some small little country that needs help . 
  i think your gross underestimation of the uk will come back to bite you in the arse, 
  i can assure you there is no way in hell we would adopt the euro, 
  nah do n't worry , there 's absolutely no way it wo n't happen, 
  you 're right is some aspects , there are parts of the european project which are good and are certainly taking steps in the right direction - however there are policies that are just not compatible with the uk ( in my opinion of course ) . 
  the issue many people have is that we 've seen massive influx of eastern european migrants in the last decade , and it really has changed the demographic of some parts of the country . 
  some simply come here for the economic benefit and really have no inclination to integrate into british society and culture - that 's when segregated communities arise and it 's not healthy . 
  plus many of them send the money back to their respective countries which is obviously detrimental to the economy . 
  i think the idea of controlled immigration is the way forward , for britain at least . 
  we 're more than happy to accommodate skilled hard working people who are just trying to better their quality of life for themselves and their family . 
  i honestly do n't think the british public will ever get behind full federalisation though , so instead of dragging our heels do n't you think it 's best that we leave and let you lot crack on ? 
  also , if you do n't mind me asking - where abouts are you from ? 
  well no , european law overrules british law - so saying we are able to fully govern ourselves within the eu is a fallacy . 
  more and more powers have been transferred to brussels over the years , and many more were following that trend . . with regards to immigration , freedom of movement is a core principal of the european project - there is no way to restrict uncontrolled immigration into the uk while being part of the union . 
  this is n't to say we do n't want immigration , far from it . 
  a more sustainable model where we take people who would like to contribute and assimilate would be ideal , letting every tom , dick and harry in just has n't worked and has resulted in segregation within communities ... 
  regardless of our views , it 's nice to have a sensible pragmatic discussion about this , usually people on this sub go on the offensive right off the bat and start throwing insults . . 
  so yeah , cheers for that haha, 
  well essentially it means we can govern ourselves and hold our own politicians accountable . . 
  i know that a big issue was unregulated , uncontrolled immigration which many found unsustainable , on top of the fact that there 's absolutely no support for further federalisation within the uk . 
  do n't you think we would be a better partner outside of the political entity ? 
  nah , i 'm saying that we do n't need to be in political union to work closely together and cooperate, 
  i do n't get comments like this , just because we 're leaving the eu does n't mean we ca n't remain close and still work on joint projects like this . . 
  texans are also really nice people, 
  have you ever been to britain ? 
  it 's literally nothing like the states . . obviously i know you 're referring to our foreign policy , but that 's the governments doing . 
  plus you are aware germany also exports arms to saudi , right ? 
  bit hypocrityical , no ? 
  oh i 'm sure it 's more complex , i 'm not disputing that . . my point was , fundamentally that 's the general idea . 
  they need to make it seem like leaving the eu would have consequences - to believe otherwise is just naive, 
  do you believe otherwise ? 
  i feel like this view is slightly representative of the people in power . . 
  they 're fully aware that they need to make the eu look as appealing as possible , and punishing the uk sets a precedent that if you leave they will make life hard for you . . 
  it 's subtle but effective , however in my opinion it 's very concerning, 
  yeah it 's voluntary , but if you dare to leave you will be punished !, 
  what a great model, 
  the icelandic one looks like it 's straight out of halo or something - awesome pic, 
  hahaha the true face of the europhile right here , you 're gon na end up destroying yourself with that kind of talk, 
  i was n't trying to convince you , you 're not intellectually capable of understanding anything but your own pompous opinion ... people like you do make me laugh , you sit there convincing yourself you 're better than everyone but deep down you 're just bitter that everyone else is out there enjoying their life while your hate festers . 
  you were definitely bullied by `` degenrates '' or got rejected by a girl who you also consider `` inferior '' to yourself ... 
  i should n't really go to town on you because i do feel a bit sorry for people like you , however i feel like you need a cold hard dose of reality !, 
  i really hope you get your life back on track man , it 's a great world out there ... 
  try to embrace it !, 
  i absolutely nailed it did n't i ... 
  your social retardation gave it away, 
  hahaha you 're blatantly some skinny , ugly little nerd who has delusions of grandeur ... 
  there 's plenty of people like you out there , you 're dime a dozen man, 
  you must live in a very shitty part of the uk , where i live it 's great . . maybe you should leave the country ? 
  we could do with a few less wet blankets, 
  hahaha holy shit you 're even dumber than i first anticipated ... what are you basing these moronic statements on ? 
  show me studies that prove the majority of normal hard working brits support genocide in iraq or afghanistan ? 
  katie hopkins is mostly hated in this country , and people read the daily mail because it 's entertaining to read - that 's why it 's so popular . . you have such a one dimensional view , it 's actually comical how narrow minded you are . 
  you 're definitely not a brit , you 're just a very bitter little man haha, 
  of course i know what summer solstice is , even if you did experience some drunk guys - who gives a shit ? 
  to say that the british are `` sneaky trash '' because you saw some drunk guys at summer solstice is just weird , i have a feeling you most probably got bullied and have been bitter ever since . 
  get over it man , life is too short, 
  you aint english mate ... 
  what country are you from ? 
  hahahahah that 's not reality at all , i 've been to stonehenge multiple times and have never experienced anything even remotely like this ... you 're talking out of your arse and embarrassing yourself with your blatent lies, 
  you absolute unit, 
  you 're dumb as fuck , this is a minority of holiday makers - granted they are shitty people , but to attribute this to an entire population just makes you look like you have a very narrow minded , small brain . 
  i guess there 's just dumbasses in every country/culture eh, 
  lets do a totally representative sample study right now , i 'm 6 ' 2 . . how tall are you ?
