  2nd amendment haha . . 
  this is n't the us man . 
  but yeah , i agree with you, 
  so basically you 're saying that cctv deters people who may commit crime to think otherwise ? 
  how is that bad thing ?!, 
  haha, 
  well i do n't know why anyone would expect any privacy walking down a public street , or in a public area ? 
  is n't that the point - they 're public ? 
  if cctv leads to the prosecution of dangerous criminals then i 'm cool with it , i do n't care if there 's some recorded footage of me taking a stroll down the road - i do n't feel like that 's infringing on my privacy ? 
  i get privacy in my own home, 
  you 're absolutely right , or a mugging , stabbing or any other kind of crime ... 
  it helps prove the event , and plays a huge role when it comes to prosecuting criminals ... what i do n't understand is , what freedom is it infringing on ? 
  the term supper-carrier is based on the displacement of the vessel , not the intricacies of it 's design ... 
  even so , it 's one of the most technologically advanced carriers out there at the moment , it just is n't nuclear . 
  you sound pretty passionate about this man , i sense a bit of jealousy, 
  it 's still definitely a super-carrier mate ... 
  there 's only one carrier currently in the world which is bigger than this one and it 's the nimitz class carrier ... 
  i agree , the conservatives have n't been the best . 
  i think we need most social policies as well , however we need to be more cohesive as a country . 
  at the end of the day we 're all in this together ... 
  anecdotal, 
  you can find economists who predict completely contradictory things . 
  there is no unanimous consensus one way or the other , it 's pure speculation from both sides, 
  it 's not neighbours , it 's whole communities who do n't even bother to speak english and are only here for the financial gain . . 
  most of them do n't even want to be here , and only integrate with one another . 
  please do n't tell me what it 's like , i live in one of the home counties and have seen it first hand, 
  we will have to re forecast growth , lose a few % here and there but apart from that our economy will be fine . . do the little `` remind me '' bot thing for two years time , i guarantee this doom and gloom y' all predict will not happen, 
  the thing is , you talk like britain has nothing to offer and we 're going to have to suck up to everyone to get a deal struck - you have spent far too much time in this sub and probably / r/unitedkingdom i would assume ... we have the top financial centre in the world , on top of some of the best universities and research institutions . 
  we 're right at the top with regards to innovation and technology , on top of our arms manufacturing which is world class ... you really have no idea of our strength do you . 
  i believe we should possibility have another referendum after the negotiations have taken place , and i agree that it should require a greater margin of victory to proceed - however i really hope people who campaign so vehemently to stay will get behind their country regardless of their political agenda, 
  yes i understand the logic behind it , but what about the poor people in my country ? 
  when do they get help ? 
  it 's all good and well the british taxpayer funding the development of poorer countries , but there 's people in my country that need help also ... 
  roads that need to be fixed , hospitals that need to be refurbished . . you have the audacity and arrogance to sit there on your high horse and say we should be paying for your development , who the fuck paid for our development ? 
  oh yeah , ourselves ... by working our arses off, 
  integration is a huge problem , i live in one of the home countries surrounding london - you see eastern european area where barely anyone speaks english . 
  native shops pop up all over the place - you drive into north london and you barely see any english written on signs . 
  the is not acceptable in my mind , i have absolutely no problem with immigrants - they 're mostly great people and i have many friends from many countries . . 
  but at the rate it was happening it really is unsustainable . 
  i love my country a lot , i do n't want to see it change to significantly - which it will if we carry on the way we were . 
  if fom continues unregulated then the government has failed to follow through on what the public voted for , which will mean a massive change in voting patterns next election, 
  as i said , the trade deals we have currently negotiated within the eu will be used to massively speed up the process - all the foundations have been laid . 
  you can not compare this democratically conducted referendum on our membership of the eu to slavery - come on man , lets not digress . 
  what do you think we should do then ? 
  ignore the majority of people who voted for brexit ? 
  what is your solution to this that appeases both sides ? 
  no mate , but when you have unregulated immigration from all members states with net migration figures reaching astronomical levels - of course it will eventually dilute the culture of your country . . we 're already seeing massive amounts of segregation within communities - you would n't understand because you do n't have a metric fuck tonne of people moving to your country every year ... you can not understand our perspective at all as your country is a massive net receiver from the eu and it benefits you guys hugely . . flip that on it 's head and become a net contributor , see how much you love it then, 
  the arse kissing is real ... 
  the issue with being in union with 27 other states is that everyone has to agree before these deals can be made . 
  it takes a monumental amount of time to make any progress , and while i agree that you do have more clout as a cohesive bloc , concessions have to be made for certain countries to ensure everyone is happy . 
  outside of this union we can work on agreements that benefit the uk in it 's entirety , there are huge benefits about working alone in this respect . 
  there are pros and cons for both sides of the fence , however it looks like we are leaving the eu so the only thing to do is get fully behind it and make it a huge success . 
  we certainly have the ability to do so, 
  look , you 're right about the world being smaller and how we should stick together - i get that and agree with it . 
  however the model that is currently in place does not work for us . 
  i wish the eu had taken a different path but unfortunately it did n't and that ca n't be changed - in theory it is a fantastic idea, 
  it takes time , but once they are in place it 's usually smooth sailing from there . . plus we already adhere to all eu regulation , so any trade deals concerning europe will be done relatively quickly . 
  it 's the same around the world , the basis of our current trade agreements can be replicated and signed off pretty quickly . 
  i know it 's not going to be a completely smooth ride , but i think you may be surprised about what opportunities we have open to us . 
  have faith man , ride out the storm, 
  that 's your outlook though , i have faith in my country and the people who work hard everyday to keep it in the top 5 best performing economies of the world . 
  we will recover , and we will continue to be a top performer in years to come, 
  people keep using the classic `` muh soverienty '' line , but sovereignty is important to a lot of people . . we do n't want to be swallowed up and become a region of an eu superstate , we 're proud of our country , our culture . 
  we believe we can succeed outside of the political union , but by no means are we shitting on the continent ... 
  it really gets to me when people think this was a vote against europe . 
  this was a vote against the political entity that is the eu . 
  i was saying this before the referendum when they brought up the hit to the economy . . to me there are much more important things than money , i honestly do n't think our economy will take that much a hit in the short term , maybe a loss of a few % growth in the next few years but it will stabalise and we will work our arses off to be one of the top performers in the world - as we always have been, 
  no not at all , we will be fine - but we were always going to take a short term economic hit for this decision , to believe otherwise would be incredibly naive ... 
  this is n't a short term decision , this is long term . 
  if you genuinely believe the british economy will collapse because we left a political union with european states , then frankly you 're massively dissolutioned, 
  do you not think we 're capable of forging our own trade deals ? 
  i mean i know our politicians are pretty shocking , but you really have lost all faith in your own country have n't you ... 
  was/is - semantics man . 
  you knew what i meant , 
  i do n't agree with every decision my government has made over the last 40 years , however you need the interests of your respective country at the forefront of any situation if you 're an elected politician . 
  they certainly were n't perfect , far from it - but the principal still remains the same, 
  nah anyone with a realistic outlook knew we would take an economic hit , that 's common sense ... our economy will recover though , that 's the key differential in this whole argument, 
  politicians fought for decisions that benefit the uk , like any government is elected to do so ... 
  your own government does the same , it just happens that the model currently in place is massively beneficial to germany - hense why you 're all such militant europhiles, 
  nah , the economy will certainly take a hit but it will recover . . 
  i know you prefer the narrative of the uk self destructing , but i think you 're going to be incredibly disappointed in the next decade, 
  i agree that there were many uneducated people out there that were heavily influenced by the tabloids , however there were many real reasons why brexit was a good idea, 
  it looks like there 's going to be a softer brexit than first anticipated anyway ... scotland only exports 16 % to the eu , there will definitely be a deal made regardless - even if there was n't it really would n't be as catastrophic as you make out, 
  no mate , are you so immature to think that the decisions made by the uk regarding the eu were down to spite ? 
  come on , get real, 
  has scotland suffered a severe loss of jobs due to brexit ? 
  there 's a myriad of reasons why people voted for brexit , it 's not as black and white as people make out on here, 
  we 're a rich enough country to take an economic hit for national sovereignty . . why do people on this sub find it so hard to believe , money is n't everything !, 
  hahahahaha did you just imply that the uk is a parasitic freeloader ? 
  i hear ya, 
  reddit is a great place , but it 's always going to attract very opinionated young people that are a little bit disconnected from reality ... just take it with a pinch of salt man, 
  concessions will have to be made on both sides to come to a mutually beneficial agreement . 
  i know you hate to admit it , but a good deal with the uk is very much in the eus favour . . you need to put your emotions aside in these kind of negotiations and let pragmatism prevail, 
  true that , i 'm sitting here at work doing the same thing haha, 
  you 're trying to convince teens on reddit to take a mature pragmatic approach to the situation , do you not see the fundamental flaw in that ? 
  the people on this sub just echo whatever they read/see . . 
  they see it as a `` eu vs uk '' thing , when in reality the people actually conducting the negotiations understand the benefits of a mutual agreement that benefits both parties . . 
  the eu wants a strong uk and the uk wants a strong eu - it 's basic economics regarding trade . 
  you 're wasting your time man , the people on here are far to emotionally invested - it clouds their vision massively, 
  nah , i 'm basing my opinions on tabloid publications - just like you did,
