  some are concerned about unlimited immigration , some about sovereignty and the right to govern ourselves , the list goes on . 
  i just wish the reaction was n't so hostile . . 
  the taxpayers of this country made the decision of how and where they want their money spent , why is that such a bad thing ? 
  nah i understand the reaction to a certain extent , but like i said it really does put it into perspective ... 
  the european people have no concern about the british , they only care about the consequences for themselves . . people in this country made their decision , maybe you should look at yourselves and wonder why people made that decision ? 
  oh fuck off , we 're not going to kneel to german bullying ... and you wonder why people voted to leave ?!, 
  why the hell would we want to be in union with people like you ? 
  i voted remain by the way ... grow up you child, 
  the spiteful reactions from europeans really does put it into perspective . . 
  i voted remain , and you guys are making an absolute embarrassment of yourself . 
  we live in a democracy , and we respect democratic votes . 
  the fact that you all want the uk to fail really does show how right the electorate were - we should not be in any union with these spiteful people . 
  absolutely disgusting behaviour, 
  oh come on mate , you act like you did n't already have a referendum in 2014 and voted to stay as part of the uk , knowing full well there would be a referendum of our membership of the eu . 
  playing the `` we 'll be ignored '' card is pretty ridiculous - for your population size you 're heavily over represented in parliament , and you were literally given a referendum 3 bloody years ago !, 
  stop pretending you 're so hard done by ... 
  i think he was more referring to the eu , and the schengen area ... ? 
  that 's how i interpreted it anyway, 
  hahah that guy just made you look like such a dick . . 
  although you did a pretty good job of doing that yourself, 
  yeah i know man , it was only a joke ... 
  and russia was n't ?!, 
  not only did they lose 20,000,000 people , they also had their major cities destroyed . . britain , france and germany were majorly suffering , but you do n't think russia was as well ? 
  you do n't think russia took a hammering during wwii as well ?!, 
  everyone in europe , including russia was on their knees, 
  i 've said this before a few times on this sub , i honestly do n't understand why people are so scared of some kind of russian invasion . . 
  they would get obliterated, 
  there was never really much threat of a land invasion during the cold war , and i 'm confident britain , germany and france could have battered the east . . maybe not in numbers , but through sheer economic might , training and technology . . 
  it was all down to nuclear deterrents , which france and the uk had plenty of, 
  i read it as `` thanks england for making us look bad '' ... long day at work man , my brain is fried ... 
  deep fried , 
  cocaine is london , heroin is scotland ... you 've also got the gold medal in obesity too, 
  i do n't think there has been any viable threat apart from the ussr during the cold war ... 
  which would have been a nuclear war , as opposed to the more traditional war we 're used to in europe . 
  any nuclear power has the capability to destroy each other , regardless of how small they are, 
  you keep the heroin and cocaine consumption up and we 'll smash it on the health front . . got all bases covered, 
  ermmmm nah not really , when did britain rely on the usa for military protection after wwii ? 
  no , the main arguments were centered around what currency would be used , and the longevity of the north sea oil trade ... 
  looks like something straight out of game of thrones, 
  we have become soft , maybe it 's time we toughened up a bit !, 
  simon cowell for pm, 
  irish isles haha . . yeah good luck with that man, 
  nah man , do n't you know . . 
  if you 're an ally of the us that automatically makes you a puppet by deafult . . everyone knows that / s, 
  nah you 'd just become a region of a broader picture ... 
  your own government would pass power to the centralized government of the us , and your influence would greatly diminish, 
  you 're saying that we all need to group together because we do n't have empires anymore , but canada is an independent sovereign state ? 
  by your logic , canada would be better poised to negotiate and compete with the emerging powers in asia and the eu if they were part of the usa ... ? 
  it always makes me laugh how similar the uk and france are in terms of population , gdp and military power, 
  so by your logic , canada should become the 51st state ? 
  yep , you 're a moron ... 
  you were literally denying that there are strong eurosceptic parties within the eu , which is frankly incredibly misinformed . . marine le pen probably wo n't win the election , but she 's going to make it to the second round and is expected to get 35-40 % of the vote . 
  if you do n't think that 's incredibly significant then you 're brainwashed ... look at things objectively mate , not through your lefty keyhole . . realism is better than burying your head in the sand . . 
  i did n't say we 're good immigrants , you 're getting confused again . 
  i 'm not talking about brits specifically , most developed countries operate using this model for immigration . 
  if you have a skill set and will be benefitial to your host country you 're able to live and work in said country . . can you not see the distinction between this model and completely uncontrolled , unregulated immigration ? 
  they are very different ... 
  i know they 're taking the piss , i love these floats they 're hilarious and really well made . . 
  this shit does n't trigger me at all !, 
  i wish there was more stuff like this out there . . 
  quoting shit like `` the eu are nazis '' really holds no relevance ... 
  i 've never heard anyone say this , probably about 1 in 10,000 people hold this view - hardly relevant is it . 
  majorly clutching at straws there lad ... 
  there 's so much wrong with that post that i do n't even know where to start ... firstly i was n't saying that right wing parties are going to sweep every election in europe , i just said they have support - not necessarily the majority , but there 's definitely a feeling of eurosceptism is many european countries . 
  this was my original point that you ca n't seem to comprehend - or you just do n't want to accept it , either way ... secondly that 's not an opportunity denied to future brits , you do n't even know what 's going to be negotiated post brexit . 
  why would the germans turn away skilled/talented people from britain ? 
  they would n't ... you have a very black and white view , comes across very uninformed ... thirdly i 'm not angry , i just said that your comment about brexiters being retarded is a massively moronic statement . 
  you 're clearly incredibly arrogant , which is clouding your judgement - so i guess i can let you off there , some people just have that kind of personality . . lastly , i was never triggered by this post , if you actually have a look i just explained to you what the guy above me meant , as you seemed to be struggling with what he was trying to say . 
  it might be an idea to read posts properly and get some context before literally making stuff up to validate your point . . again , just a bit of friendly advice , 
  you 're butthurt that there 's right wing parties doing well in the eu , you even try to denounce their popularity ... 
  it 's very strange indeed !, 
  brexit happened , you need to grow a pair and get on with it ... alternatively you can campaign or leave the country , both will be equally as pointless though . 
  if you managed to pull your head out of your own backside you might be able to see the world in a much more pleasant way , and possibly have slightly more optimism for the future . . just some advice for you there man , 
  losing the argument ? 
  haha what , my original point was that there are strong eurosceptic parties within eu nations - which is a fact . . no matter how butthurt that makes you ... we have very different views , you literally come across as brainwashed . . also saying everyone who voted for brexit is retarded is literally the dumbest thing you could have said , you lose massive amounts of credibility when you make such a moronic statement, 
  hahaha `` everyone informed knows it 's retarded '' . . people like you are morons, 
  well you 're burying your head in the sand if you do n't think there 's strong eurosceptic parties within the eu . . 
  i 'm not rubbing my hands with glee at all , simply stating a fact . 
  i do n't want the eu to break up - far from it . 
  i was just providing some clarity around the comment matey wrote up there, 
  because there are strong eurosceptic parties in europe too you know , it 's not just the uk ... 
  i think he means that if the uk is successful outside of the eu it will strengthen the position of many right wing eurosceptic parties across the continent, 
  i had this problem at the weekend with the new fiver , we 're doomed i tell ya , doomed !, 
  nahhhh the discussions i had were really productive , probably because the people i spoke to were mature and actually knew what they were talking about haha, 
  hahaha if you say so ... 
  haha what are you talking about ? 
  get back to me when you 're able to have an adult conversation ... 
  nope , just stating the obvious mate, 
  that brits feel superior , or that brits have an inferiority complex ? 
  both are equally retarded statements , as we 're a country of over 64 million people ... 
  but i guess from your logic the dutch must just be stupid based on your representation, 
  what is that supposed to mean . . ? 
  does putting people down who have different views to you make you feel superior ? 
  sounds like you have a bit of an inferiority complex there mate ... 
  hahaha the only time i 've heard the british empire even brought up with relation to brexit is from people like you ... 
  because it 's the media . . 
  i 've never heard anyone even talk about romanians and bulgarians coming to the uk like it 's some sort of terrible thing , let alone half the fucking country ... 
  no one actually believes that half of romania and bulgaria are going to move to the uk , you know that right ... ? 
  she/he is a moron, 
  yep , you nailed it,
