  it 's cool man , there 's no shame in speaking the truth, 
  i 've just seen all the other comments he 's made in this thread , i definitely should n't have got triggered haha, 
  hahaha what the fuck , you need to lay off the drugs man ... 
  anyway you can keep your little narrow minded opinion and stay in bulgaira , suits me just fine !, 
  sounds like the impression of a child , or someone who 's not the sharpest tool in the shed . . 
  i understand you 've met dickhead brits , so have i. . 
  i 've also met dickhead french , german , spanish , american etc. . . 
  taking your personal experience and extrapolating that out to formulate an opinion of a nation of over 60m is just dumb as fuck man ... grow up , cause you sound like a salty teenager, 
  yeah i live in britain and interact with brits all day everyday ... you interact with a few lads on holiday , it 's slightly different . . also i like how you ignored my reply to your `` brits are dumbfucks '' comment . 
  you know deep down you 're fighting a losing battle there, 
  you think brits are dumbfucks ? 
  tell me what bulgaria has contributed to the world , then i 'll send you the massive list of scientific and technological advancements brits have contributed ... 
  if you base your opinion of a nation from a few pissheads abroad then you 're clearly pretty fucking dumb !, 
  just sayin, 
  you 're just mad that bulgaria is irrelevant as fuck . . britain is the worlds fifth largest economy , we certainly are more special than your country . . you can cry and throw abuse all you want , it ai n't gon na change man, 
  i know man , they will build statues of me in years to come . . vive la r\u00e9sistance !, 
  i 'm proud of my flair , could n't care less if i get downvoted or not !, 
  they 're so triggered man ... 
  you 're a moron ... haha, 
  past decades ? 
  blair was a huge champion of the eu , their posturing in recent years has just been to appease the british public who were becoming more and more eurosceptic . . 
  politicians will do and say anything to garner favour with the electorate, 
  you 're clearly very disillusioned regarding the british electorate ... 
  i can see from your reply that your entire view on the uk comes from tabloid headlines . . you might want to try and do some actual research , maybe speak to a few brits and try to understand from an alternative point of view than your own ... because you sound like a moron who literally has no idea what he/she 's talking about ... 
  i was n't part of the leave campaign , neither was anyone i knew that voted to leave . . 
  so many people were engaged in this referendum , people did a lot of their own research and came to their own conclusions , ignoring the vitriol and lies from both sides of the fence . . 
  in most of the cases i know , it boils down to essentially being in control of our own country - too much power has been passed to brussels over the years , and much more will be passed there in the future . . we wanted to leave before we get swallowed up by an eu superstate . . 
  i 'll get downvoted for this as most of the people here are die hard europhiles , but i 'm simply giving you a perspective into the thought process of the average leave voter . 
  we 're not all racist , xenophobic morons as the media would like you to think ... 
  yeah the uk has opt outs on things that are n't beneficial to us as a country ... 
  if your government is n't doing what 's best for your own country , then something is seriously wrong . . we abided by the rules like everyone else , we just do n't want to federalise and that 's the way the eu is going, 
  so many people still just do n't get it , it blows my mind ... brexit was n't about finance and gdp , it was about the control of our own country - the chance to get our sovereignty back ... 
  there was always going to be a cost , but many people believe that it 's worth it to be a normal self governing nation again . . 
  i 'm surprised it 's such an alien concept to so many people in this sub , why is being in control of your own country such a crazy thing to want to do !, 
  absolutely , we certainly agree on that !, 
  also i understand how eu foreign policy operates man , it 's why things take forever to progress because you need to get everyone on board . 
  lets be honest though , germany is the big boss, 
  reference to brussels is reference to the eu parliament man , not the actual city itself . . 
  being pedantic does n't invalidate my point . . ireland has a very small voice in the eu , you basically tow the line for access to the common market - which is great as long as you 're fine with that as a citizen . . 
  i like the idea of being a nation state democracy as opposed to a region of some eu superstate . . 
  but yeah , we all have different views eh, 
  well you need approval from brussels to make any kind of post brexit agreement with the uk , which i understand is fundamental to the european project ... 
  so call it what you like , but in essence you kinda are governed by brussels ... 
  yeah , probably why a lot of people in the uk voted to leave ... 
  i guess they did n't like the idea of being governed from brussels, 
  exactly , and even for isolated cases like this which only effect ireland and the uk , it still needs to be approved by the rest of the member states ... would be a lot easier with a simple bilateral agreement , that 's all i was saying, 
  hahaha nah i know there 's exceptions . . 
  i was more going on the fact we both speak the same language , have historical and cultural ties etc. . 
  but yeah , i 'm pretty sure they 're significantly more pro eu than they are pro uk . 
  not that it matters . . 
  yeah , you know what i mean man ... 
  it 's not just about trade , there 's no denying ireland is clearly our best mate in europe . . 
  it 's just a shame we ca n't have our own talks , and have to go through the eu, 
  buyers confidence is pretty fundamental to a healthy economy ... 
  the salt is real . . 
  exactly , huge opportunities for the uk and the eu !, 
  nah man , the arguments to leave were just more compelling than the arguments to stay . . 
  it 's as simple as that my dear fellow, 
  hahaha clearly you have n't spent much time in britain because you are talking out of your arse monsieur baguette, 
  jolly good show old chap, 
  my point was pretty much based on the sheer size of the british empire , the influence it had on the development of the modern world and the reach of english to all corners of the globe ... 
  i 'm sure it can be debated , and many others could potentially claim the top spot . . 
  i did say `` apparently '' in my original statement as it 's pretty much down to interpretation on what you think classes as `` sucess '' , but there 's no denying britain is up there with the all time greats ... 
  haha you 've redeemed yourself with that one, 
  rosbif  frog , 
  ohhh no , i was n't saying it 's the longest running union in history - i was saying it 's been the most successful . 
  sorry man , should have made that more clear, 
  you forgot the crumpets ... 
  rookie mistake, 
  well the point was the union between the four countries in the uk was the most successful union in history . . ? 
  i do n't really know what you 're trying to say ... 
  british empire was still bigger though ... 
  you need to educate yourself man ... 
  most successful union in history apparently, 
  yeah man , cause you can really attribute the actions of ukip to the entire population of england . . you cheese eating , surrendering french pussy ... two can play at that game, 
  you wan na be liked on this sub so much do n't you . . 
  it 's so cringe man, 
  it 's a great island man , come visit sometime, 
  how is it a fucking mess , out of interest ? 
  if you have a higher gdp it allows you to invest heavily into the armed forces if the shit hits the fan ... russia invests a lot into it 's military , but if france , the uk or germany felt threatened i 'm sure we would see some pretty big budget increases ... we tend to invest more into education , research and healthcare then tanks and guns - it does n't mean we 're weak , just have our priorities right . . also , i love france , but the uk definitely has a more powerful/experienced military , i think that 's pretty much accepted throughout europe, 
  one thing we should take away from the whole brexit and trump thing , never trust polls ... 
  fish and chips mate , it 's where the parties at ... 
  i think the thought process in britain and scandinavia are quite similar ... 
  pretty sure no one actually cares about the fact that britain did n't help create the eu . 
  i have n't heard that come up once in the months of pre and post brexit coverage and general conversation with other brits ... 
  most people just want their sovereignty back and feel like we could do a better job on our own . . 
  it 's that simple , based on my experience anyway, 
  maybe it 's time you looked in the mirror mate , you got butthurt over a joke - sounds like you 're pretty insecure about your how pansy your country is . 
  to be fair , if i was french i would be too ... 
  we have n't sacrificed our economy , we 're just going through a rough patch obviously directly connected to the change/uncertainty of brexit ... 
  this is a short term problem , the economy will recover very quickly and i think you 'll be surprised with our growth figures in future ... 
  hahaha you 're not though , you were well and truly triggered by my flippant comment , 
  it was a joke , holy shit man ... you 're not a pansie for drinking wine , you 're a pansie for being a whiny little bitch ... 
  this is / r/europe , a very heavily pro eu sub - many many people on here are full on federalists , i do n't know why you think independence will be the clear victor ? 
  i prefer beer to wine , therefore i 'm a chav ? 
  french logic ... 
  try again petit homme ... 
  france , the land of wine drinking pansies ... , 
  true , just quite a contrast to when we were the fastest growing g7 economy until very recently, 
  we 're going through some rough economic uncertainty at the moment - it will stabalise and we will be back on our feet in no time,
