do n't worry man , its just jealousy . . theyre bitter about how much britian \\ england has contributed to science , culture and technology throughout then world ... they have an inferiority complex with their insignificant contries so as an outlet they hate on better ones to make themselves feel better ... its glaringly obvious , do n't take it personally . . just laugh and shrug it off . . the germans and the americans have to deal with it too , its part of having a country that has contributed to the modern world . . unlike the countries most of the people here are posting from, 
  can someone explain to me why the threat level is so high in sweden ? 
  you guys are a neutral country who welcomes migrants with open arms ... why would anybody want to terrorize you, 
  we 're talking about the uk here , not england ... 
  i also live in the uk and have worked in a majority scottish company for the past 5 years . 
  you 've just seen nationalists on internet forums and taken their views as representative of an entire country . 
  if you actually knew any scottish people you 'd know how stupid your comments sound . 
  you 've seen it on internet forums which usually have very little connection to the actual populace . . you really have no idea what you 're talking about , so stop acting like you do, 
  sorry man , did n't mean to be rude !, 
  we 're not bitter or deluded , just want what 's best for britain, 
  of course , it 's just the arrogance of this guy that got me to bite . 
  they ca n't see it from our perspective as they fully rely on the eu . 
  britain has the resources to go it alone , they just seem to be bitter about it ... 
  yeah because finland has been important anytime ever ... oh wait, 
  russia is not going to invade man , blows my mind that you think they 're stupid enough to even consider that ... 
  it 's not about being a power achiever man , it 's about applying yourself and working hard ... 
  i 'm not talking about being really successful , even on a low wage job in the uk you can afford to travel to europe at least once a year !, 
  we 've all had problems in life , i know it aint easy . . 
  but if you work your arse off you can acheive . . 
  this guy is just attributing the exchange rate as the sole reason he ca n't go on holiday . . 
  which is bullshit really , he 's either just saying that to push his political agenda or he is lazy as fuck to put it bluntly ... 
  maybe you should have worked harder ... 
  if you ca n't afford a holiday to europe then times must be pretty rough for you man, 
  i was reading through this thread and thinking the exact same thing you just said ... it 's pretty funny , i imagine a lot of the people on here are teenagers, 
  yeah there might be a very slight increase from a tiny minority , but i can assure you literally nothing has changed day to day . 
  i work with many europeans , and they 're as chilled as ever . . 
  ask them yourself , they will tell you the same thing . 
  the country is exactly the same mate , these incidents are just reported on as it makes an interesting read ... 
  literally nothing has changed day to day in britain since the referendum , as much as you lot would like to think it has ... 
  it 's pretty comical reading some of the posts on here, 
  as i said mate , scotland voted to remain part of the uk knowing full well a referendum on eu membership was on the cards . 
  it was never guaranteed we 'd stay part of the eu , and scotland still voted to remain part of the union . 
  not all snp voters want independence you bell , they just represent scotland in westminster . . 
  it 's the logical choice over the tories or labor . 
  it 's just a bit pathetic how little respect you have for 55 % of your country , but as i said you guys are the spoilt brat of the uk so the nationalists do n't care about democracy as long as they get what they want ... 
  scotland had a referendum at the cost of the british tax payer ... scotland voted to remain part of the union ... why should taxpayers keep fronting the bill for people like you to keep bulldozing your political agenda until you get what you want ? 
  you 'd just want referendum after referendum until you get the `` right '' outcome ... grow up , stop being such a spoilt brat , and respect the democratic will of your nation, 
  if you were n't aware of potential brexit in 2014 then you need to be more up to date with current affairs . 
  a referendum for our membership in the eu was discussed before the indyref , there was always a possibility we would leave . 
  you 're literally just clutching at straws , using any excuse to get another referendum regardless of the fact 55 % of scots voted to remain part of the uk . 
  you should respect the democratic decision of the people in your country man , instead of endlessly trying to push your own agenda and force it on others around you . 
  seems pretty fucked up from my perspective !, 
  you are aware scotland voted to remain part of the uk in 2014 , right ... ? 
  the beauty is , we do n't need you at all . . no matter how hard you bitch and whine that the uk left the eu , it will never change the fact that we british will suceed no matter what . . 
  put us in any situation and we will find a way to thrive . 
  you know this , that 's why you 're so bitter and vocal trying to put us down . . 
  it 's a clear sign of fear , one which you try and get over , because posting it makes it so unbelievably transparent . . peace bro x, 
  alright , well stop talking shite then ... '' how much the average person 's in uk/ireland looks to obama like he has an actual mandate there '' that sentence right there is pretty ridiculous ... 
  unless you live in a bubble with not many friends to talk to ... 
  haha mate , do n't even bother replying to them ... 
  they 're literally just delusional teenagers who have n't got a clue , and think we 're the bad guy for leaving . . 
  honestly , they 're just salty they come from pathetic countries with 0 influence . . do n't give them the time of day !, 
  of course , the uncertainty was always going to have short term negative effects economically . . we will be better off in the long run though . . keep your eyes peeled , you 'll see for yourself !, 
  that 's funny , because i live in the uk and interact with fellow brits day in , day out and obama is barely ever mentioned ... you 're talking complete shit quite frankly , and are basing your opinions on a handful of `` british facebook friends '' , which probably do n't even exist anyway . . no one cares about obama or hilary , it 's interesting to watch the us elections if you 're politically interested , but we 're really not that bothered ... and mr american below , do n't listen to these plebs on reddit , they literally just make shit up to push an agenda, 
  haha `` what makes you stay ? '', 
  ... brtains an awesome country , the fact that you 're so surprised about this makes me laugh ... ohhh continentals , never change, 
  ahhhhhhhhhh man , so brutal !, 
  do you hate us now ? 
  haha, 
  it 's annoying though , cause europeans are clearly our bro 's ... 
  this aint about giving europe the middle finger , it 's about not liking the undemocratic shady eu ... 
  the eu and britain just did n't go well . . we think differently, 
  wow , you think we should vote based on how it will affect poland ? 
  get real man . . 
  this was about britain , not poland, 
  i voted remain bro , all i 'm saying is ... respect the democratic vote and stop with the insults ... 
  we do n't live in a democracy ? 
  clearly you 're slightly disillusioned . . mate i understand what you 're saying , but at the end of the day the british people voted in their best interests . . as should anyone when it comes to a vote ( within reason obviously ) . 
  of course we have concern about europe , you 're our neighbours and friends . . 
  it turns out we just want to govern ourselves , and not have foreign bureaucrats making decisions for our country . . 
  i really do n't understand why people find that so hard to relate to ? 
  as i said , i voted to remain . . 
  but i can sympathise with the leave voters . 
  it was a bloody tough decision , the debate has been intense in the uk . 
  please do n't take this as a personal attack on europe , it really is n't . . 
  it 's just a matter of our future . . we voted to join the common market , it has become much more than that . . 
  the british people had the right to decide whether they wanted to be a part of that or not . . 
  i 'm not taking the moral high ground at all , but you need to see it from both perspectives . . not just the one that affects you, 
  i know man , what can ya do eh !, 
  i voted remain man , but to be quite honest i would never vote for federalization . . 
  in my opinion it just would n't be good , maybe for a few countries , but not all . . 
  but if there 's one thing you take away from this short conversation , remember that the british people are by no means anti european . . 
  the debate has been intense in the uk , everyones been talking about it . . 
  i have n't heard one bit of anti european sentiment . . 
  this is down to politics , not friendship, 
  but this was n't an attack on europe . . we do n't want to hurt europe at all , this is n't us saying `` fuck off europe '' . . 
  this is half of the population saying `` we do n't want to be in political union '' . 
  you need to make that distinction , because we are very pro europe , but only 50 % of us are pro eu ... 
  sorry man , it 's hard to pick on sarcasm via text . . based on some of the comments from europeans i 've seen this morning , i thought this was 100 % legit . . 
  it 's been a very difficult decision for the british people , reflected in how close the vote was !, 
  i guess the confidence in eu was n't high enough to pull us through , but what 's done is done . . 
  being friendly to one another is the only thing we can do . 
  you talk about isolationism , and unity . . 
  but the reaction from europeans really does make me wonder how united we really were . . you guys are n't our biggest fans , and from the member states we all have varying political views . . 
  it 's a sad day , but i hope people can see it from both perspectives . . 
  the eu is n't as great as you would like to believe !, 
  yeah i understand that man , but we can not put everyone before britain . 
  i guess people decided their own country means more to them than other ones . . 
  shock horror, 
  from my experience , people have a wide variety of reasons to leave .
