  meh , i 'm a bit fed up with political correctness to be honest . . like i said before , his actions have made him one of the most popular politicians in the uk . . 
  nah , the freedom to make our own laws , control our own immigration , spend our money the way we way to spend it - not finance roads and infrastructure thousands of miles away ... of course economics plays a huge role , but it 's not the be all and end all is what i 'm saying, 
  is he a fool because he 's eurosceptic . . ? 
  his court jester antics have made him one of the most popular politicians in the uk . 
  i always thought he was a bit of a prat until i watched a documentary on his life . 
  turns out the guy is supremely intelligent and incredibly driven . 
  i think you would be surprised, 
  a very very intelligent fool, 
  we want european unity , but we do n't need to be in political union to do that ... 
  i honestly think so many people see brexit as a personal attack on europe , the continent - but it 's purely a rejection of the bureaucratic establishment in brussels that we clearly do n't want to be a part of anymore . 
  there will still be strong european unity, 
  where abouts are you from out of interest ? 
  again , not everything is about economics old chap, 
  to be fair , i 'm pretty confident that the uk , france and germany alone could defend europe from pretty much anyone ... 
  i honestly do n't see russia as a viable threat , not from a military perspective anyway, 
  granted he says things that are n't taken well by the politically correct , but he 's certainly not a moron, 
  you clearly do n't understand do you , leaving the eu does n't mean all europeans are going to be prohibited from coming to the uk - it just means there wo n't be open borders . 
  why would the government turn away highly skilled individuals to fill specialised roles ? 
  captiulate to the us ? 
  no mate , it 's called global economics ... 
  they want to do a trade deal which is mutually beneficial . . that 's how bilateral trade works . . 
  i have a feeling you 're some 18-20 year old guy who has been spending far too much time in / r/worldnews ... you live in a democracy , there 's always going to be decisions made that do n't fit with your own political agenda ... you ca n't throw your toys out of the pram when something does n't go your way . 
  if you ca n't handle it then by all means leave !, 
  like i said , we could do with a few less spineless pansies like yourself, 
  exactly , there 's no denying we will lose some eu talent - but the idea that funding will cease once we leave is just ridiculous . . 
  the funding voids will be filled , and we will without a doubt continue to be one of the leading countries in scientific and technological advancements, 
  weirdest bot ever ... 
  you do n't have to be patriotic , if you ca n't see the distinction between being `` patriotic '' and straight up hatred for your country then you 're clearly not that bright . 
  being a lab rat does n't make you a scientist ... edit : sorry i did n't see that comment at the end . . 
  it only showed the quote to begin with . 
  the company i work for is n't being hit hard at all , prior to brexit we secured a huge investment from the scottish government and it 's in a field that is growing significantly . 
  look mate , you need to get over the fact that people voted to leave the eu ... 
  if you ca n't grow up and accept that then please leave . 
  perpetual whining is n't going to change anything , you need to accept it and move on, 
  thanks mr skeltal, 
  i 'm a scientist too dipshit , i can assure you there 's no shortage at the moment ... we have ~ 50 applicants for every role . 
  you 're just spineless , if you do n't like the country then leave . . we would be better off without pansies like you, 
  to be fair there 's quite a few ugly people in the uk , i 'm just happy i 'm not one of them , 
  thank god for that , please fuck off asap, 
  and they say germans do n't have a good sense of humour . . haha, 
  i love the canadians , but i do n't think they 're in a position to `` lead the world economy '' are they ? 
  that 's such an over simplified and frankly childish interpretation of why brexit happened . . you 're burying your head in the sand if you think it 's entirely down to immigration ... 
  i 'm not saying we should have some peachy deal , far from it . . 
  i think a fair deal for both parties should be reached , not one where the eu cuts off their nose to spite their face in order to scare other countries from leaving . 
  that 's when things become dangerous ... with regards to your second point , no further comment necessary - i agree , it 's pretty self evident, 
  i 've never been to roi , but i know the culture is very similar . . 
  i work with people from the republic and the north . 
  honestly , all of us on these little islands are very similar . 
  the culture is pretty much identical , apart from a few obvious differences, 
  yeah man , scotland definitely played it 's part . . 
  but the point is , you guys bankrupted yourself trying to establish that colony in panama . . you needed the real colonial masters to show you the ropes  scotland is definitely not different to england , i 'm sorry i agree with you on many things but that is not true at all . . 
  i 've traveled between the two extensively and they 're literally the same . 
  the only difference is it rains a fuck load in scotland , and it only rains a shit load in england ... apart from that and the variation in accent everything is the bloody same mate, 
  not at all , i completely agree there should be an amicable agreement made which benefits both sides - a normal bilateral agreement effectively . . my original comment was based around the eu making it as tough as possible for the uk to succeed to deter other eurosceptic countries from leaving . 
  this is actually a double edged sword , because it highlights the severe insecurities in the eu . 
  they are fully aware we could do very well on our own , and they hate that concept . 
  they know that others will see what 's going on and start to question their own membership . . 
  i 'm so glad it 's britain that 's leaving , we 're one of the only countries that could really blow it out of the water ... also , the uk economy is meant to surpass germany by 2050 . . 
  interesting times lay ahead !, 
  that would be an interesting model , could be savage for scotland with the bank of england setting your interest rates though ... yeah there 's no point in arguing about it , you get so much more out of a friendly , reasonable discussion . 
  i do think the relations between our countries would crumble though , many would see it as a stab in the back . 
  building the wealth of scotland using english trade routes and the empire , then fucking off when things get tough ... 
  but hey ho , people are always gon na complain regardless . 
  how old are you out of interest ? 
  the way you 're describing it sounds like a big corporation shitting on a small business to protect it 's own interests ... makes sense from their perspective but it 's pretty fucked up !, 
  anyway , the uk will succeed no matter what , that 's not blind nationalism talking - it 's a realistic point of view . 
  i think you continentals massively underestimate the brits, 
  six nations is the best rugby tournament going in my opinion ... my team at work is only 10 strong , and we have english , welsh , irish and scottish . . 
  the banter is pretty decent . 
  yeah maybe you 're right , it 's hard to say really . . 
  i personally would like the uk to stay together , but on the flipside it could be better for all of us if scotland left !, 
  i 'm conflicted haha . . 
  anyway , would an independent scotland in the eu adopt the euro or keep the pound ? 
  it 's certainly a possibility in the future , depending on how brexit goes - but i do n't think it 'll happen within the next 10 years . 
  i 'm usually very conservative with my predictions , but this one i 'd put money on . . yeah england did well , wales were on form as well . . get your boy hogg to score a few trys , he 's in my fantasy team haha, 
  wan na make a friendly bet ? 
  we can bet in the six nations as well if you want ... 
  which is worrying , as i 'm sure the eu will do everything in it 's power to stop that from happening ... what a wonderful world we live in / s, 
  the thing is , scotland wo n't leave the uk ... 
  there will be another referendum and it will be the same outcome as 2014 . 
  i just see it as a waste of tax payers money , and continues the idea of a neverendum ... 
  it 's a shitty situation for everyone involed , but i guess that 's just the way it is, 
  fuck the politicians man , they can be voted out of power . . to be fair our electoral system gives scotland a disproportionate amount of representations in the commons , on top of the barnett forumla which benefits you guys massively ... bare in mind that 35 % of scots voted to leave the eu , the way people talk on here it 's as if 99 % voted to remain ... 
  it 's not about gathering emotional responses , it 's a valid point . 
  sometimes you 've got ta stick with the people closest to you through the bad times . 
  half my family are scottish , would be so alien to me to have to cross a fucking border to see them, 
  yeah sorry man , was in the middle of doing something at work ... look with regards to the referendum , you guys voted to remain as part of the uk knowing full well there would be a referendum on our continued membership . 
  the thing is , we 're meant to be one country . . 
  through the good times and the bad !, 
  it 's just a bit disheartening seeing scots on reddit who seem more loyal to the eu than the uk , but i know this is n't representative of the scottish population as a whole . 
  england is loyal , but this is n't about individual countries ... 
  this is about the whole of the uk, 
  do n't listen to this dipshits teenage view ... 
  he 's `` embracing scotland '' to try and weaken the position of the rest of the uk ... 
  i guess time will tell where scotlands loyalty lays, 
  a shit game , do n't worry about it ... that 's why is suggested beer drinking , i think we 're on the same kinda level, 
  what about cricket ? 
  ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh football , yeah we call it something different . . must be an island thing . 
  anyway , i knew you were gon na say `` how about a football competition ? '', 
  too predictable man . .
