  nah , that 's the thing . . after this one it really should be another generation before they can start planning another . 
  people need to learn how democracy works , you ca n't just throw your toys out of the pram when you do n't get your own way, 
  that does n't mean they prefer the eu over the uk , it just means that they would rather the entire country stay in the eu as opposed to leave it ... also , 35 % of scots voted to leave . 
  you grossly overstate the scottish connection to the eu . . 
  i think you would be very surprised if you paid a visit to scotland . . 
  very few in the real world give a shit . . 
  the opinions of scottish redditors who frequent this subreddit are massively disconnected to the general populace, 
  everyone knew there was going to be a referendum held on the uk 's continued membership of the eu in 2014 . . like i said , i 'm happy for scotland to have another referendum - absolutely !, 
  they will vote the same way as they did last time , and your wet dream of a split uk will disappear . . 
  it 's good for everyone !, 
  pity it will cost the british taxpayer though, 
  yeah `` you '' think it 's good for scotland to be independent , but that does n't really mean much does it . . 
  the majority of scots do n't agree with you . 
  it really holds no relevance what outsiders think or want , this is down to scotland, 
  i 'm not being a victim , i clearly just said the childish views on here do n't represent the true opinions of the general populace . . you lot immerse yourselves in this false world of / r/europe , in reality most scots really do n't give a fuck about the eu mate . . 
  they would vote to remain a part of it , but the average scot really is n't that bothered ... you should n't take the views of a handful of scottish reddit users and apply it to a whole country . . 
  the scots value the uk much more over the eu , and it will be reflected in the next referendum . . 
  mate it 's down to them whether they want to be part of the uk , they 're not exactly propping up the success of this country . 
  it 's a decision that they have to make , which is costing the taxpayer money . . 
  enough is enough , they need to stick by their decisions . . 
  the people spoke in 2014 , doing it again so soon is just a clear refection of nationalists trying to buldoze their agenda ... 
  yeah you seem to comment on my posts a lot ... you 're a die hard europhile that is struggling to cope with the british decision to leave the eu . . 
  yes ... 
  no , he just downvoted and did n't reply ... because he knew his point had no merit whatsoever . . you 're just constantly butthurt, 
  i guarantee that if we had voted to remain in the eu , there would not have been another referendum 2 years later asking the same question ... 
  that 's not my opinion at all , far from it . . 
  i think the eu is good for many countries , its created growth in countries that were stagnating for decades ... with regards to scotland , would they have to adopt the euro ? 
  because that just would n't fly over here ... 
  the alternative would be to keep the pound and have their interest rates set by their direct competitor ... 
  explain to me how it 's looking out for the scottish people ? 
  the scottish people voted in 2014 to remain as part of the uk , knowing full well there would be a referendum on our membership of the eu . 
  to me it feels like nationalist are trying to bulldoze their agenda onto the rest of the country ... why should the british tax payer have to consistently front the bill ? 
  the outcome will be the same , scotland will stay part of the uk and this whole process will start again ... 
  the neverendum, 
  what ? 
  how does that tweet back up the point that `` the eu was one of the biggest reasons why scotland voted against independence . '' ? 
  edit : answer : it does n't ... 
  if you think the uk is going to burn because we have left the eu then you are brainwashed ... 
  the eu is not some pillar of success at all , you have a failing currency and massive amounts of austerity popping up within the southern regions . 
  the uk is the fifth largest economy on the planet , we will always be prosperous . . you 're burying your head in the sand if you think otherwise, 
  absolutely , i 'm fine with another referendum ... 
  but when they lose for the second time is that it ? 
  or do we have to deal with perpetual whining from nationalists who resent democracy , until they get their way ? 
  people on this sub do n't care about that . . 
  the uk voted to leave the eu so they just want to see the uk burn . . 
  it 's sad really , i 'm just glad that the childish opinions of the average reddit user are n't representative of the general consensus in their respective countries, 
  yeah , economically russia is pretty weak for it 's size . 
  there would be no winners in a conflict like that . . apart from maybe the usa or china, 
  would be a pretty horrific conflict , we would have to draft in a shit load of guys for the military . . russias strength lays in it 's population, 
  not at all man , like i said it 's completely subjective whether you think he 's a moron or not ... 
  personal opinion and all that jazz, 
  come on , do n't you find it a little refreshing when a politician can have a laugh at his own expense ? 
  he 's qualified in his respective field , he just happens to have a funny personality as well, 
  i 'm not saying he 's perfect , far from it ... 
  i 'm simply saying the man is not a moron . . 
  he 's a very intelligent bloke regardless of whether your share his political views or not . . plus the brentmeister general would never have got to the position in the real world , he truely is a moron haha, 
  well obviously i do n't know him , i 'm purely going on what i 've read and seen about him . 
  personally i think he 's quite likable , and he 's very qualified . 
  his academic achievements are pretty impressive , he 's also worked his way up to the position he 's in today . 
  do n't think a fool is capable of doing that, 
  how would that work exactly ? 
  with closer integration of the remaining states , the uk gets sidelined more and more . 
  we 're already not part of the eurozone or schengen - we did n't have much clout in the eu parliament , we 're better off doing out own thing in the long run, 
  definitely not !, 
  just not uncontrollable immigration , why should we be forced to take in known criminals ? 
  it 's simple common sense ... 
  it gives some context to your opinion, 
  you may be right , you may be wrong - that 's the change the people voted for . 
  we can now hold our own government accountable , and elect parties which will actually have the power to deliver on particular issues . 
  the eu holds a lot of power over nation states , this does n't fly well in the uk . 
  we 're quite a proud country , and quite frankly think we will better off governing ourselves . 
  i also do n't think there will be war in europe again - those times are long gone . 
  just look at the history books , we all know how awful war can be . . we 're a much more united continent now ( granted i know we 've just voted to leave the eu , but this is just a political message , not a rejection of solidarity ) i hope it does work out for y' all , i do n't wan na see the eu fail . 
  my ideal scenario would be a strong uk allied with a strong eu , however i know that feeling is n't mutual , 
  what ? 
  there 's no definitive truth here , it 's entirely subjective whether you think he 's a fool or not . 
  you lot hate him because he 's euroskeptic , i 've actually read about the guy and know a bit more about him as a person ... 
  there 's the distinction, 
  hahahaha exactly !!, 
  this is the kind of stuff that makes him more popular , it 's hilarious and just shows he can be a bit of a muppet like the rest of us . 
  people can relate to him , instead of being some boring guy in a suit - he actually has some personality and is likable, 
  nah , it 's a realisation that the eu is looking to federalise and we do n't want to be a part of that . 
  we 've given up more and more power to the eu over the decades and enough is enough . . 
  the uk establishment has always championed the eu ... 
  please send me the source which states that you can deport an eu national if they 're not able to support themselves after three months ... 
  haha says some random kid on reddit ? 
  lucky no one who actually holds any position of power gives a shit what you think, 
  nahhh , i totally see where you 're coming from and i feel like i 'm not putting across my view very well . 
  busy day at work , trying to multi-task as best i can haha . . 
  unity to me is cooperation and friendship , the ability to work closely together to obtain common goals . 
  i think some working class taxpayers do feel slightly resentful when they hear their taxpayers money is being spent on infrastructure in other countries , when they are struggling to support themselves and their families . 
  people just want our money to be spent supporting our own country - pretty much what the vast majority of the world does . 
  we will always be linked to europe , and we will always share common interest and be the closest allies - but we do n't need to be in political union to do this, 
  you did n't , but when you say he acts like a fool i assumed you mean with regards to some of the stuff he 's said ? 
  freedom of movement is a fundamental policy within the eu , having unregulated and uncontrollable immigration from a block of 500m people is having control over immigration - because we have no power to restrict this . 
  with regards to your second point , the ones that stand out to me are the stringent food regulations that were imposed in the last couple of decades , leading to a ridiculous amount of waste and less diversity . 
  i 'm at work , so you 'd have to wait if you would prefer a more in depth response - more than happy to discuss this , there 's plenty of ammo . 
  your final point comes across slightly disingenuous , of course there 's not a `` uk fund '' which goes directly to these projects , but when your own roads at home are fucking awful and your taxpayers money is going towards financing infrastructure in other countries it seems slightly odd . 
  i guess being a net contributor can create more resentment then a country which benefits massively from being part of the eu . . where are you from out of interest ? 
  because he says things that are slightly provocative which trigger super sensitive people ?
