does it really need to be legislated though ? 
  i hate you guys ... i want some :(, 
  do you want a revolution ? 
  because that 's how you get a revolution . 
  even as a small business , i try and make it look like a break even or loss . 
  that means i 'm reinvesting profits back into the business . 
  what are you guys doing over there ? 
  46 % is pretty disappointing . 
  yeah i suppose . 
  sure . 
  i grew up on a farm . 
  i was damn good with a rifle or back in the day . 
  used a .22 as a daily rodent ender and an sks for stuff at range . 
  shotguns to eat some pheasant . 
  i just personally have no interest . 
  about the same . 
  interesting . 
  most people here that are buying legally do n't buy guns for defense either . 
  most are for hunting . 
  some people just collect them for shits and grins . 
  i think my dad has 12 or so . 
  i personally never understood the draw of owning multiple guns but to each their own . 
  they are ? 
  you can buy a shotgun here at walmart for $ 350 . 
  how much is a shotgun there ? 
  most of mine are made from tantalum . 
  probably why it 's on there . 
  ahh i was wondering where i get all my tantalum . 
  we 're making our own here in ever increasing amounts . 
  that being said , they just laid a bunch of pipe fitters off up north because of the low prices . 
  so if i 'm reading this right , a group of guys get together with the sole intention of harassing women just for fun ? 
  of course they do . 
  it 's not like we live on a prairie or something . 
  it does . 
  they like their jesus out here still . 
  iowa . 
  the jesus is strong here in the western part of the state . 
  sounds like we 're not jesusing enough . 
  man i miss cigarette vending machines . 
  have n't seen one in decades . 
  we have them in truck stop ( lorry petrol stations ? ), 
  bathrooms . 
  that 's about it . 
  usually they are full of expired novelty condoms . 
  our representatives say we should use jesus to prevent teen pregnancies . 
  ( it does n't work ), 
  you guys have condom vending machines just chilling on street corners ? 
  in the us , all roads lead to st louis apparently . 
  which is n't ideal . 
  ehh careful with that . 
  we went down that path ... it 's expensive . 
  depends on the air temp , how healthy they are , and the wind speed . 
  aka : a picture, 
  american in a bubble here . 
  can someone give us a tl ; dr/eli5 ? 
  our cars historically just do n't turn . 
  the run a straight like like a rapped ape though . 
  even if you 're not a good driver , everything is a rally car . 
  until you get to the first turn anyway . 
  i think that 's the main difference . 
  our plates do n't travel with the car . 
  when we sell it , we remove them and either recycle them or turn them back in for a pro rated credit . 
  idk how it works over in your guy 's neck of the woods but in the us you ca n't look up license plates unless you are an officer with ncic credentials . 
  it 's all very audited and very regulated . 
  or maybe people can wear what they want ? 
  just my opinion . 
  edit : you guys are nuts . 
  people should have the freedom to wear whatever the fuck they want . 
  hopefully this fear does n't spread over here this bad . 
  sounds like envy to me . 
  ca n't hear you over the sounds of our pop culture , movies , and technology innovations . 
  if i was from somalia , i would n't be on reddit commenting about circumcision . 
  i 'd be looking for a way out of somalia . 
  personally , i could n't give less of a shit . 
  shit if you guys need a place to business , come over here . 
  we have plenty of room . 
  what a mess . 
  what 's the advantage of moving operations to berlin ? 
  would n't it make more sense to figure out if the move is actually going to affect your bottom line first ? 
  come over here !, 
  we go plenty of room . 
  i know you burned down our white house , but we got no beef now . 
  idk how that type of polling could ever be legitimate in the us . 
  your obviously going to get different answers based on different regions of the country . 
  in the south , people might say 33 % , but up here in the upper midwest , i 'd put it at 3 % if i were asked . 
  if that . 
  personally in my city , if i were asked what % of the nation are indian , i 'd put it at 10 % which is way high i assume . 
  are the majority of workers unionized over there in france ? 
  crazy nordics . 
  death metal and rally driving . 
  lucky bastards . 
  wait until they start regulating soda and fatty foods . 
  us former smokers and current smokers will sit back huffing on our o2 bottles saying , `` i told you so . '', 
  good idea . 
  maybe i 'm skeptical , but i ca n't imagine the general public actually does that . 
  i know ours does n't ... 
  it does seem like a silly way to do it . 
  how could you possibly be informed on every candidate running ? 
  a lot easier when everything is so close together . 
  my mom says i 'm important .
