  so soldiers nowadays prance around in fancy equipment , climbing 5 foot walls to simulate war ; they even recorded it to show off to the plebs later . 
  i too was disqualified from the marines for a [ tattoo ] ( http://galeri7.uludagsozluk.com/243/d%c3%b6vme_433929.jpg ) . 
  a gladius would never jam . 
  and romans, 
  not even a roman could survive such a battle ... 
  my friend had his left arm chopped because of an unfortunate gladius training session and he has to prove to the spqr every year that his arm has n't magically grown back . 
  the red weenie is still fucking him . 
  grab a good blade and you will either earn glory or join mars . 
   i had a girlfriend , and we stole something together . 
  back in my day we would [ beat you to death with clubs ] ( http://imgur.com/3vukviu ) if you were caught stealing . 
   i want the military life . 
  in fact , i want it 10000x more than i ever wanted it, 
  the auxilia is open to all so give em a try . 
  [ somewhere in dacia ] ( http://www.nationalgeographic.com/trajan-column/img/article/img5_2048.jpg ), 
  the greeks , bunch of pansies . 
  what kind of soldiers get captured by persians ? 
  i need advice whether or not i should switch from a gladius to a spatha so please bring back weapons wednesday . 
  gauls killed my family so i guess i did n't have to worry about that . 
  parthians are persian, 
  is marching 20 miles a day seriously too much to ask ? 
  they do n't make legions like they used to , now our armies are full of plebs that make even the gauls look good . 
  reserve warehouse ? 
  by jupiter legionaries are a bunch of whiners these days . 
  you plebs got issues some of the finest armour available and yet are unsatisfied ? 
  look at the poor bastards behind you , they did n't even get a simple gladius and will have to use long sticks to fight . 
  i did n't get my own lorica segmentata until my twentieth year in the legion and now i find out they hand them out to plebs for militia duty ? 
  pathetic !, 
  the persians have a long history of abusing prisoners . 
  after the battle of carrhae they forced 10,000 captured romans to fight in the far east until they all died in battle ... persian treachery knows no bounds , they even made emperor valerian a foot stool after the battle of edessa . 
  germans won ? 
  i never thought i 'd see another germanic invasion ... 
  while your politicians polish their spears , the germans continue to build their military . 
  make no mistake , the germans are not to be trusted and as we speak they are preparing to flood across the danube and finally capture western europe . 
  the foolish plebs will call you germanicphobes and claim all races have barbarians but they must be ignored , germans must be destroyed , there is no other option . 
  of course , no one remembers the cimbrian war ( 113 -- 101 bc ) or the fact that we fought a massive german invasion of gaul by ariovistus during the gallic wars . 
  kids these days do n't know their own history . 
  are they not giving out farmland anymore ? 
  pussies, 
  romans, 
   the italian military has never really had the best reputation . 
  you know nothing, 
  try having to live with using communal sponges for wiping . 
  and liberating gaul from the gauls and germans, 
  has the senate gone mad ? 
  no woman could stand up to a gaul let alone a greek in the field of battle . 
  ever seen hbo rome ? 
  the way they portray legionaries is disgusting . 
  [ america is just a continuation of the rome ] ( http://imgur.com/nql1lqf ), 
  he killed only three and took no slaves ? 
  its soldiers like him that made me quit the legion , they would always kill potential slaves and at the end of the battle we 'd have to split the loot equally because legionary cunt could n't be bothered to capture a few persians . 
  one of the plebs even claimed to have made centurion in only 10 years . 
  back in alesia , the barbs got a hold of an onager and managed to destroy an entire cohort in one shot . 
  farm, 
  he 's probably the bald phoney drinking the plebsi . 
  i 'm not familiar with that legion ? 
  it 's a tribute to legio iii gallica . 
  what is a legionnaire ? 
  coming to the end of your 25 years of service ? 
  then why are you `` taking a break '' pleb ? 
  are you a soldier or are you a greek ? 
  the parthians are getting bold , attempting to capture slaves in britainia is a sure sign of an impending invasion . 
  he was attached to egyptians ? 
  i 'm assuming this capturing of `` pokemon '' refers to hunting runaway slaves ? 
  may i suggest you go `` pokemoning '' in greece as the locals are cowardly and will be easy to manage . 
  i 've been hearing the slogan `` got ta catch them all '' lately and i 'm concerned that if you do catch all the greeks you would flood the market with too many slaves , making honest soldiers like me gain nothing from our exploits in gaul . 
  if followers or slaves are getting wounded on mass then something terribly wrong has happened and we ca n't afford to waste good offerings to the gods on slaves or women . 
  if only a couple are sick or wounded then the way i see it is the weak are being culled . 
  we have n't supplied our own gear since the marian reforms . 
  sacrifice a pure white bull to gain the favor of mars . 
  yeah , some of the guys wear white tunics instead of red and it 's really not a big deal . 
  the problem is the red wheenie seems to think a little variation would ruin discipline despite these same plebs allowing germananic agricultural migrants into our empire . 
  `` germans will integrate into society '' they say `` you 're just a germanphobe '' `` 90 % of all germanic invasions are against other germans '' . 
  open borders will ruin this empire unless we act now . 
  `` free gallic slave on sign up '' would be a better offer imo . 
  you know how many horses you could have bought with that much steel ? 
  budget cuts my ass , you just do n't know how to barter . 
  where do you think this is pleb ? 
  the fucking arena ? 
  there 's already enough marines to fill this subs pleb population without you spreading your philosophy . 
  do n't forget a good ol decimation . 
  advantages : good against fighting greeks . 
  disadvantages : can do nothing else as well . 
  is there anyway to factor in my income from looting and my land parcel given to me after retirement ? 
  the retiarius they fought must be really skilled . 
  i wanted my retirement land to be in italy but i got it in dacia , some grade a shitty farmland . 
  to make matters worse the germans occasionally enjoy a good raid . 
  when does the chariot racing start ? 
  it does matter you pleb . 
  i 'm not sure you understand , given that you 're serving in the auxiliary forces of the dirty gauls but i can assure you in civilized society family and military service matters . 
   legion, 
  take that out of your flair , stop trying to steal valour from the real legion you filthy gaul . 
  low born plebs are n't allowed into the senate . 
  [ quite a while actually ] ( http://getasword.com/5005-thickbox_default/roman-brass-belt-ah3868.jpg ) . 
  as far as i 'm aware the belts are supposed to make us visible to horseman but in gaul there are worse things to worry about . 
  probably the idea of some cowardly greek officer who 's never even left the forum . 
  definitely the praetorian guard . 
  getting paid to sit around and occasionally lynch some pleb emperor would be a dream job . 
  that land belongs to the people of rome . 
  sounds like someone got plebzoned, 
  you guys got raided and did n't even put up a fight ... you 'll be lucky if a decimation is n't called for .
