ave , spent most of my days on the gallic frontier and do you know what we used for toilet paper ? 
  those barbaric seubi germans after we showed them what a proper bunch a soldiers are . 
  pathetic !, 
  a knife ? 
  is that what they make you gaul loving germanic barbarians use ? 
  and a veteran ? 
  i bet he has n't even completed basic gladius training , let alone his iixv training . 
  lieu ... ten ... ant is that what they call centurions these days ? 
  ever since octavian started allowing non latins into the army we get these lousy changes . 
  joined the legion at age 16 and retired as an evacati at age 60 . 
  bring me these `` millennials '' and i 'll give em a nice decimation ; that outa raise moral . 
  grenade ? 
  another one of those feminine greek inventions i suppose . 
  a real soldier carries nothing but his armour , shield and gladius into battle . 
  back when the equites were giving us legionaries trouble we decided to play a prank . 
  we knocked one of em out while he was on sentry duty and told the centurion he was sleeping while on watch . 
  our centurion ordered him to be executed for violating roman military code . 
  you should of seen the look on his face !, 
  never mess with the legionary mafia, 
  real soldiers do n't hide behind walls like greeks but fight with steel and blood . 
  what a disgrace that soldiers today do n't even know how to handle a gladius let alone a shield . 
  you 're not even a roman , the last romans died in 180 . 
  looking for my friend aurelius romulus flavian , he served in legio xii hispania and was a cyrenic archer . 
  romans would piss on [ marines ] ( https://qph.is.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-c52ef43d1ede08112eea3eea2e300b58?convert_to_webp=true ), 
  where 's the gladius training ? 
  now i know you `` soldiers '' are n't fighting dirty persians anymore and instead just insurgents but here 's a story for ya . 
  back when i was a baby legionary and i volunteered for the war against the lusitanians in iberia we ran into the same issues with insurgents but it was n't our fancy uniforms or state of the art javelins that won us the war , it was our gladius combined with our training . 
  point is you do n't need these fancy `` gun-things '' but rather a gladius with a sharp edge . 
  neither the marines nor the army can compete with the legions of rome . 
  i ai n't a french foreign legionnaire but a legionary . 
  bah , real romans existed only up until commodus . 
  [ your tanks mean nothing ] ( http://i.imgur.com/bbytkli.jpg ), 
  in the legion only the strongest are allowed and they are male . 
  do you think the gauls or germans would show mercy , i know they would n't because i faced them at the battle of the sabis and later at alesia . 
  well since i have to carry everything on my back i carry my armour , helmet , shield , pilum , gladius , sandals , tunic , scarf for starters then i carry my marble bust of augustus , dice , dagger , denarius for spending , my food , my captured gallic helmet , my sleeping kit and my parchment and quill with ink . 
  i am a follower of mithraism . 
  hah artillery men , buncha plebs who joined the the army as romans but hide like cowardly greeks away from the fighting . 
  what are you ? 
  soldiers or plebs ? 
  the last time an artillery pleb crossed me he go a scorpion bolt up his arse though to his credit he probably enjoyed it . 
  `` the world if full of amateurs '' add amateur spellers to that list . 
  does it work on sword wounds ? 
  i find a gladius is a little hard to hide so usually i carry a dagger . 
  he 's clearly not the sharpest gladius in the sheath . 
  germans ... . barbaric savages that i fought and expelled from gaul and now we train them how to fight ? 
  one day when the germanic tribes raze your cities then and only then will you realize what germans are ... 
  long live augustus , true father of roma !, 
  forgetting our sacrifice already ? 
  the suebi which were a germanic tribe were hired by the audeli as mercenaries . 
  when the germans crossed the rhine they refused to leave and we had to eject them . 
  they said the same thing about germans even after the september 9th teutoburg forest attacks `` not all germans are barbarians '' . 
  we started to let them in as refugees during the hunnic war and they took our land and killed our people . 
  well i 'm sick and tired of it and will vote for donaldis trumpiis in the next election because he will send those germans back over the rhine . 
  veteran of the gallic wars here for an ama, 
  do you seriously believe not all germans are barbarians ? 
  were they decimated afterwards ? 
  look kid , they are always looking for young men to replace causialties on the gallic front . 
  chances are the recruiter saw some weak and destitute boy stocking shelves and wanted to see if you were interested in the glory of battle and an honourable death . 
  also you do n't sound like legionary material and would probably be put into the skirmisher corps as a javelinman . 
  look , i loved my time in gaul with all the battles and killing barbarians but sometimes i just feel unappreciated . 
  the punic war vets got treated like emperors after they came back from africa but we gallic war vets get called hurtful names like `` germans '' or `` greeks '' by pretentious civilians who 's only experiance with war is watching the games on friday at the colosseum . 
  even after the september 9th teutoburg forest attacks civilians still think we are monsters . 
  `` not all germans are barbarians '' they say and if you disagree they call you a germanicphobe and shun you . 
  anyways enough ranting about my life after the gallic wars . 
  to answer your question , i would have loved to have fought in the pyrrhic wars and gotten to show those pathetic womanly greeks that despite how fancy they talk with all their rhetoric and philosophies a true soldier uses a gladius to fight , not diplomacy . 
  20 + men with axes ? 
  were they all handicapped by any chance ? 
  `` 10 kilos more than a roman centurion on the march '', 
  as an actual centurian i 'm wondering why they used a picture of a simple legionary ? 
  rome total war 2, 
  during the reign of hadrien they forced us to build a wall in northern england to keep the caledonians out , while wearing full fucking kit . 
  i swear to mars even the centurions found it ridiculous to have to wear lorica segmentata while digging ditches . 
  still fighting the seleucid 's ? 
  i am not surprised , greeks may be pathetic woman-like cowards but damn they breed like barbarians . 
  i practice in [ full kit ] ( http://www.primaryhomeworkhelp.co.uk/romans/images/soldiers/more/arrmour.jpg ), 
  i never fought in dacia, 
  british ... once barbarians , always barbarians . 
   as in barbarians could n't even think of something so simple as `` distract a roman soldier while my friends behead him from behind '' ? 
  ever heard of the battle of teutoburg forest ? 
  holy fuck you pleb !, 
  i fought in the battle of alesia and from two sides the barbarians attacked , two !, 
  were not greeks , we can discuss unpleasant topics without wetting our tunics . 
  we found the same thing about woman in the legion . 
  during raids across the danube they could n't keep up with us and when we pointed it out they complained we had `` latin privilege '' . 
  ffs now they are now complaining about the gender gap and how woman are paid 2 sestertii for every denarius a male makes . 
  have you thought about the roman legion ? 
  barbarians, 
  as a roman i have to share a communal sponge to wipe so do n't even complain . 
  i 've stabbed people if that 's what you are looking for ? 
   only when you melee, 
  not even when you melee, 
  i know what you mean , scuffs are hard to get out of my [ sandals ] ( http://primaryfacts.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/03/roman-sandal.jpg ) too . 
  i remember when the history channel covered the romans ... 
  i prefer red . 
  you were n't in the roman legion , i 'd know . 
  you have a problem with the legion pleb ? 
  fuck the va , they do n't recognize veterans of the war in gaul . 
  what type of fort is that ? 
  the walls are only a few feet high and no one is defending them ? 
  during the siege of carthage we needed ladders at least 50 feet in height and we actually got into a scrap at the top .
