we 're paying the first half , the second half will come in the form of reduced rebates . 
  not fantastic news for the uk , but it takes some pressure off . 
  * damn . 
  * we 're slipping behind . 
  very true , however whichever might be philosophically better there is no doubt that our * current * constitutional government is run via representative democracy . 
  attempting to subvert parliament is less to do with constitutional reform and everything to do with passing an act theresa may does n't want challenged . 
  it 's unlikely that they 'd outright stop it , but now they 've been given leverage to start making demands for the exact nature of the government 's negotiating position before it goes through , including the actual date for when we trigger article 50 ( which is a huge victory for democracy in my opinion , they * are * our elected representatives ) . 
  i was actually thinking more on the lines of tabloid newspaper headlines rather than brexit voters , but i see how that was n't made clear in my comment . 
  i disagree with a few of your points , but i 'm not really up for getting into a long debate , except for the nhs thing . 
  ** `` we send the eu # 350 million a week . 
  let 's fund our nhs instead . 
  vote leave . '' ** really ? 
  you 're saying that was supposed to be given as an example and was n't even a little bit disingenuous ? 
  lazy immigrants taking our jobs and claiming unemployment benefits , the eu being a bureaucratic nightmare filled with red-tape yet controlling our laws and sovereignty , and the nhs which is a bloated burden on our taxes and should also be given another # 350m a week . 
  no no you see , it 's all very simple . 
  our government is simply holding a secret meeting away from the prying eyes of the government to decide what our negotiation strategy will be , they 're going to negotiate a ` hard brexit ' strategy and retain access into the common market thus making it one of the best soft brexit strategies possible . 
  but despite this announcement we should all remember the above is secret and so please do n't share this information with anyone . 
  it 's necessary to limit immigration , as demanded by the * overwhelming * percentage of the 51 % of leave voters of the 72 % of eligible voters of the single referendum that was held . 
  this will be great news for all the current european residents , who will all be given continued residency in the uk while we kick them out . 
  then both the uk and eu have missed out on opportunities because feelings were hurt . 
  eu citizens can go ahead and resent the british , but governments need to be run dispassionately because the only thing that counts is your currency remaining strong and order kept in the streets . 
  taking those arrogant brits down a peg or two is no way to prioritise your own country 's prosperity . 
  all that sounds fair , so long as the uk is n't treated worse than any non-member . 
  is the european union a trading bloc that improves the lives of its members by setting up the best deals possible for itself , or is it a tyrant who will gladly sabotage its own interests in exchange for punishing traitors and deserters ? 
  it has the right to be either of the above , but which would you rather belong to ? 
  as a disclaimer , i voted remain because i believe the eu is very different from the vision you described . 
  racist attacks do n't stop after brexit vote . 
  hell of an unlikely coincidence . 
  so what , are we in agreement now ? 
  it does n't make sense at all , but i 'm using your argument of painting remain voters with the same brush to defend a ridiculous statement . 
  why do you assume i voted leave ? 
  because i 'm not joining in with the rhetoric in this thread ? 
  i voted remain . 
  i took his argument to defend an absurd statement . 
  you 're right to call it mental gymnastics , there 's a lot of it in this thread . 
  well to be fair , you guys voted for it too . 
  so do n't you think it 's a little hypocritical ? 
  by ` you guys ' i mean you as a human race , of which a percentage voted for brexit . 
  not you personally . 
  if it 's `` not you personally '' then why is everyone speaking to / u/radio53 and not addressing their comments to the `` majority of voters '' instead ? 
  because they * are * speaking to him directly , and whenever he replies everyone suddenly acts like he 's taking this all personally . 
  so he has to take all the responsibility of `` you people '' but is n't allowed to respond ? 
  come on . 
  i think germans get a bit antsy around nationalistic tendencies for some reason . 
  he 's an mep , he already * is . 
  from the perspective of anti-eu campaigners from non-british countries , why would n't they wait and see what happens to a country when it leaves ? 
  if the uk does fantastically and regains its grorious nippon empire then by all means go for it , but in the unlikely possibility of that not happening then you 'd save face by not campaigning for it today ? 
  i 've learned how to say `` suck my dick '' and `` cunt '' , are there any other words you guys use on a day to day basis ? 
  the problem is that even if someone sat down for days and fully researched britains economic and legislative history since joining the eu , their vote would still count exactly as much as some racist bloke in kent who ticked whichever box had the most common sense \u2122 . 
  i was n't qualified when i cast my vote in the referendum , the vast majority of brits on this website were n't qualified , but luckily we have a huge infrastructure of elected representatives each with their own team of advisors who can spend all their time deciding whether or not england 's membership in the eu is beneficial or not . 
  maybe a vote like `` should england reinstate the death penalty '' would be perfectly answerable by the man in the pub , because it 's purely a question of ethics which does n't require any research , but for brexit i do n't think there should have been a referendum . 
  but of course i 'm highly biased , who knows whether i 'd say that if my side won . 
  the democratic majority want to close the borders to foreigners . 
  the government is in charge of making sure the country does n't go to shit , which includes not leaving the common market . 
  the government is also required to leave the eu . 
  it 's not that the uk does n't know what it wants , it 's that the democratic majority want fewer foreigners and the government wants to not fuck up the country , and they seem to be mutually exclusive . 
  i just winced ... * usually * in situations like this you might cheer for unification , but in ireland 's case it 'd probably piss both sides off and reopen old wounds . 
  let the sleeping dog lie . 
  to be fair , all a savvy politician needed to do in the wake of brexit was hand boris johnson a microphone and let him talk for half an hour . 
   it will make the whole northern ireland problem a lot easier for everybody the ` northern ireland problem ' is older than the european union itself , and do n't make the mistake of lumping them together with brits . 
  it 'd be like kicking out greece because turkey 's being a bit testy and the two of them are basically the same country right ? 
  i felt the series got really weird round about the time they replaced moomin papa 's ( english ) voice actor . 
  they started meeting aliens and snorkmaiden got pyschic powers after being struck by lightning , really weird stuff that did n't fit with the overall tone of the series . 
  * and we never got to see the snork finish his airplane that was a 50 episode hype ffs . 
  [ fuck yeah ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tama_\\ ( cat \\ ) ), 
  ben , j' ai plus confiance au chat de raconter les nouvels de brexit sans mentir . 
  [ an article mentioning britain is posted to / r/europe ] ( http://i.imgur.com/d6q3umu.gif ), 
  that 's an article about the uk successfully cutting off a terrorist from a stream of financial aid from his parents , and then prosecuting them for it . 
  did you intend for that link to be interpreted differently ? 
  thanks , edited my comment . 
   a hard brexit is the only brexit that makes any sense to the brexiteers because remaining in the single market would limit the uk 's ability to do trade deal with the rest of the world . 
  the problem is we would not be an attractive partner to the rest of the world without single market access . 
  we are not a powerhouse like china , we have very few manufactured goods to export . 
  what we * do * have is a lot of white collar workers in financial services , but without access to the single market that capacity is greatly compromised . 
   if it does come to a soft brexit , the brexiteers will say : `` our plans for a prosperous britain outside the eu did n't work out because we are limited by single market regulations to do trade deals with the rest of the world . '', 
  and the pro-remainers will say that we 're not prosperous due to the pro-brexit campaign 's injury to the uk 's global financial power . 
  the referendum was not decisive enough to demand complete satisfaction to the most hardline of brexit campaigners , who make up only a percentage of the 50 % who campaigned for * some sort * of brexit . 
   soft brexit will not resolve the uk 's internal divisions , it will cement them into all eternity . 
  i would argue that a failed hard brexit will only increase divisions , with remainers accusing brexiters of sabotaging the country and brexiters casting the weight of the failure onto the traitorous remainer camp . 
  a hard brexit would actually mean a monumental amount of trade deals would need to be defined , which would need to be assured beforehand . 
  the problem is that these deals can take upwards of ten years to guarantee , which is time we do n't have . 
  a soft brexit is relatively quick to establish , and the negotiations can pretty much be settled as ` nothing will change except the uk will lose its seat in the european parliament ' . 
  compounding this fact is scotland threatening to leave the uk if it loses access to the single market . 
  some industries would certainly benefit , but not the ones which currently drive our economy . 
  financial services make up [ 10 % of our gdp , ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/business/economics-blog/2014/apr/24/uk-economy-seven-things-need-to-know-ons-g7 ) whereas fishing only [ contributes 0.07 % ] ( http://www.mseproject.net/data-sources/doc_download/122-8-fishing-and-uk-gdp ), 
  ah okay , it looks like i took your comment a little too closely to heart . 
  i 'll admit that this is a very emotional issue to me , i recently emigrated to france and the loss of freedom of movement will affect me on a very personal level . 
  that 's inflammatory . 
  the eu will carry on just fine without the uk but it 's loss will not be a breath of fresh air . 
  the departure of the uk will cause the eu a net loss of [ 12.6 % of its budget ] ( https://www.statista.com/statistics/316691/european-union-eu-budget-share-of-contributions/ ) that has to be made up for by other countries . 
  this is bad news for both sides , and the ` perfidious albion ' narrative plaguing this sub is a symptom of the growing emotional jingoism that was equally present in the uk when we voted against our own best interests . 
  actually i think only a soft brexit can gain unilateral support . 
  a soft brexit would leave britain in a worse position ; we would still have to pay eu taxes , keep our borders open , and yet lose any say in eu political decisions . 
  so if we have nothing to gain and a lot to lose , why is it still more likely ? 
  because as a financial services exporter and america 's gateway into the common market , we can not afford to lose single market access . 
  in this scenario , everyone is unhappy , which makes it an interesting cross section of political compromise . 
  we 'd still be able to say we respected democracy and ` left ' the eu , yet still secure continued economic stability . 
  the problem with a hard brexit is that it does n't offer any attractive economic viability , but still it * has * to be executed unless the uk parliament intends to say it will ignore the democratic mandate . 
  therefore it 's necessary to do the bare minimum required to fulfill that mandate . 
  but what * kind * of brexit ?
