hungarian is not a slavic language , it 's finno-ugric . 
  i tried it for a few weeks when i was 6 or 7 , but the other kids showed no interest in actually learning the football rules and as a result it was just 20 children fighting over a ball . 
  i had no interest in that and quit . 
  i always enjoyed casually playing football with some friends , but did n't try to join a team again . 
  here in northern germany it 's handball . 
  taler were also real silver coins that were used in the hre from the 16th century onwards . 
  national democratic party of germany ( npd ) . 
  the `` democratic '' is only in their name because they thought it might fool people into believing they 're not literally hitler in terms of ideology . 
  there was an attempt to get them banned last year , but our constitutional court ruled that even though they were hostile to our constitutional order , they were n't relevant enough to pose a threat to our democracy . 
  norbert lammert , he 's the head of the federal parliament here . 
  i have a lot of respect for him because he always defends parliamentary democracy , sometimes against the government led by his own party . 
  for example , he criticized the lack of parliamentary debate on the loans for greece . 
  also , during our last presidential elections ( the president in germany is elected by what is essentially a combination of our federal and state parliaments , and has mostly representative tasks , the real power lies with the parliament ) , he held an opening speech criticizing the anti-democratic tendencies across the west and defending european unification . 
  i also somewhat respect merkel . 
  even if she sometimes has outdated political positions ( gay marriage for example ) , i appreciate her pragmatic approach and her ability to learn and adapt . 
  germany and france have the most influence in the parliament , but that being said , compared to their population , small countries are actually overrepresented . 
  and in the commission , all countries are equally represented . 
  and in the council of the eu , decisions have to be approved by 55 % of member states representing 65 % of the population . 
  while france and germany are the most powerful countries in the eu , they are less powerful than in a purely representative system . 
  thomas de maiziere , our minister of the interior . 
  he is famous for sentences like `` the answer to this question could disconcert the people . '', 
  ( the question was something terrorism-related ) . 
  another time he was caught making up statistics about doctors preventing the deportation of rejected asylum seekers . 
  we still use them . 
  making fun of nazis is accepted , making fun of their victims is absolutely not considered ok . 
  i do n't , but there 's a popular kind of weirdo school ( waldorfschule ) here where it is often taught as history . 
  yeah , they 're definitely back . 
  when i was a child mostly old men were wearing beards , but now they 're quite popular among young people . 
  what did you expect from a non-existing city ? 
  r/europe is a bit weird . 
  one day the racists are downvoted into oblivion , and the next day they 're almost taking over the entire sub . 
  during the last few weeks it seems to have shifted to the right once more . 
  [ a land of muslim rooskies with oil ... ] ( http://i.imgur.com/m2bdw3s.png ), 
  i do n't want to kick anyone out , but hungary need to make their mind up . 
  on the one hand they 're one of the main net receivers of eu funds , but on the other hand orban continues to blame the eu for everything that 's wrong ( real or imagined ) in an absurd manner . 
  but i think other measures would be more appropriate , a country should only be kicked out if everything else fails , and only when things have deteriorated to an extent where a country no longer complies with the fundamentals of the eu ( for example if an eu country ends up like turkey under erdogan ) . 
  explanation for non german speakers : `` rein '' means in , and is pronounced exactly like the river , while `` raus '' means out . 
  they consider germany still an occupied country and consider the borders of the reich either the ones from 1937 or from 1914 . 
  there are a few ten thousand of them . 
  they believe that the federal republic of germany is just a company set up by the allies and that the german reich still exists . 
  they frequently create their own parallel governments , but it 's a very fractured group so none of these really holds much authority even within the scene . 
  we have die partei , who have one mep . 
  yes , there are good friday , easter ( sunday and monday ) , ascension , pentecost ( sunday and monday ) , christmas eve , christmas day and boxing day ( which is known as second christmas day here ) . 
  there are a few more which are only public holidays in some of the states . 
  bismarck wanted to ensure the stability of his new empire . 
  so he decided to ban socialist parties but at the same time gave in to some of their moderate demands in order to reduce their appeal . 
  no , there should n't . 
  terrorism has killed about 150 people in the eu last year . 
  car accidents have killed 25,000 in the eu . 
  terrorist attacks are horrible and each one is one too much , but when you put things in perspective , it 's a negligible threat compared to everyday hazards we encounter all the time . 
  both data and theory strongly suggest that the increase of greenhouse gases is the cause of the currently observed global warming . 
  the increase in greenhouse gases is largely caused by human activity like industry , generation of electricity , transport and farming . 
  data shows the earth is warming up , and it shows a strong correlation with the emission of co2 , methane and other greenhouse gases . 
  furthermore , it is well-explained by which mechanism these gases contribute to global warming . 
  finally , we know that the rapid increase in the concentration of these gases is largely anthropogenic . 
  hence , there is no serious reason to doubt anthropogenic climate change . 
  the only open questions are the extent of the climate change resulting from the increased concentration of greenhouse gases , and its impact on the ecosystem and humankind . 
  i think that europe as a federation is desirable , but it has to be done right . 
  if the european union institutions receive more power , they need to become more democratic . 
  most significantly , the european parliament needs to receive more powers to provide a more effective balance to the commission . 
  i do n't think a centralized europe would be a good idea , but no one is proposing that anyway . 
  the extreme left is basically non-existent . 
  the marxist-leninist party received 25,000 votes at the last federal election , the trotskyists got 5,000 . 
  together that 's less than 0.1 % of votes . 
  there is die linke ( the left ) , which received 8 % of votes and currently polls around 9 % . 
  they can be considered far left in their economic proposals , but they adhere to democratic principles . 
  the moderate left , consisting of social democrats ( spd ) and greens ( b\u00fcndnis 90/die gr\u00fcnen ) received 34 % in 2013 . 
  thanks to schulz , the spd has gained a lot in polls recently , so the moderate left is now at around 40 % in polls . 
  our moderate right is n't called that way , because `` right '' is still associated with the far-right . 
  instead , cdu/csu and fdp are often called `` b\u00fcrgerlich '' or `` conservative '' . 
  cdu/csu are your standard centre-right party , economically liberal and socially conservative . 
  the cdu is more centrist than the bavarian csu . 
  fdp ( liberal party ) is not what americans call liberal , but closer to libertarians . 
  the fdp received 4.8 % in the last federal election , but have recovered to 6 % and are likely to re-enter the bundestag this year . 
  the cdu/csu are still the largest party in germany , but the resurgent spd is now close in polls . 
  our far-right is split into the afd , who are right-wing populists comparable to trump and hardline neo-nazi splinter parties like the npd ( national party ) , die rechte ( the right ) or pro deutschland . 
  the afd mostly rejects cooperation with those parties despite ideological similarities in order to maintain a more moderate image . 
  the afd failed to enter the bundestag in 2013 with just 4.7 % of votes , but with 8-10 % in current polls they are likely to get seats this year . 
  the neo-nazi parties have been rendered obsolete by the rise of the afd and receive around 1 % of the votes . 
  g\u00fcnther oettinger is germany 's member of the european commission and he 's a walking ( and talking ) embarrassment . 
  first , he 's known for his bad english : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=f9chydy2quk or a more recent example : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b9g6txr110c then , he 's been involved in several controversies over the years : when he was still minister president of baden-w\u00fcrttemberg , he held an eulogy for his predecessor filbinger , who had been a judge during the nazi regime and not only glossed over that part of filbinger 's life , but went as far as calling him an opponent of the nazi regime , which simply was n't true . 
  recently , he also jokingly made some derogatory remarks about china , calling the chinese `` sly and slit-eyed '' . 
  they 're also anti-eu and in favour of enforcing traditional gender roles . 
  many afd politicians also deny man-made climate change , and the party wants to repeal all laws for climate protection . 
  while some party leaders have reluctantly tried to crack down on open displays of anti-semitism and neo-nazism , the party base has shown to tolerate such views within the afd . 
  neo-nazis are gaining strength within the afd , with bj\u00f6rn h\u00f6cke , thuringia 's afd leader being the most prominent example . 
  no , it 's not . 
  america did n't create isis , and they 've been fighting them and their predecessors for over a decade . 
  their erratic policy has contributed to an environment that allowed isis to thrive , but that does n't mean they created or supported them in any way . 
  the main german parties are : cdu/csu ( christian democratic union , christian social union ) - centre-right . 
  cdu is running in all states except bavaria , csu only in bavaria . 
  they run together on a federal level . 
  both are centre-right , but csu is significantly more conservative than cdu . 
  spd ( social democratic party of germany ) - social democrats , centre-left die gr\u00fcnen ( the greens ) - centre-left with a focus on environment politics . 
  slightly more left than spd on social issues . 
  die linke ( the left ) - left-wing populists , in parts far left . 
  fdp ( free democratic party ) - neo-liberal ; conservative on economics but more liberal on social issues than cdu/csu . 
  afd ( alternative for germany ) - far-right , populist, 
  no , it 's not . 
  it 's reporting every crime in which the perpetrator is in any way indicated to be not of german ethnicity .
