  now there are 332.486 of them !, 
  [ cgp grey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsxme8h6iyc ) explains it rather well . 
  well , how did you become king then ? 
  that would be a correct analogy if anarchists ' ultimate goal were the abolishment of smart phones . 
  other brands of phones are a product of capitalism as well , the fact that it 's an iphone does n't change anything . 
  you just misspelled `` the one true king '' . 
   firstly , half of what you have mentioned is less relevant to eastern europe , and the colonialism aspect is completely absent . 
  i agree , but if you 're pushing for european integration and all that , the burden should be shared too , no ? 
  though obviously , what i 've said has nothing to do with countries like serbia , since it 's not in eu . 
   secondly , it would still be a suicidal move , and therefore the crime is irrelevant because the `` punishment '' is inconceivable . 
  i do n't propose taking africans in europe , it 's obviously not feasible in greater numbers . 
  i 'm just against your statement which indicated european living standart has nothing to do with african poverty . 
   thirdly , as is demanded by these deeply-held beliefs of yours , in the name of ottoman imperialism in the balkans that has retarded the region 's development for the sake of turkish enrichment , gib reparations turkish enrichment ? 
  the anatolians suffered under the ottoman rule as much as balkanians did until 19th century . 
  balkans were a colony as much as anatolia was a colony . 
  it was literally the least developed part of the empire , certainly less developed than balkans . 
  and the ruling class did n't see itself as turks until the balkans were lost . 
  actually they used the word as an insult for illiterate poor peasants . 
  if the ottomans were still around , you would be valid , but the republic is a different entity than the ottoman state . 
  the higher living standart in europe is partly due to africa . 
  its ' resources are exploited by the globalist capital economy , most of which are either american or european . 
  not to mention the global warming which , again , is caused by highly industrialized western countries and , ** most importantly ** , these countries ' direct exploitation of the continent through colonialism for 150 years . 
  turks came from central asia . 
  that 's something out of the thick of it , right there . 
   maybe the people are just feeling that way because they 're idiots . 
  yes , suddenly , people thought ; `` hey , why do n't we elect a xenophobic idiot as our leader ? '' . 
  populists like trump only get prevalent because the so called left is out of touch with the average american . 
  they got bogged down in identity politics , offering no economic solution to the stagnating wages , increasing poverty and the housing costs . 
  populist-nationalists like trump thrive in these circumstances , even though they do n't offer any real solution . 
  * have you run your fingers down the wall * * and have you felt your neck skin crawl * * when you 're searching for the light ? 
  luxemburg 's tallest building looks like a giant bookcase . 
  actually , i just found two separate irish words and slapped them together . 
  it means `` gray crow '' in irish . 
  `` in order to ensure the security and continuing stability , the republic will be reorganized into the third french empire , for a safe and secure society . '', 
  it is so in turkish as well ; * kral * . 
  apparently , the word was adopted into turkish from serbian language . 
  yay ! ... 
   certain areas which everybody knows to avoid . 
  except for those who actually live in those places . 
   cultural marxist care to explain what do you actually mean ? 
  it 's a made up term which does n't say much . 
  the whole conversation was about konrad adenauer , and this guy just tried to defend konrad adenauer by bringing up the things done by stalin , presumably because the person he was responding to had a russian flair . 
  this is the textbook definition of whataboutism . 
  whataboutism at its worst . 
  how is this even relevant ? 
  * i see the soldiers dressed in their uniforms *, 
   cis scum [ i 'm really sorry for this , but i could n't resist . 
  ] ( https://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/headhuntersholosuite/images/e/e0/b1_battle_droid.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20110217034433 ), 
   that this is really good . 
  the colour of the middle column reminds me of the bourbon flag . 
  carpathian sea was such a big project that there could 've been a sea . . on the mountains . 
  ussr was so ambitious that it could even provide its ' subjects with sea . 
  state communism is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural . 
  ussr became so powerful , the only thing it was afraid of was losing its ' power , which eventually , of course , it did . 
  unfortunately , it taught it 's subjects everything they would need to become independent , then they killed it in its weakest moment . 
  it 's ironic . 
  ussr could save its satellite states from collapsing , but not itself . 
   however , even that limited attraction of the city disappeared after the current mayor came to power at 1994 ( yes , 23 years ago ) . 
  to show the gravity of the situation , this is the mayor who claimed that a certain earthquake might 've been man-made . 
  why would it ? 
  there 's no personal grudge between the ruling class and the revolutionaries , it 's not like an ethnic civil war . 
  they just want to confiscate their property and political power . 
  of course , there would be deaths on both sides , but i do n't think a total extermination would take place , no matter which side wins . 
  probably a civil war between the revolutionaries and the military . 
   marx was very clear about the essence of what the `` dictatorship of the proletariat '' would be and it fully entitled violence , on a huge scale , against the `` enemy social classes '' . 
  marxism is absolutely inherently violent and genocidal by definition . 
  `` dictatorship of the proleteriat '' would not seek to exterminate the bourgeouis , they would just seize their private property and political power . 
  revolutionaries would not be any more violent than the ruling class . 
  paris commune is a good example . 
  ** * gay * **, 
  they 'll go with the `` working with our foreign enemies against our country '' theme . 
  when you say corrupt , it usually implies financial corruption . 
  which is what their own ministers were accused of back in the day . 
  the french , praising monarchy ? 
  it must be `` restoration '' time . 
   bail out a corrupt friend corrupt ? 
  even he ca n't spin it like that . 
  the mp was arrested under the charges of spying , because he revealed that the turkish intelligence had been sending arms to jihadists in syria . 
  m\u00e9lenchon is not exactly anti-eu . 
  he just wants to reform its economic policies . 
  not . 
  yet . 
  he will be after the second round of elections . 
  i invoke my right to stay silent . 
  non-muslims are n't permitted in mecca ? 
  i 've never heard about this . 
  one does not disprove the other . 
  it 's a theocratic absolute monarchy . 
  yep ... 
  not minority , plurality . 
  privileged workers . 
  lol . 
  it 's amazing how in 1983 labour got 209 seats while sdp-liberal alliance got 23 despite getting the same number of votes , roughly . 
  thank you , i knew it looked familiar !, 
  [ juncker , while he 's trying to convince theresa may to call a snap election ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqrw0rm4v0k ), 
  r/sayanything /, 
  the french has a `` foothold '' to the southwest as well , i see . 
   the sky is fallin `` human race that we run '' ... 
  just 10 . 
  though they stand only in northern ireland , which has only 18 constituencies .
