ottomans were allied with the protestants during the thirty years ' war as well . 
  huh . 
  did n't know the greek word for it was so close to the turkish one : `` tavla '' . 
  it will be done , my chancellor . 
  off the top of my head ; greece , albania , ireland , ukraine , ~ ~ belgium ~ ~ . 
  edit : yeah , not belgium . 
  forgot about congo . 
  there are many socialists who do n't promote oppressive dictatorships . 
  the energy minister is not his step-son , he 's his son-in-law . 
  greek catholics ? 
  did n't know that was a thing . 
  keep in mind that voter turnout was % 55 . 
  you 've had enough of the experts , too i see . 
  elvish languages are heavily influenced by welsh and finnish . 
  do n't forget the mill by the river in which geralt and the villager girl ... ehm . 
  sound choice , considering how the turkish government expressed their desire to implement death penalty . 
  it 's just depressing to see bosnia covered in grey in every statistical map . 
  it does n't snow much in antarctica though , it 's a big chunk of ice that does n't get any precipitation for the most part . 
  not so different than a sand desert on this matter . 
  eesti is the cutest name there is . 
  commander u/elvishcopter , execute order 5 . 
  well , it 's population density would be akin to that of germany 's . 
  african union * of mars * , you mean . 
  we 're thoroughly fucked up , indeed . 
  a black metal album . 
  russia can into nordic . 
  oh my fucking god !, 
  johannes gutenberg was from mainz . 
  `` i have waited a long time for this moment my little flexible friend . '', 
  ironic . 
  they could save others from themselves , but not save themselves from themselves . 
  * what if i say i 'm not like the others *, 
  they are n't primitivists , no one ever said that . 
  they have democratic communes with a decentralized socialistic economy . 
  though i do n't know how much will that last , i think it 's admirable . 
   us you could make texas look like mordor , for example :d ( or for europe - russia ) ) . 
  no , just ... no . 
  but for it to be socialist , these state owned companies would have to be democratically run by their workers . 
  you could argue that these workers ` delegate ' authority to the managers of these state owned companies through political organs , but there is not even a pretence of democracy in china . 
  communist party of china is no different than any other private company when it comes down to being accountable to the public . 
  you said `` venezuela has more socialist policies than sweden , they are closer to china than sweden . '', 
  as i understood , you equated `` more socialist policies '' with china . 
  china is n't socialist . 
  you would be correct if your government had the majority of the mps in the parliament , but is n't the dutch parliament among one of the most diverse parliaments in europe ? 
  i mean , the biggest party got % 20 of the votes in the last election , if i 'm not mistaken . 
  you ca n't distrust the parliament if your parliament does n't have any power . 
  i 'm sure plenty of people step on denmark every day . 
  [ is such a thing even possible ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cwihnbmupdi ), 
  the thing is , the europeans are not living inside a hive mind . 
  being a european is not a defining identity . 
  it consists of many different people with conflicting ideas , and identities . 
  these conflicts have nothing to do with being european , or hating/loving europeans . 
  `` europeans hate themselves . 
  just look at what happened to berlin in wwii . '', 
  not hating muslims is not the same thing as being an ally of the islamists . 
  it 's such a big turning point in history , i do n't think you can assume anything about what would happen next . 
  russia may be fucked up right now , but this is nothing compared to the shitstorm that was the '90s . 
  it 's not just about politicians , it 's more about the economic elite . 
  they influence politics to a disturbingly great degree in order to further their privileged positions , at the expense of the rest . 
  we had a referendum in turkey , back in 2010 . 
  if passed , which it did , it would allow the government to have some authority over jurisdiction . 
  that * obviously * did n't turn out to be a good decision . 
  simply put , with the recent referendum giving even more judicial authority to the government , our judicial system is fucked at the moment . 
  good luck , poles !, 
  if the said decisions affect a small number of people , and these decisions does n't require any sort of specialization , there would be pure , direct democracy involved . 
  on larger issues which require a technical or scientific knowledge , the scientists , engineers etc. 
  would choose some representative among them to give their proposal to a larger council , formed by these said representatives . 
  these councils would form whenever they 're necessary , and disband after they fulfilled their purpose . 
  there would n't be a centralized and permanent institution to make all kinds of decisions , like our governments . 
  i think this is both more efficient and bureaucracy-free . 
  i recommend reading `` the dispossessed '' by ursula k le guin . 
  it depicts an anarchist society rather well , in my opinion . 
  probably , it would take a revolution to take the private property of the capitalists . 
  afterwards , i think the community as a whole would own all these private properties such as houses , workshops , factories etc. 
  then , the benefits of these institutions would be shared equally among the community . 
   the first female president when this is your only ` appeal ' , people tend not to vote for you . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  unlike other systems of governance , anarchism works as long as people want it to work . 
  if the society is committed to the anarchist ideals , none of these things would happen . 
  and in my opinion , it 's the beautiful aspect of it . 
  if people does n't want it , you ca n't force it on them . 
  if people are not committed , it reverts back to the way it was . 
  for most anarchists , yes . 
  most of the anarchists advocate for public ownership of property , means of production etc. 
  as well . 
  with the exception of anarcho-capitalists , which are totally different from the left-anarchists . 
  i 'm sorry to break it for you but our ancestors did n't create governments for our sake , they did it for power , authority and the preservation of the existing social relations . 
  if anything , the government and the social order which they 're trying to protect are what 's keeping us from progressing . 
  somalia is n't anarchist . 
  on the contrary , free market reigns supreme in that country . 
  anarchism is the eradication of unjustified authority , and the organization of the society in a localized and democratic manner . 
  abolishment of private property goes with it as well . 
  it would n't starve people , as you claim . 
  on the contrary , there probably would n't be any starving individuals in an anarchist society , because , unlike capitalism , the economic system would be based around providing the needs of the population . 
   anarchy does n't make any sense exactly what it is that does n't make any sense ? 
  care to elaborate ? 
  [ they 've learned from the best ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ihswa1swe ) / s , obviously . 
  it means the perpetrators were n't subjected to trial as it was conducted by order of the state against leftists . 
   this is getting out of control !,
