  i live in one of the most religious regions of sweden , but religious people here are members of free churches , generally ,, 
  in my experience , people do n't really think about it . 
  it 's mainly that they 're members because they were baptised as babies and just have n't bothered leaving . 
  there 's no real cultural traditions that requires the church , at least not where i 'm at , so it 's not even on the level you described . 
  hmm in my experience when people identify as `` christian '' they 're usually a member of a free church , because at least in where i 'm at , members of the church of sweden tend to be nonreligious . 
  mostly the social democrats , but also the left party, 
  the sweden democrats, 
  as i said , i do n't share her views in the least , but at least she sticks to them , and that i respect . 
  unlike the rest of the liberal parties that have all gone further to the right in order to sponge off sd . 
  annie l\u00f6\u00f6f of the centre party . 
  she 's a liberal , i 'm not , but i have a lot of respect for her . 
  bacon boris ? 
  * helvetes j\u00e4vla fittkuk * literally : hell 's damn cunt-cock '', 
  no clue , i 'm from further south, 
  fairly common , we call them smultron, 
  vic 2 will run on any modern laptop without issues . 
  * cries in swedish *, 
  i have two surnames , one is relatively common , at around 12,500 people having it . 
  the other is * extremely * rare , with a grand total of 3 , in the entire country , all in my family . 
  i was in blackpool a week ago ... 
  i do n't think i 've seen an uglier town, 
  fair enough . 
  is ol' donny popular over there ? 
   and no matter what , the president of the us is always voted as the winner of the poll . 
  ... this year too ? 
  ireland probably, 
  in sweden the king does n't even have any powers on paper . 
  his constitutionally defined duty is to be a symbol . 
  i 'm going to england for two weeks on sunday , then i start working in late july !, 
  i 'm not even british and i have a crush on rachel riley . 
  christ that woman 's perfect . 
  in my experience with greeks specifically , i 've yet to come across anyone who denies their right to exist . 
  it 's mainly the use of the name macedonia without a qualifier ( slavomacedonia or north macedonia have both been suggested ) and the appropriation of greek historical symbols and people that 's a problem . 
  we 've never had that many jews in sweden afaik , and i do n't remember learning anything in particular about jews in sweden , just about judaism as a whole . 
  i do n't have an opinion of jews as a group , because that really does n't make any sense . 
  i judge everyone one a person-by-person basis . 
  now , i am a supporter of palestine and a critic of israel , so i suppose some might call me antisemitic though i do n't consider myself to be at all . 
  in your opinion, 
  i honestly have no idea why , because the swedish version , tjeckien is not that different from czechia , but `` czechia '' really annoys me . 
  it 's completely irrational but there you are . 
  i prefer the czech republic . 
  can confirm , visited last summer . 
  absolutely stunning . 
  ... tfw i do n't know any of these songs . 
  1905 worst year of my life reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  for swedish , i dislike the v\u00e4rmland accent . 
  for english i dislike the american deep south accent . 
  i like the majority of british accents i 've found . 
  idk if it 's because i 've visited a lot and because i have friends there but i especially like the way people speak in lancashire . 
  `` oh scheisse , ze terrorists shot me with ze paintball gun , i 'm gon na lie down and have a schnooze '', 
  yeah i think the cause the deceased fought for plays a major role in what 's considered acceptable . 
  communists and slave-owners are not near the same moral level , at least in my mind . 
  afaik we start english in year 3 now ( aged 9 ) , and then in year 6 you can choose spanish , french or german , and you continue with the language you choose through year 9 . 
  first year of gymnasium you can either choose to continue with that language or choose a new one . 
  the new ones available at mine were italian , russian and mandarin . 
  this is the definition of liberal pretty much everywhere . 
  america and canada are the odd men out here . 
  there 's quite a few of them in sweden , from my experience they 're just regular people . 
  nothing specifically against somalis , some people have a problem with immigrants and muslims in general though . 
  all 28 ( yes at the moment it is still 28 ) member states of european union are sovereign countries . 
  the eu does not have sovereignty . 
  i do n't . 
  i was describing a situation that often occurs . 
  i never implied or at least meant to imply that 's what i thought . 
  by `` the rest of us '' i mean western and northern europe , not swedes specifically . 
  what exactly is your point ? 
  it does to me too but estonia and russia has this bit of history that makes it somewhat understandable . 
  it 's the same bit of history that makes any thread on / r/europe about the soviet union in ww2 a shitshow about who was worse , with the baltics and the rest of eastern europe claiming the soviet and the rest of us claiming the nazis . 
  people from estonia and the other baltic countries , from what i 've seen on reddit , tend to think of those russians as immigrants regardless of whether or not they were born there . 
  no i 'm an atheist . 
  i do n't care about what other people believe as long as they leave me out of it and do n't try and legislate based on that belief . 
  officially , `` f\u00f6renta konungariket storbritannien och nordirland '' but mostly just storbritannien , ( great britain ), 
  fyrmakedonien is more common in my experience . 
  it 's fine as is in my opinion, 
  i do n't know about the netherlands but in greece there is a brand called merenda which is excellent . 
  the rural areas of scania , v\u00e4rmland and sm\u00e5land probably fit the bill very well . 
  flair does n't check out ... 
  mellan\u00f6stern ( middle east ) or less frequently , n\u00e4ra \u00d6stern ( near east ), 
  idk . 
  didnt think there 'd be an issue . 
  everyone does it occasionally in my experience . 
  i dont mind it . 
  my grandfather was in the greek army during the italian invasion . 
  he does n't like to talk about it . 
  is that supposed to offend me ? 
  of course . 
  very different . 
  much unique . 
  unrelated , officially . 
  the assassins were affiliated with the black hand which had influence in the serbian government and were inspired by serb nationalism that serbia was indeed , at the time , spreading . 
  of course , this does n't mean that serbia started ww1 , but they were n't completely uninvolved either . 
  not sure . 
  depends on the subreddit . 
  i will say that people that frequent / r/sweden are usually more right wing than the average swede in my experience . 
  like bulgarian, 
  this happened just last summer actually . 
  me and my dad were driving down to greece and in fyrom we were stopped by policemen asking for bribes . 
  not a pleasant experience . 
  aye but those are entirely different countries . 
  her titles in the uk are , iirc : '' * elizabeth ii , by the grace of god , of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and of her other realms and territories queen , head of the commonwealth , defender of the faith * '',
