  share them , malaka mou :d, 
  maybe it depends on where you are . 
  i 've never heard anything good about either one of the bushes , or reagan . 
  but obama was rather well-liked here , clinton too afaik . 
  you mean first female head of government . 
  your head of state is the queen . 
  i never said hillary was great . 
  big difference . 
  i would have much preferred bernie . 
  but she ' muuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuch better than an * actual * goddamn misygonist and molester . 
  christ . 
  i do n't see how this is difficult . 
  corrupt ? 
  if hillary is corrupt , so is donnieboi . 
  he has n't divested of his businesses , he wo n't release his tax return , he has goddamn corporate ceos in his cabinet and not to mention the connections that a suspicious amount of his cabinet members , advisors or other associates appear to have . 
  clean as a whistle , old donnie , ai n't he ? 
  right ... because there 's no way to compare the two directly , right ? 
  one candidate is uncharismatic , but intelligent , coherent and experienced . 
  the other is a living meme who ca n't form a proper sentence , has zero experience in politics and whose every other word is blatantly and objectively false . 
  that 's absolutely true , but the idea that hillary was somehow not better than trump is absolutely idiotic . 
   hillary was not better either pure undiluted bovine excrement . 
  she was miles better by any metric . 
  you only got to first place by doping anyway ... freedom , skiing it 's all the same to you people, 
  ... joke , right ? 
  please ? 
  total yes , but 6,000,000 jews, 
  well they did have three of them, 
  afaik he is mainly known as king billy in scotland and ni , and william iii or william of orange in england . 
  i believe he 's thinking of king william iii , who is also known as william of orange . 
  you 're thinking of william iii , no ? 
  not the same william of orange . 
  swedish , english , and i used to be completely fluent in greek but over the last few years i have n't gotten much practice . 
  i can still understand a lot and make myself understood quite well . 
  i agree with the food in the uk . 
  i was there in june and had tons of good british food . 
  it does look a little bland and you seem to have aversions to any spices that are n't salt and pepper ( except in curries ) but it was simple and tasty . 
  i was n't even in london , but a small town in lancashire so there we are . 
  we do n't talk about heineken, 
  they do n't, 
  children 's are dubbed , adult ones subtitled . 
  generally . 
  sweden denmark germany austria italy croatia slovenia hungary serbia fyrom greece turkey uk ( england , scotland and wales ), 
  he does n't chill . 
  my favorite place in my home town is the city park . 
  there 's a small mountain ( more like a big hill , i guess ) with a view over the entire city and [ lake v\u00e4ttern ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/v%c3%a4ttern ) . 
  it 's absolutely stunning . 
  was n't gustav iii also absolutist ? 
  for a time at least ? 
  or am i misremembering ? 
  ck2 , hoi4 , euiv total war series assassin 's creed series dragon age series mass effect series the witcher series just cause series dishonored the list goes on tbh, 
  greek, 
  ah right , gotcha, 
  norwegian.se here, 
  you can have guns ( hunting rifles ) if you 're a hunter , or a member of a gun club and iirc have no history of mental illness or criminality . 
  and no . 
  really ? 
  i use \u00f6vermorgon and f\u00f6rrg\u00e5r all the time, 
  no , definitely not, 
  i 'd question the need for a # 1 altogether in that sense, 
  i mean ... sk\u00e5l is what we say here too, 
  yeah for like half a year for a local youth team when i was 11, 
  yeah hej and hey are pronounced pretty much the same . 
  your best bet is to reply with `` good day '' or something similar to make it obvious you 're foreign haha, 
  it 's not that we do n't tip , it 's that we do n't have a tipping culture . 
  there is n't a social convention that requires you to tip in order for the servers to make a living , because their job pays them their living . 
  you do tip for good service though , but not as much as in america . 
  fair enough , it did n't really occur to me . 
  i mean i 'm oversimplifying it a bit but it 's really not that complicated a process . 
  [ for example ] ( https://www.bbcgoodfood.com/howto/guide/how-make-strawberry-jam ), 
  i mean it 's not like you 're making your own ketchup ... you 're boiling fruit and sugar basically, 
  i have him tagged as `` pretentious twat '', 
  the stupidest thing i 've ever heard . 
  fair enough , it 's a big country . 
  i 've never seen it personally . 
  does n't happen very much at all here, 
  germany has amazing bread , france too . 
  greece also has great bread, 
  huh ? 
  tiny , and because i drove through it once when i was going to croatia , fairly nice roads . 
  this made me laugh, 
  proper water pressure in the shower and swedish cheesecake, 
  quite common among young people , as you only have to be 15 to get a license . 
  never heard of it . 
  after a quick google it appears that its mainly limited to halmstad here . 
  tropical fruits, 
  fanta is quite popular here , though coke/pepsi is still king . 
  big cities tend to have more flavours available i 've found , but where i 'm at you 'll generally find orange , exotic , lemon and elderberry and citrus, 
  tyranny , witcher 3 , total war , hearts of iron , ck2 , euiv , dragon age , mass effect, 
  yes , i 've been to alanya and bodrum, 
  i think you 're pronouncing iran wrong, 
  i have n't used cash for at least two years . 
  i barely carry it . 
  card everywhere . 
  everywhere . 
  really ? 
  i 've always found it extremely funny-sounding . 
  i 've yet to find any foreign accent appealing , they 're mostly just funny . 
  americans , and by extension all anglos , have a very funny way of speaking swedish , which is not , at all , sexy . 
  old people , mostly , or kids placed in church daycare i guess . 
  of course this applies only to the church of sweden .
