  even though finland might 've been `` great '' as a result . 
  this was actually understood during the wartime as well . 
  the finnish government was to a large extent composed of social democrats , who were avowed enemies of fascism and knew full well that the german victory would most likely mean that they 'd be executed eventually . 
  just one book by certain george orwell  . 
  it 's perhaps worth noting that this is from an alternative history project that tries to illustrate what might have happened if the germans won the second world war . 
  the date , 1984 , is not an accident . 
  they evacuated . 
  about 420 000 people , some 11 % of finland 's population , left their ancestral homes and most of their belongings . 
  ( this is about the same in relative terms as if the united states were to evacuate california entirely . ), 
  the moscow peace treaty of 1940 allowed them to return and become soviet citizens ; i believe the returnees can be counted with the fingers of one hand . 
  the refugees were dispersed throughout finland , and most had to build new homes and new livelihoods after the war . 
  as a matter of fact , here in finland nobody really gave a shit , aside from some leftists and feminists . 
  our conscription system has been and remains popular , the last time it was polled 75 % of all finns favored retaining it . 
  does n't mean we do n't have to develop it , and it was again feminists who fought to get women accepted as volunteers in the 1990s . 
  feminists here are also very adamant that the traditional reasons why women are n't included in conscription , say , pregnancy , are n't very good reasons at all . 
  ( and they 're right . ), 
  there are no gender restrictions on duties so women serve in combat units as well . 
  i 've served in conflict zones alongside women who have been much more motivated than most men , and i do n't have to ask to know whether they were in for real or not . 
  i also do n't have much time nor interest for men 's rights activists crying over perceived unfairness of their lives , particularly not when they hail from countries that let women vote only in the 1970s . 
  our system has its problems and is n't totally fair , but you asked what women would do during wartime , and i answered . 
  if you want to continue to vent how life and women have been treating you so badly , feel free to do so , but do n't expect me to continue the discussion . 
  as a friendly advice , however : there are usually things you can improve in your own life , including attitude and outlook , if you are n't currently succeeding in it . 
  blaming others is rarely very constructive approach . 
  as i said , we 're pragmatists . 
  by and large , we strive towards equality instead of mouthing off about how unfair the system is . 
  it is unequal and it needs to change eventually , but right now it is preferable to being ruled from the kremlin . 
  btw , in finland feminists are the most outspoken critics of the male-only conscription . 
  it may come as a surprise to you but we are also pragmatists who hesitate to change something that works , especially when it may be needed . 
  male only conscription is a clear equality problem and no one aside from right wing nutjobs disagrees , but wrecking the system right now would be a folly . 
  we 're very likely moving towards norway 's model where everyone of a certain age , despite gender , is liable for call-up but only volunteers are ( basically ) accepted , but it 'll take a decade at least to implement . 
  in modern war , there are no real safe areas or safe occupations , and while mortality in front-line combat units would be likely higher than in rear areas , overall mortality differences between all reservists and all labourers might not be that different . 
  but that 's secondary to the fact that right now the system works well enough while its problems , while real , are an acceptable price to pay . 
  this acceptance is indicated by the will of the finnish people that is expressed through their legally elected representatives . 
  4 times very small probability is still a very small probability . 
  we 're such a great friends that every time we bought soviet or russian military equipment in the past , we made sure we bought at the same time enough ammunition and spare parts to cover the expected wartime demand in case some foreign power decided to invade . 
  buying the whole lot at once would be too expensive these days , unlike in the past when you sold us package deals as there was n't much else beside weapons and oil with which to cover the bilateral trade deficits . 
  do n't get me wrong , i like russians as a people . 
  it 's putin 's regime that both sucks and blows at the same time , and this attitude i often see from putin 's supporters reminds me of a bully or a domestic abuser who maintains he 's so very friendly with all of his relatives and neighbours . 
   remind me , what do finnish women have to do ? 
  keep the society rolling along if the men are called to fight . 
  every finnish resident between 15 and 60 years of age has a legal duty to help defend finland . 
  the state of defence act permits the legal authorities to mobilize the non-combantants to non-combantant tasks , just as they were mobilized during the second world war . 
  there is a limited number of assets with range long enough to operate in counter-artillery role . 
  not all of them can operate all the time and they can not be everywhere at once . 
  if they are targeting some unit , they are not targeting another unit . 
  sure , it can be a very bad day for an artillery battery if the enemy has , say , long-range rocket launchers assigned to counter-artillery mission and gets the battery in question into his sights . 
  or if there 's an aviation strike package hunting for artillery where the battery operates . 
  but at the same time , these units are not able to shoot - say - at a mechanized battlegroup elsewhere . 
  the name of the game is combined arms warfare . 
  the idea is to be able to present the enemy with unsatisfactory options only : if he fires at the artillery , he ca n't fire on the battlegroup , and so forth . 
  without artillery , one fairly important component would be absent , and the enemy would be less constrained in his actions . 
  towed guns themselves are actually fairly hard targets , and we now have pretty good shelter systems ( flat-pack composite bunkers , basically ) that should be fairly effective in reducing casualties and damage among the crew and the more delicate equipment . 
  the guns themselves would also be dispersed so much that a single strike can at most destroy one gun at a time . 
  we got plenty of 152 mm guns el cheapo from the closeout sale of the other germany , and 130 mm guns were fairly useful due to their long range . 
  ( the latter are also used to train gunners to conserve more modern guns . ), 
  both are going to be removed from service fairly soon , most have already gone . 
  logistics was in theory more difficult but we did n't mix calibers within firing units so it was n't unduly so in practice . 
  and for * reasons * , every time we 've bought any military hardware from our eastern neighbour , we 've made sure to purchase at the same time the entire expected wartime supply of ammunition and spares . 
  the first is from an old finnish book about the continuation war , possibly `` suomi sodassa . '', 
  the second one is , as many guessed , from gladiator  . 
  your memory serves you well . 
  the winter war would 've been quite a show if only we 'd had enough ammunition for artillery . 
  there were * numerous * occasions when forward observers were literally begging a permission to fire at a seething mass of men and tanks but were rebutted because the four rounds the artillery unit had had to be saved for a real emergency . 
  in the continuation war , we were a bit smarter with acquisitions . 
  i 'd say we are still independent because what the artillery could do in 1944 . 
  my favorite fire control order dates from that time . 
  fire control orders here typically state how many `` units of fire '' ( = rounds ) the observer wants to target . 
  at one point in july 1944 , one spotter was recorded as ordering `` fire - fire everything '' . 
  okay , actually that 's my second most favorite . 
  my favorite is still `` on my signal - unleash hell . '', 
  apparently , ukrainians have been using 122 mm self-propelled guns to knock out russian tanks whose active protection systems and explosive armor made anti-tank missiles unreliable . 
  single shot is usually enough to remove the turret from the target vehicle . 
  it also seems indirect fire artillery has been much more effective against even modern tanks than western planners have assumed . 
  hey , where did you get the transcript from my army days ? 
  this is positively * spooky . 
  you 'd get used to the cold . 
  it was -15 \u00b0 c today for the first time this winter and my face was freezing , but after a week or so of -20 ... 25 \u00b0 c -15 degrees would feel positively balmy . 
  otoh apparently we humans have internal `` thermostats '' that get set by age 5 or so , and if you 've spent those formative years in a warmer climate then you 'd continue to feel cold no matter how long you 'd acclimatise . 
  the opposite is true for me , i ca n't get used to temperatures above +25 \u00b0 c and struggle whenever it 's hotter than that . 
   is it true that `` perkele '' is a curse word in finnish ? 
  it can be anything you want it to be . 
  i 've listened to numerous conversations where it constituted about one third of the words spoken . 
  did you notice what happened only a couple months ago with that memorial coin ? 
  in 1918 , we had a disagreement about whether the newly independent finland should be governed by socialists or not . 
  the conservative side won , and imprisoned most of the losers in concentration camps to starve and die of disease , while executing thousands , either outright or at best after a show trial of dubious legality . 
  ( not that the socialists would 've been likely much different , had they won . ), 
  in relation to population , it was one of the bloodiest civil wars ever , and it 's still bit of a touchy subject . 
  okay , i had a chat with a lawyer who specializes in labor law and has some experience with discrimination ( though not specifically racial discrimination ) issues . 
  this is what i learned . 
  * ty\u00f6suojelu * is indeed the designated point of contact if you feel you 've been discriminated against in matters relating to work or employment . 
  however , the quality of their advice can vary , and if you think you 've been given bad advice or they have n't taken you seriously , you can always escalate to the next level , * aluehallintovirasto * or avi . 
  what you want to do , should you want to escalate , is a * valvontapyynt\u00f6 * where you have to be specific which * ty\u00f6suojelu * office you are complaining about and why . 
  you can also ask for free advice from the * yhdenvertaisuusvaltuutettu 's * office and if you have n't done so yet , you might want to do that . 
  you have every right to complain about your treatment if you even suspect you 've been mistreated , so use your rights !, 
  as for advice : in general , as you unfortunately are all too well aware , discrimination cases can be notoriously hard to win in court . 
  the new law does place a reversed burden of proof to the employer in cases where there are reasonable grounds to suspect discrimination , but the court system generally works so that doubtful cases are resolved to the defendant 's benefit . 
  furthermore , organisations have quite a bit of legal leeway in selecting their employees . 
  what this adds up to is that cases where there have been multiple candidates with roughly equal skills and experience , the employer can easily say s/he selected the most suitable , and winning discrimination cases in court can be difficult , unless you have a way of proving that you actually were discriminated against . 
  a recording of the interview might actually do that , if discrimination is obvious . 
  however , if you can present a case where e.g.
