  make a scenario where you have only the queen - or even two queens - and the towers , and the other guy has everything but them . 
  if the players are reasonably evenly matched , your very much superior force ( on average ) is very likely to be checkmated in short order . 
  sure , you 'll do some damage but you will be hard-pressed to win . 
  you can repeat the experiment with more and more realistic simulators if you like , but this is what usually tends to happen . 
  for our case , a small professional force would be easily swamped by the combat teams russia could pour into finland . 
  even if they were individually better than the russian units , they would be degraded and simply tired by the engagements . 
  without other units to relieve them , within few days they would collapse simply because of lack of sleep . 
  and while they 're busy , other russian units would swivel around them and encircle them , or wreck the necessary logistical tail now defenceless in the rear . 
  also , air and sea landings would be much easier - they 're fairly easy to deter even with light , fairly primitively equipped troops , but in their absence the enemy would have more or less free run from every landing zone or beach they 'd choose . 
  the ~ ~ best ~ ~ only kind . 
  hm , perhaps we should instead adopt the war plan we have in store for norway : 1 . 
  initiate hostilities 2 . 
  surrender 3 . 
  as we learned , there are very few problems a sufficient quantity of well-placed explosives can not solve . 
  getting denmark back in one piece might be one of those , though . 
  on the other hand , what have the danes ever done for us ?!? 
   what is the general opinion in finland about conscription ? 
  and is it easy to `` avoid '' ? 
  last year 75 % of all people thought it 's the way to go . 
  service can be surprisingly easy to avoid , provided one 's willing to get `` c '' certificate meaning medical or psychological release for peacetime . 
  very often , doctors will sign the necessary paperwork if one just forcefully says he really does n't see himself as surviving the military experience . 
  failing that , faking an illness or a condition is usually easy enough . 
  i know quite a few people who did n't want to go ; all got c papers simply by telling the doctor the above . 
  the military does n't really care because they 're already trying to weed out those who have no interest whatsoever in the service . 
  no one thinks most conscripts really * like * the army ( although surprisingly many do ; post-service polls tend to get very good scores to the question `` how did you like your training period '' ) but there 's a difference between grunts grumbling as usual , and passive resistance . 
  there are really no consequences for getting a c rating , unless one wants to become a police officer or something like that ( of course , military jobs are right out ) . 
  for politicians , opposition boneheads may try to raise a fuss for `` evading '' service but very few people really care much about it these days . 
  the main things stopping more people taking c papers are probably social pressure and honesty . 
  edit : another reason of course is that there 's an option for civil service . 
  technically , studying and working are prohibited during this time , but particularly for men who already are in university , for example , finding a service placement where they can do some useful stuff is often fairly easy . 
  i know a guy who did much of his phd thesis during his 12 months ; he had negotiated a placement at the same university laboratory he used to work in . 
   i get quite annoyed while listening to some people going about what the benefits of conscripted army are apart from it doing the job it 's supposed to do . 
  my personal favorite of all the stupid things said is that army is `` men 's school '' where boys become men . 
  me too . 
  i honestly think that given our situation and circumstances , there really are n't feasible alternatives in the offing . 
  future may of course be different . 
  but the reason why we have conscription is to provide a credible deterrent that hopefully will keep us out of all wars . 
  it 's a form of taxation and while there probably are some benefits from having people from different backgrounds mingle , these are poor reasons for conscription . 
  on the other hand , many of the arguments used against conscription are also fairly weak . 
  :d ah , but therein lies the problem : you try using * sails . 
  * i propose a fleet of tow boats , possibly atomic powered !, 
  so fancy we decided not to buy it and went for the korean conscript-proof designs  . 
  but i 'd have to drive for longer to get there instead of just hopping from the boat to superalko !, 
  but perhaps we 'll take you guys with us when we finally figure a way how to tow finland through the danish straits and to the caribbean . 
  that would solve so many problems at once !, 
  here 's a link to the most recent study , see p. 9 . http://www.defmin.fi/files/3338/mts_mielipidetutkimus_15_raportti_suomeksi.pdf edit : while i could n't find the most recent results , here 's a study from 2010 ( fig 3 , p. 29 ) where the same question is asked from conscripts leaving service , and it 's noted e.g. 
  [ in this news ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/3-8397647 ) that today there 's been a clear increase in the number of those responding `` yes '' to this question . 
  but where would we get our cheap booze after that ? 
  nice try , putin-stooge !, 
  is n't this exactly the same problem as with all tax hikes - old people `` suffer '' less because they do n't have as long to live ? 
  likewise , the middle aged middle class pays the brunt of all taxes . 
  yet we let everyone over 18 to vote nevertheless . 
  well , that 's for the swedes to decide . 
  they 're now also finding out another not at all surprising thing : that once you get rid of conscription , it 's slow to bring back . 
  as swedes here have noted , they do n't have the facilities or instructors to go totally in right away even if they wanted - they have to build up the system . 
  besides , 4000 men and woman per year might even be enough for the swedes . 
  norwegians manage with a fairly similar selective intake system and it 's possible finland 's moving to that direction in the future as well , provided russia stabilizes ( yeah , fat chance - but in practice we 've been selecting conscripts as well ) . 
  the geopolitical situation swedes are facing is different from what we have , perhaps different enough so that they can make do with a military that has more generals than artillery pieces . 
  we ca n't . 
  i only think his moment would be much improved with one tower and couple of bridges !, 
  well , we have a freedom of belief so you 're free to believe what you want . 
  but there are reasons why the u.s. has greatly decreased its reliance from nuclear weapons , and why sweden for instance terminated her nuclear weapons program . 
   but you wo n't get the same soldiers as israeli conscripts if you enlist people for 6 to 12 months . 
  in this case , your soldiers are necessarily inferior to professional soldiers . 
  no , we ca n't train our soldiers to the same level as the israelis do * during their initial service period . 
  * that 's why we have regular refresher exercises which for some reservists can continue until they 're over 50 . 
  but it does n't in any case follow that our conscripted soldiers are inferior to the type of professional soldier we 'd likely get . 
  in most northern european countries , population - that is , recruitment base - is small while universities etc. 
  are free . 
  as a result , there are really very few carrots strong enough to get enough well-qualified recruits for the professional military and then retain them in service , particularly not if the military is expected to be able to do more than have skirmishes with taliban or hand out aid packets in africa . 
  that 's precisely the problem sweden ( to huge surprise of precisely no one who had experience in these matters ) discovered when they tried and the reason why we 're now having this discussion . 
  so to get the manpower levels we need to have a military that 's actually credible deterrent against a first - or even second-rate great power military , there are n't many options available . 
  and because of the aforementioned difficulties in recruiting ( small base , small carrots ) , the * quality * of recruits a professional military in the nordics tends to get just is n't good enough . 
  while conscript units may not ever be 100 % as good as the best professional units , they can be surprisingly good . 
  at cold response 2016 finnish reservists engaged in a prolonged two-way simulated combat operations against professional norwegian troops ; the general consensus is that the finns came on top even though they were fighting on norgie 's home turf . 
  ( also : i heard that finns were among the few units that had the stamina to keep on fighting through the very demanding exercise . ), 
  likewise , what i 've heard through my own channels about the arrow 16 exercise is that the u.s. army troops that got their strykered asses handed to them ( not their fault , that 's what tends to happen when even elite light troops encounter a full armored battlegroup ) were * extremely * impressed by the skills of finnish reservists . 
  one reason for that is that we get plenty of manpower to choose from for our best units . 
  professional militaries have to do with what they can get , and undermanned squads are ( from what i hear ) not unusual occurrences . 
  we train almost every man and can pretty much pick and choose who to place in actual wartime units . 
  the not so good soldiers receive placements in second echelon units and wherever we think they might be useful , and some of the worst are assigned directly to third class reserves.but no worries , that 's something not even most finnish reservists really understand - many think about the pukes they served with during training and think wartime units are the same . 
  yup . 
  one could make the same mistaken argument about any tax hike : that younger people are going to suffer more because they have longer to live . 
  conscription is a form of taxation , sure enough . 
  but in some cases it 's less bad or more acceptable than other alternatives . 
  i thought you guys had more generals than artillery pieces , so surely you have some officers to spare ? 
  you 'd be surprised at how fast that can happen , if it 's practised enough . 
  i 'm not going to divulge exact details how this happens , but let 's say that i 've been setting up a simulated ambush while still hung over from previous night 's fun . 
  nukes are n't really viable as weapons if the enemy has even the slightest shred of sense or cunning . 
  this is what the u.s. found out in the 1950s and why it stopped threatening with massive retaliation in response for any aggression . 
  because the problem is , when do you justify nuclear annihilation ? 
  let 's say little green men appear in gotland . 
  should nuclear-armed sweden let loose against russia , knowing a retaliatory response would end sweden totally ? 
  sweden used to have a very serious nuclear weapons program back in the 1960s , and afaik this was among the many reasons it was shelved . 
  other reason is that nuclear weapons are actually surprisingly costly . 
  the bombs themselves cost `` only '' their weight in gold and diamonds but it 's the rest of the necessary infrastructure , delivery vehicles , etc. 
  that really adds up . 
  it 's kind of like thinking why have shovels at all because you can have dynamite . 
  dynamite might have some uses but it 's not really the best option for gardening . 
  actually , now that i think about this i 'd really like to see a gardener who uses only dynamite , but that 's beside the point .
