  i do not believe this campaign - which must be at some level approved by putin 's regime - is a prelude for invasion as such , but it is clearly designed to make russian people more accepting towards possible `` sterner measures '' against their neighbors , should a need or an opportunity arise . 
  now , the danger here is that putin & co. actually begin to believe the crap their propaganda outlets are spouting . 
  it would n't be the first time this happened in history . 
  from our point of view , all too possible scenario could be that putin is facing a domestic crisis -  wants to distract the public -  seeks a scrap with some foreign country -  looks at map and notes the baltics are under nato nuclear umbrella -  decides to fuck with finland , as the media has been trumpeting how weak and effeminate they are , etc. 
  that scenario is the reason why we 're going to apply for nato the moment sweden does . 
  we do not want to be the only country up here close to russia but without nato membership . 
  i do not think either of these scenarios are likely . 
  but they are far more possible than what they were ten years ago . 
  before the georgian crisis , i was dismissive of those who warned that putin seems to have taken the use of force as a legitimate foreign policy tool . 
  before the ukrainan events , i did n't believe putin would use force to annex territory or prevent political developments he did n't like . 
  fool me once , shame 's on you ; fool me twice , shame 's on me . 
  and i do n't intend to be fooled the third time . 
  there is also the thing that finland is a country of only 5,5 million people . 
  a great country will not disappear even if it bows knee to an oppressor . 
  we might , and we can not afford to make a mistake of being too trusting towards the only country that has been a genuine threat to our very way of life . 
  also realized : username checks out . 
  i 've heard from several fairly credible military sources that current russian doctrine and geography of gulf of finland make it very unlikely finland could remain outside any military conflict in estonia , whether we are nato members or not . 
  apparently , the russian doctrine would very probably call for `` securing '' the northern shore of gulf of finland - which happens to include helsinki and most of finnish population - and that 's a major reason why most active duty finnish military officers are in favor of nato membership . 
  as things stand , we might get drawn to conflict anyway without any guarantees of help . 
  and putin 's military men have made it fairly clear they consider finland to already be in the `` western '' and `` enemy '' camp anyway . 
  we 'd just like to be left alone but that unfortunately seems hard to secure these days . 
  ah yes , the norwegians . 
  have to try and direct some hate over there . 
  but is problematic , they do n't beat us in ice hockey . 
  i just realized something . 
  if we finns hate the swedes , and you hate the danes , but danes apparently do n't hate finns - does that mean we 've won a contest ? 
  russia demanding gratitude from the baltic states is exactly like a rapist demanding gratitude from his victim because he did n't completely cripple her as well . 
  i feel really sorry for most russians . 
  i grew up in eastern finland , and i know quite a bit of russians from there and in helsinki . 
  nice people and fun to be around with - for the most of the time . 
  ditto for russians in russia . 
  but their government is genuinely one of the scariest on the planet . 
  i 'm probably biased since it 's not that far to russian border from here , but it seems like putin and his cronies are fanning virulently nationalistic screed to distract people from genuine economic woes - all this in a major nuclear-armed country . 
  they may well be unleashing forces they ca n't ultimately control , and whichever way this goes , it very probably will not end well for the majority of russians . 
  the major question seems , how much damage putin and co. will do to russians and other countries before their time comes . 
  we finns just wanted to be left alone to mind our own business and we 'd be more than happy to be on friendly terms with everybody . 
  but nooo , putin has to act like a bully he is . 
  now it seems practically certain we 're going to join nato , possibly by 2020 ( i personally could well have done without , but after the crimean affair and putin 's blatant disregard for principles of non-violence in inter-state affairs , it seems imprudent not to join ) and we have to spend even more money on the military . 
  could have spent those euros elsewhere , you know . 
  the major thing keeping us from joining nato is that sweden is n't an official member ( we all know about the backroom deals , like the ones where the u.s. guaranteed sweden 's security with nuclear firepower in exchange of sweden stopping its nuclear bomb project and letting u.s. subs and bombers to use swedish territory in time of war ) . 
  as long as sweden is n't a member , our geographical position is problematic and it 's uncertain whether nato members even could help us even if they wanted . 
  but if sweden joins , the alliance is guaranteed to have access to sweden for purposes of logistics and air force basing areas . 
  ground troops we have plenty of , airpower is what we 'd need . 
  it 's an open secret that if we get a tip that sweden is mailing in its nato application form , the finnish ambassador will be running to deliver ours . 
  ------------------------------------- meanwhile , i 'd just like to reiterate to any russians reading this : among younger generation of finns in particular and aside from very few yet unfortunately loud boneheads you can get to hate anyone , there is no hate against you russians as people . 
  i do n't know what you 're hearing from your government-dominated news channels , but no one `` hates '' russians or wishes you ill . 
  but we are very concerned about your current government . 
  and while we never ever want to fight wars again , we are very worried that you start to believe your own propaganda about europe being weak and start getting funny ideas about `` easy '' military adventures . 
  i 've read some postings here on reddit and elsewhere that make me seriously concerned about whether there is a real sentiment in russia that military adventure in europe would be a piece of cake . 
  whatever i could do to uphold good relations between finland and russia , i would gladly do . 
  i even understand to some extent the russian fears of encirclement , exaggerated though they may be . 
  i do this not out of fear , but because i believe in good neighbourly relations and want to live in peace even with people with whom i might not agree on all particulars . 
  nevertheless , be advised that we 've been practically the only european country to retain strong military specialized in defending our country against anyone using russian equipment and tactics even when , for a while in the 1990s , it looked as if russia would n't bother anyone militarily anymore and all the other countries gutted their militaries . 
  in an annual poll asking this specific question , every year close to 80 % of all finns say we must at least try to fight against an invader no matter the odds ; among those who 've served and are actually liable for call-up in time of crisis ( 900 000 men and woman ) , the percentages hover at around 90 % . 
  i was a professional soldier for a while in my early 20s and used to be a reservist for one of the `` tip of the spear '' units . 
  i received three special commendations during my service , i 'm still fit , i thrive in the great outdoors and i 'm capable of handling an assault rifle fairly well if i may say so . 
  yet i 'm no longer in the first line of reserve as i 'm around 35 years old and have no militarily relevant expertise except as a door-kicker , and for those jobs there are younger and faster guys already . 
  therefore , i recently tried to get back to active reserve as a total volunteer - because of the things happening in ukraine and threats like those mentioned here . 
  i said i could do any job they might have and fill any need for a warm body they might have anywhere . 
  guess what ? 
  i was turned down because there were too many people volunteering to serve even when they could just stay home , and all the taskings they had open , they could fill with volunteers who had years or decades of relevant civilian expertise . 
  the mail i got from an officer who had considered me apologized that there were far more people volunteering than they had thought . 
  finns generally mean what they say , and when we say we 're ready to fight if we absolutely must , we mean it . 
  i say this again : all we want is to be left alone , but woe to anyone who thinks we do n't mean it and believes a military adventure might be a holiday like , say , crimea . 
  war with russia would be an unmitigated disaster , to put it very mildly , and lead to deaths of thousands of finns . 
  if russian rulers so wanted , they definitely could devastate all of finland , even without using weapons of mass destruction . 
  but on the other hand , putin 's military has n't been an outright success against 50 000 or so poorly trained ukrainians in more or less open terrain where the russian military machine should traditionally be at its best . 
  therefore , i think that even without allies , our 230 000 first-line troops with equipment as good or better than whatever the putin 's troops have , and hundreds of thousands of older and less well equipped but generally speaking motivated second-line reservists , fighting to defend our right to live the way we choose in a battle we 've been training and preparing for since 1945 , knowing our grandfathers and great-grandfathers stopped the red army cold not once but twice - even the red army of 1944 that the nazi war machine could not stop - in our country broken by endless lakes , rocks and forests , would have a fairly good chance of making putin 's stooges pay very dearly indeed for every inch they advance . 
  i reiterate yet again that neither i nor anyone else not in a mental health institution wants war or suggests we are going to have one . 
  the problem is , it seems putin may be believing his own propaganda and may believe our defences are n't credible unless we 're in nato . 
  and that 's the only reason i 'm in favor of the alliance . 
  well , that and i 've heard from credible military professionals that current russian doctrine and geography of gulf of finland make it almost impossible for finland to be left alone if the balloon goes up in the baltic countries . 
  so we 'd be drawn into the fight by russia whether we want it or no . 
  if there are russians who do n't want all of your neighboring countries join nato , i suggest you take a hard look at who 's actually paying the salary for lavrov et al. 
  he 's the best walking advertisement for nato membership i know ... 
  turku resident here . 
  there have been more foreign-looking folks ( as in , folks that clearly are n't finns ) around the town since the refugee situation got bad , but i assume you do n't mind having people of different colors walking around  . 
  if you 're dark-skinned yourself , the probability of being a target of slurs or even some drunk racist hooligan taking a swing at you is probably somewhat higher than what it used to be . 
  though the probability is still extremely low ( okay , drunken slurs you might hear , though may not understand ) and finland is still ridiculously safe , by and large . 
  in all likelihood you can get drunk and pass out in the worst part of the city and wake up in the morning with your possessions and body intact . 
  not that i advocate experimenting , though . 
  living expenses are still high , finland is and has been one of the most expensive countries in europe . 
  nothing to do with refugees , however , and turku is not as expensive as helsinki , fortunately !, 
  student housing in particular is fairly cheap and nice . 
  travel within europe is somewhat more inconvenient than it used to be couple of years ago . 
  as in , there are more checkpoints and lines at airports . 
  last time i landed in helsinki , it took me almost 20 minutes to get out from the airport , the horror . 
  generally speaking the refugee/terrorism situation is blown ridiculously out of proportion - we 're not collapsing or anything up here , and even our more southerly cousins generally have their acts together . 
  turku is extremely nice town to visit during spring and summer , and fairly vibrant student town during winter as well , although come november you 'll be either sorry that you did n't go to grenoble or madrid , or so wasted that you do n't care . 
  please make yourself a favor and study abroad , it 's a great experience !, 
  the funny thing is that it 's very boorish to talk about money in finland as well . 
  ( for example : i still have no idea how much money my parents were earning . 
  edit : now when i think about this , i 'm not sure how much my wife is earning - we 've talked about this exactly once . ), 
  in a civilised company , this is simply not done , and doing so repeatedly * will * label anyone as a crude materialist . 
  but it 's somewhat accepted that the papers publicise the top earners every year . 
  i support the availability of tax records , but think that papers have gone overboard with it . 
  a small airplane with a group of diplomats from different countries develops engine trouble over the sea . 
  the captain announces that to save the plane , someone must jump off to save the rest . 
  the first to volunteer is the englishman . 
  he shouts `` god save the queen ! '',
