  ( except from med school , where there are some other opportunities for washing out if you do stupid things or do n't work hard enough . ), 
  university students had the option of checking out with a bachelor 's decree even before the bologna process but this was practically unheard of - almost all continued straight to the master 's , and there was n't real separation between bachelor 's and master 's programs . 
  these days it 's mandatory to finish first the bachelor 's decree and then select a master 's program , and it 's becoming more common to switch schools or subjects after bachelor 's . 
  nevertheless , the great majority continue directly to master 's in the same school and in the same subject or general subject area - and only very , very few check out from an university with bachelor 's degree only . 
  this is also because many jobs , most notoriously in the public sector , either explicitly or in practice require master 's degrees as a minimum qualification . 
  the master 's programs , particularly in more sought-after programs , often also require specific prior studies in the subject , so all lawyers first complete a bachelor 's in law and then continue to master 's ( which is required to practice law , aside from notary work ) , and all medical doctors go through 6-year med school with no real break after bachelor 's . 
  if you want to continue to a phd , a master 's degree with good enough grades is usually a requirement ( alongside other requirements ) , but phd admissions are often more flexible than initial university admissions . 
  education at all levels is free . 
  in fact , by law and custom , university lectures are in principle open to all unless there are some specific grounds for limiting entrance . 
  to help with books , living expenses and the such , every citizen and permanent resident is entitled to a monthly stipend ( from august 2017 , 250 euros per month for a maximum of 54 months ) and cheap , state-backed student loan ( 650 euros per month maximum , low interest rates and long repayment times ) , in addition to separate , location-specific and income-dependent rental subsidy that can cover up to 80 % of the rent . 
  on top of that , students also get subsidised meals , some significant discounts and have improved , low-cost healthcare . 
  these apply only up to master 's level though , and phd studies are usually funded by working for the university or through a grant system . 
  weeeeellll ... do n't know how often it 's sung these days but i distinctly remember multiple events where we were singing the `` blue-crossed flag . '', 
  it 's words go something like this : `` our blue-crossed flag ; to you we swear a sacred oath for you to live and die , is our highest and dearest dream . '', 
  this started from first grade and continued until high school at least . 
  folks from turku like to say civilization passed to rest of finland via turku . 
  all the rest counter that too bad they gave all of it away and did n't keep any for themselves . 
  but actually it 's more like that people from tampere have a rivalry with turku , the people from turku do n't care about that but have a rivalry with helsinki , and people from helsinki do n't care about * that . 
  * for hundreds of years turku was the only town even closely meriting the title of a `` city '' in finland , and as noted , it was the capital of finland for the entire period when ~ ~ finland was part of sweden ~ ~ sweden was part of finland , from 1200s to early 1800s . 
  the region around turku was also among the richest in finland so that , too , might have been an issue . 
  depends on the specifics and whether either bystanders or police officers or the suspect seem to be at risk . 
  the goal would be to isolate the suspect so that he has hard time hurting anyone else ( that is , get the bystanders out of the way and police takes cover ) and then talk and wear him down . 
  if that does n't seem feasible , then less than lethal means need to be employed first . 
  these can include tasers and police dogs , and failing that , warning shots and shooting the suspect at legs , if possible . 
  someone holding a gun does n't constitute imminent danger here and does not , as a rule , justify shooting to kill unless there are extremely pressing circumstances ( say , the guy holding a gun has just shot at someone and seems intent on doing so again ) . 
  but aiming a gun at someone could do so , though by no means automatically . 
  ( i 'm not a cop but in the past used to train with them on things including rules of engagement . ), 
  every single time a police officer discharges a weapon outside a firing range , whether less than lethal or a firearm , there will be an investigation . 
  if the circumstances do not clearly exonerate the officer , this can result to charges being filed by the public prosecutor . 
  ( depending on the breaks , these charges can range from dereliction of duty to manslaughter and all the way to murder . 
  attempts count as well , so even if a police officer did n't actually kill anyone , it 's possible s/he could be prosecuted for attempted murder . ), 
  in this case , the court has to find that the officer could not have been reasonably expected to do otherwise or there will be a conviction . 
  nope . 
  finland does n't have an army , finland * is * an army . 
  because almost all the males are or have been soldiers in reserve , everyone knows how silly such worship would be . 
  on the other hand , you might say the ww2 veterans have been worshipped since 1990s . 
  that 's partially a reaction to cold war era when it was a bit undiplomatic to be too openly proud about their exploits , and to 1960s-70s period when young communists even openly mocked the veterans for having fought against the soviet union in the first place . 
  so somewhat out of guilt , we 've since put the surviving vets to a pedestal for the nation to worship . 
  i 'm not that surprised by the results but i 'm concerned whether your new president goes full fascist once in power . 
  the odds for that happening may not be high but they 're higher than i 'd like . 
  i hear the germans are elated , though , because it seems they 'll get the chance to be the good guys in the next world war . 
  the bridge you sell , it 's not in brooklyn by any chance ? 
  there are some ( small ) ships docking upriver from the ferry , and apparently building a high enough bridge so that they could cross under it solely for foot and bicycle traffic would be more expensive than continuing with the ferry . 
  besides , it 's over 100 years old and kind of a landmark in turku . 
  [ here 's a picture . 
  ] ( https://fi.wikipedia.org/wiki/f\u00f6ri#/media/file:f\u00f6ri_3.jpg ) there are multiple bridges starting from maybe 500 meters upriver from where we live though , so we do n't starve even if the ferry is out of commission or ca n't move because of ice . 
  i live in turku , one of the larger cities in finland . 
  used to live in espoo and helsinki ( which are for practical purposes the same city ) for more than ten years . 
  have never owned a car myself . 
  the nearest grocery store is maybe 250 meters away though it 's across the river and i have to take a ferry across  . 
  two others are slightly farther away . 
  city center with department stores and everything else is maybe 1.5 km away . 
  i use a bicycle all the time during summer and sometimes in winter too . 
  i usually work from home , my wife works in an office about 2.5 km from our apartment . 
  i have to visit helsinki almost weekly for work though . 
  it 's a 2-hour trip , either by a bus that has free wifi and charging sockets , or in a train with similar amenities . 
  i usually take the bus as it 's cheaper , and do some work or reading during the trip . 
  if i were driving myself , i 'd just waste four hours every time i have to make the trip ; i think turning the steering wheel is a job for a servant ... 
  in helsinki , the public transport works just fine for my purposes , though usually i just walk from the station . 
  if i 'm in a hurry i take a taxi . 
  my wife actually owns a car - a really nice 1986 corolla - but it 's stored in a garage at her parent 's home , 500 km away , because it would just be too much of a hassle to have it here and we do n't need it . 
  when visiting , we take a train to the nearest city and her parents come to pick us up at the railway station , or we take a taxi . 
  the one change in our travel habits i 've noted as we 've got better paying jobs is that these days we very often use a taxi instead of public transport . 
  i grew up in north-eastern finland and i 'd definitely have to own and use a car if i lived there , but in the three larger cities down south ( helsinki , tampere , turku ) a car is n't really necessary at all . 
  provided you 're okay with living in a slightly smaller apartment in the city . 
  edit : i do n't need to visit a bank since i do all my banking online . 
  ( i actually do n't even know where the turku branch office for my bank is , probably somewhere in the city center . ), 
  ditto for most shopping outside groceries , actually . 
  nearest drug store is in the city center , as is the doctor 's office . 
  i guess so . 
  i 'm thankful of finns of the past who were able to turn this wretchedly poor collection of cold swamps and hard granite , shrouded in semi-eternal darkness , into a fairly nice place to live finland is today . 
  not my doing of course , and i ca n't take any pride personally in that . 
  but i can draw inspiration from them , and try to build on their achievements . 
  just like i can draw inspiration from all other cultures and inspiring figures from all over the world . 
  but finland is my home and the home of all of my ancestors . 
  whenever i get to the wilds of eastern finland , where my family has lived for generations , i feel like i 'm at home . 
  even when alone , i 've never felt afraid in those forests , for i know in my bones it 's home . 
  the older i get the more i understand i 'm a finn through and through , even though i fancy myself as a citizen of the world as well . 
  understanding where one comes from is , in my opinion , crucial to self-awareness . 
  that 's necessary ( though not sufficient ) for having a good self-esteem , and that in turn helps so that i do n't have any need to belittle others . 
  so i 'm a patriot in a positive sense : i 'm for finns , never against anyone . 
  seeing asshat neonazis , bigots and chauvinists tout our national emblems fills me with quiet anger . 
  these are the symbols of freedom both my grandfathers bled for ; these are the emblems i 've proudly carried trying to bring peace and relief to less fortunate places . 
  those jingoists who say `` finland first '' are against the world , and even though they may think they 're for the finns , they only serve to divide our small nation and set us against each other . 
  that is , when they are n't the useful idiots of russian intelligence services and therefore unwitting oath-breakers and traitors . 
  my `` flagwaving '' is limited to having , in my drawer , a very small and rather dirty finnish flag that used to adorn the antenna of one of my platoon 's jeeps , and lighting two candles every independence day . 
  but i 've also sworn solemn oaths to serve the republic of finland and advance the well-being of her residents . 
  i do not swear oaths often but when i do , i do not take them lightly . 
   i thought it was interesting you mentioned scotland being seen as having values closer to the nordic ones because i think there a lot of folk in scotland who really love those values !, 
  can confirm that many people in finland as well - me included - think scots are closer to us , values-wise , than the english ( sorry about the welsh , we do n't really know you :( ) . 
  we like the english people ( and the welsh ) as well , it 's just the scots feel more like long-lost relatives and the english are those folks over the street with whom we might take a drink or two if we happen to be in a same bar and talk about the weather . 
  in that event i suggest we go all in and ditch the dead god those sheepherders invented for a proper religion worth believing in . 
  i 'm sure we can develop a syncretic nordic religion where we can call for perkele for strength yet nevertheless cavort with the gods in valhalla after falling gloriously in combat . 
  i decided between two universities based on the distance from home . 
  i took the one that was farthest away . 
  btw , just found this : translations of german memoranda from meetings between molotov and hitler . 
  see this exchange in particular : http://www.ibiblio.org/pha/nsr/nsr-06.html#18  the f\u00fchrer referred to the remark of molotov during yesterday 's conversation , according to which the german-russian agreement was fulfilled `` with the exception of one point : namely , of finland . '', 
   molotov explained that this remark referred not only to the german-russian agreement itself , but in particular to the secret protocols too . 
   the f\u00fchrer replied that , in the secret protocol , zones of influence and spheres of interest had been designated and distributed between germany and russia . 
  in so far as it had been a question of actually taking possession , germany had lived up to the agreements , which was not quite the case on the russian side .
