  indeed . 
  the societies would likely never accept the tax hikes necessary to make your plan a reality . 
  the end result therefore would be the problem sweden 's having right now : not enough qualified recruits . 
  this may be a very bad thing if russia continues to implode while stoking the fires of nationalism , as they are now doing . 
  that 's why i said this solution may be the least bad available . 
  you also ignore the fact that in most cases , the older folks have also completed their conscription . 
  it 's not their fault they were n't called to fight during their watch . 
  and , quite frankly , having strong enough military to deter adventurism seems to be among the best guarantees nordic countries can now have against ever having to actually fight . 
   finland can resort to pan-finnic policies like in the old days . 
  ehhh ... 
  if you really believe what you 're writing , then might i interest you in these fine bridges in brooklyn and one tower in paris i 'm willing to sell for very low special price only for you ? 
  this is actually something that is regularly measured in finland . 
  there is an annual poll that asks the following question : `` if attacked , should finland fight even if the outcome is uncertain ? '', 
  year after year , some 80 % of all finns answer `` yes , definitely . '', 
  but of those who have completed their military service and thus would be the ones actually fighting , about 90 % say the same . 
  and you have exactly how much military experience to be the judge ? 
  last time finnish conscript reservists were pitted against professional soldiers in exercise cold response 2016 , the finns in general performed better , even though they were in an unfamiliar environment . 
  they were not overwhelmingly better of course , that rarely happens with two well-trained militaries . 
  professional militaries in northern europe , where talented folks have plenty of options and free universities even without military service , generally do n't get as much quality recruits as they 'd need . 
  this shows in actual troop performance , even if the professionals technically have more time to train for their tasks . 
  ( even this is debatable : in the us army for example , a recruit can be shipped off to fight three months after joining up - in the finnish army , the minimum is 5.5 months unless exigencies of wartime absolutely demand otherwise . ), 
  it 's kind of like taxes . 
  few people would want to pay taxes voluntarily , at least not much . 
  but when everyone 's paying , people are happy . 
  i 'm all for civil liberties , but sometimes a society has to choose between suboptimal solutions . 
  for nordic countries with resurgent russia flexing its muscles , conscription may not be a `` good '' solution but it may be the least bad . 
  sorry , no . 
  that there are couple of odd banners in a 20 000-people demonstration where the organizers explicitly wished that political emblems should n't be carried does nothing to put the demonstration , or even the people carrying the banners , on the same level as said nazis . 
  if there is a left-wing organization advocating for programmatic violence and actually carrying out its attacks , please do inform us and the police about it . 
  equating those marching against fascism with fascists because of some small detail is simply a tired old soviet propaganda trick , no matter how many right-wingers and nazi sympathizers who really do n't see a problem with nazi violence try to spout it . 
  no , they are really accurately described as nazis . 
  that 's because they themselves call themselves `` national socialists . '', 
  that they are hooligans as well is not in doubt however . 
  this is also far from the first violent , politically related incident they 've been involved with - they have a history of political violence dating back at least to 2011 . 
  what 's truly puzzling is why the police has n't already investigated and apprehended them under the organized crime act . 
  there is no doubt that their activities fall foul of this act by several counts . 
  there 's also nothing in any law or precedent that states the background of the victim should be a mitigating factor here . 
  it 's not even relevant that the victim ultimately died . 
  the assault itself was political , programmatic violence done on explicit purpose of silencing someone who was using his right to free speech , however imperfectly , to criticize the nazis in public . 
  this is precisely what the svr 's well-publicized playbooks call for for slightest provocation , and it 's this reason , alongside police 's apparent unwillingness to investigate , why anyone in favor of open democracy * should * be appalled that such groups can do violent acts openly in the center of helsinki . 
  unfortunately only in finnish , and it must be said that police and/or intelligence services either has n't been expending much effort to track down the connections , or they remain silent about what they 've found ( which seems more likely , at least when speaking about the otherwise fairly competent intelligence services . ) . 
  but the said nazi movement has strong and open links to a anti-semitist , far right tinfoil hat internet hate publication , and that 's a charitable use of the word , known as magneettimedia . 
  in fact , the nazi now suspected of manslaughter sits in the board of a company that has legal control of the magneettimedia . 
  this publication is strongly linked with another crackpot hate publication , `` mv-lehti , '' and the said nazi group has been granted its private discussion area within the mv-lehti 's forum . 
  this publication 's links to putinism are n't much in doubt ; it 's founder , now trying to evade finnish police in spain , is of russian descent and it actively suppresses any criticism of russia and putin while spouting outrageous crap about anything and everything else . 
  people linked to mv-lehti , and almost certainly some of the members of the said nazi group , have participated in pro-nationalistic events in russia , which in turn have strong connections to putin 's regime . 
  the central nazi `` resistance '' organization in sweden that the finnish branch is subordinated to has recently become more vocal in its support for putin and russia and in its opposition to the west in general ; in finland , due to historical reasons , the far right can not be as open ( as of yet ) in their pro-russian advocacy but they are conspicuously avoiding any public criticism of putin or russia nevertheless . 
  there 's also the general trend of europe 's far right being funded and/or helped from moscow in an attempt to undermine europe ; putting the pieces together results to a picture where its hard to believe there is n't any connection . 
  funny thing here about those pathetic counter-demonstrations ( which drew perhaps 40 people in total ) is that many of the men there have presumably completed their military service . 
  this means they 've sworn an oath to defend the legal government of finland with their life if necessary , and report and oppose any attempts to overthrow it . 
  when someone who has sworn an oath to defend the legal government sympathizes with a nazi organization that explicitly advocates for violent revolution and dissolution of finnish state in favor of nordic nazi state , and which is very likely funded and/or abetted from moscow , it 's not just sad and pathetic . 
  it makes the sympathizers oath-breakers and traitors . 
  double funny points come from the fact that many of those who now aid and abet self-avowed revolutionary nazis are the avid buyers of shirts and paraphernalia celebrating the veterans who fought and died in the second world war to defend the legal , democratic government of finland . 
  some context that 's missing from the article : - the neo-nazi group in question calls itself openly `` national socialist '' and advocates for violent revolution and overthrow of the legal government of finland . 
  calling them nazis is therefore simply an accurate description . 
  - the counter-demonstrations mentioned gathered a total of perhaps 40 people at most , in two separate `` demonstrations '' since our far right can not get along with even themselves . 
  - many of the men , and possibly some women , in those counter-demonstrations have presumably completed their military service and therefore sworn their military oaths to defend the legal government of finland and oppose any attempts to overthrow it . 
  this makes said men not only sad nazi sympathizers but oathbreakers as well . 
  bonus points towards traitorhood come from the very strong suspicion that far right is being funded from russia , and from the known fact that this particular neo-nazi group is being directed from sweden . 
  do n't have that in finland . 
  hey , who 's more likely to ~ ~ put them to good use ~ ~ need them ? 
  they usually are . 
  the punishment is proportional to income . 
  normal folks get hosed down by machine gun , the rich with cannon . 
  the poorest are just run down and crushed under the tracks . 
  i 've said this again , but lavrov must be in pay of nato . 
  he commented to finnish delegation that `` every honest and thoughtful politician knows that russia will never attack a nato member state . '', 
  so far , just about every time he opens his mouth , support for nato in finland ( and sweden ) increases . 
  russian folks , perhaps you should take a look at where lavrov 's getting his paychecks ? 
  the key reason why finland was left alone and that you conveniently left out was that finland took extreme pains to avoid anything that could possibly antagonize the soviets , and maintained a large reservist army that trained regularly to fight the unwinnable fight so that occupying us would have been as costly as possible . 
  even then , there were indications ( for example , during the 1970s ) that the soviets would have welcomed and quite possibly covertly aided extreme leftists ' plans for communist takeover . 
  sure , our lot was much better than the estonians , for example , but those of us who still remember or have read about how e.g. 
  the politics was dominated by the `` eastern card '' and you had to be careful about what you say about russia in public or risk trouble with work have absolutely no interest to going back there . 
  we simply do n't want to end up again in a situation where russia influences not just our foreign policy , but also our economic and even social system . 
  almost every finn would love to be very friendly neighbors with a stable , prosperous and unthreatening russia . 
  unfortunately , current russia is n't any of three , and if any russian ( or anyone else ) thinks the recent actions of russian ruling elite are n't any cause for alarm for other small countries bordering russia , i 'd say he 's deluded or completely out of touch with reality as we understand it here outside putinland . 
  we still want to trade with you guys but invading sovereign nations and the nationalistic turn now sweeping russia tend to make us fairly worried , and i for one think now 's the time to call for some western backup when there 's still time . 
  sometimes stronger fences make for better neighbors !, 
  but not to the u.s. 
  however , there 's a fear that more advanced version of the missile shield could seriously undermine second strike response capabilities of the russian strategic rocket forces . 
  the thinking here goes that u.s. first strike would knock out a huge number of russian missiles and disrupt communications and control arrangements . 
  as a result , the russian counterstrike would probably be what is often called `` ragged response , '' with individual silos launching with little coordination . 
  such uncoordinated piecemeal counterstrikes could very well be much easier to erode seriously , even though some warheads would certainly get through ( and the current missile shield does nothing against submarine-launched missiles for example ) . 
  we know from e.g. 
  bruce blair 's research that the soviet nuclear doctrine was very different from the u.s. one : unlike in the u.s. system , there was no `` big red button '' to push that would start the process and get the missiles flying . 
  instead , soviet nuclear warfighting was supposed to deliver a second strike response after strategic planning by remaining authorities , and the time between soviets suffering first strike and responding might well have been weeks , possibly even months ( e.g. 
  `` typhoon '' class submarines , which were designed to deliver a retaliation up to 12 months after initial nuclear exchange ) . 
  since the russians inherited the soviet system and its components , it 's reasonable to believe that the russian nuclear warfighting doctrine is fairly similar . 
  if this is the case , and if there are no real arrangements for `` launch on warning '' ( that is , launching a counterstrike while u.s. missiles are still flying ) , even a fairly primitive missile shield could seriously erode the second strike capability and hence destabilize the mad balance . 
  however , as far as i know , the current missile shield is not very capable of eroding even a ragged response from russian rocket forces , whose missiles tend to come equipped with decoys and other countermeasures . 
  but the situation could change as technology develops . 
  one little bit more credible fear is that the missiles could in theory be re-equipped with small nuclear warheads and used for rapid first strike , decapitation weapons , that is , for knocking out russian command and control in the early phase of nuclear exchange . 
  flight time from poland for example would be too short for any effective response . 
  granted , there are absolutely no evidence whatsoever that this is even feasible with the missiles currently in use , and submarine-launched missiles could do the same job , but at least it 's a bit better reason than `` missile shield '' that might be able to knock out a primitive missile or two if everything goes well and the opponent has n't invested in decoys . 
  sorry , you 're second in line after the eu funds finland 's long-planned move to the caribbean . 
  would help a lot with our foreign policy issues , not to mention climate !, 
  the next time we need our country destroyed and the best 10 % of it annexed in order to save us , we 're sure to give you guys a call again . 
  this one : http://www.valtakunta.eu/index2.shtml, 
  no worries . 
  as far as i 'm aware , this project tries to illustrate that a german victory would definitely * not * been a good thing for finns in general .
