  one example : we recently had a tv commercial featuring a black woman who clearly had been living in finland since childhood and , again , spoke perfect finnish . 
  when she explained in the commercial that she is a `` finnish woman '' , there were people complaining in the social media that they 'd boycott the firm in question . 
  fortunately , the firm basically said `` we do n't care one bit if you do '' and there were far more expressions of support . 
  thank you for the very kind words , and i at least would be happy if you find what you seek in finland . 
  do note however that there are certain differences in culture and , well , `` national personality '' between us and the americans , particularly ( in my experience ) west-coast americans . 
  i 've heard many complain of feeling socially excluded here , because people rarely talk to them , invite them anywhere , or the like . 
  but that 's how all of us tend to operate : many finns are famously rather introverted and taciturn and respect other 's personal space to almost ridiculous levels sometimes . 
  to outsiders , it apparently often appears as hostility even when absolutely no hostility has been intended , quite the opposite : we often consider it slightly rude to talk to a stranger in a bus for example  . 
  the upside is that finns are generally noted for being genuine when they actually say something - if someone says `` let 's go for a beer someday '' or `` i 'd love if you could visit us someday '' s/he actually means it , instead of exchanging pleasantries and vague sort-of promises . 
  i 've heard from foreign-born finnish residents that finland is introvert 's paradise , and i can understand why . 
  if you are more extroverted , particularly by west coast standards , you might very well have some problems fitting in . 
  so there 's also sweden , denmark , iceland and norway to consider . 
  these all have at least somewhat more extroverted culture ( apparently , iceland and denmark are the best in this regard ) and as an added bonus , their languages are very much easier to learn for an english-speaker . 
  in many respects , sweden is even more progressive than finland , but in my opinion , the polarization has gone further there ( lots of vocal anti-racists , but sadly also plenty of active racists and growing tensions between native swedes and immigrants ) and i fear an eventual backlash against immigrants . 
  i hope i 'm wrong though . 
  as the other folks here have said , do travel !, 
  spend a couple of weeks in each country you 're thinking about - i can almost guarantee they 'll be fun and educational trips nevertheless , even if you ultimately decide it 's better to stay where you are now . 
  with your background , i 'd also suggest you to get in touch with nordic startup scene , and see whether you can perhaps do a project with someone , even without moving here . 
  ( there 's plenty of nordic entrepreneurs in san francisco area for example . ), 
  that will probably teach you many things about us that traveling may miss  . 
  with luck , you 'll land a job here , and that 's probably the least painful way to change a country . 
  also remember that there 's no reason you need to burn the bridges behind you all at once - try living and working in europe , and if it 's not for you , you can always return . 
  i know , for example , that the weather and darkness in nordics can dishearten many hopefuls who have been accustomed to more sunny climes ... both me and my partner have hard time keeping our spirits up during winter and we both have well over 30 years of experience !, 
  again , getting a job in an european or nordic firm will be one of the easiest ways to try out being an expatriate . 
  whatever you decide in the end , i 'm fairly sure you wo n't regret the experience . 
  i at least consider my times working abroad as some of the most educational and interesting experiences i 've had . 
  oh , and one more thing , although it may not be applicable to you : if you are male and gain finnish citizenship before turning 29 ( i believe , best to check in advance if this might be a concern ) , you will be liable to complete between 5.5 to 11.5 months ( + possible refresher exercises later ) of military training , and be prepared to be called up to fight if the russians want a rematch of the last war . 
  the upside , though , is that it 's another thing most finns respect , particularly in a foreigner . 
  though this probably will not apply to you since citizenship requires five years ' residency at minimum ... 
   at first glance , this sounds worse than my current situation , which is extremely depressing . 
  an important point is that `` racist '' is n't exactly a binary trait . 
  you 're not either a `` racist '' or a `` non-racist '' . 
  actions have to be taken on their own merit , regardless of who does them . 
  what manner of remarks would i get ? 
  a playful jibe is quite different from being screamed at as a `` sand nigger '' , though in many ways , i 'd prefer the latter to being implicitly shut out of social situations . 
  at least i 'd know where i stood . 
  yeah , that 's an important point . 
  i 'm probably not the one you should really listen here because i 'm a white finn , and i ca n't really tell you what it would be like in here for you . 
  but my educated guess is that outside the cheapest pubs in the suburbs ( which can be an `` experience '' even to a native ) , any openly hostile remarks would most probably be restricted to drunks yelling or muttering something half-comprehensible ( even to native finnish speaker ) . 
  however , there would be some hidden undercurrents that might sometimes affect you negatively , or they might not . 
  it would probably not be outright social exclusion , but more like people being more suspicious of you because of your skin color . 
  one * extremely important * point , though , that applies in finland at least and probably elsewhere too : all these difficulties and prejudices are greatly magnified if you ca n't speak the local language . 
  this is , in my opinion , the biggest single reason for exclusion of foreigners in the circles i frequent at least - not because people * want * to exclude them , but because non-speakers ca n't always participate fully in the society . 
  i also have a strong belief that almost all finns , with the exception of the most irredeemable racists ( and fortunately , these are still very rare ) , appreciate very much - and are in fact impressed by - anyone who 's willing to share our weather , pull his or her own weight , and learn the language , at least to some level . 
  ( we understand it can be horribly difficult for outsiders . 
  well , but at least you guys have better neighbors !, 
  seems like you might like the nordic countries , or the netherlands , which is a kind of honorary nordic country anyway  . 
  me and my partner are left-liberal finns , and we feel that we 'd have difficulties living in france or germany due to certain oldfashionism - like attitudes towards sexual harassment - that still seem to be prevalent in these places , at least if our own experiences are anything to go by . 
  but the thing you need to understand is that the differences between cities and countryside within same country are almost certainly larger than differences between big cities across the world . 
  we too have our share of racists ; the good thing is that they usually do n't venture to cities ( or from suburbs to city center ) that often . 
  i can almost guarantee however that you 'd hear some remarks about your looks occasionally :( . 
  for what it 's worth , at least in finland the issue of racism seems to be polarizing people . 
  the overwhelming majority frowns upon racism , but we are still learning about how we should deal with it - for example , how to behave when someone ( usually , drunk ) starts to spout racist bullshit in public . 
  on the other hand , the rightwingers ' flirtation with more or less open racism seems to be encouraging others to join suit , and this concerns me somewhat . 
  not so much because it presents a genuine security threat ( although that too may become a concern ) , but because such fissures threaten to undermine the social contract of our social-democratic society . 
  many finns consider the dutch as honorary scandinavians . 
  as we 're not scandinavians but nordics , you may interpret that the way you wish  . 
  ( we have a similar rivalry with sweden . 
  rays of happiness penetrate our benighted existence and interrupt our axe-grinding every time we beat sweden on anything . ), 
  finland here . 
  generally the public system is very good and inexpensive : for example , the last time i needed a doctor i phoned the clinic at about 8:30 in the morning . 
  the automated system took my call and a nurse phoned me back some 30 minutes later , and scheduled an appointment for 10:30 ( which was the earliest i could make it to the clinic ) . 
  the doctor even proactively changed my medication to a newer , cheaper ones , and i paid 18 $ for the visit . 
  there 's also a cost cap , i think at about 650 $ per year : if your medical bills exceed that , then the state covers the rest . 
  over the last three years , i 've needed doctor 's help on various issues fairly repeatedly , and even though i initially took the private clinic ( i used to have an insurance that covered the costs as a perk ) , i soon noticed that the public system is even easier and a lot cheaper . 
  generally speaking , the quality of care in public medical care ranges from good to excellent : for example , practically all of the most difficult surgical operations are done in public hospitals . 
  private clinics do offer more amenities and luxuries and are more prone to do treatments based on what the patient wants rather than what the doctor thinks s/he needs , but unless you absolutely must have a private room there 's little point in going to a private hospital . 
  the problems with the system have more to do with waiting times during rush hours , and the funding structure we have now in place . 
  public health care is usually actually cheaper for the economy than privatized ones ( as a nation and on per capita basis , we spend less on health than the u.s. yet the health outcomes are better ) , but the current funding system we have is outdated and sometimes creates perverse incentives for a ) municipal clinics to offload expensive-to-treat patients to regional hospitals , causing unnecessary costs , and b ) private clinics to skim the market by providing easy and profitable no-wait services and the like , while offloading more difficult cases to the public system . 
  for the last decade , there 's been much talk about how to overhaul the system : the theoretically best solution is fairly clear , but politics tends to get in the way . 
  if i were a reformer , i 'd note that funding system and structure matters a lot in public healthcare , and take a fairly close look at the swedish model . 
  they seem to have most of the things fairly well thought of . 
  yeah . 
  there 's this story , do n't know whether it 's true , about bygone days when the soviet union was still a thing . 
  the soviet premier was visiting finland in early autumn . 
  our president at the time , kekkonen , was an outdoors person and the meeting was to take place in a forest retreat of his . 
  on the way there , the convoy passed numerous men in red jackets and with rifles clustering here and there . 
  the soviet premier asked what these men were , security ? 
  `` they are just hunters ; the elk hunting season has just begun . '', 
  `` i see . 
  how many hunters there are in finland ? '', 
  `` about 300 000 . '', 
  the soviets , having had some experience with finnish riflemen couple decades earlier , had a hushed conference , and the premier announced that finland should really take steps to limit hunting . 
  kekkonen replied , `` i would n't want 300 000 men with rifles to gather in front of the presidential residence . 
  would you ? '', 
  and that was that . 
  i 've never really , i mean * really * , understood the u.s. aversion to taxation . 
  okay , i get it that you guys do n't trust the government to spend the money wisely . 
  but i just think that life in general is very much better when the society is stronger , and i 'm happy to pay higher taxes that this requires . 
  to me , it seems the american folks are obsessed with the rat race , with things like getting and keeping a job , having health benefits or insurance , having money in case of emergencies , and the like . 
  i really do n't worry too much about anything else than whether i can get a job i really like . 
  right now i 'm doing a phd in a good university . 
  studying is completely free , and up until i completed my m.sc. , i got a monthly stipend of some 450 euros from the state , in addition to having access to cheap student apartments and subsidized cafeteria lunches . 
  i was also eligible for a subsidized student loans had i needed more money . 
  if i have to spend some time unemployed , i can count to at least some hundreds of euros per month for as long as i do n't have a job . 
  and i know that even criminals get the same handouts , so they have that much less incentive to rob me . 
  the last time i had to see a doctor i paid a whopping 18 euros for the privilege ; sometimes there might be lines in the clinic but i called in the morning and was at the doctor 's office at 10.30 . 
  he was very good and even proactively changed my medication from an earlier recipe to a newer , far less expensive one , so i got the meds i needed for about 3 months for 31 euros . 
  i 'm not very wealthy but i have everything i need and quite honestly can not really think what i would do with more money , besides spending it frivolously . 
  i live in a really nice apartment about 1.5 kilometers from city center , do n't even want a car as public transport works nicely , and almost certainly could pass out in the city for a night and wake up in the morning with my life and my possessions intact .
