  the employer says the position has been filled , and then advertises later again the same position , or where a person with clearly inferior record has been hired , it 's very different , and a case like that might be very worthwhile of taking into court . 
  a piece of advice my friend felt necessary adding , though , is that you nevertheless need to consider what consequences a court case might have for you personally , even if you win . 
  discriminating against whistle-blowers is also illegal but unfortunately that too happens , and sadly , in some fields having a reputation for being difficult can also influence your future . 
  that sucks and is illegal , but as my friend said , lawyers have a duty of advising others about what they see as possible consequences of their actions , even if the lawyers feel such consequences really should n't come to pass . 
  that 's a catch 22 for sure :( . 
  i really hope your fortunes turn for the better , and i 'll ask around for more advice and report if i find something . 
  the new * yhdenvertaisuuslaki * ( since 2014 ) actually requires the employer to also provide evidence that illegal discrimination did n't happen . 
  there are already court cases won because there has been reason to believe that discrimination has been a factor , and the employer has n't been able to prove otherwise . 
  one more thing : do you belong to a labor union ? 
  union members should get help with legal issues like discrimination from the union lawyer , who are well versed in labor law . 
  having an union lawyer represent you also reduces risk of having to pay for the whole cost of court proceedings in case you lose , so joining an union is highly recommended for anyone who might ever need legal help at the workplace . . 
  and do n't put your picture into application . 
  getting a positive reply for an application , only to be rejected once they see you , seems to be a fairly strong reason for the court to believe you . 
  ty\u00f6suojelu might or might not be helpful in these matters - they usually are n't lawyers and might not even know the extent of the anti-discrimination law , which is fairly new in any case . 
  a lawyer should know . 
  if an employer advertises a job , you apply but are rejected with an excuse that the place is n't open any longer ( etc. 
  ) , but the employer later advertises the same position , the case seems quite solid . 
  document everything , from your initial contact to employer 's responses . 
  particularly ( but not only ) if you can show the same place being advertised again later - even if anonymously - go talk to an actual labor issues lawyer , preferably one who has experience with workplace discrimination cases . 
  `` syrjint\u00e4 lakimies '' to find lawyers who specialise in cases like these , and also for prior cases that have resulted to convictions . 
  remember that you do n't have to prove beyond all doubt that you 've been discriminated because of your looks etc. 
  if there 's reason to believe that you might have been discriminated against , the employer also has to prove that discrimination did n't happen . 
  it 's hard to prove but have you actually talked to a labor lawyer ? 
  i know one and will ask for advice and suggestions . 
  i 'm really sorry for you . 
  unfortunately , a lot of finns are still racists and discrimination you describe does occur . 
  recording your experiences is actually one quite plausible strategy . 
  racial discrimination in employment is illegal , and if you can prove to the court 's satisfaction that it happened to you , the putative employer is liable for compensation . 
  a detailed record of what has been said and done ( e.g. , what applications you 've sent , what 's the response before and after they 've seen your face ) will be necessary to build a solid case . 
  if you think you can build such a case , i 'd say go for it - i have absolutely no sympathy for people or businesses that operate the way you describe , they deserve to be hauled to the court and fined mightily . 
  the same goes for racist slurs - slander ( * kunnianloukkaus * ) is a crime , and at least technically the bar required to convict someone is not that high . 
  there is at least one case where calling someone else crazy has resulted to a conviction . 
  sadly , i fear racist slurs are given a bit more leeway in practice though . 
  furthermore , if you think you can handle the inevitable publicity , i think our society needs more wake-up calls to the reality , particularly given the rise of right-wing bozos who claim there 's no racism or discrimination problems whatsoever . 
  if you decide to record , under finnish law , you have the right to record all conversations you take part in , even without notifying others that you are recording , but * publishing * the conversations is a different matter and may at least technically constitute a breach of privacy . 
  and you can not legally eavesdrop conversations you do n't take part in , so it 's safest to record only when someone is actually talking with you . 
  among the more educated , it 's totally normal these days . 
  those who absolutely insist on buying everything new and never using second-hand shops are already seen as a bit uncultured . 
  it 's still somewhat hard to find good men 's clothes , and many people buy almost everything new because they do n't have time to scrounge - but even they almost always say that they 'd love to find good used clothes . 
  he was proud to have been a farmer and a forester ( he bought an old farm after the war and expanded it quite a bit ) and did n't like that something he had to do decades ago somehow defined him better than what he actually liked doing for the vast majority of his life . 
  i did n't even know he had any military medals before seeing them at the funeral - he never mentioned them , and the medals at the funeral were dirty with pieces missing . 
  but the farmer 's society gold medal certificate had been framed and been hanging in the living room for as long as i can remember . 
  i can relate , i have an official `` veteran '' status these days because of something i did when i was under 25 , and would hate if that 's how i was remembered when old . 
  both grandfathers fought in the continuation war ( 1941-44 ) . 
  both were wounded . 
  several great-uncles , being older , fought in the winter war as well ; two of them died on a same day , defending a small island to the last man . 
  one grandfather died when i was fairly young , and i never heard him tell anything about the wars . 
  the other talked about it twice : when i was leaving to a peacekeeping mission , he told me to remember to aim for where the belt would be - that would do anyone . 
  ( i replied that i 'd keep that in mind . ), 
  then , years later , he once mentioned out of the blue that he had been an invited guest in a screening of a finnish film about tali-ihantala , the decisive battle in the continuation war , where the soviet onslaught was stopped in 1944 : he just said the movie was fine but one thing it simply could n't reproduce was the sheer intensity of sound of that battlefield . 
  ( apparently , the battle was audible over 250 kilometers away . ), 
  in his funeral , an uncle told the guests that in the aforementioned battle , grandfather had been the sole survivor of his mortar squad - a soviet stormovik scored a direct hit with a bomb and obliterated their firing position , but grandfather `` only '' got some 250 grams of steel into his shoulders . 
  apparently , that had been the reason why he was an extremely positive person - minor problems later in life did n't faze him at all . 
  there was also a list of his decorations at the funeral . 
  turned out that gramps had quite a collection of medals , but he had lost most of them since the only public recommendation he had valued in his life ( and the only one he ever displayed when alive ) had been a gold medal of the local farming society - i remember him saying that he did n't much appreciate how the society talked about him as a `` veteran '' , as he was in the army only for a few years in his youth , but he had been a farmer and a forester for almost five decades !, 
  luck of the draw mostly . 
  some countries were hit harder by the great depression , and autocratic or straight up fascist movements were stronger ( relative to their opponents ) in some countries than others . 
  and if you look at the map , you can see that countries closer to the soviet union were more likely to go fascist . 
  this was n't a coincidence : in the 1930s , * many * quite reasonable people , particularly in eastern europe , believed that the choice was between fascism and communism . 
  as powerful interest groups like wealthy industrialists and landowners generally liked fascists a bit more than communists ( fascists usually let them continue to own their companies and lands , provided that they toed the party line , while communists would have nationalised their wealth and most probably shot the owners as enemies of the people ) , fascism had a powerful in-country ally the communists generally did n't have . 
  as others have noted , it also mattered a great deal whether the democratic and civic traditions had been rooted deep or not at all . 
  quite probably a major factor in finland avoiding a fascist government was that the civil service and other governmental institutions had been built up since mid-1800s , universal suffrage had been granted in 1906 , and by 1930s , the state institutions in general were fairly respected . 
  nevertheless , there was a coup attempt even in finland in 1932 , but a decisive action by the government ( headed by a president the fascist movement considered one of their own ) demoralised the would-be revolutionaries . 
  when they heard the president speak on radio that he would continue to defend the legal order and under no circumstances allow it to be changed by extralegal means , they knew the jig was up . 
  he also reminded the paramilitary civil guardsmen , who formed the core of the attempted rebellion , that they were breaking the oaths they had sworn , to defend the legal government as long as they lived . 
  this caused most of the assembled revolutionaries to disperse , as they had been promised by the ringleaders that the president would quietly support the plot . 
  the thing that always cracks me up is that the fascists had previously been able to make the parliament enact stringent laws against `` treasonous '' activities . 
  these laws were originally intended to be a weapon for suppressing the remnants of the finnish communist party , but after the attempted coup , they were promptly turned against the fascists themselves . 
  oh , and the newspaper `` tapa kommunist '' was hilarious . 
  :d ( for non-ugric speakers : tapa is a town in estonia , but it also means `` kill '' . 
  allegedly , `` tapa kommunist '' was the official newspaper of the tapa town 's section of the communist party . ), 
  very likely , although i never heard that one  . 
  the people knew fairly well how things were in the east . 
  for political reasons , the problems in the soviet system were not talked about openly in the public , but the subtext was very clear to anyone but hardline communists and some fellow-travelers . 
  these existed , and in the 1970s there was a fairly influential communist student movement , but disillusionment seemed to set in by 1980s at the latest . 
  a lot of finns visited the soviet union after it became possible in the 1960s , and in the 1970s and 1980s finnish firms even worked there ( in construction , especially ) , so by 1980s almost everyone knew someone who 'd seen first hand how different the life there was . 
  and we did n't really like the russians , so it 's no wonder that the soviet life was a butt of so many jokes . 
  ( in finnish , `` to russkie '' something means , basically , `` to fuck up totally '' ) i visited the soviet union twice as a kid , vyborg and tallinn , and although my memories are a bit hazy , the one thing i recall was how very gray , dilapidated and shoddy everything was , and how empty most of the shops seemed . 
  ( i recall the hard currency shops too - the chocolate was strange but okay . ), 
  the adults were told that our conversations would probably be eavesdropped by the kgb , and that they should try to stay out from trouble if someone proposed to exchange currency unofficially , for example . 
  i recall my mom saying in tallinn something like how she now had much more respect for my granddad , who had spent several years of his youth in the frontlines to prevent the russians russkying finland the way they 'd done to estonia . 
  i kind of hope the kgb picked up that . 
  the finnish criminal code still begins with the following preamble ( my translation ) :  `` we alexander the third , by grace of god , the emperor and despot of the whole russian nation , the czar of poland , grand duke of finland , etc. , etc. , etc. , shall make it known : from the humble proposition of the estates of the finnish land we shall , in our mercy , confirm the following criminal code for the grand duchy of finland . '', 
  particular sections of the criminal code have been rewritten though  . 
  yes , at fourth and fifth grades we had to find and pick a quota of cowberries from the forest ( this was in early 1990s ) . 
  i guess it was something like a litre per child , which was pretty easy . 
  they were used by the school cook for cowberry `` mousse '' - delicious !, 
  failure to begin meaningful climate action . 
  what we have now is total joke , with 5 % progress and 95 % pr and hot air . 
  rise of proto-fascists and breakup of the eu project are also threats , but the latter mostly because there is a predatory great power in the east . 
  and they are not _ existential _ threats to human civilization in a way climate change is . 
  i 'd probably just call it `` kuukyl\u00e4 . '', 
  russians are quite nice folks until they have imbibed too much `` russia stronk '' . 
  they just happen to do that too much and tolerate tin-pot dictators that promise to make russia stronk again , even if it risks a general european war . 
  perhaps . 
  but i 'll bet my left butt cheek that all the alternatives will be more or less nato with slight tweaks . 
  well , all the alternatives that bear thinking about . 
  there are other possibilities , but they are not pleasant for us . 
  `` special offer , only for you '' ? 
  nothing meaningful will happen with eu defence .
