this is n't a bad idea . 
  iodine pills are cheap and extremely effective at reducing or almost eliminating harmful effects from almost any conceivable civilian nuclear accident , provided they are taken at a right time . 
  chernobyl , for example , very likely would n't have caused any health effects that would have been detectable in medical statistics if the population had been issued iodine pills in time . 
  do n't believe me or any other random internet stranger , look it up yourself from united nations reports ( unscear , who ) or from independent international committee for radiation protection ( icrp ) . 
  just remember , if there ever is a situation where you contemplate whether to take iodine pills : wait until actual experts say it 's time to take the pills . 
  taken too early or too late , they are ineffective . 
  so if you listen to internet scaremongers and start munching iodine pills the moment you hear there 's been some trouble at a nuclear power plant , you 're putting yourself at risk . 
  reddit is probably a bad representation , yes , but this is a very tricky question to poll , as the answer depends very much on how the question is phrased . 
  finns are fairly skeptical of nato - mostly because we doubt the great powers would actually help us if it came to that , and because russia is an important trading partner - but if the question is phrased `` do you support nato membership if finnish government considers it to be in the interests of finland , '' the support goes to about 50 % or even more . 
  we are generally fairly trusting ( rightly or wrongly ) about our government 's handling of foreign affairs , and if they say it 's time to join , i think most of the opposition would evaporate . 
  probably the most obvious is that since early 1960s , sweden has been under us nuclear umbrella and in time of war against the soviet block , would have practically joined nato command structure . 
  us and probably british bombers would have used swedish airfields to recover , refuel and possibly even rearm with nuclear weapons , while the sand-bottomed areas of the north sea outside gothenburg would have been used by us ballistic missile submarines to launch their missiles . 
  these top-secret security guarantees were signed in part as a deal to stop sweden from building its own nuclear weapons , and were revealed in the early 2000s if i recall correctly . 
  actually , i think i understand , and you 're not kidding . 
  it 's a damn shame there is genuine russophobia around . 
  but on the other hand , i can also understand why that might be so . 
  it 's only now that many western europeans are able to talk to germans without slandering them at every opportunity , and , well , even though the nazis were more evil in general , for millions in the eastern europe , the soviet and russian rule caused objectively more suffering and hardship for decades . 
  i would be very surprised if that did n't affect how people think about the russians , after all , the germans were so loathed for couple decades after the war it 's hard to imagine . 
  give us a couple of decades without this 20th-century `` russia stronk ! '', 
  bullying now emanating from the kremlinbots , and the past is forgotten and we can all be good friends , da ? 
  like i said , i know plenty of russians and find very little hateful in them , taken individually . 
  ( with the exception of when it 's ice hockey time . ), 
  by the way , both my grandfathers were wounded fighting against your guys and one of them lost all of his friends in the war as well . 
  neither hated any russians , only felt sorry for having to kill them and for them having `` leaders '' that did n't care the least about whether they died or not . 
  seems things have n't changed much in that regard , and that is most unfortunate :( . 
  sorry , nothing in english . 
  there must be something but these are things that seem to be rarely pondered in open english literature . 
  glory , national glory in particular , is hollow comfort at best and some of the worst excesses of humanity have been committed in pursuit of it . 
  i 've seen the balkans after the wars to the extent that i have very little illusions about what war does to people and to nations , and have absolutely no wish whatsoever to see anything similar happen here . 
  i really hope things down there are nowadays better than what they were around the turn of the century , when i spent some time there !, 
  precisely because i 'm not interested in glory or empty nationalism , i wrote only what is a fact : we , with some help from the germans , stopped the soviet attacks before they reached their goals in 1939-40 and in 1944 . 
  we did not `` win '' the wars in either case , particularly not if victory is defined as the victor imposing its will on the vanquished , or at least emerging unscathed from the fight . 
  but we `` won '' in a sense a small nation can win against a huge adversary : we prevented it from freely imposing its will upon us . 
  you are also absolutely correct in your suspicions : the soviets indeed had flexible aims , and that was the key reason our struggle had any meaning . 
  if the soviets had been hell-bent on subjugating finland , we would have been subjugated . 
  no question about it . 
  similarly , if putin or some other leader of russia wants to conquer finland , he can do so . 
  there will be blood , but he will succeed if that 's what he really wants . 
  ( of course , i do n't believe for a second he really wants that . ), 
  but last time around , we put up sufficiently good fight that the kremlin decided there are better ways to spend blood and material . 
  in 1944 , once the soviet assault had been fought to standstill and the participating armies mauled , the original target of the soviet thrust - kymi river basin , which would have opened the gates to helsinki and heartlands of finland - was abandoned , and reinforcements intended to exploit breakthrough in the finnish lines were sent against the germans . 
  and the fight was apparently sufficiently good that molotov and krutchev , among others , concluded that occupying finland after the war ( when it would have been easy ) would only result to soviet union gaining a `` bleeding pustule '' of little worth compared to blood and material the occupation would drain . 
  as for just how hard the fight was , well , there are many reminiscences . 
  but one thing that stuck with me the most was what i heard at my grandfather 's funeral : after ihantala , not one of his pre-war or army friends remained in the land of the living . 
  i 'm sure you do n't . 
  yeah , well . 
  it 's that china and us are n't issuing warnings for us about what policies we should follow - warnings that tend to imply they end with `` or else '' - nor i hear from canada or mexico at least that they 're considering reforming the warsaw pact to protect themselves against us aggression . 
  the russian military is not as strong as some people believe , but they 're not a trivial force either . 
  in some respects , they seem to have their act very well together - for example , in the use of rocket launcher batteries with uavs . 
   can you explain why ? 
  assuming that finland will stay neutral in case of war in baltic , why will russians want to start new war which will require hundreds of thousands of soldiers and thousands of equipment ? 
  the northern shore of gulf of finland is uncomfortably close to estonia , and finland would make a great staging area for air units in particular supporting nato reconquest of baltic countries . 
  furthermore , taking control of \u00c5land islands would greatly help the russians for preventing nato reinforcements reaching the baltics or finland . 
  finland has strong ties to estonia in particular , we are both eu members , and putin 's men have already practically said outright that they do not consider that finland could remain neutral in such a conflict . 
  they may very well be right . 
  so , in order to prevent finland forming a dangerous staging area for hostile forces , putin 's military is almost certainly planning a lightning takeover of parts of finland as well , should they have to go toe to toe with nato . 
  they would have to act rapidly , because negotiating for the use of territory or finnish neutrality would almost certainly signal even to the most thick-witted of finnish politician ( and we have plenty of those ) that now 's the time to sound the horn for general mobilization . 
  once that 's completed , attempts to take over finnish territory would indeed most probably result to bloodbath on both sides . 
  however , a lightning strike could , under some circumstances , succeed in establishing strong enough positions before finnish defence forces generate enough strength to prevent it , or dislodge the attackers without heavy casualties . 
  or , at least , putin & co might * believe * it might . 
  that 's the gist of the problem : what putin and russians believe , not what is objectively `` true '' in any sense . 
  we know they , for example , discount much of the finnish defence forces , whereas those of us who have been more involved with the said institution are actually fairly confident of our ability to do our part . 
  in many ways , our forces are currently better equipped and trained than at any time since 1944 ; but it does n't matter , unless russian leadership believes it as well . 
  edit : more . 
    putin 's military has also practiced this very operation in exercises in the karelian region bordering finland , where the stated objective of the exercise was `` securing the neutrality of a close neighboring country . '', 
   this is what military should do , prepare for war . 
  true enough , but the last time such exercises were held was in the 1980s . 
  that such exercises begin again now and continue , after the events in georgia and ukraine , is what 's disconcerting here . 
  there has also been a buildup of russian military forces in northern areas , with one full brigade of first-line troops activated near the finnish border , more equipment coming to leningrad military district , etc. 
  taken individually , these are not threatening ; taken together , with statements like the one that started this thread , and with increasingly hostile rhetoric in russian press , it is more ominous . 
  i 'm very happy with that . 
  in a fight against a foe 40 times your size , outright victory is not an option . 
  we know full well that we never could and never will be able to `` win '' a war against russia . 
  but for our purposes , coming close second may be good enough , and we define victory far more pragmatically : can we retain our independence and way of life even when it is threatened ? 
  the answer , both in 1940 and 1944 , was `` yes . '', 
  now i know that plenty of people claim that the soviet union never sought to annex finland or impose a communist government here . 
  unfortunately , these claims fare rather badly against a mount of both direct and circumstantial evidence . 
  for the former period , events in late 1940 and early 1941 - after the peace of moscow was signed but before the operation barbarossa began - provide very strong , albeit of course circumstantial , evidence that the soviet union was seeking to finish what it had started , and either annex finland outright or switch it to communist government ( and then probably annex us ) . 
  the pressure against finnish government was intense at the time , military maneuvers took place along the border ( and very nearly precipitated a general mobilization in finland ) , and there are fairly credible claims that molotov asked hitler for permission to `` finish '' finland during 1940 . 
  for 1944 , we even have written proof that the general attack that was ultimately stopped at tali and ihantala sought to practically annex finland if possible , although the soviets had to satisfy themselves with the secondary goal of knocking finland out from the war . 
  on 22nd june 1944 , when the attack was underway and proceeding well , the soviet foreign ministry sent its embassies copies of the proposed `` peace treaty '' between finland and the soviet union . 
  that treaty amounted to unconditional surrender and included clauses like ceding total control of all economic activities , printing presses , and even dance halls and other places of public gatherings to soviet personnel . 
  in short , it was very much similar to the treaties many other eastern european governments were forced to sign , once soviet troops had occupied their countries . 
  copies of these documents exist ( some were even captured by finns ) , and historians who have been able to do research in the kremlin archives say they are genuine - and reflect genuine soviet thoughts at the time . 
  i think it should be absolutely clear to any thinking person that had finland been forced to sign these documents , our lot would have been no better than that of hungary , say , and quite possibly the same as that of the baltics . 
  it was only after the soviet assault was halted about two weeks later - with some help from the germans , most importantly modern anti-tank weapons and a detachment from luftwaffe - and the front stabilized , when the peace negotiations began , from a completely different starting point . 
  the demands were still onerous , but no longer amounted to unconditional surrender . 
  finland had to take heed of soviet demands ( not that there was much doubt about that at any point ) , but was free to arrange her own affairs . 
  you are free to disagree if you wish , but i have very little doubt that `` the miracle at ihantala '' ( and subsequent victories in wilderness east of ilomantsi ) went a long way towards saving finland . 
  even since long before the second world war , the mission of the finnish defence forces has been extremely clear : to provide a deterrent that makes our total subjugation too expensive to attempt . 
  we never have and never will dream of `` victories '' in the sense great powers might do ; for us , victory means things like freedom to decide our affairs and lack of cattle cars driving our intelligensija to siberia or worse . 
  in this , very relevant sense , we won ; and i suggest making just about any comparison between once communist eastern european countries and finland if you are in doubt . 
  i mentioned this in the post , but to make this very clear : the greatest threat to finland right now comes from russia stirring up shit in the baltics . 
  i 'm enough a military man myself to understand some of the issues , and officers i trust have elaborated on this more , but the basic problem is that current russian doctrine and equipment practically requires them to `` secure '' the northern flank of their operation should they try any serious military maneuvers in baltic countries . 
  that northern flank includes our capital helsinki and 1/5th of our population , not to mention being our economic , political and social heartland . 
  putin 's military has also practiced this very operation in exercises in the karelian region bordering finland , where the stated objective of the exercise was `` securing the neutrality of a close neighboring country . '', 
  so this is not mere theoretical fearmongering , but a very credible threat should situation in the baltics deteriorate at some point . 
  as you noted , the baltics have substantial russian minorities , and putin 's government has already been fairly active in mischief-making there . 
  there is also a risk of finland being left out of nato and being used for a military adventure designed to distract russian attention from domestic woes . 
  for the last several years , the tone of voice in russian press discussing finland has been hardening ominously , with certifiable crackpots and putin 's stooges like johan b\u00e4ckman ( a finn who 's almost hilariously pro-putin , is employed by a think tank known to spout pro-putin propaganda , speaks russian fluently , and appears fairly often in russian press as a finnish `` expert '' ) being given umcomfortable amounts of credit .
