  but in finland , it 's a fairly * popular * form of taxation . 
  unfortunately , unless opponents to conscription can come up with a convincing plan about how to collect that extra billion euros and earmark it for the military budget , these plans would amount to us going through the same mistake the swedes are now trying to correct . 
  here 's the problem : do you really think it would be possible to push for tax hikes to collect that ~ billion euros more * and * pour it to military ? 
  if not , the end result of your nice professional army would be a professional army with more or less * current * budget . 
  the swedes tried that , but with significantly larger budget to start with and smaller responsibilities , and we 're nevertheless now having this discussion . 
  because with our recruitment base and the carrots available for enlistment ( small pay and practically nothing else , unlike in the u.s. where you get , say , college money ) we most likely could n't get the people we need . 
  edit : another thing - ukraine is n't nearly comparable to our situation . 
  while mobilizing the full complement of 230 000 men will take some days - how long exactly , i would n't be telling here even if i knew - we already have the capability to call up reservists on the same day they 're needed . 
  and this does n't need approval from the politicians , it 's a decision the chief of defense forces can make on his own . 
  ahh , the good old times when sweden was still part of finland and we were doing those european tours together , partying like it was 1699 !, 
  a friend told me once about a conversation he heard when his unit was preparing to depart for exercise in poland , a first for a modern finnish unit . 
  one officer summarized the situation as `` it 's great to get back to poland again ... almost like in the 1700s . '', 
  the actual professionals who we pay to think and wargame these scenarios are about 95 % convinced professional army would n't work for us as long as russia remains a potential threat . 
  the professional army simply would be too small ; no matter how good the individual units were - and they likely would n't be * that * much better than what we have now , for a variety of reasons . 
  what we need however is more professionals and semi-professionals that can be mobilized at very short notice . 
  but we still need the large reserve , and conscription is actually likely to be the cheapest way of providing it . 
   and karelia is a great place , no doubt you think so since you compare it to russia proper . 
  i compare it to finland and the rest of the nordics . 
   you just do n't know nothing about it and are spreading steorotypes and prejudice online . 
  been there several times . 
  honestly , you can keep it . 
  have n't got the slightest desire for us to pay what it would cost to bring even to the level of estonia . 
  look , i have nothing against russia or russians as such . 
  i know plenty russians and we have great time together . 
  i 'd very much like to have friendly relations and i 'm not that happy that we have to spend more and more on military . 
  but you guys seem to become more delusional every day and you are being led by a crook who 's fanning expansionist ideology and nationalistic sentiments ( not to mention outright lies ) to stay in power while your banana republic economy is heading downhill as the price of oil plunges . 
  at the same time , you refuse to admit there may be anything wrong in * anything * russia has ever done . 
  that 's the combination that was largely responsible for hitler attacking poland . 
  * every one * of your eu neighbors is greatly concerned and increasing the size of their militaries . 
  * every one * in eu except russians , those in russian pay , and couple cranks think basically what i said above . 
  i repeat : i 'd much rather be friendly with you and leave the past alone . 
  but as long as you look every day more and more like 1930s germany , do n't wonder why we 're wary of what you might end up doing as you slowly implode - again . 
  with news like these , were i a scotsman , i 'd think seriously about joining the new nordic empire before it comes and joins you !, 
  nope , international conventions have banned chemical weapons . 
  there is a very small and rapidly declining population of old-timers who want russia to * return * what she stole from us ( i could count those still demanding this with fingers of one hand , and would have plenty fingers left over ) , but there is n't any even remotely popular political movement behind these claims . 
  karelia was a great place once but russians have pretty much ruined it with seven decades of typical russian incompetence , corruption and mismanagement , and we have n't wanted it back for decades , not even if you gave it to us on a silver platter and asked nicely for us to take it back . 
  not even the populist far right wingers want it back now . 
  reportedly , yeltsin was ready to offer it back in the early 1990s but our politicians said `` forget it . '', 
  if you break it , you keep it . 
  the far right in europe seems to be quite useful to putin because it 's hostile to european integration and its constant noise about refugees distracts serious politicians from other matters . 
  it 's well known france 's le pen gets funding from moscow , and many in finland have wondered where the far right yahoos get the money for charter buses they use to converge on their `` demonstrations , '' for example . 
  your beliefs about what 's going on in finland seem to come from soviet-era sources or sources of equivalent reliability ; i would n't wonder much if we were living in 1945 but as i said , it 's 2016 already . 
  it 's no longer cool to make violent land grabs from independent states and then go on to blame the victim , for instance . 
  it seems many russians have been stuck in the pre-1945 mindset . 
  it 's 2016 now . 
  but if you insist , then please make an offer of this fancy tower in paris i 'm willing to sell to you for a very low special price . 
  btw our extreme right very likely gets funding from the kremlin , and they 're the buddy buddies of putin 's regime . 
  look at the mr. moneybags there , has been able to afford a * c * model * and * a floppy disk drive . 
  i 'm willing to bet the croesus there does n't even hack single-sided disks to two-sided but either uses one side only * or * buys two-sided disks ready made !, 
  well yeah , you 're talking to a former finnish army puke here  . 
  sure , inferior forces win sometimes , for a given definition of `` win . '', 
  but this is n't a linear system we 're talking about . 
  at some point , smaller force will be swamped , no matter how good it is . 
  it 's fairly clear to me from this article that swedes are * initially * conscripting some 4000 and then are likely to expand as they refurbish shuttered bases ( or even build new ones ) and train more instructors . 
  as many swedes have noted here , it takes time to do these things . 
  i 'm not `` assuming '' they have a good reason ; i 'm fairly certain they have . 
  i 've been following security policy fairly closely for almost two decades and happen to have some military experience , and contacts to active duty people . 
  i well recall when the swedes decided to end conscription ; the practically unanimous opinion of actual experts - both finnish and swedish , as far as i can tell - was that the new military system might work * as long as russia stayed quiescent and its primary duties were confined to peace support operations abroad . 
  * neither of these assumptions holds any longer , and i was among many , many people who said back then that if russia goes off its rails , then we 're very likely to see an interesting experiment : how to bring back conscription in a modern european state . 
  as such , i 'm not the least bit surprised , except that i thought the swedes might take a year more to do this . 
  it seems sweden is indeed incapable of hiring the * right * 4000 people . 
  furthermore , i think there is an intention to expand this number in the future . 
  knowing something about sweden , i really doubt whether they 'd reinstate conscription without concluding that other options simply do n't work . 
  avoiding a war through deterrence is , in my opinion , a fairly good justification . 
  i know the feeling . 
  i used to wonder how the 1930s felt for the people who were living back then . 
  i do n't wonder any longer . 
  yeah , and taxes are robbery . 
  if they were as great as everyone pretends them to be , then there should n't be any need to force people to pay them , now would there ? 
  there are some times a society has to limit individual freedoms for some specific purpose . 
  conscription is a form of taxation and it does limit individual freedoms , there 's no doubt of that . 
  but sometimes our societies have to make compromises between theoretical best solutions and what 's feasible or necessary in practice . 
  i take you are n't very well versed in the problem of defending the nordics i believe ? 
  it is very easy to dismiss those who do n't agree with you by thinking they 're brainwashed , emotional , knee-jerky fools . 
  perhaps it is so . 
  but have you considered the possibility that there might be solid and quite pragmatic reasons why many think conscription is still a necessary evil in finland ? 
  to me , one of the primary arguments for conscription is that even sweden now has to have this debate . 
  just as many of us who 've been following security policy for years or decades predicted , when they abandoned it . 
  i totally get the theoretical and ethical argument against conscription , so no need to recap it . 
  the problem is , we 're not living in that theoretical world . 
  there are those who are really gung-ho but they 're a distinct minority in my opinion . 
  however , there are many who hide their irony * very * well indeed . 
  though to be fair , one could n't last in that place for long without a fairly strong sense of patriotism and duty . 
  not like the wages are competitive or anything ... as one older officer put it , he 's going to continue soldiering until he runs out of what he 's inherited :d . the worst part indeed is when someone who has n't served speaks like that . 
  i took the habit of changing very rapidly to civilian clothes at the earliest opportunity so that my train rides would n't be bothered by those . 
  if they keep on giving us lovely peaks , we may not surrender unconditionally to them !, 
  heard it 's really pretty but has problems working . 
  but maybe that was just suomihonor propaganda . 
  very true !, 
  `` sorry officer , but it was broken already . '', 
  besides , we could collect what 's left and bulldoze them to a one place , so that the poor danes would finally have the mountain they 've always wanted . 
  it 's a win win , i say !, 
  what , you must 've been singing * '' ... sun puolestas el\u00e4\u00e4 ja kuoooollla , ooon haaaaluumme kooorkehin '' * too few times  i agree . 
  i actually liked the army enough to work there for a while but i 've always been very uncomfortable around people who spout things like that . 
  even at the call-up i facepalmed a lot . 
  the one very good thing about being a ( semi - ) professional soldier was that not one of my workmates spoke bullshit like that . 
  except with very clear ironic tone of voice . 
  if technology levels are entirely lopsided and/or there are other significant advantages . 
  this rarely happens outside u.s. military curb-stomping third-world nations . 
  you can see for yourself what tends to happen when the sides are more evenly matched by playing the original war game , chess .
