  most of eu and all the allies we 'd need are already in nato and they 've been very clear they have absolutely no intention to duplicate command structures and systems that already exist . 
  and it 's actual plans , systems of cooperation and earmarked troops that are needed , not just declarations on paper . 
  eu military cooperation would need to develop all of these , even if we somehow could convince the other eu countries that our aversion to nato should be reason enough for them to pay double for something they have already . 
  about the same as hitler , main difference is that he hated `` class enemies '' instead of jews and happened to end up on the winning side . 
  the problem is that as long as we have a sizable military , a 1939 style invasion and occupation is very unlikely threat scenario . 
  it 's our capability to respond to threats of 2020s that could pose some problems unless we join nato or significantly increase the spending . 
  even with nato we 'd need more money for purchases that are coming due in the next few years , like hornet replacements ( 10 billion euro ) and new navy vessels ( several billion euro ) . 
  much of the ammunition for field artillery will also expire during the next ten years , forcing us to purchase new guns and ammunition to replace soviet 122 mm howizers ( which are becoming outdated anyway ) in particular . 
  so we do need to have a sizable land army as a deterrent against cruder military measures , but at the same time we need to upgrade our capabilities to respond to other threats . 
  this is a very difficult situation once our currently adequate material begins to expire . 
  it actually looks like the genes that make a person more likely to suffer from certain forms of mental illness are also the same genes that seem in other cases give benefits such as significantly greater cognitive or artistic abilities . 
  that 's also one of the reasons why hereditary susceptibility to mental illnesses has not been eliminated through natural selection . 
  how these genes express themselves in an individual seems to be pretty much a hit or miss affair : some gain the benefit while others get only the problems , while yet others get a bit of both . 
  removing mentally ill from the gene pool would quite possibly , in the long run , result to a species of middling averages at best . 
  that 's of course only one of the smaller downsides of a society what you seem to envision . 
  social darwinism - which you echo with your ideas of `` nature not being kind to the weak '' being a justification for killing off `` misfits '' - was discredited even more than 70 years ago , because it is , scientifically speaking , utter bilge . 
  btw with the extremely few exceptions , mentally ill are absolutely no danger to anyone else , and suggesting that mentally ill should be removed from the society smacks of you being about 16 with strong ideas about the world . 
  if you are actually a teenager , i can understand , but please try to broaden your views a bit as you grow up . 
  do n't you have an option of committing criminally insane to a hospital ? 
  those who are deemed mentally ill and a danger to others can in practice be locked up until they are cured or die . 
  since violent psychopaths are rarely if ever cured , several more notorious offenders in finland have left the criminal asylum only in a pinewood box . 
  the only time it is reasonable to take a human life if there is absolutely no other way to protect other humans . 
  once captured , criminals can be jailed for life to achieve the exact same end result without risking the horror of sentencing an innocent to death . 
  here in finland a murderer gets a life in prison , which means that they can apply for pardon after 12 years . 
  but a mass murderer like roof would have his sanity examined , and those declared insane and dangerous to others can be isolated into criminal asylums until such time as they do not pose a danger to themselves or others . 
  in practice , many murderous psychopaths leave the asylum in a box . 
  i also do n't believe harsh punishments serve as much of a deterrence . 
  there is plenty of research suggesting those committing violent acts are n't usually rationally calculating the downsides and consequences of their acts , and if harsh punishment reduced crime then u.s. should have far less of a problem with crime than it does . 
  i would like trump to pull out of america . 
  nato 's military capability is for all intents and purposes us + margin of error . 
  the one good thing to come from trump election ( and , partly , brexit ) is that european countries are finally waking up to the hard reality : we ca n't rely on us for more than four years at a time at best , and that europe needs a reasonably capable european nato . 
  but building up the capability takes time , most likely at least a decade . 
  this is a window of opportunity for putin 's regime , i 'm afraid . 
  the latest estimate that came to my desk today is that russia 's reserve funds will be exhausted some time this year , unless oil prices suddenly skyrocket . 
  it remains to be seen whether mr. putin feels a need to distract the public with another war somewhere . 
   however our military is very cabable of defending the country so i do n't feel any immediate pressure to join unless russia collapses , our capability to mount an effective defence against projected russian military capabilities will begin to degrade very rapidly from about 2025 onwards . 
  that 's fairly soon . 
  for the last few years , we 've been able to shore up our capabilities with extremely lucky second-hand shopping , like for mrls rocket launchers , stinger missiles and leopard 2a6 tanks . 
  without these bargain deals , we 'd be in real trouble already , and it does n't seem likely that similar deals can be had in the future . 
  war materiel costs are escalating as usual , and it seems likely that hornet replacement fighters for instance simply can not be bought in numbers that would be really necessary for even semi-credible defence , no matter how capable the individual fighters might be . 
  the only solutions i can see are an alliance or a very radical increase in defence spending - more like doubling or tripling it . 
  the national coalition party became politically acceptable once it had debased itself . 
  there are entire books written about how finnish politicians curried favor with the soviets . 
  some of the more interesting ones include `` neuvostotiedustelu suomessa 1917-1991 '' ( soviet intelligence operations in finland 1917-1991 ) and `` kotiryss\u00e4 '' ( `` home russkie '' ; a term used by the politicians themselves for their contact in the soviet embassy ) . 
  there is a fine but distinguishable line between being diplomatic and being so `` diplomatic '' that one ends up in the pocket of a foreign power whose interests are fundamentally inimical to ours . 
  my concern here is that circumstances that favored the latter type 's rise to power in finland are repeating themselves . 
  yes , being very comfy with the soviets was a requirement for anyone aspiring to be a top-level politician during the cold war years . 
  * that 's precisely the problem here . 
  * the former deputy director of supo ( finnish secret service ) , juhani v\u00e4\u00e4n\u00e4nen , is one rather credible figure who has openly told that kalevi sorsa is one of the names in the tiitinen 's list . 
  this is from alpo rusi 's books . 
  unfortunately , we 're unlikely to see a full `` lustration '' and exposure of cold war era archives until certain politicians and officials are safely dead . 
  you are correct in that the center party in particular had ( and has ) a strong conservative streak , but conservative and right are not necessarily synonymous . 
  the national coalition party and various smaller factions like liberals were definitely excluded from the government and were completely unable to have their member even considered as a president due to fear of soviet reactions until late 1980s . 
  social democrats were not in kremlin 's favor that much early on , but things changed from 1963 when a new political generation came to power and began to improve the party 's relations with the soviet union . 
  this new generation was a fixture in the government , and later prime minister kalevi sorsa , for instance , was definitely very comfy with the soviets . 
  foreign intelligence services considered him to be either a willing or an unwitting agent of the kgb , and i 've seen some fairly well reasoned speculations that his name is one of the main reasons why the so-called `` tiitinen 's list '' of probable soviet agents has n't been published . 
  we have `` regional troops '' that consist primarily of reservists who do n't have another wartime unit assignment and are willing to volunteer for extra training . 
  these troops would in fact be among the first to be mobilized in a crisis and many regional units train quite regularly . 
  the military covers most of the costs and pays a very small allowance for `` volunteer '' training days . 
  in addition to that , we 're building an official system of rapid readiness troops , that is , reservists who volunteer to be on call on a very short notice for a year or two at a time . 
  we 've had such systems unofficially in many first line units before but now the plans are expanded and automatic sms call-up systems and the like are introduced . 
  same thing in other nordic regions as well . 
  if the baltics had n't been admitted to nato , it 's very likely they would n't be independent any more . 
  we should 've joined earlier . 
  now it may be too late . 
  on the other hand , having trump in the white house complicates the question considerably . 
  i 'm not at all confident that such an egomaniac wo n't blunder into a shooting war with russia . 
  or , even more likely , decide to `` make a deal '' and sell off europe east from germany to the highest bidder . 
  the concern i and many others have is not having to fight a war with russia . 
  it 's still very improbable , although uncomfortably more probable than it was a year ago . 
  the situation we 're terrified about is being left without `` security backrest '' that would permit us to stay firm under russian pressure . 
  if we 're alone , it 's all too likely that we need to begin to `` consider '' `` russian interests '' in a similar manner as we had to accommodate soviet interests during the cold war . 
  back then , any political party right from center was automatically out of bounds for government `` due to general reasons '' , no matter how many votes they got . 
  meanwhile , communists held far more power than their votes should have allowed . 
  in finlandization 2.0 , i 'm afraid any party left from center would be unacceptable to the kremlin . 
  the politicians in kremlin 's trust and in power in finland would be populist xenophobes in the true finns party , and spineless creatures from the other parties who 'd play the `` moscow card '' for personal aggrandisement . 
  that 's what happened before ( only in mirror image ) and it 's all too likely to happen again if the spheres of influence are drawn and we end up again on the wrong side . 
  i guess eu membership is very slightly better than nothing , but russians have always respected strength , not soft power . 
  and eu is just a joke as a defensive alliance . 
  that 's what they said in 1913 . 
  probably not deliberately , as in , i do n't believe russia has actual plans to conquer or subjugate european countries . 
  but i 'm very concerned that as russian economy continues its slow downward spiral - russia is basically a banana republic , only with oil and gas instead of bananas - the strongman in charge becomes tempted by a glorious military adventure abroad to shore up support at home . 
  miscalculations have happened before with horrific consequences ( see : 1914 ) and with a `` man '' ( using the term loosely here ) like mr. trump leading the most important nato member , the likelihood of europe blundering into war is uncomfortably high . 
  political strongmen like putin have , in the past , resorted to military adventures abroad to turn public gaze from internal problems . 
  i 'm not afraid of an attack that results from some `` rational '' planning or assessment . 
  i 'm afraid of a conflict that may crop up as a result of miscalculations . 
  when the linchpin of nato deterrence is to be led by a `` man '' ( using the term loosely here ) like mr. trump , these miscalculations are all too likely to happen . 
  technically yes . 
  other member countries are obligated to * '' ... assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  '' * ( article 5 wording ) the catch here is that `` such action as it deems necessary '' may mean pretty much anything the country in question decides it will mean , including no action at all . 
  i 'm concerned that this is a real concern given russian proficiency in propaganda . 
  an unclear situation where `` something '' is happening in the baltics for example might cause other nato members to find an excuse for not confronting russia militarily , particularly if the united states is n't clear it 's going to help as well . 
  we have basically two kinds of higher education available : universities and `` universities of applied science . '', 
  the fundamental difference is that if you go to the latter , you get a bachelor-level education ( although it 's becoming complicated with various `` further education '' schemes going on ) and the education is generally more practice-oriented . 
  if you go to a `` real '' university , you 're expected to graduate eventually with a master 's ( or md , in case of medical schools ) . 
  the universities are also the only place where you can earn a phd . 
  the entrance requirements vary between schools , but generally , applicants are scored by their high school matriculation exam and separate entrance exam . 
  ( how exactly the scoring works depends on the school and program in question ; it 's possible to get in with entrance exam alone and for some programs , good enough grades from matriculation exam can be enough . ), 
  since there is usually a fixed number of places at each program , some programs are extremely hard to get into ( medical school , law school , art schools and teacher 's school being the most notorious , in all of these about 10 % or less of applicants are accepted annually and many try the entrance exams several times before getting in or quitting ) while other programs may not even bother much with the entrance exam . 
  once you 're in , you 're in , and unless you do n't graduate in 7 or 9 years it 's very hard to get kicked out .
