  at any rate , germany had not occupied any territory that was within the russian sphere of influence . 
  it is * very * hard to read this in any other way than to mean that the soviets had indeed planned to occupy and annex finland . 
  sigh . 
  all the countries and territories soviet union ended up annexing are , iirc , mentioned exactly once in the treaty . 
  the word `` annexation '' is never used . 
  however , all the other countries and territories , except finland , were actually annexed . 
  there is not a shred of evidence suggesting stalin intended to make an exception for finland . 
  there is plenty of evidence the soviets were planning to do exactly what they did in the baltics ( and earlier in other soviet republics ) : puppet government installed by the red army , purges , and eventually rigged elections which result to a vote for joining the soviet union . 
  context matters , not just the words that are used . 
  even at court of law , circumstantial evidence very often suffices ; setting the standards of evidence to a level where a murderous dictator escapes scot-free unless someone can produce a document detailing that he indeed intended to do some evil things is more of a parody of how history should be done . 
  even for a school project . 
  if for no other reason , then because dictators are rarely as stupid as to put their plans on writing : that 's bond movie villain stuff . 
  i get your `` innocent-until-proven-guilty '' approach , but i think it 's very odd , and i really think a history teacher should know better . 
  because that approach opens doors to some very distorted thinking , such as holocaust denialism . 
  oh , and one more thing : the secret protocols to molotov-ribbentrop pact , dated 23rd september 1939 . 
  i suggest you take a look . 
  in these very secret documents - which came to light only because of germany 's defeat - germany and the soviet union divided eastern europe to spheres of influence where each was free to do `` regional adjustments . '', 
  all of the areas mentioned in the document , save finland , were in fact annexed by the soviet union . 
  note that the protocol does not specify `` small parts of finland ; '' it specifies finland , just as it does estonia , latvia , lithuania , eastern poland and bessarabia . 
  given the weight of evidence , by historical standards ( and perhaps by courtroom standards ) it would be up to you to provide evidence , at least very compelling circumstantial one , that stalin intended to make an exception for finland . 
  the reason you were dismissed earlier is because your theory and approach makes little sense , not because the winter war is somehow a touchy subject . 
  but how can you be sure the sources are n't tampered with , and could you please provide the document that links hitler specifically to holocaust ? 
  these are the arguments holocaust deniers have used for decades , even though professional historians have tried to tell them that in situations like this , absence of direct evidence can not be used to exculpate the guilty . 
  you and your teacher are of course free to think whatever you like . 
  but the circumstantial evidence is considerable . 
  stalin and the soviet leadership were known to desire imperial russia 's borders and think that letting finland and the baltics go after 1917 had been a mistake that needed correcting . 
  the negotiations proceeded exactly like those with the baltic states . 
  after the baltic states acquiesced to soviet bases , the troops from those bases were used to occupy and annex them even though the baltic states did not offer any resistance . 
  the soviet high command and the entire military were fully expecting the finns to provide at most symbolic resistance . 
  the vanguard of the troops entering the karelian isthmus had a band and was equipped with parade uniforms for a victory parade in helsinki , while those entering from the north had strict orders to respect sweden 's borders . 
  ( they , too , had a band for a parade in tornio and oulu . ), 
  the soviets announced that they will not negotiate with finnish government , only with terijoki puppet government , that too was fully expecting to be in helsinki within a week or two . 
  there were lists of `` class enemies '' that would be purged . 
  captured equipment , documents and pow interviews , as well as memoirs of high-ranking soviets , confirm all this . 
  then there are accounts of rail capacity and cattle cars being reserved for mass deportations of `` white '' finns to siberia . 
  even the majority of revisionist russian historians think your theory is so implausible that they have n't even bothered to suggest it . 
  but because it did n't happen , you are of course free to believe that in the event that finland had folded , the soviets would simply have toured finland while leaving the government intact , at the same time they were busy annexing all the other states that had agreed to soviet demands . 
  however , i have some serious questions about either your understanding of your assignment , or your teacher 's motivations or competence . 
  not a big surprise because our language is already so distinct . 
  it seems that our ancestors came from somewhere in today 's russia and were a separate movement from the emigration of the indo-europeans to most europe . 
  finland was also populated in three waves : the ancestors of sami people ( i 'm not really sure of the route they took ) , the ancestors of eastern finns who came from , well , southeast , and the ancestors of western finns who came from southwest . 
  ( and then there were smaller movements as well ) i recall another study saying that the genetic differences between eastern and western finns are actually , on average , greater than the average differences between the british and the germans for example . 
  i too recall the thread . 
  i and many others tried quite honestly to point out that concrete , specific evidence of ussr 's desire to annex finland if possible ( like a document signed by stalin that says `` we 'll annex finland '' ) you sought very likely a ) does not exist or b ) can not be ever found , and that by your standards there would n't be much history writing at all . 
  absence of evidence is not evidence of absence ; that \u00a8 's something historians have to deal with all the time , hence the use of circumstantial evidence we tried to present to you . 
  i 'm afraid there is n't much else that can be done if you insist that courtroom standards must be followed in historical writing . 
  ( by your standards , holocaust never happened and hitler was innocent . ), 
  yeah , also because the head coach seems to be somewhat of a chauvinistic jerk . 
  ( said that woman 's `` parts '' make them unsuited for ski jumping . ), 
  i 've been to steamboat springs , colorado , couple of times . 
  nice place that actually reminds me a lot of my family 's home county - except that instead of hills and fells , colorado has mountains . 
  i was very pleasantly surprised by food and people were nice . 
  had some trouble though as i 'm used to walking or biking everywhere , and even though there were some good bike paths , there were some areas where there did n't seem to be any walkways . 
  in finland , police is almost always among the top three or at most top five most trusted institutions in the country , according to a poll that measures public trust . 
  i 'm comfortably atheist but would be willing to reconsider with sufficient evidence . 
  at one point , i did go through a * lot * of arguments for and against the existence of higher powers , mainly because i have some friends who are both very eloquent and in faith . 
  in the end , i decided i could not see a need for a god hypothesis , and to believe would make me intellectually dishonest . 
  other people 's beliefs do not trouble me as long as they do not demand anyone else to conform to them . 
  unfortunately , it seems that religion has a tendency to overflow its proper boundaries , and for some reason the worst bigots i know also tend to be the most overtly religious ones . 
  it would be nice , for example , if we had politicians who took jesus christ 's teachings to heart - but these do not seem to be found from the finnish christian democratic party at least . 
  generally , i think religion serves a need many people have for security , community , and comfort . 
  understanding european culture without understanding christianity is impossible , and religions can help people in times of need , at least spiritually . 
  ( incidentally , what marx meant to say with his statement `` opium for the masses '' most likely referred to widespread 19th century use of opium as a palliative and pain killer , not as an addictive drug - today , marx 's statement might be more accurately rendered as `` anxiety medication for the masses '' . ), 
  furthermore , the biblical jesus has many good ideas , although the extent to which * historical * jesus resembled the biblical one is of course open to doubt . 
  however , these exclusive religions create , by default , divisions between in - and outgroups , and it has been said that for good people to do really atrocious things , you need a religion . 
  so religions , like practically all other human inventions , have both up - and downsides , and it 's not very fruitful to claim they 're either totally good or totally bad . 
  finland here , started school in late 1980s . 
  my generation was probably the first that could have an adult discussion about the war , and the 50th anniversary of the beginning of the winter war brought ( for the first time ) scores of veterans to schools to talk about their experiences . 
  the primary thing we were taught was that war is horrible and we must never have a war again . 
  on various grades through high school , we covered the wars from various angles , including the soviet concerns about the security of leningrad and the failure of finnish diplomacy to assure the soviets that we really only wanted to be left alone . 
  but we all had grandfathers who had fought in the wars , and our teachers had fathers who had done so . 
  even though much of the education concerned the human suffering , on both sides , we did discuss the justifications of going to war , and concluded that if there ever was a `` just war , '' winter war might qualify . 
  back then , no one really helped us ( okay , sweden gets partial credit here ) , and our grandparents did what they had to do to survive ; and since the soviet union had just collapsed and both we and our cousins in estonia were free to talk about our histories , we gained a * thorough * understanding about what exactly had been at stake . 
  probably better one than any previous generation . 
  and that was the starting point for the discussion about the continuation war and the co-belligerence with nazi germany ( 1941-44 ) . 
  at least in high school , we did go through the finnish policy at the time , and debated whether the war could have been avoided . 
  we learned of the finnish ultranationalist crackpots who were dreaming of `` greater finland , '' of the sometimes brutal treatment of soviet pows at prison camps , and of the siege of leningrad . 
  but we also learned of the hard fate of karelian refugees , that peace of moscow in 1940 had taken our second-largest ( and most cosmopolitan ) city and a very large chunk of our most fertile lands , and that if germany had merely delayed grain deliveries in 1942 , at least thousands of finns would have starved without doubt . 
  ( incidentally , food shortages in 1942-43 were major contributing factor to poor conditions at some pow camps . ), 
  and without german weapons and help , the soviet offensive of 1944 could not have been stopped . 
  there is a finnish saying one of my teachers used about our `` alliance , which goes ( freely translated ) that we acted friendly towards lucifer to help stave off the beelzebub . 
  in the military , we learned some more about the strategic issues , including the reasons why finnish troops crossed the 1939 border in some places ( far shorter defensive lines being the key ) . 
  all in all , after studying the topic on my own since , i think our education was fairly balanced . 
  we learned well that the war was a calamity of immense proportions to all concerned , that there are no totally black and white wars , and that even the `` good '' guys can do horrible things - that 's actually one of the lessons of the greatest finnish literary classic to come out of the war , v\u00e4in\u00f6 linna 's `` the unknown soldier . '', 
  well , as danish is swedish spoken with a potato in mouth , and dutch is german done likewise , i do n't wonder !, 
  fellow engineer ( mecheng ) here , although non-practicing at the moment  . 
  i totally understand , and i think taking some more time to think about and make connections is extremely sound idea . 
  but , as said , consider traveling and working in europe at some point in the future !, 
  much fun to be had even if you return to the u.s. eventually . 
   i 'd really appreciate more elaboration on `` nationalism '' and `` heritage '' here . 
  what do they mean , exactly ? 
  i have an inkling what the previous poster was thinking . 
  not to mince words here : in many european countries , nordics included , not being born in the country and having different skin color than the majority will to some extent label you as an outsider even for the rest of your life . 
  in finland , this is even more pronounced as it is , frankly , extremely difficult for an adult to learn the language to the extent that they 'd pass for a native in anything but the briefest of conversations . 
  this is rooted fairly deep in the culture , and even i once , without thinking too much about it , commented somewhat negatively about this to a friend who had been born elsewhere and was distinctly different-looking , even though she had been living in finland since before going to grade school and had full fluency in the language . 
  ( i did apologize later and apparently she did n't take my thoughtless gaffe too hard , fortunately . ), 
  this seems to be something that 's more of a problem the smaller the place : in smaller villages here , people will know who 's born there and who 's an outsider , and this can lead to exclusive rhetoric and possibly exclusion even between natives . 
  there are still villages where you might hear as a greeting , `` whose son are you ? '', 
  fortunately , this problem is diminishing and the definition of , for example , what makes finn a finn is certainly changing - slowly , but changing nevertheless - to be more inclusive . 
  but attitudes of exclusion unfortunately do exist nevertheless , less so among the more educated but more so among the less educated ones .
