  and jumps . 
  but no luck ; the plane is still losing altitude . 
  the next one to go is the russian . 
  he shouts `` for the motherland ! '', 
  and off he goes . 
  still the plane keeps on descending . 
  the finn and the norwegian look at the swede , throw him out and shout `` long live the nordic cooperation ! '', 
  you 're referring to the first submarine of the royal swedish navy ? 
  took only what , 300 years to surface , but it did !, 
  no no , it 's that the wise men were supposed to come from the east . 
  for the same reason jesus could n't have born in finland . 
  this is a very good , nay , excellent write-up and extremely interesting for all of us who ca n't understand russian . 
  my most sincere thanks , i 'd like to read more from you in the future !, 
  i 'm really sad we 're on a verge of cold war 2.0 and would love to improve eu 's relations with russia , but i quite frankly despise its current leadership and policies . 
  i have absolutely nothing against russians , i 've had many good times with them and hope to continue the streak , but there simply are lines that are not meant to be crossed and behaviors that are n't acceptable in the 21st century . 
  hey , go ahead , this was a very good read about a topic that interests me greatly and i 'd love to read more from you !, 
   i 'm starting to think this might be a good thing . 
  the last two years i 've spent avoiding the russian echo chamber in favor of its western counterpart have drastically changed my perception of the western world , and sadly not for the better . 
  could you please elaborate ? 
  i 'm honestly interested . 
  i really like the russians and have had so many fun times with you guys , even though i frankly despise your current dictatorial leadership . 
  i also think it would be much better for everyone if russia and europe ( edit : russia * is * europe , what i meant was eu and russia ) had friendly relations . 
  that 's why i find it 's so sad we 're headed to this cold war 2.0 , and would love to do my part to lessen the tensions . 
  i for one can understand quite a bit of swedish ( with some effort , written swedish is of course easier ) but i simply ca n't put together a coherent sentence beyond `` jag heter ... '' . 
  but i guess if i spent more time with swedish speakers i might begin to remember something . 
  had to learn it in school , but since absolutely no one within 100 km or so actually spoke swedish , no wonder folks from eastern finland in particular are n't very good with it . 
  our war plan is actually to surrender unconditionally to the norwegians . 
  that way they have to share their oil with us . 
  edit : and mountaintops . 
  them too . 
  more like without the sale , nokia would have tried to sell android but run out of steam and money and become more or less bankrupt , resulting to a fire sale of its actually valuable intellectual property and other remaining assets . 
  the mistakes were made in about 2000-2008 , and by the time microsoft was suckered into buying the hollow shell that remained , i very much doubt a different operating system would 've made much difference . 
  / u/vmedhe2 is quite correct . 
  i used to work with nokia r&d and product development guys back then . 
  they full well knew iphone was the beginning of the end ( though it had more to do with app ecosystem rather than design features , even though these certainly mattered as well ) . 
  they had actually proposed something similar from early 2000s ( i 've seen the prototypes ) and knew acutely that they 'd need to develop a developer-friendly app ecosystem , only to be repeatedly vetoed by middle and top management who was scared of doing things in any other way than `` the nokia way '' - which included , among other things , focusing on pushing out gazillion types of cheap phones with super efficient production and logistics ( the major reason for nokia 's rise to greatness ) and not using any technologies nokia did n't fully control . 
  sadly , capacitive ( that is , actually usable ) touchscreens were among those technologies . 
  when nokia 's anssi vanjoki publicly disparaged the iphone , many of the guys i knew decided it was the time to look for other opportunities . 
  nokia 's downfall was visible to anyone involved in product development from 2008 onwards , and it 's a miracle the mobile phone division netted as much cash from microsoft as it did . 
  it was actually a * great * deal for nokia shareholders - at that point . 
  nokia blew it earlier , by becoming fossilized in its own superiority complex and by having too much middle management with the power to veto any interesting projects . 
  the microsoft deal was a bad one for * microsoft * shareholders - nokia 's mobile phone division was n't worth much at that point . 
  since i 'm procrastinating anyway , i might as well clear a couple things i frankly believe you 've misunderstood . 
   there are lots of models for this . 
  canada and poland are countries to look up to . 
   we can still maintain a fit for duty personnel of close to our current size of about 950k . 
  people would still sign for a draft , but in peace time we are civilians . 
  interested people can do a voluntary military service often in exchange for indirect benefits in some form , tax relief , titles etc. 
  this is how most countries do it . 
  this is almost certainly too optimistic an assumption . 
  the very reason we 're having this discussion is because sweden , with almost twice the population and a significantly larger defense budget , could n't make the professional system work , even though their defensive problem is arguably an order of magnitude easier than ours . 
   the idea is that you focus on the rapid reaction force , which all are highly trained professionals . 
  unlike our current reserve , these can be sent in full or in part to even minor aggression , if a similar to crimea if ever happened in finland . 
  this is something that is already happening , but the need for , and the existence of , a rapid reaction force does not remove the need for a deep reserve as well . 
  furthermore , even under professional model , this force would have to be augmented by calling up reserves of ex-professionals , just as it is now augmented by calling up reserves . 
  the delays are exactly the same in both systems . 
  furthermore , you severely underestimate our abilities to call up first echelon forces . 
  the mobilization system in its current incarnation has been developed since the 1960s and is n't even closely comparable to what the ukrainians had . 
  even though full mobilization will take some time , the existing high readiness units can already be mobilized very rapidly . 
  with currently ongoing enhancements to their readiness , the only way they could be faster was if they were fully manned and equipped and on permanent standby . 
  this is n't really possible even with fully professional troops , since troops need to train , rest and refit periodically . 
  the numbers wo n't really add up to more than about two companies ' worth of actual standby troops at any given moment of time even in a fully professional army , and this is such a small force it does n't really add to the capabilities the police and the border guard already have . 
   the other part is those who went to voluntary service being a part of the active reserve , like today , but being fewer they can be given qualitative training . 
  the rest is taken according to their current abilities . 
  poland has 15m , canada has 7m fit for duty even without conscription . 
  if we have 950k fit for duty , we pick up to lets say 1/5 according to criteria if aggression ever accelerates to that level . 
  the benefit is being able to pick servicemen according to current abilities . 
  this would favor picking 25 to 35 year olds with strongest physics and the shortest barrier to learning . 
  the idea here is that a 30 year old with a relevant ms.c and 5 years relevant work experience needs only a fraction of the time to learn something versus an 18 year old whose biggest life accomplishment thus far is matrix multiplication . 
  this is exactly what conscription achieves but what is highly unlikely to be achieved without it . 
  the selection system the military uses is n't perfect but it 's actually surprisingly good , given the inherent difficulties in predicting how a person will cope with military service . 
  now we have very high grade personnel to assign to the most demanding tasks , and some useful role for most of the rest . 
  the experience from every country indicates that high grade personnel are the most difficult ones to lure into voluntary service , and are unlikely to be retained for long . 
  exactly the problems sweden now again discovered when they tried , and what we would almost certainly discover as well . 
  why ca n't we learn from the mistakes of others ? 
   the idea is n't to end military service , it 's to end conscription . 
  filter out the unmotivated , stupid and physically weak from service because they are quite frankly not worth the effort for active reserve . 
  this , again , is exactly what we can do right now - and do . 
  as i 've noted here and elsewhere , the basic conscript training period and wartime units are two very different things , particularly when we 're talking about the units at the sharpest end . 
  the difference to voluntary system * with our current population base and threat environment * is that we can actually weed out the unmotivated , stupid and physically unfit since we have plenty of options . 
  with a volunteer force , we 'd almost certainly have to take everyone who satisfies the minimum criteria and somehow try to retain them for four years at least . 
  again , this is what the swedes learned - they could pick and choose only as long as the military was supposed only to deliver aid packets and skirmish with the taliban . 
   not only does this cost in conscription , but there 's uncertainty involved in a soldier still being either fit for duty at 30 in which he was assigned to at 18 , or whether he simply is now better somewhere else . 
  an amphibian guy becoming a doctor after military service , that amphibian training was thus a waste of resources . 
  assignments are already re-evaluated frequently , and it 's very unlikely to retain the same wartime assignment from 19 to 30 - it 's actually more likely to retain the first assignment only until 25 , after which the person is usually transferred to a physically less demanding assignment . 
  ( again , this is only possible because conscription gives enough fresh troops to choose from - in a volunteer force , the average age would certainly be higher . ), 
  furthermore , the military keeps tabs on acquired civilian expertise , and doctors for example are automatically assigned to medical service roles ( or retained at their civilian posts ) . 
  likewise for , say , construction or logistics professionals : one of the great benefits of our system from cost perspective is that we do n't really have to train various critical support personnel to their jobs , as they gain the skills during their civilian career ; what the military does is only a short training on how to use those skills in a military context . 
  the end result is that our all-important logistic tail is very skilled with very little cost to taxpayer . 
  besides , the training the doctor-to-be or the logistician-to-be received rarely goes to waste : knowing how the system operates and even how the grunts do their business helps a great deal if you have to , say , set up and operate a first aid station or set up a system for delivering ammunition instead of milk cartons . 
   better to leave that guy who will only ever be intermediate in active reserves and put him directly in the inactive reserves . 
  better to spend his resources on the guy who with current conscription spending would become good to make him and excellent serviceman . 
  yes , yes . 
  exactly what is happening right now , and possible precisely because of conscription - and unlikely to be feasible in a volunteer system . 
   these are some of the benefits of having an inactive reserve that is n't pre-selected , but chosen according to abilities during wartime . 
  you 're now describing conscription , not the volunteer force . 
  yeah . 
  we have 5.5 million people but over 1300 kilometers of border with russia . 
  the resulting equation is fairly hard to solve with a professional army . 
  conscription is a form of taxation , sure enough .
