  i do n't know if we boys had one or not . 
  anyways the girls told me they were told how to manage their periods without messing up the toilets of the school and leaving it in a disgusting state . 
  so it was not just education but also a telling-off . 
  we also had ethics class , which included talking about abortion as a social-ethical issue . 
  it was a discussion , which chairs in a circle , not a lecture-style class . 
   was anything done to encourage the discussion between opposite genders of students about related topics ? 
  haha , no but we did n't need encouragement . 
  we did it anyways from early on . 
  we were like 9-10 when we already discussed stuff we heard from here and there and who know what about this . 
  not in front of teachers , just in our free-play time . 
  at 13-14 we discussed stuff like masturbation , bought and looked at porn mags and watched porn on vhs at a friends house in mixed groups ( but we did n't do anything sexual , just watched because we thought it 's cool ) . 
  seems like you focus on math , so i 'll write about that . 
  we subdivide things differently here than in the us . 
  we also do n't label them as different `` modules '' or courses , we simply have a monolithic `` math '' class from grade 1 to grade 12 and learn the appropriate materials in each grade . 
  we do n't call it `` algebra '' or `` calculus '' , but rather `` equations and inequalities '' and `` integration and derivation '' . 
  but anyways , only students enrolled in advanced math classes will learn integration and derivation . 
  yes and i find it very funny when germans wait for the light at 2 am when there are no cars around . 
  not legal , but people do it . 
  we have this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/research_institute_for_linguistics_of_the_hungarian_academy_of_sciences they create and update the spelling rules . 
  you mean road distance or straight line distance ? 
  if you mean road distance ( the distance you actually drive ) then it 's not far for a day trip . 
  it takes about 3 hours one way if you can use the motorway . 
  i usually visit relatives at a similar distance without spending the night there . 
  but it 's not a distance that one would normally drive several times a week . 
  there are some very cheap flights within europe . 
  one-way ticket prices can range from 10-100 $ depending on the route and dates ( 10 $ only with low-cost airlines on days with little demand ) . 
  europeans also do n't rent cars so often , because trains and buses have acceptable quality and frequency . 
  originally `` racism '' referred to the race ideology , the belief that there 's a hierarchy of races among people where some races are inherently superior than others and more fit for the leading , power position ( more intelligent , better at managing the world , creating culture etc. ) . 
  it is now often expanded to mean `` treating people differently based on their race '' ( but not necessarily because you perceive them as inherently superior or inferior ) . 
  the paradox is that if people are * already * put in a different starting point based on their race today , you need to treat them differently so they can be at an equal position . 
  it would be problematic for parties that do n't want to be associated with either side or consider this one-dimensional description outdated . 
  also it would be a silly political game where the far-right denies being far-right so nobody wants to sit on the rightmost place . 
  currently our parliament is like the following , from physical left to right ( as seen from the podium ) : mszp ( socialist party ) - jobbik ( nationalist ) - lmp ( green , anti-globalist , eco-party ) - fidesz-kdnp ( christian-conservative ) ( the centerline is inside the fidesz block ), 
  do they literally sit on the left and right based on ideology in some modern parliaments ? 
  is it like that in germany ? 
  ( or was your comment ironic ? ), 
  in hungary they do n't sit in any particular way . 
  parties sit in a block , but they are n't ordered left-to-right . 
  for example the far-right party sits on the left side . 
  a similar one but with larger , 256 gb ssd and smaller 4 gb ram and with optical drive costs around 750 $ here . 
  with 500 gb hdd instead of the ssd it 's 570 $ ( still 4 gb ram and optical drive ) . 
  and even this second one is above the average monthly net salary here . 
  it might be necessary in certain circles , so that you 're not excluded . 
  if you can afford it but do n't buy high-end stuff , it 's seen as a protest statement . 
  many rich people just want to go with the flow and get accepted . 
  but the really rich and powerful do n't have to care about being accepted or not . 
  for example [ this guy ] ( http://24.p3k.hu/app/uploads/2016/01/simicska_lajos_dubai_2016_januar_emirates_repuloter-1024x576.png ) ( lajos simicska ) is among the richest in hungary and he looks like a hobo . 
  [ here 's him ] ( https://444.hu/assets/simicsika1.jpg ) buying some cheap shit in a local supermarket . 
  i think people who watch tv all the time are also seen unfavorably . 
  just the `` childish '' element is missing . 
  for gamers with dead-end lives , the narrative is simpler : they act like children , have n't grown up , have no mature ambition for their lives and rely on their parents . 
  it 's also that such gamers are often quite content and enthusiastic about gaming and do n't really want to change their lives . 
  while someone who 's watching tv all day sounds like depression to me . 
  gaming is much more effective at covering your problems and letting you escape reality than watching tv . 
  it gives you the experience of success that you do n't have in other aspects of your life , while being proud of `` having watched another tv show successfully '' sounds ridiculous . 
  gaming has more potential to fill up many aspects of your life , including a sense of progress , skill , emotions of winning and losing , multiplayer drama etc. 
  but at the same time , seen from the outside , all these are confined to a very narrow subset of life . 
  it 's like retreating to an alternative mini-life that 's devoid of risk and real impact . 
  so if someone stays at home and watches tv , most people do n't believe that this person is really okay with the situation . 
  it 's probably a temporary thing . 
  i mean if they just watch random tv that happens to be on air . 
  if they obsess over specific shows to fill up their lives they are again seen like gamers . 
  i 'm not sure if all i wrote is coherent , but it seems there are many factors involved in this . 
  i think it also depends on how other parts of your life are going . 
  like if you have a good career , have the `` usual '' status symbols like a car and your own place to live , are fit , dress `` properly '' , have an so and social life outside of gaming , etc , then people will be more likely to accept quirks like playing games once in a while . 
  but if you fit the stereotype of a really low-status person , living with their mom without much ambition outside of gaming , are single with few social contacts outside gaming or the internet , who dresses in old stretched out t-shirts and rarely showers , is fat or very skinny , etc. 
  then such mocking will be more frequent . 
  this is of course a spectrum . 
  the problem is when you 're somewhere in the middle and then the hobby of gaming unfairly pushes you towards the negative stereotype in the eyes of many people . 
  but it 's understandable . 
  think of a real outcast young guy who has no social life , ambitions or anything interesting going on in his life and stays home all the time . 
  what can such a slacker do at home to fill his time ? 
  besides watching porn ( which as a regular and serious `` hobby '' seems also quite weird ) , it 's pretty simple and without risk to download some games and play them all the time and escape into this universe . 
  this does n't mean that gamers are all like this , but it does mean that such a person will turn to gaming . 
  a similar but more risk-taking type of guy would perhaps turn to drugs . 
  people do n't want to associate with low-status , outcast people who are not accepted by others , lest they also become low-status . 
  that 's not my experience in my generation ( 25-35 years ) . 
  what you describe sounds like someone quite young ( 17-20 years ) who 's self conscious about whether he 's acting adult-y enough and overcompensates , or someone above 40-45 years old who did n't have such games around when he was a teen ( or at least it was much much smaller scale especially here in the eastern bloc ) . 
  there are different phases in this . 
  for example teens above ~ 13-15 like to keep away from childish disney cartoons and similar , and then many of them come back to such things in their twenties when they have enough confidence in their adultness so it does n't seem threatening anymore . 
  it 's seen as odd , as our cuisine uses lots of meat and fat . 
  it 's simply seen as being a picky eater and causes some headache when families and friends come together for lunch or dinner . 
  then besides the schnitzel , we 'd also have some cheese or mushrooms fried in breadcrumbs as an alternative . 
  veganism is even weirder but it 's very new around here , and i see it as a rather pretentious , fashionable , specialsnowflake , self-absorbed , smelling-your-own-fart , annoying thing . 
  also , hungarian cuisine does n't have any vegan dishes . 
  zero . 
  all our stuff contains at least dairy or fat . 
  for example one of our main dishes is [ `` chicken paprikash with sour cream and dumplings '' ] ( http://www.gasztrotrend.hu/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/tejfolos-csirkepaprikas.jpg ) . 
  it has chicken as the main part , has milk in the sour cream and eggs in the dumplings and uses fat in the making . 
  you could make a `` vegan version '' of it , but , well ... 
  because `` playing games '' is something associated with children . 
  it 's not a `` serious adult '' thing . 
  watching tv does n't require a lot of effort . 
  you do n't have to cultivate any particular skills to be able to watch tv . 
  by watching tv you do n't really get any `` better '' at watching tv the next day . 
  ( unless we are talking about hardcore movie fans , like star wars fans spending all their money on merch , then they are seen the same way as gamers . 
  they invest effort into learning more about the movie and the universe of the movie . ), 
  what people find weird about gamers is that they spend a lot of effort at acquiring skill/knowledge at something associated with children that is `` pointless '' from an immediate practical point of view . 
  i think other hobbies like that are similarly seen by society . 
  like people spending all their money on model ( `` toy '' ) trains who know a lot of `` pointless '' details about trains .
