  because that 's how it works right ? 
   to share his religion by accident of birth ? 
  why is crimea ukranian in the first place ? 
  muh freedoms !!, 
   uk is because there are so many xenophobes who do n't trust anything perceived as being foreign . 
  then they will be against any union , with or without french ... 
  [ if we learned something from eurovision ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/great+job+romania_927d78_4915782.png ), 
  so what ? 
  we have our big meal in the mid day , while the earth scorches ; nobody goes shopping at 15h , and the shopkeepers go eat too . 
  i 'm not saying siesta does not exist , what is false is that we need to stop working for a mandatory nap . 
  that we talk with a lisp . 
  it is not a lisp , we have the `` th '' sound and the `` s '' sound . 
  i do n't mind a south american saying this , could n't care less , but hearing americans or europeans spreading this myth is infuriating . 
   and europe without eu ( or some other paneuropean organisation ) will be most likely heading toward a new era of chaos and bloodshed . 
  east europe you mean ? 
  surstr\u00f6mming ... 
  i 'm sure i wo n't like it but i want to try it someday . 
   after killing 15 immigrants that were swimming with them . 
  and putting this idea in the mind of people is what the media wanted . 
  nicely done . 
   black people , asians , hispanics ... 
  so many different cultures , races , personalities , traditions ... what a breath of fresh air it was . 
  to be able to hang out with so many different people at the same time and hearing so many different and interesting languages in one city . 
  what a lousy troll . 
  i was n't really asking , i was just making a point . 
  nothing will change in belarus until he dies . 
  is he young ? 
  nice black and white world you are living in . 
   edit : it means that the spanish police officers ca n't simply give them to another moroccan police in the border without filling any paperwork . 
  it 's not just paperwork , is an `` expulsion order '' which give the migrant the right to roam spain ( and the rest of eu ) until it triggers . 
  i agree to give medical atention to the ones that land in spain but a hot return is key and not the administrative expulsion , which is a joke . 
  if you want to be humanitarian send the boats to their countries , what you ca n't do is to take in the ones that passed the ordeal of surviving the crossing of the sahara , morocco and the mafias . 
  because then you are encouraging all of that shit . 
  even worse , a kingdom still . 
  but that has nothing to do with what i said . 
  there are a lot in barcelona though . 
  in my opinion , overall , people are n't very democratic , politicians included . 
  we call these systems democracies but they really are n't that democratic , because in the end , people do n't belive in it . 
  the swiss will cancel some treaty with the eu , the eu will cancel other treaties back . 
  what 's the point in remarking `` we are a sovereign country '' ? 
  of course you are . 
   also , holyshitballs is / r/europe dumb , i know you dislike this guys views but do n't downvote every single of his comments . 
  this should be about getting to know each others views and not a hate fest . 
  there is lot of people here to call everyone dumb when he is only getting slightly downvoted , and for sure his douchy attitude does not win/earn him any upvotes . 
  edit : `` earn '' and `` win '' is the same word in spanish , i guess it should be `` earn '' , but i could swear i 've seen `` win '' in this type of sentence , oh well . 
  if you are apathetic you are apathetic , if i do n't show up to vote i wo n't whine later when they do whatever they want . 
  i would love direct democracy, 
  because they do n't care , anyway it 's funny that germany who abstained , produce more corn than any of the countrys that aprove it . 
  then again , italy and france combined produce almost 50 % of all the corn in europe , and they voted no . 
  there is nothing more detrimental to a cause than a foreigner telling the people of another country how backwards they are . 
  it 's like bullfighint in spain , whenever foreign protesters shows up denouncing the locals for animal cruelty , the more they feel proud and suportive of bullfighting . 
  you have to let countries fix their shit , all this pro-gay ; anti-russia thing is not achieving anything . 
  it 's not only the chinese btw , we had problems with the us , israel and some south american countries also , this universal justice thingy has been getting restrictions for a time now . 
  philip ii paying debts ? 
  hahaha , no chance . 
  i like `` insensato '' traductors says it means `` fool '' but it 's really something else , mind you that it 's `` un-sensato '' really . 
  `` sensato '' meaning `` sensible '' `` sane '' someone who has common sense . 
  insensato it 's also the favorite insult of gandalf in the lotr books in spanish . 
  i also like how it sounds `` nieve '' -  snow or `` noruega '' -  norway on a side note , speaking a language without `` pues '' and `` ya '' , does n't feel like expresing myself like who i really am , i need those prepositions `` so '' and `` already '' only get you so far . 
  maybe he can maybe he can not . 
  anyway , what 's the point in refusing a rare case of a honours student and act like a bunch of douchebags . 
  is just one guy . 
  more interesting is the blind family droping blind kids for fun . 
  i do n't really get that . 
  swing states rules . 
  i still remember that elian gonzalez shit . 
   they be stealin ' our jobs haha !, 
  there is no jobs to steal . 
  jokes on them . 
   i think they risk alienating future potential members look at the map , there are n't that many more of those anymore . 
  there is like 4 or 5 left , the rest are muslim countries , so they do n't count . 
  as much as we want to complain about hot temperatures , if you avoid the 3 hours at midday in july-august ( go eat , siesta or whatever just do n't be in the fucking street ) you are pretty much set for the year . 
  i will complain about the weather anyway , but at the end of the day scorched earth is more bearable than frozen waste . 
  i 'm from the south and i have done that too , but it 's because i 'm lazy and do n't want to bother doing anything . 
  boil pasta , throw jam , put tomato , does it taste horrible ? 
  yes , put some ketchup , see if i can make it edible . 
   do n't make eye contact with strangers on public transport . 
  that 's the first thing i do everytime , everywhere to everyone ; i think i 'm not liked much outside spain ( or inside for that matter ), 
  the traders were traders and the vikings were vikings . 
  last time i 've heard , viking mean raider or something like that . 
   it 's not a thing in poland . 
  mostly because catholic church accepts evolution and does n't require literal interpretation of bible . 
  anymore, 
   ... while we 're one of the most integrated countries , more so than many of the eu members . 
  in spain everytime i read something about rights or rules about migrants , visas and such , there is a section that usually starts like - for eu members or norway etc , etc. . . 
   absurd to suggest these four countries need to defend themselves militarily . 
  what 's that supossed to mean ? 
  exactly !, 
  and if that 's not true do n't fucking dare to tell me . 
  that would have been an ok meassure before the first bailout ; not with two bailouts on its back ; too late for that shit . 
  instead of showing me random data and explaining me their opinion , i would really like to see the data myself and draw my own conclusions . 
   i appreciate your input but i will just wait it out and see what happens in the near future . 
  it 's just an example of things that were n't thought out well in the eu . 
  i do n't think it 's fair to put this on eu table . 
  it 's a uk decision to not let british vote if they 've been gone for x years , and cyprus decision to not let foreigners vote . 
   for comparison 's sake , the black economy in sweden accounts for about 20 % of gdp ( in spain it 's 24.6 % as stated in the article ) . 
  i 've seen sweden with 14 % which makes the spanish one 75 % bigger . 
  anyway , we are talking that our black economy which does not pay any taxes is equivalent in gdp to denmark gdp ; we are talking about that 1 every 4 euros goes undeclared . 
  imo after unemployement , lowering this percentage should be the main goal of my country . 
  ... and the football world cup too .
