  whether he is right or wrong how would you point out the same geopolitical situation he is referring to ? 
  he said `` anglo-saxon world '' btw . 
  i use the fucking three of them ( ie , chrome , firefox ) at work , because everything i need does not work on everything . 
  freaking hell . 
  in fact i needed at one point to have two versions of ie until they fixed some shit . 
  sorry for the offtopic but i got derailed in `` the local '' and i read this in another article :  i have set up business both in russia and spain . 
  i would say that compared to russia , spain is a bureaucratic paradise !, 
  in moscow every step of the process is slower . 
  oh god !, 
  [ i 'm not talking about canadian culture ] ( http://louderwithcrowder.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/10/native-american-day-pictures-1.jpg ), 
  surprising , one may think that maybe as an american , you could really understand how too many immigrants can erase a previous culture , but i guess not . 
  yeah , i do n't understand that . 
  a woman wo n't be arrested for a gender violence charge , but it will be for an assalut one . 
  it 's going to be a different procedure and penalty but there is not a get-out-of-jail-free card for women here . 
  if you are anti-austerity and you write about that , can we really say that your article is biased ? 
  i do n't think you can use that term here , then again my english is very poor so idk . 
  actually for non-americans its also not safe for work or at least that 's what my boss is saying to me right now . 
  honestly , this . 
  we always start with a quick review of the celtiberan + greek ( and family ) colonies in iberia and stop around ww1 then the course is over and it restarts the next year . 
  and also , in each history chapter 1/4 was about the art of the time . 
  so you can go to any spaniard and ask him , what are the types of greek columns ? 
  and everyone will tell you `` d\u00f3rico , j\u00f3nico y corintio '' ( sorry too lazy to search the translation ) , which i think it 's the most useless piece of information ingrained in my brain . 
  i mean , i do n't care too much about what you said , because i 'm not a syrian government apologist , sorry if i make you that impression . 
   no , because the syrian government indirectly supported isis even more than anyone else did if we are talking about `` indirectly '' then i think the us win this by far . 
  not only by supporting the initial rebelion but by prevously destroying the neighbor country then again i do n't belive in this `` indirectly '' nonesense . 
  really ? 
  the most valued one ? 
  i did n't expect that . 
  to be honest , the only one i see as usefull is the national police . 
  and i hate local police with passion ; they exist just to fuck with the people , being the politician in power lapdog and if there is a real problem then they call the national . 
  ehhh, 
  and since guardia civil is an hybrid militar group , they do military operations . 
  so yeah , you can see them in nato missions like [ here in afghanistan ] ( http://abcblogs.abc.es/tierra-mar-aire/files/2014/05/guardia6.jpg ) wearing their fascist symbol . 
  russia was right all along !!!, 
  to be honest , it does n't bother me at all , it 's just funny . 
  and for the curious minds , they are there as instructors in border control . 
  i can , but then again i 've never studied anything that has happened farther east than austria . 
  and world wars are not a thing in spain . 
  allowing ? 
  maybe each country should watch its borders . 
  i think it will just create another mafia , like everytime the un has tried to control something . 
  the un is the biggest joke of our time . 
  coltan mines anyone ? 
  nuff said . 
  much , actually . 
  that people have to be one single and right way , so you can understand and communicate with them . 
  it 's pretty egoistic . 
  actually i think that the best reason for catalonia to get independence is to be able to make catalan the main language without problems and interference for spanish government . 
  fuck your shit by the way . 
   people really do n't know how to use this down arrow every fucking time . 
  people up vote what they like and down vote what they do n't and there is nothing wrong with that . 
  reddit does not punish , or rewards you depending on your karma points . 
  it frightens me that there is people that think like you . 
  as a spaniard , i really do n't care , for the little i know i think they are ok , pretty close to the people from the balkans i think , but as one of the westmost parts of the eu , each time the eu goes so far east , i roll my eyes . 
  sincerely i feel more close to an argentinian , a colombian or a cuban than some members of the eu . 
  pretty sure the british feel the same way with australians or canadians . 
  in whose road ? 
  anyway it 's better than the english one , which is a bullshit statement . 
  the rain in spain is mainly not in the plain . 
  i think i 've never saw them outside riversides to be honest . 
  i see lots of small snails though , in some seasons and after a good rain , they always cross the track i use for running , and you crack a couple at every step . 
  so after all the speculation and the juicy titles about the crossbow , what really happened was : a 13yr old kid and spanish came to school with a handmade crossbow and a knife . 
  the crossbow did n't work too well the first time so he went on with the knife . 
  he was searching and stabing people on a list he wrote beforehand , his spanish teacher and his daughter , a teacher of another classroom that went to see what happened and was stabbed and killed , and other kid in another classroom but was stopped by other students , then he run off until he was caught by two teachers . 
  in spain , with 13 years you can not be arrested or imputed with a crime ; so let 's see what happens now . 
  i 'm sorry , but if no one of the generations that rule at the time of an atrocity is alive , i say there is no sense to apologize , it 's history . 
  at the end , this thread will be about moderation and bans , and not about the actual news . 
  having jobs . 
  until you `` get '' it ? 
  you mean the chinese thing . 
  because i 've never heard about a spaniard understanding english vowels . 
  i mean , [ http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vowel] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vowel ) check `` audio samples '' . 
  it 's like , are you fucking kidding me ? 
  so acording to this the flaped ` r ' and rolled ` r ' is the same sound even though is totally different , and i have to put up with tens of vowels that sound the same but they are considered different sounds . 
  very good , or should i say verrrrry good , it 's the same sound right ? 
  so , is syria oficially ruled by isis or is this map bullshit ? 
  so me saying , `` believing in god is not ok '' is racism , and actually would make me a racist because i really think that . 
  ok thanks for the input but i will keep my older definition , if not that concept is useless to me . 
  so ehm , yeah . 
  have you ever heard about gypsys ? 
  anyway , when i was younger i was told that racism is to think of people of other races to be inferior , literally being a nazi . 
  but since then this term has been changing before my eyes , first it was also critizising other races , it 's ok , i mean it makes sense . 
  then it 's not just race , it 's also culture or religion . 
  wait , wait how am i not able to criticize other cultures/religion ? 
  i mean it 's not a friendly thing to do but still , i can still criticize mine right ? 
  then it 's not just criticizing it 's doing/saying/thinking anything that would made a difference about race/religion/culture to stand out . 
  and then the madness , it 's the above and at the same time the contrary , not acknowledge that there might be a difference that could make things uncomfortable . 
  so to me , racism means only the first two things . 
  i do n't really know but i bet it 's in `` el principe '' quarter/slum/district ( google translator for barriada ) . 
  it 's always the same place . 
  i think in spain it depends a lot where you go , just in my city they can give you a hamburger ( free but not very good ) or a hotdog and in other they give you nothing or just some salted peanuts . 
  where i usually go they let you choose a small tapa , i have a dutch friend that always ask for [ callos ] ( http://saboresdeourense.turismodeourense.com/primavera2013/wp-content/uploads/2013/05/marola.jpg ), 
  i guess all those guys with 100 % are from the balkans , right ? 
  i 'm sorry , but giving things to a dictator is not a gift to the country . 
  just saying . 
  there 've been more polls like this , and i always double check the name , josef stalin . 
  like stalin ? 
  really ? 
  ** actually !!!, 
  ** that 's `` camarada '' and it 's a full romance word , meaning camara-mate , `` camara '' meaning chamber , so basically room-mate .
