  one more day, 
   now eu `` approval '' is required for adjusting the completely domestic alcohol monopoly . 
  you do n't think that the eu have a say in monopoly laws , and state owned companies ? 
  i mean even if the eu was just like before , just a free trade union , this bs would be under scrutiny . 
  wow , communism works . 
  i do n't belive that happened also . 
   mr trump reportedly instructed aides to calculate how much german spending fell below two per cent over the past 12 years , then added interest . 
  the two per cent is not for nato , its for your own military spending . 
  if something its a 300 billion germany owns itself . 
  this is stupid . 
  is n't transsexual just someone who changed his sex ? 
  i doubt i will ever be comfortable with any leader in this country ; if you ask me if that would influence my vote : gay definetly not . 
  transsexual , personally i do n't care but i think the rest of the world would , so that has to weight in . 
  transgender , i do mind , it means that he/she buys into gender politics which i am against but there is twenty thousands things that i care more about than that , so no , im not going to vote trump just because he or she is transgender but i do n't have to like it either . 
  spain made money from the first world war which let us to catch up a bit with the rest of europe ( there was an insect plague if i remember correctly that destroyed our vineyards though ) . 
  then we did a random war against morocco , that started with a disastrous battle , blamed the king , sent him packing , put more blood and money in africa , create an army there , put franco as their commander and let spain follow its historical suicidal tendencies . 
  so you are telling me that americans do it better ? 
  i love how everyone plays the victim and says that the other party is making threats . 
  you can see your tax money at work on those hight level diplomats . 
  i usually forget how serious the word `` queue '' is in english . 
  i read what he said in spanish , and yeah , he does n't exactly say `` back of the queue '' but because queue ( cola = tail ) it 's already implied that goes on the back . 
  it 's not translated wrong , but what it really means is that they will have to wait their turn to negotiate their access to the eu . 
   alfonso dastis , the spanish foreign minister , told ms sturgeon that scotland would have to `` join the back of the queue '' if it wanted eu membership , as spain is opposed to the break-up of the uk . 
  what spain is opposed is that a break-up country could stay in the union without having to pass through the unanimously vote to enter the eu , and we are not talking about scotland here . 
  i would bet that he actually said something more outrageous during the debate than that religious stuff . 
  i do n't know , is that money force you to vote for that candidate ? 
  i think its ok , it just that it should n't be up to a 50 % vote , but a 2/3 or something like that . 
  i feel the same about the catalunya referendum , a constitution change or brexit . 
  just over 50 % for game changing meassures does n't cut it for me, 
  no i 'm not . 
  i hate driving , there is something about it that does n't settle with me , i do n't own a car ; and i can see how handicaped i am because of that . 
  maybe if you are young , in your college days you get by , but in the adult world , sorry , you need a car . 
  of course it is , come on . 
  does n't match with my experience . 
  i 've only heard one girl to suicide and she was already in an asylum . 
  men hanging themselves because his father/mother/brother died , dozens of cases i 've heard . 
  yeah , no thanks . 
  i would hate a joint soverignity over that haven of criminals . 
  i would rather shut down the border and forget about it . 
   the outgoing president says he 'll do everything possible to prevent such a result . 
  then he should endorse le pen , that will probably help to not get her elected, 
  can we complain about re4 too ? 
  we are not infested peasants with mexican accent . 
  if we throw around the word scientific like this is going to lose its meaning . 
  let 's say is well researched , i think we can agree on that . 
  that 's france fault though . 
  i would defend that shitposting in internet is culturally superior to actually gangraping a woman . 
  at least the chinese try the name in spanish , the other two is from english :(, 
  on the other hand , here there is not even the smallest one . 
  complete clear blue sky , perfect to use it as a green screen really . 
  that 's rome idea really . 
  put the goths in the military and give them weapons , what could possibly go wrong ? 
  bargain chips ... you can see when a term has come from a politic cabinet when is repeated in every article like its something . 
  i do n't understand how can britain get some bargain power from the spaniards living there . 
  as long as they know before hand , you can do soylent green with them for all i care . 
  i 'm disgusted about everything in this shitshow . 
  first and mostly , by the attacks on free speech in spain lately , this bus , that rapper insulting the king or the twitter guy glad that football ultras kill themselves . 
  scary as fuck what is happening in this country . 
  send help . 
  second by the catholics ; doing catholic things , too stupid to understand that they are harming their position . 
  laughable really . 
  third by the first offenders the `` transgender rights group '' since nobody cared what transgenders do , they stirr up shit by going onto the children , targetting them with their gender politics ; with their nonesense about the `` sex sense '' , natural non-binary diversity and false polls . 
  dark times ahead . 
   jurgen kantner and sabine merz had been abducted before - off somalia in 2008, 
   the day that theresa may triggers article 50 next month is reported to be the most likely cut-off date for when eu citizens will no longer have the automatic right to stay in the uk i would add this , even though it makes no sense to me ; article 50 is not out of the eu yet , there 'll still be common market and movement of people . 
  but i 'm not keeping up with this brexit thing so maybe it refers to something else , i only read 1/3 of the brexit articles that plague this sub , and comments are always more cringy than informational . 
  revealed ? 
  like it was a big secret , i had a job interview in madrid to work on a system like that for arabia saudi . 
  about two years ago , i was just searching for an offer to ask for a raise in my current job though so i never sign anything but i wo n't say the name of the company just in case ( its not spanish though , in the map would be one of those that say `` gave no info '' ) . 
  yeah this night rained mud , the cars on my street got pretty dirty . 
  more importantly who denounce it ? 
  who reported it ? 
  i do n't think anyone should go to jail for that childish garbage i just heard . 
  what a fucking clown , i hate hiphop , but those songs are beyond cringy . 
  so i do n't agree with this but is very hard to find sympathy for someone saying he is going to kill the king , all those politicians and agreeing with eta . 
  more outrageous is the 60k $ fine some guy on twitter got for saying that he was glad that football ultras kill between themselves , that one is way more important than this twat who should 've known better . 
  people who does not want anymore immigration ? 
  i would estimate 2/3 but like me , a lot of them would not vote for a right wing extremist with russian ties . 
  i do n't understand what is this far-right he says he is going to fight , le pen will get more votes than him in the first round for this one simple reason . 
   `` no , i 'll be voting marine le pen , my mind is made up , nothing will change it , '' he said . 
  `` it 's about immigration . 
  we 're paying our taxes and other people are benefiting , it 's as simple as that . '' so who is he fighting against ? 
  more than half the country ? 
  dont get me wrong , right now he is the guy i would prefer to win but if doing what the people of a country wants is populism i do n't know why we have democracy in the first place . 
  that is ridiculous . 
  it 's nation already built of 300m people , rich in resources , ahead of inovation by a mile from the rest , a cultural behemoth , their multinationals rule the world , biggest military in history to defend the dollar as the worlds currency . 
  he really does n't . 
  he is clearly a right wing troll false flagging this hard . 
  i would n't take my chances in those neighborhoods in spain , and we have one of the lowest rates of violent crimes in the eu . 
  i do n't pretend to know the situation in sweden but it would n't be surprising if there are areas in sweden i do n't want to find myself into . 
  printing money is a legit option , britain did it and america did it , and they were out of the gutter earlier than the eu . 
  you just can not do it forever . 
  austerity shrinks your economy , you do n't do this in a economic crisis , at most is usefull as a preventing measure , which was n't the case . 
  very short sighted german interests prime over real solutions , and we end up fucking up some economies and printing money later anyway . 
  because identity . 
  nobody cares if you are a bad [ muslim | christian | liberal | british | real madrid fan ] as long as you are a [ muslim | christian | liberal | british | real madrid fan ], 
  is that the real world ? 
  that article ? 
  that article that says nothing , put a random twitter line from an american citizen from iran who lives off western feminism . 
  and throw a couple of generalization `` yeah , it helps '' , `` that will show them '' meanwhile iran gets worse and worse by any freedom index .
