   low living standards compared to other eu states by your standards i guess . 
  number 25 in hdi higher than uk, 
  i would have better luck placing african countries than this but still i know where are the important ones , california , new york , washington , texas , florida , illinois , nevada and canada , 
  in spanish is : estonia , letonia , lituania it 's like the same name is transforming itslef , which make it very easy to remember . 
  no it 's not, 
  `` new scientific study suggest that human hair share 99 % of its composition with squid 's ink . 
  on a side note , mars moons could be older than we thought . '', 
  no wonder . 
  i do n't see anything wrong . 
  america 's plan , executed by us and his/its bitches . 
   that was all ready tried by some guy called francisco franco and it apparently only made people more determined not to be part of spain so ... 
  so it 's ok , seriously , there is not that many people that want gilbraltar . 
  i surely do n't . 
  but , if we can not have nice thing between neighbors , and all they give is smuggling and fiscal evasion + tantrums ( this goes both ways ) , just close the border and forget about it . 
   this franco chap . 
  i understand he 's a controversial figure in spain , what with being a dictator and state sponsored murder and all . 
  are you suggesting that his policies are ones you think should be followed ? 
  lousy argument , he also had some policies about hidroelectric energy , should we shut down the damns because of him ? 
  a national police friend of mine told me that it will be cheaper to beat the cop that insulting him , so there you have buenafuente . 
  i hope uk do that . 
  so spain can close the border with gilbraltar once and for all and problem solved . 
  the government does not promote romania neither your people outside . 
  i know this guy from my job who is going to marry a romanian girl next summer , anyway , the girl is going this winter to romania to see her family ( her family move back to romania but she stayed ) . 
  so my colleague asked for some free days to accompany her and do some tourism in romania . 
  well , she refuse/reject him to go there , she started saying awfull things about romania and even asked her soon-to-be mother in law to convice him not to go . 
  or romania is a horrible place , or she is cheating on him . 
  `` need '' is such a strong word but the media always use it like it 's nothing, 
  yeah , it 's all about controlling the internet . 
  the rape porn is just the acceptable angle to enter . 
  is beign `` carne '' ( flesh ) colour my whole life without a problem . 
  [ russian salad ] ( http://www.enjoyyourcooking.com/wp-content/uploads/2009/02/russian-salad-olivier.jpg ) also for whatever reason , we call the hamburger `` russian steak '' even though is american ... 
  and spain too , man so frustating . 
  i always thought that we still carry the dictatorship stigma , bipolar society with too much hatred for the other side to be able to punish your own corrupt politicians because that means helping the `` other side '' . 
  but looking at you , italy i mean , i feel that even without that stigma we will be the same , no hope . 
  so depressing . 
  i 've read two stories about the the fucking veil . 
  the taxi driver all about muslim terrorism-veil etc , the guy disapointed with his brother for not going full islam . 
  and the woman with 2000 kids . 
  the only thing i learned is that none of them integrate a shit . 
  `` i am dannish , somali and muslim '' sure you are !, 
  i read 5 of them . 
  i still know nothing about somalis , it is only muslim propaganda . 
  is this serious ? 
  joke ? 
  random ??? 
  the gibraltar one is kinda of meek too . 
  i mean is just a [ rock ] ( http://www.geopoligonos.com/images/web/bahiaalgeciras-grande.gif ), 
  germanic origin spanish words , are all about war , weapons and feudal system . 
  each their own i guess . 
  defaulting is kinda of bad , just get out of the euro make your own coin and start inflating it till you pay your debt with colour papers . 
  do you want to see how far default domino could go ? 
  do n't pay debt . 
  maybe ? 
  a spanish black moor servant named pietr , really ? 
  it 's the first time i 've heard of this and i actually have close dutch friends . 
  i 'm going to bother them about this right now but man ... traditions are hard . 
  at least in spain our black christmas guy is a king so it was esasy to replace him with actual blacks instead of simulate one . 
   if you become a reserve currency you can basically print as much free money as you want . 
  if you print as much free money as you want , you basically stop being a reserve currency . 
  what i wanted to point out is that is not applied to just `` etarras '' . 
  it is applied for everyone who have commited various murders or rapes like the junkie of alc\u00e0sser . 
  mass murderers too much ? 
  multiple murderers ? 
  serial killers ? 
  i do n't know but i use reddit to practice my english , please tell me . 
  that 's why i avoided the word eta, 
  really ? 
  can we just pay a fine to the ue for not respecting the treaties instead of releasing tens of mass murderers and rapists just for a temporal legal limbo ? 
   the hypocrisy of the greek authorities in alleging child abduction and trafficking on the basis of no evidence whatsoever is stunning in light of the agia varvara scandal of only a decade ago . 
  how come the child trafficking has no evidence ?? 
  the gypsies are n't her parents , and she is not registered in any adoption . 
  the parents contradicted themselves when interrogated , and the kid does not speak the language . 
  i do n't know , what more evidence does the autor need ? 
   ... and search every single roma gypsy camp in greece do n't stop at greece, 
   percentage of population with whole or partial european ancestry this is not about who is more `` european '', 
  ireland easily . 
  they got a lot to make up for their weather , i love it when i was there . 
  funny thing is , when my friends and i have traveled to los angeles , gdansk or ( and ? ), 
  amsterdam , we met some irish guys there and we end up tagging alone every time , fun people you got there . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  the egyptian pharaos were vikings . 
  it is right on the first page on stormfront, 
   their fishing industry pretty much relies on access to the north sea on a side note . 
  if i got one euro everytime a country has said the same thing about the spanish fishing industry i could buy catalonia by now . 
  edit : and do n't get me wrong , i do n't support the sea cleansing that my country is doing . 
   $ 1 million ( $ 740,000 )  the world 's super-wealthy . 
  bitch pls, 
  - collapsing demography - collapsing cultural cohesion basically the same problem . 
  but a big one . 
  - zero military power ?? 
  on the other hand , our gypsys find it funny the name of `` brazo de gitano '' : [ gypsy 's arm ] ( http://www.elrincondemarimel.com/micocina/gitano3.jpg ), 
   it also explains why there is a three-hour lunch break , which includes a siesta ok, 
  they are not coming to our countries , you know . 
  we are just the frontier but , for example , the subsaharian ones that comes to spain head to france , they even talk french and all ... , 
   are important in cutting them and balkans off from russia why is everyone so concerned with russia ? 
  just asking not judging . 
  whatever . 
  poland is nato and so is swed ... wait a moment ... 
   if you visited all those countries close to you you can expand the circle . 
  while moving it away for finland , ok , i think i 'm doing the same with portugal,
