with all the colonies we had ... to have to say portugal ... sigh, 
  shh , there is a new tendency to call xenophobic to people who say that they do n't care . 
  it 's only acceptable to congratulate them for their bravery or nod in silence . 
  young people ca n't get a job and studying solves nothing . 
  unhappiness is knowing tomorrow will be worse than today . 
  it 's not borders it 's rightfull spanish clay . 
  olivenza , gibraltar , ceuta , melilla , canary islands oil ... and the most important perejil hell !, 
  i would even give it a go for cuba to be honest . 
  a ) terrorism is a serious issue to be taken that lightly . 
  b ) we are at war , but europe have n't noticed yet . 
  c ) anti-semitism is on the rise again . 
  d ) all of the above . 
  some of us will come back, 
  we all know that unemployement in spain is 25 % its bombarded constantly in the media , constantly . 
  and yet you tell me that spaniards answer 45 , bullshit . 
  then there is other data that looks wrong , like life expectancy , immigration or the one about neets . 
  6 sons ... who does that nowadays ? 
  ra\u00fal and some noble families . 
  can we put freudian slips ? 
  our actual president have some mayor ones . 
  - i want to tell the spaniards that eta is a great nation ... spain , sorry , spain is a great nation - mr. president , ladys and gentlemens of the parliament i ... what are you laughing at ? '', 
  ( he was already the president ) - at the end of the day , human beings are people . 
  - it 's ... very ... difficult ... todo esto . 
  ( when trying to speak english with cameron , `` todo esto '' means `` all of this '' , now , this is funny to us because `` todo esto '' at the end of a sentence is used when you are giving up explaining things ) and i 'm not posting open mic quotes , where you can see the true rednecks our politicians are . 
  are you saying that a young man in his 18s that lives in a mud pool with no future , but with a neighbor with a metal sheet house , because his son went to europe and is sending money back , its going to keep living there because they are not rescuing the ones that get stranded at sea ? 
  well i have news for you . 
  the only effect for not rescuing is more dead people . 
  the only way for them not to come , it 's that they do n't get to stay ... or that they will be ok in their country which is unrealistic . 
  wrong aproach by the uk , it 's their responsability as much as ours at the border , since they are the ones generating the pull effect . 
  the rescue is necessary i do n't see how can anyone argue against that . 
  other thing is that they should n't get to stay after that , the whole `` i touch eu soil then i 'm in '' should be totally erased . 
  is it autumn already ? 
  boy , is the cold arriving so late this year . 
  of course , we have the best gypsys you can have , but they still drug deal , steal , abuse and isolate themselves from society and law , like any other gypsy . 
  r/europe likes to talk about gypsys from time to time , but in my opinion it 's a fool errand . 
  they 've been here for a millenium and i bet they 'll still be here after another one doing exactly the same things they do today and did back then . 
  it 's something we will have to accept , do n't get too nazi nor too idealistic , and move on . 
  you ca n't steal other romas . 
  i mean taking that bus is the closest thing to work they do . 
  looks like posing against the eu is popular these days, 
  we have in the front page of europe right now , one new about how spain ( pro austerity ) is getting out of the crisis and another one bashing italy and france economy ( anti austerity ) what a surprise !, 
  it means polarization . 
  i always had the impression that the british would prefer the eu not to exist altogether , but since it does better be inside it . 
  it 's just a feeling i could be wrong . 
  [ superlopez ] ( http://www.cachislamar.com/images/poster06.jpg ) for sure . 
  to be honest we had our own captain in comics , [ capit\u00e1n trueno ] ( http://tecnoslave.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/02/capitan-trueno_0.jpg ) but medieval , pretty old , my father had the comics and i read some of them ; the bad guys were some french aristocrat plotters and the [ turks ] ( http://www.koomic.com/components/com_virtuemart/shop_image/product/edbcaptr001_es.jpg ) if i remember correctly the boy was english , and the woman some viking princess named sigrid . 
  i mean , surfing the mediterranean with a nordic cutie , and removing kebap with your erasmus friends while pissing off the french , that was truly the high-life . 
  in spain we say euros in plural ... unless you are andalusian ... 
  [ enlightenment ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/age_of_enlightenment ) also being in europe to leave ex-colonies out of the club . 
  ... their wives , and then they shoot themselves ( they should try to change the order for better results ) . 
  they wo n't even give you the chance to hunt them down . 
  yeah this map is a little bit old . 
  i remember looking at why asturias was that high , and found that it spiked that year and got 3 times the usual murders with gypsy clan feud included, 
  i wanted to be an homicide inspector like in the movies , but i was born in europe :(, 
  no , it means that she is cured , that she no longer has the virus . 
  the dog was killed because we do n't really know that much about ebola , and everything we know is by observation , and politicians did n't want to think too much over it . 
  i read some about this in the spanish press , that new zealand had it for sure because they were never there and the anglos want them in . 
  so it was between turkey and spain , and spain was backed by the eu countries ( sans uk ) and latin america ; and the only way for turkey to got it was by heavy lobbying african and asian countries which are unreliable at best . 
  so it was n't because isis or erdogan policies . 
  it 's just bribes and gepolitical mambo jambo , i do n't know what 's so good about that shit anyway . 
  the thing is that africa 's population is very young , 2/3 of the african population is under 30 years old that 's why they know it 's going to keep going up exponentially for some generations . 
  just started watching it : `` we have include turkey in europe to make it bigger '' well this is promising . 
  so ... are we winning ? 
  i have another plausible reason ; we are too lazy to walk up stairs :|, 
  edit : never mind it 's explained below, 
  i heard is will try to get the rights for the sequel , it 's going to be a trilogy . 
  i 'm not ok with this , all poles i encounter are hard working people . 
  but that 's british mitology though , i mean , cayetana fitz-james stuart is the true heir to the crown of scotland . 
  i must say that for spain i would go with [ gamusinos ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-jdp0xe4yph8/tybc6_rlwpi/aaaaaaaacoi/fiefuq9zdw8/s1600/gamusino-pek.jpg ) recurrent joke when camping when i was a kid , to go to the forest at night to find them , it 's nice excuse to get gored by a boar doing stupid shit . 
  then there is all sorts of nymphs and other beatifull killer forest women that every spaniard wants to be murdered by . 
  i would go with [ callos ] ( http://www.decaminoamicocina.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/receta-de-callos-paso-a-paso.jpg ) , i know it looks iffy but it 's just beef guts immersed in fat , nothing to worry about , 
  wherever old people is at . 
   they are austrians obviously not, 
  it 's pretty easy actually, 
  `` ken 's philosophy is that a scholar must also be a public historian . 
  ultimately , we have to tell our stories to an audience and , unless our inquiries offer a fresh insight into the human condition , we are ultimately destined for irrelevance and antiquarianism . '', 
  what 's the problem , the plan is even better , more homeless friends to cuddle with . 
  tell him to stay there , just in case . 
  so the a nurse that has been in contact with the two infected guys has eat infected vomit piss snot saliva ... also the nurse have been moving around for two weeks . 
  i suggest you do n't touch anyone, 
  it does not matter , she is being going around for two weeks . 
  there will be more cases . 
  fortify the pyrenees . 
   china , the soviet union , the us , russia and serbia so apart from serbia the usual ones . 
  china the us , and russia two times . 
  what is racist there ? 
  is culture or religion above judgment ? 
  if you criticize spain for allowing bullfighting can i call you a racist ? 
  upvote for visibility . 
  only white people can be racist , you know , the rest are too shitty to feel superior to others . 
   my claim to foreign blood would be at least 300 years old are you implying that you know your full genealogical tree up to 300 years ? 
  `` people '' is such a wide and bland concept . 
  i 'm more than people . 
  i find that there are lots of things that define me , my language , my nationality , and even the religion in my enviroment even though i 'm an atheist . 
  since recently one of the princess have been involved in corruption and the king abdicated , people feel like there is a chance to thrown them out . 
  they made a manifestation called `` rodea el congreso '' `` encircled the congress '' ?? 
  so it does n't surprise me they end up eating batton . 
  this new is so meh . 
  is internet joke, 
  that sounds better , i just pretend to speak english but it 's a ruse .
