  i agree with you . 
  a country should be able to put the law they want . 
  a company who wants to deal with them have to follow them rules . 
  because the rules are disgusting to that company 's country , they made it optional for their workers . 
  i see no problem whatsoever . 
  i actually like suvs and if they cost the same as a regular car and spend the same fuel , i would have one . 
  as it is , it 's very unnecessary for me , but you do n't need to be a pretentious fuck to want one . 
  i read that messi put his money there after he got caught the first time . 
  messi pls , pay your taxes . 
  she said , `` veil , negroes and slavery '' in the same sentence . 
  send her to jail !, 
  yeah , its pretty hard to explain that they are not the stupid ones , we are . 
  striping citizenship makes no sense . 
  gifting citinzenship from cereal boxes does n't either . 
  now we only need to share that gdp between us as good as them ; and i use `` good '' as the loosest term . 
  trying to put a graph for all spaniards is misguided i would say . 
  it can be so different from person to person that it 's not even funny . 
  lots of people in spain can still go home at midday with his kids and eat lunch at home , since the break for kids is two hours , people with kids take those two hours . 
  i 've never been in a school cafeteria for example , i 've always eat lunch at home . 
  myself : i got up at 7:30 i 'm at work at 8:00 , work till 14:00 go home to eat and come back in an hour go home at 18:00 . and i usually go sleep at around 1:30 am , i compensate with 2hour siesta on friday because we do n't work friday afternoons . 
  and lots of people in my workplace do that . 
  i work in it . 
  the breakfast thing is veeeeery weird . 
  i do n't do breakfast at all , like a lot of my coworkers , while others take breakfast at around 11:00 or something in a job break . 
  so that 's what i guess is the green-yellow cross area . 
  but definetly nobody wastes 1 hour and half doing breakfast early in the morning like the graph says , because spanish breakfast , the ones who does it , it 's very minor . 
  culturally , i did n't expect that . 
  so if they were richer they still would n't be western ... interesting . 
  so what about argentina ? 
  spanish speaking italians , christians and richer than poles . 
  so brazil is not western ? 
  if he is like below 20 and did n't like football it 's perfectly normal to not now who he was . 
  if he have my age would be impossible not to . 
  disgusting comment, 
  lots people saying `` nothing '' while the socialists are done and the fn rising up, 
  it 's ok , i stopped giving you money . 
  i would start by declaring islam a `` destructive sect '' , i do n't know what 's the legal term in english or german , but whatever scientology is in your country . 
  that 's not strawman , i 'm arguing against the politically correct trope `` i repect all beliefs '' which is false and i hope one day we stop saying bs like that . 
  i dont care too much for actors , but javier bardem has very good press about how great he is as an actor , apart from the whole hollywood stuff . 
  just saying , friendo . 
  like racism , fascism , communism those are beliefs too . 
  do you respect them too ? 
  i 'm not saying religion is as bad as racism , i just find funny the quote `` i respesct others beliefs '' because it 's false , we do n't . 
  fucking religion man , they got a pass on things that many other ideologies can not . 
  it 's not like i have a worst one , but the whole red-white-blue from half of the european countries is super bland . 
  even so , i think that the uk one looks the best , hate to admit it , but there you go . 
  about spain , i must admit that i love having the coa in the flag , even though it 's undrawable . 
  high school was way earlier , at least in my time . 
  16-18 was the optional part , was called `` bachiller '' i do n't follow education since then , and they change the system every time there is a shift in government . 
  i also think that the thick accent is half the video too . 
  east andalucian which i 've been told is actually a thing . 
  its a fucking list . 
  call me when they only check a pair of them . 
  also i put the three main reasons first , reasons that will never change . 
  islamic . 
  biggest influence in the chamber , and bordering 3 mayor hotspots in the world . 
  turkey joining the eu is delusional . 
  it 's not about me wanting it or not ; it 's just that it never gon na happen . 
  i hope turkey get a special treaty and deals with the eu , because we should pull them to us no push them away . 
  do n't bother . 
  if after explaining this for 4/5 years it 's still brougth up it 's staying . 
  better ignore this threads . 
  are you kidding me ? 
  an islamic country , with more voting power than germany and bordering siria , iran and iraq . 
  not mentionning , that its poor ( comparing ) , with terrorist organizations , territorial conflicts with other eu countries , with a history against europe . 
  and to enter the eu you need unanimous vote for every other country in the eu . 
  seriously , the actual regime is just one more reason , no the reason . 
   when i was a little kid pretty sure you still are . 
  i know my first 8 surnames . 
  and except one that is less than 2000 people , the other 7 are in the top 15 . 
  i 've never thought i would felt so bad for donating to acnur last year . 
  i payed so they can help the refugees wherever they are , not to fucking bring them here and call me a bigot in the media . 
  swear to god , never again . 
  never is too much , let 's just say it 's not on the menu . 
  i usually do n't do this but this time i will . 
  i 'm going to speak on behalf of all the spaniards and say that : we are ok with the free riders , from our part you can free ride all you want , we do n't mind . 
  have a nice day . 
  this is more anti-austerity than pro-austerity if that 's what you want to know . 
  ( aim for privates , though ) but do n't ask for an economist to tell you what 's better , that 's like asking a priest what religion is better , each his own . 
  garlic m8, 
  nobody has shown anything about `` political regeneration '' , in fact i would say that podemos wanting to form a government with 51 % of the seats and rule against the other 49 % is actually pretty much the same as always . 
  so yeah i do n't agree with your measerument on that . 
  and the rest is what i said , right -- left . 
  it is really that simple . 
  * where you have the pot dont put in your cock * do n't mix work with pleasure basically . 
  there may be like a thousands sayings really . 
  another classic : * or we all fuck or we throw the whore to the river * everyone has to get his share . 
  this is very easy to understand . 
  pp -- ciudadanos -- psoe -- podemos this is the political spectrum of spain , right ? 
  well none of those parties accept a government with a party 2 kevin bacon 's degrees from themselves . 
  and that 's it . 
  i can not fathom what will he do to a country named monte negro . 
  and in the coast lots of british . 
  i must say that this feels right for madrid . 
  there is lots of people from ecuador . 
  when you say let migrant pass what do you mean ? 
  greece is guilty of many things , but the migratory crisis ??? 
  give me a break !, 
  the human rights are clear , you can not take them back . 
  greece is 10 million people , they can not take , feed and process one million refugees .
