  second , almost all governments work on red numbers , that 's the capitalist way , you borrow more money than you make so you can rise your gdp and compensate the deficit . 
  everyone does it . 
  suddenly , the debt and the crisis is because of the new political party in town . 
  it does not matter that they did n't exist at the time those populist communist scum are the ones at fault here . 
  congratulations on the brainwashing !, 
  whatever you buy it or you are just shilling it , i 'm glad to see that the right wing media has been able to put this narrative to work . 
  not trying to side with u/beckamegan whom you can look at his message history to see the kind you are arguing with but . . to say that we are running out of crimes commited in the name of islam ( not just by muslims ) it 's a falacy . 
  we have plenty to go by . 
  and what are this catholic values that still live on ? 
  compared with overall christians i mean ? 
  i 'm an atheist , i have n't been baptized , i came from an atheist families from far back ; and i do feel uncomfortable when i 'm lumped with catholics ; and it 's ok , i 'm from spain after all , i can understand that , but i can not think of anything `` catholic '' that is n't bad . 
  where does it says that the common effort of the eu is to bring muslims ? 
  he is right . 
  the crisis is due to the greeks that took all those loans the german banks were offering when they have an excess of capital . 
  it was also greek 's fault to accept the austerity measures proposed by , mainly , germany and the imf in exchange of a bailout that in time shrunk their economy even more . 
  and if they keep doing what germany wants , it will be greek 's fault again , not german 's, 
  what do you mean random ? 
  were n't they talking about gareth bale stalker , that you have to cry for the canapes for executives in july , and that the mother of the host was really a mask ? 
  it 's not random at all . 
   i 'm getting tired of people lumping all these countries together as if they were in the exact same situation . 
  but really really tired . 
  i advise you to just assume that they have no clue what they 're talking about and ingnore them . 
  they go with this narrative that northern countries are giving handouts to southern countries and go happy about it . 
  just look at the op , he put italy which did n't even have a bailout , he put us , spain , when we did n't get austerity meassures attached to our `` bailout '' . 
  but he forgot ireland which had a worse bailout than spain and were forced to implement austerity ( that 's the difference to have the imf involved or not , by the way ) and austerity is being implemented anyway in countries outside of the so-called piigs . 
  whatever , i do n't care actually , i wo n't bother about this again . 
  nor is spain a smaller economy , nor it had a massive debt . 
  and the crisis has nothing to do with competitiveness but with the banking sector and the housing bubble . 
  and `` competitive '' in economical language means `` cheap '', 
   also cold literally robs you off energy . 
  so much this . 
  when it 's cold all i want to do is eat and sleep , it 's like entering hibernation . 
  i have less motivation to do things . 
  ive always said that if i were rich i would go to live in argentina from december to march , and never experience winter ever again . 
   spanish police is very famous for overdoing , arrogant behaviour and lying at courts . 
  a friend of mine , when he was riding a motorcycle , had his phone almost falling out of his pocket so he took his hand to it and push the phone down . 
  he was stopped at the moment by a police officier that was there . 
  he scold him for speaking on the phone while driving . 
  my friend got mad and tell him `` how the fuck would i be speaking with the phone with a fucking full helmet on ? '', 
  `` are you contradicting me , i was n't going to fine you but now i will '' spanish police everyone . 
  i must say , there is a lot of interesting data in that document the most disturbing one is that the majority of immigrants to spain between 20-35 years old are male , while the majority of immigrants from spain between 20-35 years old are female . 
  but she is right though , in october , unemployment always rises and the `` prima de riesgo '' ( risk premium ? ), 
  rises too . 
  that would be a bad timing to sell `` recuperation '' . 
  the break up between the two spains is older than right-left . 
  it come from 2 centuries ago , and in my opinion is well and alive , it changes names , acronyms , and icons but the inherited hatred is the same . 
  in my opinion , of course . 
   if things goes left/sinister fixed it . 
  if things goes right , this law will be dropped in a year . 
  it 's been condemn by every other party in spain , i mean oficially and in group ; and i do n't think pp is going to `` win '' next elections . 
  ( note the quotes ), 
  because they need bailouts to pay previous bailouts while the gdp goes down ? 
  if the gdp was going up , maybe you can make it up for the difference ; or if you had your own currency you could devaluate . 
  but if you need to get more in debt , and they ask you for more austerity that will bring your gdp down even more , i do n't see the point . 
  even the imf says the same , unpayable . 
  that 's true . 
  yeah no . 
  spain is not r/europe ; here in reddit , even as left leaning as it is , there is a lack of sympathy and responsability for what has happened to greece this past 4 years , which is also ez and imf fault : austerity failed , gdp keeps going down , and the debt is unpayable ; and the lack of goodwill the ez has show in these negotiations probably because political reasons , is a stronger reason for the spanish left to support greece than whatever game tsiripas is playing for the opposite . 
  without the fear of spain getting out of the euro , podemos voter 's pool will be even more railed up . 
  i , myself , wo n't vote podemos , i have voted psoe in these past elections and i will probably do it again in the next ones , you can quote me on that i like putting my cards on the table , but i still like them ( podemos ) as well as i like ciudadanos ; i think both will do good for spain ; and as of now i have no love for the ez , the ecb and germany government that it 's been bringing the imf interests wherever they are not invited ; they are n't defending shit , they 've been preaching for an economical doctrine that i think it 's clear have failed in greece ; and keep pushing for it whatever the consecuences . 
  do n't assume that because i have a spanish flag im against a catalonian referendum , because i 'm not . 
  amount of first world countries that starts with ` x ' in the last 500 years . 
  0 checkmate atheists, 
  i guess that 's the different mentality we have . 
  i do n't want a politician to make the tough decision for my country . 
  for important things i want a referendum . 
  it 's just common sense, 
   i 'd be very afraid they turn the country into the next venezuela . 
  [ so in which way are they becoming venezuela exactly ? 
  ] ( https://www.google.es/publicdata/explore?ds=d5bncppjof8f9_&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_mktp_cd&amp;idim=country:ven:col:arg&amp;hl=es&amp;dl=es#!ctype=l&amp;strail=false&amp;bcs=d&amp;nselm=h&amp;met_y=ny_gdp_mktp_cd&amp;scale_y=lin&amp;ind_y=false&amp;rdim=region&amp;idim=country:ven:grc&amp;ifdim=region&amp;hl=es&amp;dl=es&amp;ind=false ) venezuela has some serious problems with democracy and liberty but economically they have been better since they stop being a proxy . 
  so unless you are saying greece it 's going to become some kind of commie authocratic regime or something , i do n't see your point . 
   the worst seemed to be over . 
  then why did imf asked for another batch of unreasonable cuts and more austerity . 
  imf meassures have been awfull for the economy and the debt is not gone but it keeps rising , imf debt really deserves to be called odious and be default upon . 
  i would probably vote ` no ' and keep my shit at home and do n't have to hear imf , ecb or dijsselbloem ever again . 
  but to be honest if they wanted to go that road they should have done it 3 or 4 years ago , now i feel it 's too late either way . 
  it 's not really going to happen tbh . 
  yeah , an opinion , many in fact , but still it 's not one-sided at all . 
  may 16 , 2012 . 
  3 years of austerity change things . 
   those that are afraid and started pilling up money and food and i can not get into their thinking . 
  i do n't know about the food , but i would be pilling up euros if i were greek , that 's for sure . 
  i think the only interesting thing that happened last week in spain is that they are prosecuting a guy from the new madrid government for puting [ black humour jokes ] ( http://elpais.com/elpais/2015/06/15/inenglish/1434361260_451803.html ) on twitter 4 years ago . 
  i 've read there is 27 dead , some of them foreigners , some of them tunisian . 
  the attack have been on two hotels ( one of them is from a spanish firm ) if we also count the kuwait bombing ( worst terrorist attack they 've had ) , we have 3 islamic attacks about the same time . 
  no i did n't , now that i read it again more carefully i can see that . 
  anyway , it 's common to see this kind of arguments being made of . 
  i really hate when you people put those kind of statics . 
  when we count islamic crimes , we do n't count the crimes made by muslims , but the crimes made on behalf of islam . 
  if people systematically kill people all over the world on behalf of a religion ; said religion is accountable for that . 
  i always say this , muslims per se are not the problem , they are people , the problem is islam . 
  it 's not about being tolerant or not , islam by any western standard is unacceptable . 
  i have a question because i did n't followed this at the time . 
  but the white females are n't british right ? 
  like i can not understand how this could happen in a british school ; to people with a family , i do n't know . 
  also the police excuse looks ridiculous , i mean abusing `` underage '' girls , what does less for community cohesion than that . 
   i think property rights are more important than a criminal 's right to safely rob people . 
  50 upvotes, 
  i think he means he is from the philipines , it is asian , but it was spanish , mexican and american . 
  there is turkey but there is also everyone else .
