well , that has been known to be speculations for a while now , guess its confirmed . 
  i do n't care much since there is nothing to see in lt only stupid politicians . 
  no , its just the hallucinations from malnourish that makes it seem okay . 
  ( jk we love you latvia < 3 ), 
  they 're about how slow you guys speak ( well , it sounds like it ) . 
  well , does n't explain much :d since you mentioned it attracted attention i thought that there is maybe a source to this . 
  hmm , i wonder where did they find such a hole in vilnius . 
  how is a slow waltz called ? 
  estonian rap . 
  an estonian found a goldfish . 
  when he finished saying his wish the fish already started to stink . 
  no worries , atleast now we know that we chose wrong . 
  you see we had three choices of making an alliance . 
  first one was poland which we thought was great since we were both strong countries . 
  the second one was russia which was n't great , since we did n't like their religion . 
  the third one was teutonic order . 
  we did not like the offer since they would take our klaip\u0117da . 
  which has our port . 
  so yea , guess whatever would we have chosen would n't have ended great for usin the end . 
  hey bbf who took our land and enforced your language and made our people poor . 
  nice to meet you , 
  not saying thay ca n't use their language , just saying striking against learning the language of the country you live in is arrogant . 
  pretty much except lithuanian and other language classes, 
  they use the mix of belarussian , russian and polish languages . 
  trust me , a reeaaally small part of them can actually speak proper lithuanian and they do n't even speak polish either, 
  feels right somehow . 
  not sure why . 
  interesting , have never heard of this . 
  can you link something ? 
  is of no slavic origin is of pure sanscrit , is original , is oldest language in eu . 
  is proud, 
  except the article got the wrong country in the title, 
  seems like estonia ca n't into nordic, 
  latvian language is like a german trying to speak lithuanian/samogitian, 
  russians do n't count since most of them immigrated while we were invaded and then stayed here, 
  the jobless went to uk and ireland to scrub toilets . 
  amount is not equal to popularity ? 
  honestly , we have the center point of europe near our capital so finding our place should be easy, 
  nice try estonia , editing wikipedia was smart . 
  i can pretty much understand written latvian but you guys have a completely different pronounciation, 
  must be a northern europe thing . 
  i feel bad for joking and deaths like that are sad . 
  taip and ne, 
  you dare call our great port memel ? 
  i see the germans did their brainwashing well . 
  i suggest lithuania declares it 's claims to belarus and a part of kaliningrad then . 
  lithuania used to export food to russia but now we export to belarus and they send it to russia . 
  smart lukashenka getting dem tax dollars, 
  i really hate whenever this article comes up . 
  out of people i know like only a couple of them have heard of this and none of them support it . 
  but for some reason this got really popular outside of ltu and makes us seem like we are against drafting and mandatory service, 
  send in the freedom !!, 
  it 's not the baltics it 's the place called small lithuania which has lithuanians living there for a really long time, 
  i mean this is n't lije it was in russian times where they just take everyone . 
  they 're mostly taking people who are n't seeking higher education and are even paying them . 
  those who whine about this really wo n't be doing anything better with their time than learning the basics of a profession . 
  it 's near kaliningrad border i think, 
  is n't that like , the norm unless you 're old an do n't give a fk ? 
  why is this article a thing ? 
  this ambassador is butthurt about being on the east side of europe . 
  we have never been nordic because we have 0 cultural similiarities and we 're not eastern european either because we have many differences . 
  we 're just baltic like latvia . 
  this is just a random statement nade by an ambassador . 
  noone in lt thinks were northern or central europe . 
  we always were baltic and we always will be . 
  this map seems to be really old since czechoslovakia is still there, 
  we deserve a prize aswell . 
  they ca n't spell our names right :d they wrote palauskas instead of paulauskas and kubilus instead of kubilius . 
  also they did n't use any \u0104 , \u010c , \u0118 , \u0116 , \u012e , \u0160 , \u0172 , \u016a so technically they would n't ban anyone since their names are n't right :d, 
  i mean the whole idea of religion is that you follow the teachings of god . 
  means you believe in god and that is the main idea behind christianity . 
  going to church at all is considered religious . 
  if you believe god exists it means you 're religious . 
  i read somewhere that 98 % of polish people are religious and even in lt people with a polish nationality are always christian, 
  yea i guess russian music is pretty popular, 
  the minorities are stronk . 
  they are always more inclined to vote than other people . 
  eurovision pts do n't represent the country 's views or song quality, 
  praise the lithuanians in ireland cuz our neighbours do n't love us . 
  same thing why we still hate russia . 
  they did n't do shit to us personally for a while . 
  still hate them . 
  hooray because people did n't give pity votes !!, 
  that 's just too cheesy . 
  for us , lithuanians , it means ukrainians so i guess we 're more positive to that . 
  we in lithuania are of no poor slavic culture we are proud balts from the baltics !, 
  pic5 that asian guy is like `` fuckin white people , never seen a map before ? '', 
  that feel when a lithuanian guy says that `` pipele '' is a lithuanian word ... 
  it 's latvian by the way . 
  cool photos but that 's one ugly lithuanian flag . 
  the chat is n't going that fast ^ ^, 
  wat , where do you live ? 
  the heating is already suppose to be on . 
  eastern europe is less urbanized so it has a lot of beautiful places, 
  well , to be fair , trump is sort of a living joke and reddit comments are basically 70 % overused jokes and 30 % legitimate discussion or original jokes . 
  so in a politics related subreddit chances are that you 'll see trump mentioned in every thread , unfortunately . 
  that 's cuz it 's about lithuania and how mickevi\u010dius misses his homeland after he was exiled . 
  as in his homeland is n't poland . 
  but that data is scewed because more people emmigrate from rural areas than from major cities so you could say it 's the same as them trading for the emmigrants who come back to bigger cities . 
  same .
