i could , but gays are n't exactly welcome in russia ...  public opinion in russia tends to be among the most hostile toward homosexuality in the world source : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_russia, 
  dear russia , why ca n't we be friends ? 
  i 'd like to visit your country and drink vodka with you one day , but you ca n't seem to let go of your old grudges . 
  they 're both checking their lap times but it 's obvious who 's going to win this race . 
  i burst out laughing . 
  good one . 
  nobody told me there are over 200 stars ? 
  in a storm , wind can vary by as much as 100 + kph , which is significant for a plane flying ~ 300kph . 
  this creates huge and unpredictable differences in how much lift each wing is generating from moment to moment . 
  the pilots are constantly making corrections to keep the plane level . 
  if they do n't feel confident they can land , they can abort the landing and try again . 
  however , commercial planes only carry barely enough fuel , so they get just a few landing attempts . 
  there was a different plane during this storm that managed to land when it was their third and last chance . 
  holy shit i was not prepared for these horrifying pictures . 
  it 's very hard to dislike italy , because there are so many good reasons like italy : pasta , pizza , lasagna , etc. 
  wow these is pretty intense . 
  i hope they figure something out ... 
  that just means you have nothing to lose !, 
  just an example ( amsterdam to berlin and back , next month ) : airplane : 1:40 flight time , $ 112 for a round-trip ticket . 
  train : over 7 hours each way for $ 90 total . 
  even including time lost on the airport the train is still a lot slower for similar prices . 
  airplane beats train for international journeys , the only exceptions are short journeys or high speed trains . 
  it 's a little surprising how expensive and inconvenient trains are now in the uk , as it was one of the first places with good rail network . 
  last time i checked international train and airplane tickets were similarly priced , and airplanes are a lot faster . 
  train is great for shorter distances though . 
  i was with my boss when he went to buy a bottle as a birthday present for someone ... 
  i do n't drink so i did n't have my id with me . 
  oops : / it 's just a really dumb rule . 
  it only punishes people who are unaware , because you can still buy for someone who is underage if they simply wait outside . 
  shows you they really do n't care about their customers , they 're just avoiding accountability . 
  also , peeing lowers blood pressure so that can make you dizzy enough to fall in the first place . 
  it 's hard to tell when snow covers everything :d, 
  a raised highway is cheaper than a sunken highway , but it 's also uglier , noisier , and worse for the environment . 
  this is a beautiful area so they were n't allowed to build the highway above ground . 
  lots of dikes have roads on them , longest highway/dike being de afsluitdijk . 
  but that 's a very different situation from the one in the image . 
  we do get mosquitos in summer . 
  i think i 'm lucky because at some point i became immune to the bites . 
  glad to see they thought of the animals at need to get to the other side . 
  hopefully they 'll make it across safely !, 
   kinda sucks for the people who now live next to the highway . 
  i wonder how much they 're compensated ? 
  turkey has been warning russia for months not to enter its airspace , and they took down a russian drone recently . 
  it 's hard to believe the jet entered turkey by accident , so the question is why would russia want to provoke turkey ? 
  it does n't have to piss off anyone to be a good cover . 
  this one is sending a positive message : terrorism wo n't stop us from living . 
  i think it 's also a smarter response than all the calls for more violence . 
  you really do n't want to know how many systems still run on outdated windows versions ... 
  yup , it 's intentional . 
  i think it makes you feel like you 're trying to keep up with momma , just like the little one . 
   it 's better to post the original and then post a mirror in a comment in case the site goes down . 
  i disagree . 
  when a small personal website hits reddit frontpage it can cost a lot of money in bandwidth and/or make the website unavailable for everyone until things get resolved . 
  for pictures it 's better to use imgur and put the source in the comments like op did because that way people who are interested in more information can still visit the photographer 's site . 
  the only exception is when a website is actually set up for monetization . 
  populated coastal regions in less developed nations are at far greater risk . 
  maybe we should export our knowledge like we did after katrina , but this time hopefully before a disaster flood ? 
  coal pollution kills thousands each year in the us as well , it 's ridiculous that trump can mention `` coal '' and `` clean '' in the same sentence and no one bats an eye . 
  all they need is a strong leader and a different group of people to blame for everything that 's wrong , and most people will no longer want to question their beliefs . 
  propaganda like that is scarily effective . 
  i 'm sorry your family believes that crap , i hope one day they can all see the truth again . 
  is that why his foreign policies have become more aggressive ? 
  it 's basically the plot of john wick . 
  yeah stuff like brexit happens every year . 
  ok , but what about when the wind is n't blowing and the sun is n't shining ? 
  because large scale energy storage is still a big problem . 
  i never went to actually google it , but i was always kind of wondering ... 
  industrial revolution baby !, 
  everybody was burning coal , european cities had horrible smog . 
  it was build for the 1889 world exposition on a temporary permit . 
  many thought it was an eyesore , but the government decided to keep it because it was valuable for communication purposes . 
  thanks for the lesson  let 's hope this all ends well for the turks . 
  maybe the reason it works so well is because the generation that remembers what happens after has now died out . 
  the public has no idea how the invisible health impact of coal compares to the risks of nuclear power . 
  i think if they did , we would n't still be building new coal plants ... 
  it 's still important to increase general awareness on the issue of net neutrality , because corporations will take advantage if people do n't care . 
  i think this link is more informative though : https://savetheinternet.eu, 
  do you have an english source that explains it in more detail ? 
  for once i 'm actually impressed by the autogenerated subtitles . 
  but why is the sound coming from only one side . 
  even if i was a straight male i still would n't want to live there for all the money in the world . 
  how could you feel safe in a country where people get locked up without trial for being raped or for having a speck of weed on the sole of their shoe ? 
  and the things i read about the way they treat minorities ... everything about their culture and climate seems hostile to me . 
  press the play button next to the thumbnail on reddit to show the gif , rightclick on it and choose `` show controls '' . 
  then you can pause the video and study the individual frames . 
  well we just celebrated may 5th, 
  bosnia and herz ... what was it called again ? 
  * hovers flair * damn you, 
  i 'm short for a dutch guy but i 'm still tall in places like asia :p no issues with clothes and doors is a plus . 
  this is increasing tensions with immigrants here in europe as well , and i do care about the brainwashed turks starting riots in my neighbourhood ... 
  it 's a very deliberate move to increase support for erdogan . 
  remember that the turkish only get erdogan 's side of the story , now that he controls the media . 
  in his version of events europe are the bad guys , and it lets erdogan increase his power with the support of his people . 
  there 'll be a looong process of them trying to form a coalition of 4 + parties . 
  if that does n't work we 'd have to go vote again . 
  yes , it 's going to be very difficult to form a coalition . 
  if they ca n't make it work we 'll have to go vote again . 
  why do the trees even bother shedding their leafs, 
  we also completed two new coal plants on the maasvlakte . 
  i feel ashamed .
