they 're not denying android is a monopoly . 
  they 're saying apple should be sued first . 
  this comes to mind : [ my old enemy , my rival , my neighbour , my ally , my friend ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/609/815/941.png ) . 
  ------- let 's go create an union of our own , with hookers , blackjack , and no chance of turkey joining in . 
  would a kind soul please provide a tl ; dr , please, 
   rest assured that the door will officially close soon i can not come fast enough . 
  well , it is hugely sad to admit it , but you might be right . 
  we can do better quite easily , though . 
  it is not our duty to manipulate turkey into something they are n't . 
  what happened to sovereignty ? 
  why do you feel responsible for teaching turkey how to behave ? 
  it 's ok to be proud of being of a higher moral quality . 
  but the only proper way to project it is through example . 
  i 'm of the same opinion , that it so absurd it is a fantasy . 
  how about it is made official ? 
  because right now , the door is still `` officially '' open . 
  [ to quote wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/accession_of_turkey_to_the_european_union ) :  status : negotiating currently , there are people in our respective governments ( through the commission ) that are tasked with making turkey palatable to some other bureaucrats . 
  then they can join in . 
  you and i can only rely on hope that this process fail . 
  one day we 'll all wake up and discover that turkey has gotten into the eu . 
  make your discontentment over this known to your politicians . 
  vote for those that are vocal about ending this accession process . 
  eu has to respond with refusing accession once and for all , and making that loud and clear . 
   europe needs leaders with vision replaced by  europe needs leaders with a project ? 
  not german here . 
  i wish there were other contenders . 
  she seems to have done great work , but her actions towards immigration has been abysmal for europe . 
  other countries will have to live with people merkel invited . 
  in any case , immigration policies in a global freedom of movement area should be decided at said global area level . 
  i hope to see a new european treaty about this ( as i understand it ca n't be ruled on by the parliament currently , as well as taxes etc. 
   they dispute turkey is a `` safe '' third country and also allege the greek asylum system is not working . 
  maybe they would like a cheeseburger , a coke , and some fries to go with that ? 
  free of charge , of course . 
  / s refugees stop being refugees and become economic migrants the second they go past the first safe country . 
  we need new laws to protect this abuse of the refugee status . 
  people receiving it should be monitored closely , kept safe , and sent back as soon as possible . 
  never should they be allowed to come and integrate . 
  immigration and citizenship should not be acquired accidentally , they should only be granted to the very best of foreigners . 
  you two are thinking wishfully . 
  one day , you 'll wake up and learn turkey has been made a member in your back . 
  suspending is not enough . 
  we need a loud and clear ` no , and never ' . 
  there is way too much indirection between commissionner and citizens . 
  it leads to crappy , unreactive management . 
  how long did it take to secure our borders ? 
  1.5 years ? 
  also , it need priority over nations . 
  we ca n't have individual nations bringing outside immigration when there is freedom of movement . 
  the executive branch should be directly elected . 
  mmmh that sweet daily shot of carbs . 
  it is our own coca-cola . 
  while it is a very strong strategical help to have them , it is very dangerous to keep this door open . 
  exchanging uk for turkey would empty the eu of its meaning . 
  it would break apart . 
  just like the eu is currently experiencing a right wing wave , it would experience a leave referendum wave . 
  what would the eu be without france ? 
  le pen , bordering on 35 % , has promised one . 
  the very existence of the eu is at stake . 
  a large part of the population has made that clear . 
  there is a point at which differences between peoples is untenable . 
  and that point is crossed by having turkey . 
  now , turkey being and staying in nato should be something that we could continue to push for . 
  despite cyprus occupation , incursions in greek territory , kurd oppression , border claims , syrian rebels funding , armenian genocide denial , this newfound russian friendliness , the position of women in society , lack of freedom of speech , the coup attempt , and the coup purges . 
  strategy is strategy , but we should not have it encroach and access and dilute our identity . 
  what is there to do strategy for , then ? 
  the eu should stop this lie of a situation , and kill already this moribund accession process . 
  it is not honest towards turkey . 
  it is not honest towards eu citizens . 
  well , reading you was an edificating experience . 
  i 'm not the only one with a problem with guys like you , and turkey at large . 
  read it . 
  and answer . 
   you are struggling with english comprahension comprahension ? 
  comprehension ? 
  existance ? 
  existence ? 
  i 'll have you know i have worked in english settings in dubai and scotland for extended periods of time . 
  my english is damn near perfect , to the point where people are surprised i 'm french , thank you . 
   you are exactly the kind of person who supports dictatorship and attacks people on the streets in turkey . 
  someone who thinks with his asshole . 
  oh , you know me so well . 
  where does that even come from ? 
  you 're not even talking about the very sentence that you quoted ; namely that turkey is asking to join , not the eu . 
  now who is pulling an incoherent rambling out of his asshole ? 
  but please do tell me about your knowledge of people getting attacked on the streets in turkey . 
  because i know absolutely nothing about that . 
  we have peaceful streets here in france . 
  well , except in suburbs composed of poor immigration from around the mediterranean . 
  which we want to avoid reproducing . 
   european far-right is clearly a quality bunch you 'd be surprised in learning who i voted for over the years . 
   did i hurt your feelings or something ? 
  i would n't care if you died is what it means oh well , that 's fucking great . 
  is that an argumentation technique that is taught in turkey ? 
  stating out of nowhere you do n't care if the person you are talking to dies ? 
  well i do exist , i 'm very real , and i do n't want you nowhere near me . 
  and just like erdogan is begging to be in europe , you 're replying to me . 
  you expressed earlier you wanted to stop this conversation . 
  go on . 
  be a man of your word . 
  on my side , i do not wish you were dead .
