  sweden is an ivory tower . 
   oh , you 're that sort please do enlighten me at your capacity to label me , and under no circumstances address my arguments . 
  here is some more quotes for some more labels : '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' ''  as a liberal humanist here we go . 
  hey i was not that far with with the enlightenment . 
   as a liberal humanist i can probably fall quite neatly into the `` foreign culture '' category oh , you 're so mind bending you 're exiting yourself . 
  teach me your ways . 
  ---------  and calling referendum decision `` data driven '' i was not talking about a referendum when i talked about data driven . 
  here is some data that you can refer to : [ integration is a total failure . 
  there is only ghetto creation . 
  ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zjbs0 ) but hey a referendum can do too . 
  ---------  not scared of laying it on thick are you ? 
  not sure about the meaning of this . 
  i think you 're going too fast for me . 
  but do not bother thyself ; i need no further enlightenment , i 'm already sunburnt . 
  refugees stop being refugees and become economic migrants when they do n't stop at the fist safe country . 
  in france a lot of them do not feel at home because of the burkini bans . 
  they just do n't like our secular approach . 
  i say why not help them chose and transition to a better cultural fit for them ? 
  it could be like a mutually triggered amicable divorce , they could still come visit their friends on the holidays . 
  sweden is an ivory tower . 
  i wish more swedes would travel to what the world has to offer by coming to some parisian suburb . 
  they 'd be more skeptical and stop trying to suck refugees in all the way from afghanistan . 
   i think it this is the most unfair thing we could possibly do , and will show the ugliest side of the average eu citizen . 
  i do get that emotions can play a part . 
  but we have to be stronger that letting them rule us . 
  some hard calls must to be made . 
   unfair [ ... ] show the ugliest side it is just idiotic to be so self-absorbed as to care more about how the world perceives us than to make a data driven decision . 
  how about we get pragmatic about having a harmonious social fabric ? 
  foreign cultures do not integrate and are massively creating ghettos and sub-states in our own cities . 
  some cultures are not compatible , it 's a fact . 
  both are not bad per se . 
  they 're just incompatible . 
  ------  conditions of rule of law , corruption and democracy standard for accession , it should be allowed to enter . 
  it 's only fair , they are good standards , they are the standards of a liberal democracy , they should matter . 
  with enough time for reform , we can get the eu to span from vladivostok to pretoria with these criteria . 
  there must be a geographical , cultural definition . 
  the eu contains europe in its name , and europe stops before we reach asia . 
  and i 'm not talking about the asian continent . 
  i 'm talking about asia , the turkish province ; which gave the continent its name . 
  turkey does not belong in europe . 
  -------  fear-mongers , petty nationalism , revanchism , and simple ethnic and religious discrimination stop with the demonization . 
  at some point it is not the end of the world if turkey is only a neighbour with which we can have good relations . 
   the romanians and bulgarians already feel it with schengen how about giving europe 250 years ' time to build up a common identity ? 
  letting people marry each other on a massive scale . 
  usa had a hugely long time , and they 're still having internal racial problems . 
  going too fast on the eastern side made the uk leave . 
  having turkey in will break up the eu , i can assure you . 
  european governments can be coerced a lot by their fellow members . 
  we risk letting turkey being a member as a result of some internal negotiation . 
  germany - the most powerful member - will no hesitate to pressure softer eu members if their leader believe they can gain a few points on their turkish descent electorate . 
  look at what merkel did when she thought she could get charitable points ( granting asylum ) while letting others pay the bill ( resettlement rules ) . 
  and other countries ca n't do shit about punishing such actions electorally . 
  how about instead of having to speculate on some vetoing we get a referendum ? 
  how about instead of having referendums about leaving europe , we have referendums about what can make eu stronger ? 
  referendums about hard calls to make , referendums about what are the limits , referendums about things that make people want to leave . 
  if the uk referendum had tied remaining in the eu with being ultra tight on eu external borders , vetoing south or eastward expansion , they 'd still be in the eu !, 
  this is so sad to see our dearest friend the uk leaving , with turkey and its ever occurring crappy behavior on the other side . 
   the head of financial development for luxembourg said yesterday it was  a top frankfurt official said how about we hear it from the banks themselves ? 
  this is not all pretty , after all . 
   swifter eu accession talks if turkey ensures fewer people leave its shores for greece i wish there was a eu wide referendum into accepting turkey as a member . 
  it would show our politicians they are severely misguided , that turkey has no place in the eu . 
  how sad is it that a hundred million people had to mass-change towards right wing parties to tackle the single issue of controlling immigration ? 
  and how sad is it that turkey 's bid is entirely behind closed doors . 
  it will break apart the eu . 
  these words shine a light so bright into my heart . 
  at last the problem has been publicly acknowledged . 
  having northern-african countries on board would really seal europe !, 
  you guys got burnt pretty bad from when you were considering there was a ( racial ) hierarchy of people . 
  but come , on this nonsense has to stop . 
  greeks are not somalis . 
  that 's all settled , then . 
  the only missing part is enshrining it in a special status which replaces turkey 's accession bid . 
  also , offer it to lybia , tunisia , etc. 
  maybe greater integration of ni with ireland can yield economies of scale . 
  i mean it is better to have integration at the local level than to a remote location . 
  equal numbers are devoted to corsica from france ; but this is not the same situation . 
  corsica which has no choice as to being isolated or not . 
  also , ni is not that different from ireland , and ireland is doing somewhat ok on its own . 
  that 's great to hear !, 
  hopefully this saner situation can be reached quickly . 
  i guess there is a spectrum of no-go-zones . 
  i was talking about the zones urbaines sensibles , which are targeted with extensive urban programs , and are treated differently by the police . 
  maybe some of them are somewhat safe , but the situation is not pretty . 
  here is a map of them : http://imgur.com/a/zjbs0 source from : http://sig.ville.gouv.fr/atlas/zus/, 
  because it is dishonest . 
  also , maintaining a pretence is the best way to wake up one day and have turkey as a member . 
  which is definitely something that would not be sane . 
  the european people will feel so cheated that this would be the end of the eu . 
  how about having it as official , instead of this lie of a situation ? 
  some sort of neighbouring deal ; with reduced or no tariffs , uk-style migrant application on the outside , no freedom of movement , militaristic cooperation , etc. 
  applicable to morocco , lybia , tunisia , uk as well . 
  what would be the sentiment about this in turkey ? 
  edit : adding uk to the list of neighbours, 
  thank you for your love and support !, 
  french and scottish people have a lot in common . 
  i hope you felt warmly welcomed . 
  what happened to ile de france is a tragedy indeed . 
  almost a third of the area is classified as a no-go zone now . 
  i wish there was a way we could reverse or mend it . 
  it comes my from parents , who got it from their parents , in a chain that spans a very large number of generations .
