  -- now that you have nitpicked on one , what is your opinion on the other 14 points ? 
  savage . 
  hum , now i realize i ca n't really talk . 
   necessarily a significant amount of time will have to pass look . 
  it has been over 50 years . 
  when will they be ready ? 
  are they able to be ready ? 
  do they even want to be ready ? 
  do we really want them , or is it just a bureaucrat 's wet dream ? 
  at some point we have to stop forcing this unwanted marriage . 
  this is about the place of women in their society . 
  they way they tag and hide women . 
  they way they try to form a substate within france by not integrating . 
  they feel they are different so much that some of their members prepare attacks and kill 89 of our own . 
  albania , bosnia , kosovo never was the source of a terrorist on french soil . 
  also , they they have a low population number . 
  -- now that you have nitpicked on one , what do you think about the other 14 ? 
  i do n't get what you mean . 
  syrian rebels funding is n't in turkey 's eu accession chapter . 
  also , countries have a veto over accession of further members . 
  -- there is being technical ( turkey meets business practices standards ) . 
  and then there is : do we want them ( do we want a member that funds islamist militias to topple their neighbours ? ) . 
  they certainly could get technical accession . 
  but so can vietnam , if talks had been opened to them . 
  the truth is , turkey is just not compatible culturally with the eu ; and never will be . 
  -- oh hey , i almost forgot . 
  do you want of a country that allows law like the following to be proposed to its parliament : [ turkey withdraws child rape bill after street protests ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38061785 ) do you want of a country where this is a genuine , legitimate societal talking point ? 
  yep . 
  and i am not the only one . 
  i 'm wondering what you find palatable among the following : * shutdown of the press * cyprus occupation * incursions in greek territory * kurd oppression * border claims * syrian rebels funding * armenian genocide denial * a newfound russian friendliness * muslim society values * no language commonality * the position of women in society * lack of freedom of speech * the coup attempt * the coup purges -- we already lost the uk . 
  having turkey in would break it apart . 
  they have very different roots , values , ideas , and way of life . 
  on top of a political system that spouts crap . 
  it has been 50 years . 
  it is high time to end this lie of a situation with a loud , clear and final no to turkey . 
  it will never happen . 
  exactly . 
  turkey is a hugely different country , and it has absolutely no place in the eu . 
  because that would be allowing the essence of turkey 's accession to take place . 
  to let them be part of the last of the 4 freedom defined by the lisbon agreement . 
  also , let us not be fooled that this would be reversible . 
  it is exactly like entropy . 
  when you grant access to elements to a new area , they will roam freely within it and you have close to zero chance of them magically going back . 
  right now , they only way that has been found for afghans to go back home is to beg them and bribe them with 2500 euros . 
  and this is only for these that submit to being registered . 
  turkey 's accession is being determined by some bureaucrat that has to make a number go higher , who does n't care about the people of europe . 
  freedom of movement is fundamental . 
  and the eu playing with it like some negligible negotiation scrap is making my blood boil . 
  this kind of shit is exactly why we need to elect the president of the commission . 
  so we can throw them out the next election . 
  turks getting visa-free travel is bypassing our ability as individual countries to block turkey 's accession . 
  this commission is working against the eu people . 
  not the first time juncker is caught doing the two-face . 
  yep , that 's one far end of the spectrum . 
  i hope people recognize it for what it is . 
  but it will be alright imho . 
  the bubble is leaky : facebook shares and likes are semi-public , and people are being judged by their friends over this kind of news . 
  people do n't get that there is a massive variety in political opinions ; and thus there are myriads of ways to rate the importance of a fact . 
  with the advent of the internet , people will read the flavor of news that suits their preexisting opinions , their experience of life . 
  the usual tv news are catered to be pleasing to all . 
  it is becoming increasingly common to read different news than your neighbor . 
  and people are not accustomed to that . 
  this sudden fake news awareness - in the wake of trump 's election - might be some new subtle way of being in denial . 
  they do n't understand why would one vote that way . 
  that only demons can vote that way . 
  to me , part of it is because their media is no longer controlling the narrative . 
  their bubble is not the only bubble anymore . 
  i , for one , welcome this new variety . 
  but it has to come with increased skepticism . 
  and i hope people will adapt and react well to it . 
  because if they do n't , their will be need for censorship to be implemented . 
  and that is never a good thing . 
  i do n't want to trust zuckerberg , or some other high ranking moderator with any source of news , for anyone . 
   which is resulting in people in the steel industry losing their jobs , '' merkel said in her weekly podcast . 
  if she 's worried about unemployment ; maybe importing utterly massive amounts of cheap foreign labor was a bad thing ? 
  i find this china bashing extremely disingenuous . 
  everyone calm down . 
  this is only * non-binding * , and it is a * freeze * . 
  do you sometimes think more internationally educated turks should come back home to change turkey from within ? 
  a rather noble endeavor , and a goal reached . 
  but the clique-forming network effects , and the limited size of the school are a problem . 
  as well as not everybody being in their best years between 18 and 20 . 
  also , specific math problems is not everything there is to life . 
  the school brings a lot ; but i posit things could be much better . 
  both for its students and its country . 
  polytechnique is in another league , 5 orders of magnitude higher . 
  you do n't really hire them for skills , although they do have them . 
  you hire them because they are the mafia . 
  i did an internship at pretty high level in a cac40 firm ( family connections ) . 
  out of 19 people , the administration boards was 13 polytechnicians , . . 10 of which the same specialization school , . . 6 of which the exact same graduation year . 
  just good ` ol pals holding the castle . 
  i have countless stories like this . 
  i know of someone who scoured the gulf countries as an internship . 
  and when he needed to come back to france , he just took the nuclear submarine from djibouti to crozon . 
  they get nominated to rule entire chunks of the state just by a witty sentence in the right dinner party . 
  it 's a mafia the size of a country . 
  the worst of it is that it 's not that unfair ; you just got ta do the math to be part of the club . 
   she added : `` i know only one thing : there will be other trade agreements , and they wo n't have the standards that this agreement and the hoped-for ttip agreement have . '', 
  i 'm pretty sure we can easily do better than just hand over our justice systems . 
  not until it is on paper .
