   french teacher who recently moved to casablanca , morocco , from lyon , france . 
  i did not think it was possible . 
  my heart is filled with joy that she can have it her way and we can , too . 
   `` i am afraid of having to wear a yellow crescent on my clothes one day , like the star of david for jews not so long ago . '' why , though ? 
  you 're already wearing one ; that you wilingly put on yourself . 
  it can result in sharp electoral rape , though . 
  the brexit frustration could have ousted merkel and her open refugee policies , had she been europe 's president . 
  no need to break up uk from the eu over this . 
  not going hard enough on the problem that the commission is . 
  currently the situation is : the people -- elects --  local gvt -- names --  commissioner -- negociates_decisions --  commission decisions so , 3 levels of indirection , how can the commision feel it owes its place to the people ? 
  he advocates : the people -- elects --  representatives -- elects --  president that 's still 2 levels of indirection , how can the president feel it owes its place to the people ? 
  in these cases , is it easy to blame a fuck up on other commissioners , or blame the commissionner naming process , or blaming the initial governement ( which got elected on other concerns , and just . 
  does n't . 
  care . ) . 
  -------- what is needed is : the people -- elects --  president so that when the president fucks up , the backpropagation of the fuck up is direct electoral rape . 
  no shit , sherlock . 
  * japan says they wo n't tolerate their nissan , honda , mitsubishi , nomura and daiwa investments get double-taxed . 
  * the european medicines agency will relocate , bringing the industry with it . 
  ( quote from japan : if the ema were to transfer to other eu member states , the appeal of london as an environment for the development of pharmaceuticals would be lost ) * same thing with the european banking authority . 
  * the financial industry will lose its ticket to operate in europe . 
  red carpet has already been deployed in paris , frankfurt . 
  if only they could have voted for the part that was of their interest : the freedom of movement . 
   these two women have one thing in common and one thing only : the depth of their political conviction . 
  angela merkel has been unwavering in her message that welcoming refugees is the right thing to do ; i beg to differ . 
  i 'm pretty sure there has been some wavering ; even though it has been through her vice chancellor stating that the nation `` underestimated '' the challenge of integrating asylum seekers . 
  i 'd say the common thing is : they both have political acumen . 
  is turkey really needed ? 
  the times 03/jan/2009 chancellor on brink of second bailout for banks . 
  think of it as an election that occurs when we see the end result of a term . 
   and who decides what was right and what was wrong ? 
  the parliament ? 
  nationwide referendum : the people , answering a yes or no question . 
  i think that would really start to make politicians think about the things they promise . 
  i did not chose my words well . 
  `` punish '' is not right . 
  indeed revenge is not right . 
  replaced with ban + his party . 
  how would you enforce that a politician must work for the benefit of his own country ? 
  that he/she does not try to cash in on some cheap short-term feel-good measure ( like offering shelter to islamic refugee `` friends '' ) over long term sustainability ? 
  i wish there was a law for negligence for people in political positions . 
  say , the next leader could trigger a referendum on wether or not to ~ ~ punish ~ ~ ban the previous leader and his party from elections . 
  edit : see below, 
   30 % this makes my head turn . 
  please find the source on this . 
  so with contraception curbing only the effects , this would mean that the unfaithfulness is still there ? 
  i 'm not sure i live in your world . 
  are you positive 30 % of all intercourses married women had were extra-marital ? 
   the rate was around 4 % - meaning one in 25 children is biologically fathered by someone other than the man who believes he is the father . 
  that figure is incredibly fucking high . 
  wtf women ? 
   all of our successive governments the thing in france is , there is no spoil system . 
  presidential elections only change ministers , their cabinets at large , and that 's about it . 
  250 people tops . 
  it is no wonder to me that the tools employed to deal with the internet by the state are always the same . 
  do people in the uk ( with the brexit thing ) generally consider immigration from europe ( say poland ) a better thing than from outside ( say former colonies , northern africa , pakistan ? ), 
  could a city voice this disapproval directly with cops or social workers ? 
  the stick of the fine is not the only way community management can be done . 
  hopefully he finds a way . 
  content censorship is a thing in france ; about all things nazi related , just like in germany . 
  when you think of it , holocaust was about one isolated community exteminating other isolated communities . 
  the current debate about the burqini ban is to stop communities being isolated in the first place . 
  people management is a tough thing , and sometimes terrible things just happen ( holocaust , rwanda , kosovo , armenian genocide , pogroms , etc. ) . 
  america is filthy rich , and has bad racial tensions . 
  if they ever lose this wealth , say in 300 years , it will not be pretty . 
  a presidential candidate has already been talking about having it in officially in the law . 
  against the current law . 
  sarkozy , a presidential candidate and former president has been talking about having the ban be into law . 
  having to deal with backwards stupid community tagging after 50 years of fights for the rights of women makes me puke . 
  how silly was the government to let them come in the first place . 
  cause is hardline islam doctrine . 
  showing it is ok to stop following parts of the doctrine helps . 
  apostasis is punishable by death . 
  in islam , if one of your parents follows the religion , you are muslim . 
  i 'd gladly welcome that civic education in schools teach that anyone is born free of following any cult , whatever your parents or community tries to push on you ; that by default people with muslim parents are born apostates , and that it is ok to remain so . 
  a majority of the french ( 64 % ) support the burkini ban, 
  it is a shame problem . 
  being shamed into wearing a burqini in the case of no ban , being shamed if you wear one in the case of the ban . 
  the burqini ban defines what is shameful . 
  and it is better having it be the part where there is no form of community tagging , leashing , and grooming . 
  it 's not a black and white situation . 
  a large part the spectrum can deal with being in a bikini . 
  they did , before the burqini was a thing . 
  how can they be more isolated if no clothing appearance makes them different . 
  if you are talking about racism , yes it is a problem . 
  and it has to be fought also . 
  the real problem burqini bans is adressing is communities tagging their own so that they ca n't leave the community . 
  some will be at home , some will be in bikini . 
  and the at home ones are those who will feel shameful , and wo n't be able to infect the other ones . 
  let 's say that either case , half will be feeling shameful . 
  better chose the case where there is no community tagging . 
  at people who keep wanting to isolate themselves , and nurture this culture of being isolated , and propagate this isolation through social shame . 
  having burqini bans in the law liberates women who want to integrate into society . 
  it liberates from being tagged . 
  it liberates them from the social pressures of their community who want to keep them leashed , ready for grooming . 
  edit : this leashing and grooming is very very real in the muslim world . 
  here is a map of [ consanguineous marriages ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/7/7b/global_prevalence_of_consanguinity.svg/2000px-global_prevalence_of_consanguinity.svg.png ) , here is map of [ muslim religion ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/e/e4/muslim_percent_population_v2.svg ) . 
  it creates [ huge genitic problems ] ( http://journals.cambridge.org/action/displayabstract?frompage=online&amp;aid=5992388&amp;fileid=s0021932009003393 ) , on top of half of the population being semi-enslaved . 
   soar  60 orders gee , well la di da . 
  what a fucking soaring market cataclism . 
   they may become more civilized wishful thinking .
