  i intend my life to profit my children , and their children , for a very large number of generations . 
  i do not want the fruits of my life to benefit any other person . 
  they might marry and/or grant citizenships to persons they deem worthy . 
  but i 'd like them to be extremely skeptical in their decisions . 
  --------- what you do n't understand is that i love my country , that i am in utmost admiration for its population . 
  my land is not an easy land . 
  it took a high toll on those who were not able to implement an agricultural system . 
  it took a high toll on those who were not able to have shelter in the winter . 
  it took a high toll with its countless wars . 
  my country and its people were forged in millennias of adversity . 
  and they emerged victorious , pushing the limits of mankind . 
  i do n't want to give away this miracle . 
  true . 
  ------ i feel like there is something in not having frankfurt and paris compete for them . 
  the city 's financial laws are pretty lax . 
  having the banks move to mainland europe could help us bringing them into the fold . 
  into saner rules , more transparent proceedings , less tax evasion holes . 
  i hope paris and frankfurt wo n't compete in having less constraining regulations . 
  everything else is fair game , 
  good one :d, 
   a top frankfurt official said does euro clearing have network effects ? 
  as in , is there an incentive as to making it happen in a single place ? 
  i feel like this is one of the cases where talking about banks moving can make them move . 
  recent stats show paris clearing about 50 % more volume than frankfurt at the moment . 
  ca n't fault this official for trying , though . 
  correlation ! = causation, 
  how about you stop the demonization ? 
  europe is not the only safe place on earth . 
  if you 're talking about syria , then turkey , jordan and lebanon are safe , and closer . 
  when refugees stay close to their original location , it also makes it easy for them to come back and rebuild their country . 
  if anything , the eu rule about refugees stopping at the first safe country should be applied worldwide . 
  any refugee wanting to go further is de facto an economic migrant . 
  --------- i do n't get why people think it 's ok to hand over your country to foreigners . 
  citizenship has to be earned . 
  citizenship should be granted only to the very best of foreigners . 
  and no , creating a warm feeling of charity in the host 's heart - brushing up his ego - does not count . 
  hopefully suppressing this inflow will lead to less attempts , and thus less casualties . 
  we have to hang on tight and make it even more difficult to emigrate into the eu . 
  it is easy to throw words and hope that when they land it makes sense . 
  let 's revisit the being part of two unions once again . 
  you think i like arguing with you ? 
  you guys trying to get into the eu is a constant threat . 
  you fucked up your argument . 
  and now look at you trying to piece something together and not managing to come up with enough to make a statement . 
  geostrategical what ? 
  are you talking demographics ? 
  are you talking russia ? 
  nato ? 
  isis ? 
  or is it about the bosphorus ? 
  i ca n't create your thoughts . 
  you do n't make sense . 
  again . 
  alright , i 'll think for you . 
  you only get one union with freedom of movement . 
  otherwise both unions let access to people outside their territory . 
  you no having the capacity to see that is another reason not to have you guys in the eu . 
  you just lack basic things . 
  use your brain . 
  ok maybe . 
  but not enough to have you guys in the eu . 
  says logic . 
  if there is freedom of movement in both ; now people outside the eu can get inside by transitivity , through turkey . 
  you see the problem ? 
  i 'd love that you could have your own union , though . 
  nice !, 
  you guys know you ca n't be part of 2 unions , right ? 
  just told you . 
  true . 
  why do n't you guys get together and have your own group ? 
  hopefully , turkey never gets integrated in the eu . 
  you guys have more in common with kazakhstan than any eu country . 
  not relevant at all . 
  i just feel like your opinion on the matter would be of great entertainment . 
  what is your opinion on the armenian genocide ? 
  i 'm * dying * to hear more from you . 
  seems like the whole public opinion shifted towards conservatives/right values . 
  i was wondering about the sentiment in germany ( afd getting steam , etc ) : is it publicly acknowledged that they are refugees , and are offered only temporary stay ? 
  or is it implicit that a large ( say 70 % ) part of them will stay in germany ? 
  well , having veiled women certainly helps in them not getting pregnant early . 
  this is not to the benefit of the woman , though . 
  this is chart is measuring the wrong thing here . 
  i think the general sentiment is that they just do n't want to hear about it . 
  that there should n't be any syrian on german soil in the first place . 
  i 'm more of the opinion that the past is the past . 
  cheers on these syrians to have helped catch a bad syrian . 
  hopefully we can help them build back their country quickly . 
   it 's a racist , antisemitic , nationalist party without concepts for real-life politics . 
  it 's a party of climate change deniers and friends of neonazis . 
  le pen father was like that . 
  then came his daughter , who has been quite soft to the heart . 
  it 's actually a very clever strategy of theirs . 
  it allows them to make some strong ideas quite palatable . 
  also , they pretty much dropped the antisemitic parts , and other nonsense . 
  you could compare them to a heavily watered down afd with more modern ideas . 
  what would you think of the afd , should it drop every idea and only keep the immigration curbing ? 
  ---------------  there are a lot of socio-economic problems indeed . 
  socio and economic , and socio-economic problems . 
  lack of willingness to integrate , and too much ill integrated people overburdening the social security . 
  have you been to any of the blue areas in the following map ?
