  i can sandwich posts you would n't approve of . 
  i can expose this behavior . 
   well , i have a timestamp that attests that the other two posts were approved by a different mod well , then timestamps say that this mod is the one who is selectively ignoring the post . 
  here is a timeline : 1 . second post is posted 2 . 
  30 second elapses 3 . third post ( the migrants one ) 4 . 
  40 minutes elapses 5 . post 2 gets approved , post 3 is ignored . 
  it ca n't be invisible to the modder at this point . 
  it is being actively selectively ignored . 
  6 . post 3 is approved , after i bitch about it . 
  --  but you can not expect every mod to clear the full queue . 
  nope , but i can expect them to process it in order ; and not let play his personal preferences into allowing certain things ; and letting luck apply a time decay to the post . 
  --  i , even as a mod , am free to hold a polticial opinion ( i do not even know what leader you claim i am argumenting for ) oh , everyone here is aware of your crush on merkel . 
  you have argued at tremendous lengths over technicalities of how the `` wir schaffen das '' ca n't be linked to her . 
  you are free to hold whatever political opinion . 
  some might say that voicing your opinion from a mod account is poor taste , though . 
  but that is not the problem here . 
  the problem is that you are using a grey area to push your agenda . 
  in election times . 
  on top of it , other posts from others got through in the meantime my first 3 posts were waiting . 
  why choose to ignore my posts selectively ? 
  that 's x2 selective low-noise censorship . 
   what ? 
  i have just seen that post for the first time yeah , right . 
  the previous post ( which got through ) was posted 30 seconds before ( timestamps can attest it ) ; and the other posts were approved 40 minutes after they were initially posted . 
  you 're lying . 
  --  we had issues with videos with inaccurate subtitles in the past . 
  so we should remove all videos with english subtitles now . 
  ass said before , why not outright ban it ? 
  why let it stay be selectively ignored , letting the decay time run ? 
  --  i did not say that this was a problem . 
  you said :  because only two of us speak german . 
  is that not a problem of the thing being accessible to english speaking people ? 
  stop playing dumb . 
  --  because i was n't actively modding earlier . 
  dude , you had time for modding the two other posts , yet did not have time for the third which was visible to you at that time ? 
  that does n't hold . 
  --  so you have beef with me because i approved your post ? 
  i have a beef with you because you selectively let things decay in the mod queue . 
  and also because i have to raise hell to actually make the post get non-biased mod attention . 
  i have to actually call you out on your selective modding for it to go through . 
  and this is not the first time you 're doing shit like this . 
  other people have complained about selective things staying in the mod queue . 
  you 're forcefully argumenting for a political leader - as exemplified by your numerous posts - , and you 're also using you powers as mod to push your agenda ; on top of it , at election time . 
  you should not have mod powers . 
  first : so you 're saying you reviewed the post , then decided you did not like , but you did not to ban it ? 
  and then you just let it stay in limbo in the mod queue because of a language issue ? 
  why not ban it for that reason , and specify it in the comments , as is usual ? 
  -- second : the video-encoded english subtitle appears about 0.3 seconds before the first spoken german word is uttered ; in the first 2 seconds of the video . 
  you 're not being honest here . 
  it was is really obvious english compatible content . 
  also there have been lots of non-english content reaching the front page of europe . 
  what you 're saying does n't hold on two count . 
  -- third : you 're only commenting on it now . 
  you did n't even ban the post . 
  after i had to argue at length with arathian , and after i had to also call it out also on modmail . 
  -- my first allegation of shilling here in this post was pretty baseless . 
  now it is just obvious to everyone . 
  he has great eyes . 
  mmmh , so this selective modding could be the action of another mod ? 
  anyway , please be considerate of your dog and stop responding to random whiners on the internet . 
  thank you for parsing the queue . 
  you did 2/3 posts though . 
  why not [ process the third ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5qcb0l/migrants_scamming_the_german_welfare_system/ ) ? 
  i mean you can mod it , but at least say why you 're not doing it . 
  letting it stay in limbo in the mod queue is the exact same selective behavior i 'm calling you ( and other mods ) out on . 
  deny it or let it hit / new ; the other option is dishonest . 
   your posts are simply in the modqueue do all posts get in the modqueue , or only some that match keywords ? 
  newer posts are showing at the moment . 
  i find your being tired to be pretty selective . 
  you could do a better job . 
  i mean , that 's crappy behavior , but not hugely crappy behavior . 
  -- that 's not the first instance of selective low-noise political-bias censorship that has happened in this sub . 
  question : have i been shadow banned because of this comment ? 
  none of my posts are showing in / new , and it 's been 20 minutes . 
  there are newer posts at this moment . 
  mark his words . 
  he likes merkel a lot and is not afraid of shilling , and he is a mod . 
  do not believe this will not be strictly enforced . 
   foreign paid/controlled organizations in some countries are under tighter control why the f are not they plainly and simply forbidden ? 
  that 's purely paid for advertising , and a chess match . 
  here is a rough timeline of events : 1 . 
  le pen needs money for the fn 2 . 
  a czech branch of a russian bank issues a loan to the fn . 
  a loan with zero interest rate , and no counterpart ( my speculation here , but loans like this are the method of choice for the kremlin to move around shady money , as learned with the panama papers ) . 
  aka all parties agreeing this will never have to be reimbursed . 
  fn starts to praise russia , say crimea is russian 4 . 
  enters fillon . 
  his main pain point is the fn . 
  he does n't care about russia . 
  he wants to pressure the fn . 
  imho , i believe there have been tractations between fillon and putin . 
  and putin got to exchange fillon 's public friendliness with enforcing that the loan be reimbursed back . 
  days after this fillon starts to praise russia ; and behind the scenes pressure is put on the fn . 
  the fn most probably planned financially that the loan never would have to be reimbursed . 
  cue financial panic . 
  they ask russia what can be done to relieve this pressure . 
  they say : praise us some more !, 
  and they do . 
  this loan made its work twice over . 
  putin is a chess master .
