  people of / r/europe , is this what you want for mods ? 
  / u/marktplatz , our dear mod , where are you when your leader needs you ? 
  or maybe you 're too busy letting posts linger in the mod queue when they have the wrong keywords in the title , mmh ? 
  i mean like this one i posted : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/6nrqpy/paris_train_station_overwhelmed_with_migrants/ it 's been 2 hours and you 've had the time to write 11 comments elsewhere . 
  you did n't even reply to my mod-mail message to have it reviewed . 
  it is definitely not the first time you low-noise censor things this way , / u/marktplatz ; and other mods will be my witnesses on this one . 
  this is why i 'm writing the following : -- this comment is my official request to remove you as a mod for / r/europe . 
  on numerous occasions you have used your powers as a mod to subtly apply censorship in / r/europe in order to push your agenda to reduce the debate of over the refugee crisis . 
  electing new mods to / r/europe instead of you will be beneficial , as the post queue will be processed without delay , and without selective censorship . 
  what a catastrophe for europe this woman is . 
  make no mistake , this is only tearing europe apart . 
  i wish our european parliament would grow some balls , and set the limit itself at the european level . 
  freedom of movement means merkel 's behavior affects us all . 
  posting this here because she has almost 300k subscribers , and we will necessarily hear from this from other sources . 
  the thing is : erdogan is a blessing in disguise . 
  with him we see the true colors of turkey . 
  he did not seize power . 
  this fucking clown got elected . 
  and got his referendum too !, 
  the whole of turkey is like that . 
  erdogan or not , turkey has no place in the eu . 
  true . 
  the problem is having the immediate cash , and financing it long term . 
  our politicians have no balls and would rather replace us than deal with it . 
  make your voice known . 
  elect border-closing candidates . 
  maybe you 're right . 
  maybe we should try to boost family programs . 
  immigration is still a completely crappy thing to do , though . 
  it is better to go through population shrinkage than replace the children we did n't want to have . 
  it 's ok , though . 
  we have had population imbalances since the post war baby boom , and we did ok . just like japan , we 'll have to make adjustments . 
  but absolutely nothing to be fearful of . 
  marry me < 3, 
  ~ ~ near ~ ~, 
  on a different rail system as the eu 's . 
  this is the guy we need to test our deportation programs on . 
  why is the process not officially killed is beyond me . 
  every time our politicians talk about it , it is `` paused '' , `` freezed '' , etc. 
  never `` cancelled '' . 
  do they not care about re-\u00e9lection ? 
  * among quite a massive lot of other things . 
  and that 's only 5 % of the reasons . 
  just no . 
  no need to even read the article . 
  thank you austria for calling italy on on its bullshit . 
  since you announced the border closure , they have started to try to control the smugglers/ngos . 
  you let the smugglers/ngos do their business , you keep them . 
  it cost so much to deport : / we need autralia 's immigration policy . 
  i wish people would stop fearing population shrinking . 
  no the economist , we do n't need more migrants . 
  it 's ok shrink down the population if we do n't want to make babies . 
  the only thing we would need is better support for families , but not importing people . 
  also , it 's ok to have population shrinking . 
  no need for migrants either way . 
  that is indeed a big problem to tackle . 
  some heavy compensation has to take place at the very least . 
  but the bigger picture has to be looked at , too . 
  advocates for having turkey in the eu say it would solve the issue . 
  if we solve this the cyprus crisis , then booting turkey definitely from the eu accession process will be a no brainer . 
  i do n't know about you , but the thought of being in the same country as turks is disturbing my sleep . 
  let 's hope this will help cyprus get reunified with no turkish troops on its soil . 
   turkey is `` ahead '' of the eu when it comes to protecting human rights , turkish president recep tayyip erdo\u011fan said [ you do n't say . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/1hipc5w.gifv ) turkey has no place in the eu . 
  it does n't . 
  france has been doing tremendously before any immigration occurred . 
  it takes the right culture , though . 
   please be logical , not emotional . 
  except for russia , not having a crappy ally like you in nato is logical . 
  that 's alright , and you 're welcome to do this . 
  as long as you can use our native language in good fashion , respect our culture , respect our history and not try to rewrite it . 
  -- why the fuck advocating for having massive amounts of cultural foreigners in , though ? 
  these countries got build over millenias . 
  we got carved by the harsh environment : no house you die of frost , no agriculture you die of hunger . 
  the resulting culture is the pinnacle of civilization . 
  why the fuck dilute us heavily ? 
  i get what you mean ; this is simply racism . 
  white people have bend over backwards in accommodating minorities so much i do n't think there is racism towards them anymore . 
  this is just plain racism . 
  and yet you choose to display the flag of another country . 
  you 're the assimilation problem we 're having . 
  what a fucking joke our immigration policy is . 
  you 're the trojan horse , and you 're not even hiding it . 
   you know eu = / = nato right ? 
  i do . 
  i was saying that as well as getting booted from ever accessing the eu , turkey should get booted from nato . 
  --  basically created against russia yep . 
  and make no mistake : that 's the only reason you 're in nato . 
  i wish we could cool things down with russia . 
  it 'd make way more sense for everybody . 
   deny cultural european achievements so , discrimination . 
  and directed towards the other way ? 
  reverse discrimination , if you prefer . 
  your source does n't say that . 
  it says :  10.6 percent of london 's population of 7,556,900 were black . 
   of the recorded 18,091 such accusations against males , 54 percent accused of street crimes were black ; for robbery , 59 percent ; and for gun crimes , 67 percent . 
  no mentions of islam , everything is under the `` asian '' category . 
  -- you 're only quoting one line , and failing to say that black and asian are disproportionately represented in crime , in proportion of their numbers . 
   you 're whole problem * your whole problem  you 're approach * your approach -- oh they can try to better themselves . 
  but it is not a matter of compatibility of institutions .
