  do you believe he is on the left side , or the right side of afd ? 
   i do not run into the arms of the afd i have been curious about afd , and went back pretty disgusted . 
  i understand now why you talked about `` closet nazis , racist bigots , populistic simpletons and revisionists '' . 
  let me assure you fn is not afd . 
  --  i am not a fan of mass migration from the middle east to my knowledge , you do not have any candidate addressing the issue . 
  i do n't really know german politics . 
  i 'd love for you to comment on this . 
  -- on an unrelated topic , i hear martin schulz is leaving his eu functions for german action . 
  i have been trying to read about him , but have failed to find a summary of his positions ; and why he so suddenly quit his job . 
   i feel there is no `` control mechanism '' that would work that is indeed a very difficult problem . 
  i hope a solution is found . 
  maybe with time the eu can show it can be trusted in more matters , thus allowing for a transfer of authority . 
  --  because part of the argument feels very constructed to me well , thank you !, 
  these comments do take time to write . 
   the debt mutualization would - currently - only rejuvenate and reanimate the very same overspending habits in various political establishments [ ... ] fair enough . 
  1 ) but would you agree to it with the right budget control tools ? 
  a suggestion : the usual overspending parts ( health , pensions , welfare , etc. ), 
  being located at the eu level , and adjusted for the local purchasing power , cost of living . 
  please do feel free to discuss a stricter tool . 
  -- 2 ) you did not comment on this critical mass unfair advantage argument , perpetuities law against it , and leveling the chances . 
  do i take it you 're agreeing ? 
  or do you wish to just not comment this part ? 
  -- -- edit : you did a quick edit of your post , here are my further comments on your new points :  which is why i advocate an orderly dissolution of the euro . 
  oh well , this is new to me . 
  only the euro , and not the shared market ? 
  for my own edification : is this a common opinion in germany ? 
  --  were never prepared to mutualize risk or costs i 'm sad this is how it was done . 
  these risks however come with a reward : the shared market . 
  we 're fortunate enough to not have to speculate about how the tradeoff tallies up . 
  the uk leaving will provide us with the experiment . 
  if we 're to believe our european leaders , it will not be pretty . 
  --  you may actually give germany its own `` le pen moment '' . 
  from your point of view , you might not know exactly what is our le pen moment . 
  a large part of the population is proud of their country and is concerned with immigration . 
  she is the only one with a serious attitude about it . 
  it does not mean we do n't like our european partners , and that we want to close ourselves to them . 
  germans being proud of their country , being against massive immigration , being against salary dumping , being for cultural preservation would not be a bad thing at all . 
  both for you and for us . 
  healthy neighbours is always good . 
  being in a union brings tremendous benefits . 
  the market can be more efficient and weed out weak parts of industries , bringing the whole system to a more efficient state . 
  but in the same manner that you only lend money to the rich ( and they get richer ) , rich countries have a critical mass advantage . 
  an unfair one . 
  is the role of the union to bring benefits to all members , or is it for germany to siphon out whole industries because of a hard-won but unfair skew ? 
  i say it resides in the middle . 
  a mutualised debts is a way to level the ground for everyone . 
  germany can keep its industries , and others get to have a chance to create new ones . 
  to get out of their hole . 
  -- mutual debt is not equivalent to providing welfare for states . 
  it is the equivalent of a [ perpetuity law ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rule_against_perpetuities ) . 
  it prevents a phenomenon where only one country has the critical mass to develop new industries . 
  -- sure , it will necessitate tighter integration . 
  it will necessitate that spending is done in a more sound way ( looking at you , greece ) ; but this is not unfair to germany . 
  this is not about germany paying greece 's debts . 
  this is greece being able to borrow money at the same rate germany does . 
  this is about greece having a shot at having saner finances , saner industry . 
  especially when they are dumped on both sides ( financially , and socially with the refugee crisis ) . 
  -- in any case , a union where germany is the only country reaping the benefits - at the expense of others - will not fly . 
  there are tremendous benefits to a union , but costs ( that are relatively low ) need to be the same for everyone . 
  this is about equality of chances . 
   ok man , you win , i 'm lazy glad to hear it from you !, 
  --  you have turned all those parlamentarian republics into presidential overnight . 
  i wish i could . 
  less indirection = = more power to the people . 
  well , at least for juncker . 
  look at [ this chart ] ( https://arnoldplaton.files.wordpress.com/2016/11/eu-infographic-v.png?w=1250 ) . 
  there is at least 5 arrows between the electorate and juncker getting elected . 
  and i 'm not even accounting for the fact that arrows are merged from 28 different sources not at the base level . 
  nope , you 're wrong . 
  care to provide a source for your hand waving ? 
  mine was having `` direct election '' in the column `` head of state '' in this page : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elections_by_country before you submit a nitpick , please do the analysis for at least the 14 ones i provided . 
   is the only eu country except for at least : austria , bulgaria , croatia , cyprus , the czech republic , finland , ireland , lithuania , poland , portugal , romania , slovakia , slovenia, 
  the message could have been : `` a hero to many , a tyran to many '' . 
  or even `` a hero to many , a tyran to some '' , for all i cared . 
  this omission is a message in itself . 
  the spokesman said it : it was carefully chosen so as to be balanced . 
  i do n't find it balanced . 
  but they did . 
  by your stalin analogy , would you omit the `` a tyran to ( some | many ) '' ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  -- and before you say that castro is not at the level of stalin , i ask you : where is the level ? 
  how many more people should castro have killed ? 
  maybe we can establish a scale : * < 5k kills : a hero to many * < 10k kills + anti-capitalist ideas : a hero to many * < 20k kills : a hero to many , a tyran to some . 
  * ~ [ 60m kills ] ( https://www.quora.com/we-know-that-stalin-killed-60-million-are-the-27-million-people-who-died-in-ww2-counted-with-them-how-many-of-them-were-killed-in-the-civil-war ) : still a hero to many , and a fine statistician to others / s --  it 's just a diplomatic talk it can be done without the double-speak . 
   is the vote of the representatives in eu parliament not enough for you ? 
  it is not enough . 
  there should not be a level of indirection between the executive branch and the people . 
  juncker does not fear the reaction of the people . 
  he only had to please some bureaucrats for getting into the shortlist . 
  when did we hear him talking about how he is going to govern europe ? 
  what other were there to vote for ? 
  --  do you also take issue with every single prime minister in europe ? 
  why would i ? 
  -- this being said , the line is not well drawn between european and national roles . 
  for example in the current setup , every country can grant their own citizenship . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  except that in a freedom of movement area , it affects every country . 
  the eu citizenship is now as strong as its weakest elements . 
  do other countries get to chose who , among the migrants , germany naturalizes ? 
  should we ?
