   how germany can dump the cultrual and economic cost of taking in refugees on other countries in the german budget there is a zero-sum link between greek debt relief and hosting refugees . 
  also , once these refugees you guys semantically shifted to migrants start to have citizenship , they will be free of roaming the rest of the eu ; regardless of any control and concerns our governments had about them . 
   it also does n't seem to me , that the task was underestimated see the backpedaling of merkel , going to africa to try to curb the inflow of migrants . 
   germany , as a country , handled the impact of the refugees very well [ you call little villages going from 100 to 100 +750 migrants a success ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/refugee-crisis-german-village-sumte-shows-the-reality-behind-angela-merkel-s-open-door-policy-with-a6724741.html ) ? 
  i call that dumping the problem on people unable to defend themselves . 
   also i am very sure that germany consulted with other countries [ germany consulted other countries so much that they closed their borders ] ( https://www.thenation.com/article/european-countries-closing-their-borders-to-refugees-is-collective-punishment/ ) . 
  -- look , i do n't particularly like to debate around these themes . 
  it is not pretty and i am tired . 
  but in trump 's wake you sometimes have to start to understand and listen to your fellow eu citizens ; especially when they tell you that they really do n't like being put in competition with imported labor . 
  especially when they are calling for help and understanding . 
  there 's political capital to seize if you behave in a charitable way . 
  and it is indeed the charitable thing to do . 
  if there is no cost . 
  the german leader allowed it , thinking they could reap the benefits of showing they are charitable while dumping the cultural and economic cost on other countries . 
  they underestimated the task , though . 
  they did not consult with other countries before doing so . 
  in short : for humanitarian reasons yes , but also because they lacked foresight . 
  lets have a shot : culture is : the general ways and behavior of someone . 
  identity : a mutually shared feeling of belonging based on having the same culture in a group of people . 
  the eu identity would then be the common general ways and behaviors the people of europe have shared together over the last centuries . 
  it excludes by definition newly arrived religious behaviors , and all items coming from immigration as they stem from vastly different cultures . 
  for example : judeo-christian values are in our culture , classical music is in our culture , state-of-the-art science is in our culture , latin or germanic roots for words are in our culture . 
  they say in varietate concordia , but they never talk about the common things . 
   it was adressed at the population , not at the refugees . 
  what difference does that make in communicating to refugees they are welcome ? 
  you have a problem letting logic get into your brain . 
  --  this is not a merkel-exclusive problem in between all your blindness , doublethink , egotism , dishonesty , selective misquoting , pinning on other leaders , misinterpreting , evading and refusal to think there is this . 
  you let this single one thing pass . 
  so you do acknowledge there is a problem , right ? 
  --  most of the refugees do not have a permanent residence permit . 
  so , they are here permanently but without a permanent permit ? 
  you already semantically shifted from refugees to migrants . 
  so , which is which ? 
  are they here not to stay ? 
  are they here to stay ? 
  are they really migrants ? 
  are they really refugees ? 
  is there a date to throw them out ? 
  is there not a date to throw them out ? 
  will they go back to their country ? 
  will they not go back to their country ? 
  case not so closed . 
  stop your doublethink . 
  you wish you had not so many hole in your arguments . 
  your post is 8 months old . 
  please inform yourself better on your own leader instead of keeping this will to be blind . 
  [ she even acknowledges it ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-iduskcn1152iu ) :  merkel , who has faced criticism in germany for launching her policies of welcoming refugees a year ago ,  and in germany we ignored both the problem for too long and blocked out the need to find a pan-european solution so , ignore + block . 
   one-year anniversary on wednesday of her now-famous statement `` wir schaffen das '' , or `` we can do this '' , when asked about the rising tide of refugees . 
  how do you not interpret `` we can do this '' as please come ? 
   the three-term chancellor said refugees will be a long-term issue . 
  again , enjoy your newly found ghettos . 
   `` we did n't embrace the problem in an appropriate way , '' she added . 
  still thinking she thinks she did not fuck up ? 
  -- hey , that was quite easy . 
  i just had to quote merkel herself . 
  -- i 'm starting to suspect you think emotionally and not with your brain . 
  --  i have read it and it says that you are incorrect . 
  you have not . 
  with your brain . 
  here is an excerpt :  children [ ... ] acquire german citizenship at birth if at least one parent has a permanent residence permit and has been residing in germany for at least eight years . 
  do not fool yourselves into thinking that they and their problems will vanish magically . 
  you guys and your leader have fucked up permanently . 
   this does not change the reasoning for taking them in . 
  not at all . 
  it does . 
  there is no charity in displacing population for an economic benefit . 
   how did we ` help ' them ? 
  your leader called for themselves to come . 
   you are not trying to argue with me about the laws of my country are you ? 
  yes , and quoting wikipedia at that . 
  is that forbidden , do i need to apply somewhere to be granted the right to read about your country ? 
  being technically correct , the best kind of correct . 
  go read the link . 
  -- you 're not addressing the rest of my comments . 
  you are refusing to think about them . 
  anyway , rest assured a huge and growing number of our citizens do n't want to * remain * when you guys are not behaving properly towards your partners . 
  open yourselves to criticism , open you ears ; or face the same decisions the usa and the uk just took . 
   but based on humanitarian reasons . 
  wrong . 
  refugees stop being refugees and become economic migrants the second they go past the first safe country . 
  also you 're not helping them by taking them further away from the home they have to rebuild . 
  but you guys got a looong ego stroke on the charitable side in exchange . 
  mmh so so good . 
  so good in fact you can now impose your rule and teach lessons now , because you had some goodthink and did good \u2122 . 
   path towards german citizenship is n't easy ? 
  wrong . 
  only time has to be consumed . 
  and passing time sucking on the system is easy . 
  the parents will not have it granted . 
  [ the children will have it automatically in eight years . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_nationality_law#birth_in_germany ) congratulations , you had turks ghettos , you now have syrian ghettos . 
  do not fool yourself and think integration is possible . 
  [ countless places in europe can show you how wrong you are . 
  these are the neighbourhoods where police has to take special protection for themselves ] ( http://imgur.com/a/zjbs0 ) . 
   they are still free to come here but now you have leveled the market to the lowest possible salaries . 
  what is wrong with wanting people to make more than the bare social minimum ? 
  also , they ca n't really go anywhere and are barely making any money ; you might as well already declare them slaves . 
  how is that for being charitable ? 
  are romanians and bulgarians so bad that you guys have to import from syria ? 
  the problem is , once you guys begins granting citizenship they will be free to roam in countries that did not support your decision .
