  it is about cultural differences . 
  their [ language roots are to the east ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/turkic_languages ) . 
  their [ religious roots are to the south ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hanafi#/media/file:madhhab_map3.png ) . 
  having them in the eu makes no sense . 
  -- by the way , since your flair is a somali flag , what 's your claim on being able to offer advice on who gets to join the eu ? 
  you 're wrong . 
  immigrants are people who have failed to get a satisfactory local situation . 
  i do n't see why they 'd perform better here . 
  now , if we start extremely vetting them , maybe we could actually select the cr\u00e8me de la cr\u00e8me . 
  with the uk leaving , the eu is restructuring the way its arm contracts are handled . 
  also , numerous recent events point that turkey has also no place in nato , is not a worthy ally . 
  with this , i see absolutely no point in helping you guys get missiles in this new way of doing things . 
  it would be counter-productive . 
  any politician making it clear you guys are out of the picture permanently would get my vote . 
  true . 
  like many others . 
  and i always get lots of karma from this . 
  i 'm very fond of europe . 
  oftentimes , the leeway of a government is defined by the common base of principles the people is willing to grant him . 
  the lowest denominator , if you will . 
  this common base would be severely reduced if turkey were to join in , as it has little in common with us . 
  the greatness of a country is the power of the people coming together ; and i do n't see that happening with turkey . 
  yes , we 'd be more numerous with turkey . 
  but at some point the tradeoff with internal unity is not worth it . 
  it would make no sense . 
  turkey has no place in the eu . 
  what a fucking travesty . 
  i never believed reverse-racism existed . 
  now i see it . 
  not until it is written in stone that they are indefinitely blocked out . 
  preparing for the after-nato period , i see . 
  helping an embargoed entity is not `` mostly legal '' . 
  siemens executive should get decades of prison , and 10 years of profits should be fined . 
  the russians grabbing territory is no joke . 
  erdogan does not want parts of cyprus he controls to get off the leash . 
  damn buzzword generator , you 're actually right . 
  and yes , siemens should be harshly punished . 
  bye bye too . 
  from nato . 
  from ever entering the eu . 
  fingers are crossed . 
  this is merely value-signaling from siemens . 
  they should be investigated and fined heavily . 
  why is turkey included ? 
  why is the eu providing information on turkey ? 
  have i missed something ? 
  what does turkey and russia have anything to do with this ? 
  also , why would cryptofascists criticize undemocratic entities ? 
  the l word with pubic relations ? 
  well , as of now he has been downvoted , so i guess people do not consider him as that much of a scumbag . 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ ^ ^ do ^ ^ ^ ^ anything ^ ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ ^ karma, 
  marry me, 
  * whore, 
   the sub 's policy is to include turkey in europe well , that 's one debatable thing . 
  turkey has vast differences with the rest of europe . 
  they posses thrace , but thrace is very little . 
  they are almost as close to the eu as morocco , yet morocco is n't included . 
  ihmo they should n't be here . 
  by this argument , viet nam is as close culturally to the eu as turkey is . 
  europe is close together , and the european people wants nothing to do with turkey . 
  * suspended * stalled * freezed how fucking hard can it be to fucking say terminated , or cancelled , or annuled ? 
  this is not about erdogan . 
  nobody in europe wants turkey in , with or without erdogan . 
  never have , never will . 
  speaking of self determination rights , what about the kurds ? 
  this unresolved conflict staying that way is good , though . 
  just like trump injecting random things into the international power dynamics , this is strengthening the creation of a eu army at a low cost . 
  thx , i guess < 3, 
  well the article states that turkey does n't want to remove its troops . 
  i guess this removes one option to remove the occupation . 
  at some point there will be only one way to remove your troops ; you guys wo n't like it , though . 
  you 're talking like northern cyprus is a country of its own . 
  to everyone , it is an occupation ; the country is only recognized by turkey , out of 206 countries . 
  first learn officially recognized geography , then blame others . 
  at some point , the eu will have an army of its own . 
  and it will not be a pushover like the greeks ' . 
  do n't take your belonging in nato as an indication we see any value in you other than your geographical place . 
  nato does n't care at all about your military power . 
  and this is the only reason as to why we do n't ask for things on a silver platter . 
  because if we asked , you would be handing them . 
   also , fuck europe . 
  this brings joy to my heart . 
  may we never meet < 3 . 
  my blood is boiling as to why the fuck turkey would have a say in this . 
  this is blatant occupation of eu territory ; and they need to be dealt with the same way as an invasion would . 
  here is how it should look like : 1 . 
  stop doing what you 're doing . 
  report to the nearest police station for the crime of smuggling . 
  abide by the law , and do your time in prison . 
  i think i see / u/marktplatz , front and center :p, 
  with schengen 's freedom of movement , this is not how is this data should be displayed . 
  germany chose unilaterally to do this , but this concerns us all in europe . 
  god i wish population modification would be punished by high treason laws . 
  god i wish schengen level liberties would be constraint at the schengen level : that immigration should be vetoed/allowed at the eu level . 
  no , that number is extremely high . 
  the us has no neighbor at war ; why would they import migrants when these can stay in the first safe country ? 
  i 'd phrase is as douple-speak . 
  no accustomed to german politics , but i increasingly feel that merkel is quite fine adept of ** double-speak ** . 
  or yes . 
  both .
