  this guys does not speak in my name . 
  there are about as many religions as the number of religions i would be proud to have in second place in france instead of islam . 
   japan does n't control any of the private companies that operate within the uk the nissan , honda , mitsubishi , nomura and daiwa comments by the japanese minister at g20 were requests from the interested parent companies . 
  if nissan japan wants to close nissan uk , it can pretty well bloody do . 
  if nissan gets double taxed ( by the uk and then the eu ) , nissan made prerry clear they ** will ** divest from the uk . 
   ema relocating [ ... ] its their choice ema is the european medicines agency . 
  their salaries , and the legal framework on which they operate comes directly from the eu . 
  the eu will choose , and imho it would be silly to have it hosted externally to the eu . 
   it is in their interests for london to remain a big player not their choice . 
  would love to see it go to dublin too . 
   because i love europe i do too , and this feeling is shared widely across europe . 
  the problem is political decisions of one country fucking up others . 
  example : merkel accepting refugees on behalf of the whole of europe . 
  i 'd gladly welcome solutions to this ( single eu president that can get electorally raped if he fucks up ; unlike merkel , she has to fuck up at home ) . 
  but i do n't think the eu will break over this . 
  i 'm confident everyone is seeing brexit , and the right wing rising , for what it is : time to reform , and never let another refugee crisis happen . 
  hey  i was writing my merkel part and had not read the end of your comment . 
  looks like we are on the same page . 
  i 'll vote le pen ( hard right ) next election . 
  she promised a frexit referendum . 
  i would vote stay , should she get elected . 
  right wing - anti-eu = eu immigration control . 
  about switzerland : that was a bad example indeed . 
  lets just say that while there is four official languages and everyone is an expat , they are all from close european countries . 
  it is monocultural to an extent . 
   do you think they 'll just drop everything if the uk loses passporting to europe ? 
  yes . 
  auto industry : [ japan pretty much said they wo n't tolerate their nissan , honda , mitsubishi , nomura and daiwa investments getting double-taxed . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-37270372 ) same thing for the pharmaceutical industry . 
  to quote japan again : `` if the ema were to transfer to other eu member states , the appeal of london as an environment for the development of pharmaceuticals would be lost '' [ same thing for banks ] ( http://www.ft.com/cms/s/0/e0a5af3a-3ddd-11e6-8716-a4a71e8140b0.html#axzz4jnxrkc1e ) . 
  they 're not moving because the uk is bad . 
  they 're moving because their eu access was through the uk . 
  their operations will continue to be in the uk , but those will only cater to the uk market . 
  expect a 70 % reduction on their activity , though . 
  ------ edit : link for banks is behind a paywall . 
  here is a quote : `` the sales pitch is simple . 
  if the uk is outside the eu , financial services companies will be stripped of the `` passporting '' rules that allow them to operate across borders without local licences . 
  those companies will need instead to think about a new eu base . 
  the city , which has grown and globalised since the big bang deregulation reforms 30 years ago , would shrink and deglobalise . '', 
   negative consequence for the uk when that remains yet to be seen * japan says they wo n't tolerate their nissan , honda , mitsubishi , nomura and daiwa investments get double-taxed . 
  * the european medicines agency will relocate , bringing the industry with it . 
  ( quote from japan : if the ema were to transfer to other eu member states , the appeal of london as an environment for the development of pharmaceuticals would be lost ) * same thing with the european banking authority . 
  * the financial industry will lose its ticket to operate in europe . 
  red carpet has already been deployed in paris , frankfurt . 
  it remains to be seen , but - to me - the outlook is not so good . 
  give it a few years before drawing a conclusion . 
  ------------ as for the right wing rise all over europe , the message is clear : one country can not accept immigrants on behalf of another . 
  and mass migration inside europe has to be curbed a little too . 
  we love the polish , but we 'd like slow movements of populations . 
  i do n't think a break up is incoming at all . 
  to illustrate my viewpoint : i 'm french . 
  i 'm gon na vote le pen . 
  because of merkel 's can-accept-all-refugees policy . 
  should le pen get elected , she will trigger a frexit referendum . 
  i will vote stay , because i like europe . 
  oh , you were talking about the calais center . 
  i was talking about the uk banks passporting to europe . 
  which . 
  will . 
  void . 
  soon . 
   they are against importing it i do get it now . 
  these people are a problem for everyone . 
  i still think they would fare better in a muslim setting than in europe . 
  but we were talking about freshly minted immigrants . 
  why wo n't countries take them back . 
  before they are a criminality problem ? 
  ------ meanwhile , monocultural countries like switzerland have no problems . 
  from [ article 50 ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/regdata/etudes/brie/2016/577971/eprs_bri\\ ( 2016 \\ ) 577971_en . pdf ) :  the treaties shall cease to apply to the state in question from the date of entry into force of the withdrawal agreement or , failing that , two years after the notification looks like it will be nullified if you ever trigger article 50 . 
  do n't count on france 's help for having it back . 
  also :  removing pass porting from the uk in favour of a protectionist policy is bad for the eu . 
  maybe let the eu be the judge of that ? 
  for one france would * love * to have all your banks . 
  [ mmmh oh yeah , oh this is so good , oh look how they want to be with us now , look how they 're getting in bed with us and dumping you ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/news/valls-announces-tax-measures-boost-draw-paris-post-002656069.html ) . 
  you may have compensated with [ a dildo tower ] ( http://images.lmgtfy.com/?q=london+dildo+tower ) but it was not enough . 
  they wanted the real deal . 
  i ca n't believe that after 1500 years we 're finally shrekting you guys . 
  the trick was to just let you shit yourselves on your own accord . 
  we remember joan of arc , we remember fachoda . 
  farewell , united kingdom of wales-and-england-but-not-london-and-definitely-not-scotland-hahaha - :d . 
  farewell financial industry , then . 
  true regarding 2. : i 'm fairly confident dna analysis can help , as well as language assessment , plus just asking them too . 
  the thing with 3 . 
  i just do n't get . 
  why wo n't they take their own citizens back ? 
  or do they see it as leverage to be exploited ? 
  you underestimate the grip sarkozy has on the party . 
  or all be repatriated to their country of origin . 
   will achieve nothing even if he does go to london with a list of demands imho , with brexit looming he will have plenty of negociating power . 
  how about the uk keeps eu passporting for its banks in exchange for dealing ( politically and financially ) with migrants ? 
  i do n't . 
  i do n't want turks on my soil , either . 
  turks are not that different from syrians or afghans , when it comes to comparing them to europeans . 
  i 'd very much like that multi-level redundant immigrant blocking is achieved . 
  walls , border patrols , police on the streets searching for them , citizen denunciation , deportation programs , face + fingerprints + dna identification , camps outside the border , sea patrols , military radars , boat destructions , economic sanctions on uncooperative nations , nato exclusion as a pressure on turkey . 
  that 's just me , but on top of that i 'd like to add deportation of first and second generation immigration of mena origin . 
   on the global refugee crisis , president juncker confirmed that the commission was working on plans for an external investment plan , which will tackle the root causes of forced displacement and irregular migration by attracting new private investment to the economies of unstable regions . 
  they are robbing us of our identity , now they want to claim our money , too . 
  fucking handouts mentality , and not even towards us . 
  just get the refugees out back in their country , and build a sky high wall .
