  not at all . 
  just away in your country , in peace . 
  europe wo n't be good to you . 
   people like you are ruining turkey i have not had any contact to turkey , nor do i want to . 
  how can i be harmful to turkey ? 
  the eu does not owe anything to turkey . 
  am i denying you something you think is yours ? 
  well it just does n't work that way . 
  turkey and turkisk people have to prove themselves worthy , and it belongs to the eu to make the decision . 
  who is asking to join who ? 
   and harming europe oh , quite the contrary . 
  there is some point at which we have to value quality ( coherence of the people ) over quantity ( number of people ) . 
   not quite what i meant [ ... ] i do n't care for your existance = / = i want you dead . 
  then do tell me exactly what you meant by not valuing my existence . 
   i do n't value your opinion or your existance oh wow , now you 're wishing i were dead . 
  this exchange has indeed reached an end . 
  so much for having quality people into the eu . 
  continents : asia is originally a turkish province ; you guys share 85 % of your land borders to the south and east . 
  europe stops at the bosphorus . 
  should turkish thrace break off we could make an exception , though . 
   islam quite literally stems from christianity . 
  yet is fundamentally very foreign to it . 
   i forgot that we were a caliphate . 
  well , you guys are trying damn hard to be one . 
  also , what kind of a country needs an army coup every 15 years to show the government the `` right way '' ? 
   will progress to a fully secular democracy that yet has to happen * before * any eu accession , and to be honest i do n't think you guys ever will . 
  in any case , your religious past will yield quite a different flavor of secularism . 
   no one is arguing that current turkey will join the eu i beg to differ . 
  a very large portion of european citizens want nothing to do with you guys . 
   most uneuropean things about us . 
  i 'm glad you acknowledge it . 
  but these are just the tip of the iceberg . 
   you and me do n't decide that your political tradition is showing . 
  in our countries , people can cast their opinion in elections . 
  rest assured i ( and quite a sizeable part of my co-citizen ) will vote primarily to shut down any unsound eu expansion . 
  ------------- eu losing the uk and gaining turkey would mean nothing anymore . 
  it would kill the eu . 
  look , we have a internal migration problem to sort out first . 
  the uk left because of all the immigration . 
  give us about 500 years ( the usa is still having racial problems 250 years in ) , and try again . 
  we just do n't want you guys . 
  because we 're not on the same continent . 
  the languages have no common base , the way of life and culture do not stem from the same basis ( judeo-christian vs islam ) . 
  the political tradition do not share anything in common . 
  the place of religion in society do not follow the same rules . 
  the place of women is not the same . 
  you guys share roots with kazakhstan , and i do n't mean it in a bad way . 
  you just belong to a region that is more eastern ( language ) and southern ( religion ) . 
  we can be good neighbours , though . 
  a country which needs to be told this statement has no place in the eu . 
  i 'd glad this gap is recognized by them . 
  it is becoming urgent the eu tells turkey the eu accession will never take place , instead of this lie of a situation . 
   when we limit our view to only the things we already like , we will end in utter stupidity and ignorance you 're confusing history and culture . 
   you should go out and talk to a few moslems yourself oh , i have plenty at work . 
  they are integrated in form but not in mind . 
  all they ever talk about is couscous , palestine , syria and burkinis . 
  plenty of french topics , as you can see . 
  we talk chopin and mozart very rarely . 
   syrian fighters  reintegrate by that logic i should give them my wife and my house too . 
   e pluribus unum what talking about this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/in_god_we_trust, 
   have optional religion classes this trip should have been optional too . 
  how about instead of learning about all religions , there is the option to learn about none ? 
   the bible as literature you guys have a weird definition of separation of state and religion . 
  what happened to the e pluribus unum ? 
  so basically we 're putting males who went through war and self-deportation , in the full force of their testosterone peak , with negatives education towards women in contact with 14 year old girls who do n't know better ; and for them to have play times together . 
  is this the 72 virgins thing ? 
   that they can actually integrate but do they genuinely want to ? 
  or is it part of hoops they have to go through to flee the war ? 
  the better help we could get them is stable and liveable camps , fast reconstruction of syria ; also , helping them stay close to syria where their social fabric can be bootstrapped back , and not torn further apart . 
   as many refugees as they can integrate nope . 
  it is not our duty to max out this inflow , and take on any refugee in the world . 
  also , refugees stop being refugees and become economic migrants the second they go further than the first safe country . 
  having them stay close will let them keep parts of their social graph , keep their land claims , help fill back syria 's social fabric faster ( especially former cops , we do n't want a power vacuum in syria ) . 
  it is criminal to call for further uprooting of the syrian people . 
  the pope sees an opportunity to brush up charitable feelings in christians while hoping for some conversions . 
  separation of state and religion means to me that school trips to religious institutions should not exist . 
  especially since mosques are relatively recent in germany , and as such do not have a cultural component in any way . 
  this school is at fault , and should get fined for this . 
   the eu is not a nationstate true  i doubt it ever will be it could slowly reach us levels of coherence . 
  uk was stopping all attempts at further integration ; we could see new eu things in the near future . 
  i 'd gladly dedicate myself to build it . 
  i did a road trip with friends in scandinavia a while ago ; and had great chemistry with a girl from oslo . 
  that girl was shining light so bright into my chest . 
  and she had a french name !, 
  oh annette , i 'd happily make you any number of babies you want . 
  we 'd have a wooden house with a garden , right near the oslofjorden . 
  there was a re-branding , sure . 
  but it did not happen in a vacuum , and does not even begin to explain the massive sway to the right . 
  people may buy cereal on the color of the packaging , but it is an insult to consider they do so for their political leaders . 
  could it be that this evil far right is actually addressing the concerns of the citizens ? 
  this article looks like denial . 
  if anything , this movement towards the far right being more palatable is a consequence of them going from militant ( advocating strict measures ) to implementers ( reassuring the general public over how it will be done ) . 
  a far-right with eu as the nationstate . 
  they sometimes do some good . 
  they had some balls when it came to the snowden leaks . 
  but their leftish stances are pushing for a cultural , demographic suicide . 
  refugees stop being refugees and become economic migrants the second they go past the first safe country . 
  how about we stop this awful ideas of helping population displacement ? 
  both coming to and from greece . 
  short term charitable-feelings-based political points , coupled with i-will-show-the-world-the-right-way attitude .
