  then why not make it official ? 
  --  any memberstate can block turkish membership yet they ca n't do shit against a visa-free travel . 
  which in effect is the exact same thing as having turkey in the eu . 
  the eu is actively working against its citizens . 
  --  merkel is not part of the eu . 
  yet , she is calling for immigrants in her own country , who will get citizenship at some point ; while being in a freedom of movement area . 
  i am affected by her crappy decisions , and i ca n't do shit . 
  the eu in its current form is utter crap . 
  --  i do n't really know what you 're talking about i 'm talking an executive branch we ** directly ** elect . 
  it does n't exist . 
  did you get to vote on the faction ? 
  did you vote on him vs another chump ? 
   though i agree that system needs an overhaul , and better sooner than later . 
  thank you !, 
  and the less indirection there is , the better . 
  --  that 's not really hoew representative democracy works . 
  have a look at direct democracy . 
  less indirection . 
  we should not have had a juncker in the first place . 
  we should have someone we chose . 
  someone we grant great powers . 
  someone we throw out when at the first sign of tyranny . 
  when politicians have the fear of the electoral pressure , they act diligently and they behave . 
   sadly he also had to gain the trust of the various national government yep . 
  28 governments . 
  each inserting irrelevant shit . 
  each choosing the emptiest candidate possible . 
  pleasing to all . 
  there you have it . 
  the most submissive , emptiest man they ever could find . 
  are you proud of your leader , / u/historicusxiii ? 
  --  then you eurosceptics again , you 're assuming way too much . 
  i 'm part of the 2-3 % who call themselves european first ; while having verifiably all my grand ^ 4 - parents french natives ( except one , he is only swiss ; nobody is perfect ) . 
  but hey , merkel wants to reap some charitable capital and invites half the planet over , while the eu is ferrying some more . 
  while the eu is continuing to entertain a turkish accession , which no one wanted , ever ( i can source this pretty solidly , if you want ) . 
  i 'm only european . 
  i can stay european in my own country , though . 
  outside of merkel 's vision , and not under this crap of a eu government . 
  --  it 's trendy to be allergic to facts these days . 
  you 're not reading well . 
  the sentence was meant to say : a decision . 
  an unilateral decision to which i ca n't do shit against . 
  a fact . 
  something i have no say about . 
  i should ( and you should too ) have a say over decisions taken by the european executive branch . 
  as said by / u/jtalin , juncker holds no power . 
  this means nothing . 
  a step in the right direction , but no change whatsoever . 
  the executive branch is still a farce . 
   which currently is n't the case i beg to differ . 
  how did he get elected vs other guy ? 
  he had to do some pretty heavy handed backstage campaigning with parties and governments . 
  he spent campaigning directly to the european people approximately 0 seconds . 
  -- the point being that the executive decisions of the eu are not placed at the right level . 
  most decisions are pretty abysmal and always a crappy compromise between 28 countries . 
  some elite court is dumping facts over my head . 
  juncker is not my president . 
  i feel ( and am not the only one ) i have absolutely \\ _ zero \\ _ connection to this . 
  i will vote leave if a referendum comes . 
  but give me a leader i can throw out , and i 'll throw him out . 
   chances are you never voted for your government either wrong . 
  [ france , and about half other european countries have direct elections ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elections_by_country ) . 
  anyway , i 'd settle for one level of indirection instead of zero , though . 
  but not this crap of a system we currently have . 
  a direct election would help build european sentiment on the other hand . 
  it would show a unique human head that was not chosen in some backstage negotiations . 
  it would personify europe and create a direct link from people to their leader . 
  it is something to hold a person 's name ( and not some party name ) in your own hands . 
   elections of the executive branch are pretty direct i beg to differ . 
  i never voted for it . 
  i do n't think we have the same definition of `` direct '' . 
  same thing for the council . 
  -- there is way too much layers . 
  there should be zero layers . 
  a direct election . 
  do n't be . 
  that 's par for the course . 
  that weak compromise , mostly made of posturing is a produce of a court made of politicians . 
  for blame to be properly directed , there has to be only one leader , directly punishable . 
  this is why we need a direct election of the executive branch . 
  juncker fucks up ? 
  juncker gets thrown out . 
  as simple as that . 
  to do that currently , you have to make blame propagate through a [ tree that is 5 levels deep , and has 28 leafs \\ ( link between the electorate and the president , with links being merged \\ ) ] ( https://arnoldplaton.files.wordpress.com/2016/11/eu-infographic-v.png?w=1250 ) . 
  this is the commission is disconnected from reality . 
  i was hoping you would clarify what you meant by `` their problems '' . 
  you seemed to know what you were talking about ; given you were saying you were in a place to take smarter decisions . 
  maybe a more informed place about the problems at hand . 
  or were you not talking about the problems ? 
   le pen will not resolve seriously any of their problems who will ? 
  that is so easily bypassed . 
  you can always claim you need the migrant 's profile when what you only care about is that he asks for a way lower salary . 
  source : these false claims happening 3 times this year at my job in france . 
  the local population being discriminated against each time . 
  it 's all about controlling the message . 
  on another topic ; merkel might have gone to the heart of africa to investigate , but no measure have been taken . 
  no shit , they just crossed seas to come here . 
  but will it remains so for 30 years ? 
  because it can take that long . 
  also there is a difference between wanting and being able to .
