  and not in a `` frozen accession '' wording . 
  in a `` never '' wording . 
  calm down everybody . 
  that would be too beautiful . 
  the words were : `` halt '' , `` frozen '' , and `` freeze '' . 
  and that is temporary because the erdogan is transient on the long term scale . 
  -- i wish mps had the balls to say not now , and never . 
  that was already pretty clear for everyone . 
  no need so sigh . 
  now if you find an article about horse and kidney stones ... 
   reduce eu membership to visa-free travel well , that 's a huge chunk of it . 
  what is a country with non-blocking border ? 
  countries are n't ethereal things . 
  they are made of land and people . 
  it is an existential thing . 
  the economy is comfort compared to this . 
  --  on advice from individual member states  national governments can block it . 
  i do n't think you understand the meaning of the `` advice '' word . 
  lots of countries advised germany not to call for a million + new foreigners . 
  look how that worked out . 
  btw , there is no fucking way these ones are relocated anywhere else in europe . 
  germany 's decision , germany 's problem . 
  --  the ep is elected , the commission is appointed by the national governments and confirmed by the ep yup . 
  they ca n't be thrown out electorally . 
  how can juncker face a vote of no confidence ? 
  there is no vote . 
  national elections are already a hugely low bandwidth link between the people and their state . 
  it is always some sort of a binary choice and it is usually every 5 years . 
  that 's a bandwidth of 0.2 bit/year . 
  and we should be using that already overcrowded link to pass a convoluted message ? 
  on top of this message requiring european coordination ? 
  you 're saying it can be done because they are sort of ** s ** elected by people chosen by other people elected on a whole variety of other matters through a binary choice . 
  i say there is so much indirection it is impossible in practice . 
  and that 's the good case of no corruption or lobbying influencing any part of this chain . 
  and then , there is the whole other issue of making them work on a specific subject , namely population composition and immigration control . 
  why are you against more decision power to the people ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  the procedure can be hacked . 
  erdogan negociating visa-free travel can create a de facto accession , and the official process would have to be hand waved to accept this de facto situation . 
  now this visa-free travel term was accepted because turkey already has a foot in europe . 
  this procedure might be solid , but there are many ways it can be bypassed . 
  -- on another notes , every state can veto turkey accessing through this procedure . 
  but they ca n't veto this visa-free travel condition . 
  they ca n't veto a de facto accession . 
  something is very wrong in the eu . 
  things are being negotiated by people who ca n't be thrown out electorally . 
  and they try god damn hard to bypass our controls . 
  damn , the word is already taken . 
   they 're candidate for half a century is n't that a sign in itself ? 
  it 's like a long overdue break-up . 
  from urban dictionary :  norwegian for `` to sit outside on a sunny day and have a beer . '', 
  :d i take it pils is for the beer part ? 
  in english : a clap . 
  in this context , these words have been chosen very careful as to allow a double meaning , imho . 
   the former french prime minister 's unexpected surge i think it is because the primary was an open one . 
  that 's a first in france . 
  i wonder what the base of the party thinks of that . 
  of course they wo n't tell , because party unity is sacred . 
  and fillon is a core member . 
  but in the meantime , a closed primary would have produced a slightly different distribution ( not by much , a few percentage points here and there at most ) . 
  hell , even having a primary is a relatively new concept in france . 
  lots of unknown variables , seems to me . 
   treat children for autism  help pass a kidney stone does it have a horn on its head ? 
  a stick and a carrot ? 
  at some point we have to stop forcing this marriage . 
  it has to come from them alone , unincentivised . 
   who cares ? 
  i did . 
   it 's infuriating , because you think you are `` entitled '' to `` details '' . 
  it 's discussion forum . 
  meant for discussion . 
  i 'm definitely not entitled to details from you , but you can use the forum to make your view point heard . 
  if hollande feels authoritarian , it is surely because you have something to say . 
  why not make it known to the world ? 
  --  i just cringe forcefully yeah . 
  that part you do n't need to tell me . 
  i can figure it our on my own . 
  there there , it 's going to be ok . 
  the bad words ca n't hurt you . 
  -- anyway , i have learned a bit about you now . 
  this was a lot underwhelming i must say . 
  i was imagining someone from a remote place in canada , going to fetch the news every summer ; if the rivers have not been flooded by beavers . 
  i think i cared way more than i should have . 
  with your consent , i propose that we end our discussion now . 
  that was the joke, 
  hey did you quick edit one of your posts ? 
  i just read you wrote this :  the ever-increasing fascist nature of contemporary centrist and right-wing politics ? 
  -- alright , i 'm starting to see something . 
  so centrism is fascist ; and hollande is authoritarian . 
  i think you might be harboring some hard left opinions that have died long ago . 
  that you somewhat feel alone in your beliefs . 
  sprinkled with persecution paranoia ( your refusal to give more details and staying cryptic , your fear of some mob attacking you on a pseudonymous internet forum ) . 
  -- would you feel better if i told you that when i was in a band ( trumpet player ) , we went and played for arlette laguiller at one of her meeting ? 
  twas good . 
  we even took a photo with her . 
  alright , mob of mine , back off from this guy . 
  i unsummon you !, 
  i 'm not abandoning . 
  i must know . 
  how could someone fear the wrath of hollande ?
