  what is it with brother rivalry in germany ? 
  the aldi brothers , the dassler brothers . 
   did n't cut their financial aid for the refugee camps . 
  you could have increased it . 
  it would have been a great investment , considering the associated costs of the alternative : http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-costs-iduskcn0y50dy http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/691638/germany-migrant-crisis-immigration-economy-trillion-pounds http://www.dw.com/en/german-states-demand-billions-of-euros-to-cover-refugee-costs/a-19380733 http://www.documentarytube.com/articles/germany-and-refugees-does-the-home-for-syrian-refugees-outweigh-the-cost http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/the-times/europe-migrant-crisis-berlin-needs-67-billion-euros-to-educate-refugees/news-story/e3bb98f0059c5c37b24804d1e1e16c82 80b $ is 2.2 % if gdp off germany 's budget . 
  permanently . 
  to a certain extent , you guys are actually paying part of the cost of the war in syria for all sides . 
  for all the population movements all those ( american , russian , turkish , syrian ) bombs caused . 
  enabling the warmongers . 
  are you proud now ? 
  --  what kind of international help do you fantasize about ? 
  the help that is already there . 
  jordan has 1.4 million of them in camps . 
  and a surplus of deserts . 
  you guys could have paid for doubling it . 
  instead of entertaining people to engage in a 2000km journey . 
  that is , if your kid does n't drown in the process . 
   sure and we will keep bombing them back . 
  how about nobody kills anyone ? 
  how about everybody stays in his borders , and nobody tries to instigate population movement , or removal of authority ? 
  same profiles , if you look at the deadliest terrorist attacks all over europe . 
   i 'm feeling some strange new emotion . 
   there will be tariff free trade . 
  or so may tells you . 
  negotiation have not happened yet . 
  i 'll give you free trade if you give us your financial industry . 
  --  no country wants to get rid of uk tourists . 
  we will continue to come easily . 
  true , and we will welcome you guys . 
  but it would be so much easier without all the paperwork . 
  --  we mostly go there to retire i 'm thinking of all the britanny properties , that virtually saw their value increase as the gbp sank . 
  the baby boom generation really did stick it to you guys . 
  on top of the massive immigration they allowed . 
  and now they are flying away to sunnier pastures . 
   do you really think this would hurt too much it is not for you to make that call . 
  we said no . 
  get lost , now . 
  and i 'm hugely fucking fearful of the freedom-of-movement thing , as you 're continuing to entertain such views . 
  as said before : population recomposition is the worst defiling you can do to a country , short of nuking it . 
  in a freedom-of-movement area , the control is as weak as its weakest member . 
  --  france would need to take more in this equation because you already got pretty many . 
  are you saying that because we 're already fucked up beyond any recognition it is okay now ? 
  --  you are also still assuming that we 've invited them . 
  or they invited themselves and you guys let the door opened . 
  there is such a thing as negligence . 
  --  we do with a million refugees at our borders they were not at your borders . 
  you could have helped turkey , lebanon , jordan with logistics . 
  it would actually have helped them break their social graph a little less . 
  closer to their country , closer to rebuilding it . 
  and an a refugee stops being a refugee and becomes an economic migrant once he goes past the first safe country . 
  --  arrogant because you are demanding solutions without providing a single usable . 
  international help . 
  there you go . 
  2 words , 2 seconds of inspiration . 
  not that hard to find . 
  i 'll give you the arrogant part : you could have thought of it yourself ,, 
   they will still trade with us not at easily as before . 
  or they could buy at huge price the market access . 
   tourist in our countries not under the same conditions . 
  also forget about working . 
   participate in scientific research [ uk scientists dropped from eu projects because of post-brexit funding fears ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/education/2016/jul/12/uk-scientists-dropped-from-eu-projects-because-of-post-brexit-funding-fears ) etc. 
  -- yes , they 're not disappearing , or towing their island towards other countries . 
  but they were our brothers , and we had deep things between us . 
  and it makes me puke that turkey is still being in an accession process . 
  we do n't want them . 
  i would call a brother a random british folk , when i would n't a turk . 
  literally . 
   by now . 
  times have changed . 
  for example , good ol' censorship does not work work on many-to-many social media . 
  you 're going to have to face reality now , and leave your fairytale world . 
  --  sadly some of us are never going to learn . 
  please do continue with the arrogance , and the blanket refusal to see the reality of others . 
  it might actually serve you guys well , and get you a leader that would make germany great again . 
  i will not answer the insults that you sprinkled your comment with . 
  --  learn to understand statistics i 'm looking at afd changing orders of magnitude in its voter base . 
  look , we 're in the future here in france . 
  our attacks came earlier . 
  we could n't believe it , but it fucking happened . 
  the death toll is low compared to our population , but it is a sign of a much broader problem . 
  we have entire neighbourhoods where muslims youth is unemployed , angry , and installing their own laws . 
  women can not go in the streets unveiled . 
  they can not go and buy a beer in a bar in large parts of the suburbs . 
  a tiny part of them will go on to be terrorist ; the other overwhelming part will silently and softly install their crap in everything . 
  --  oh , i forgot , you 're [ ... ] probably american who 's making uninformed assumptions now ? 
   it was the press who interpreted merkel stating the german law as a invitation . 
  migrants did too , and that 's what matters . 
  because reality matters . 
  reality is not words written a long time ago for another situation ; it is not chemical pleasure signaling from thinking to have been charitable . 
  reality is a skull exploding under a truck tyre . 
  millions came , most of them male and in large parts not from syria ; and they are fucking up you country on countless levels . 
  changing the citizenship composition is the worst defiling you can do to a country , short of nuking it . 
  enjoy your germany v2 .0 : crap edition . 
  wrong . 
  more attacks will come . 
  but i 'm hopeful for you guys . 
  you will come to pragmatic reason once enough women are raped , and enough people are mowed down . 
  well , it is a clear signal that mowing down people is not that big of a deal ; and that low efforts to prevent it are sort of ok . you might be confused if you were trying to compare it to the french 's response to bataclan . 
  we did not say : `` we 'll stay the same '' . 
  we said : `` we 'll continue partying , and harder at that ; just come at us '' .
