  you guys might like her , but she 's selfishly eating away at the core part on which your economic success lies : the eu . 
  whatever . 
  you 'll understand . 
  you 'll understand after a crazed islamist comes to a concert hall you like , and kills 130 persons with his ak47 . 
   and your financial situation is n't worth noting anyway . 
  :p we 're not that far off . 
  you 're really about domination , are n't your ? 
  you 're intent on fucking over even the ones who help you have a strong economy . 
  --  your culture seems to be long gone anyway save yours , while is it still alive . 
  --  enjoy your even bigger pile of skulls 1 . 
  you 're a traitor to your fellow countrymen for belittling their death . 
  letting them do the trip them actually endangered them . 
  remember the dead drowned kid crossing the see ? 
  they could have been safe in jordan . 
   so you are afraid of refugees ? 
  sorry , but no , you are n't . 
  i bet you do n't know even a single one . 
  so how could you be afraid ? 
  oh , i know plenty of people from all around the mediterranean . 
  you know , i live in paris . 
  paris is submerged by them . 
  it 's been colonized . 
  i 'm not afraid of them . 
  i 'm just seeing them every fucking day and it makes me puke . 
  france has become a free-for-all reverse colony . 
  we 're trying our best to reverse the flow , and it is fucking difficult . 
  then you ignorant ( of our problems ) germans come and fuck it all up . 
  -- well dude , i got a pretty good view of your opinions , and i do not wish to be exposed to more . 
  i propose we end this discussion . 
  enjoy your splattered skulls , your 80b $ yearly bill and the slow death of your culture . 
   most people can not handle rationality these days yeah , i wish more people backed their arguments with sourced facts . 
   i think i were aware at some time but i moved this speech into `` i need to please the moderate-right wingers by telling them what they want to hear '' section . 
  in fact she admitted nothing . 
  it is even worse than hearing what you want to hear . 
  you are actually transforming what she said so that you can hear it . 
  do you have some sort of a mother-sexual-crush-fetish-complex on mutti ? 
  because that would make for a valid explanation . 
  mmmh mutti-chan , let me lick these sweet brown migrants of yours . 
  --  maybe then you should accept the situation and live with a germany that just wants economic success and to feel morally superior to be happy . 
  what is so wrong about refugee cuddling ? 
  haha !, 
  i wrote my mutti-chan words before reading your `` cuddling '' word . 
  i knew it . 
  well , your economic success is vastly based upon having access to the european market . 
  and it comes with obligations not to fuck over your partners . 
  legal obligations , as well as strategic obligations , as well as behavioral obligations . 
  such as not scaring other countries ( like the uk , who mostly left because ... immigration ) . 
  --  to feel morally superior to be happy if it 's only about the feeling , i can buy you guys some drugs . 
  i hear cocaine does a good ego-boost . 
  deal ? 
  on an unrelated note , i 'm curious as to why you said `` beloved mod marktplatz '' do you know him from another encounter ? 
  have you seen him do some good things ? 
  has he got a reputation ? 
  oh , i 'm already familiar with the propaganda of your beloved mod ; who confuses modding and political commenting , btw . 
  my backpedalling article is 1 month old , his content is 9 month old . 
  merkel has already stated it was a mistake her-fucking-self 3 months ago :  [ `` we did n't embrace the problem in an appropriate way , '' she added . 
  `` that goes as well for protecting the external border of the schengen area , '' ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-iduskcn1152iu ) answer me : were you aware that she said that , or are you learning it now ? 
  you might want to read a wider set of news more often . 
  a frenchman is correcting the information you have on your own leader . 
  --  do n't you think we have n't had enough lessons in the past that germans are not good in learning such things and always tend to overreact ? 
  on the other side ... some even seem to consider the handling of the refugees as this kind of overreaction . 
  damn well right . 
  find a middle ground asap , it is hugely stressful to see you guys being instable . 
  with each passing massacre , they will learn at some point . 
   it already has been clarified from the bundeskanzleramt hours after those `` mama merkel '' articles appeared . 
  that 's just something the press does not care about . 
   nobody is able to read german . 
  oh , stop it with the blind rationalization . 
  you are willfully ignorant . 
  at some point a government is supposed to get shit done . 
  maybe fucking translate the fucking thing to english ? 
  maybe send some officials to the refugees ? 
  maybe have the turkish and greek police issue a message . 
  i can not believe you are not trolling me right now . 
  -- since you like the british press so much , here is an article : http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/736818/migrant-crisis-angela-merkel-deport-100-000-refugees-failed-asylum-seekers-germany and a quote from merkel herself . 
  backpedalling like a madwoman :  the most important thing in the coming months is repatriation , repatriation and once more , repatriation -- your leader is a fuck up . 
  and except for the economic part , your are a joke of a country in europe at the moment . 
  but i 'm hopeful . 
  because with enough skulls spread on the pavement - because there will be more - , you guys will learn at some point . 
   something we did not . 
  if 1 million people got the wrong impression , it is you duty to clarify the message . 
  people do get condemned for negligence . 
  it is a thing merkel is responsible for . 
   our law forced us . 
  if your laws forces you to suicide , would you do it ? 
  you would vote new laws . 
  and there is nothing against the mode of help in the laws . 
  you do not have to do it on your soil . 
  there is always a way . 
  -- you are 100 % ego , and 0 % pragmatism . 
  all you want is to get that `` i 'm right '' ego boost . 
  well maybe you 're right about merkel not uttering the words `` come here '' . 
  but now you have to deal with 1.2 million geniuses , lawyers , engineers and doctors ; and exploded skulls on the pavement . 
  but you 're right , so it is all that matters . 
  everything good . 
  -- anyway , germany v2 .0 : crap edition does not sound like a good country to be with . 
  just like uk did , an increasingly high number of french voters want out . 
  if germany stays intent on crapping up the eu . 
  -- enjoy your 80b $ yearly bill . 
  jesus : rt , breitbart ; everybody wants us well informed !,
