  change your country from within . 
  3 of which getting booted in the most shameful way , and merkel not at her best . 
  this is what happens when you crap on your citizens ' way of life , when you try to replace them . 
  history will remember them as useless persons . 
  or better : not at all . 
  good riddance . 
  fuck them . 
  they 'll stay refugees , and go back at some point right ? 
  or have you already done the semantic shift to migrants ? 
  -- freedom of movement means you 're fucking us over , germany . 
  juncker is a puppet . 
  he spends his days trying to accommodate every national government of europe . 
  not criticising ; that 's what it takes to make the job work . 
  he means one with power . 
  one we can elect without 5 levels of indirection . 
  there 's being a weapon , and there 's being weaponized is what they mean . 
   their attitudes to many issues such as the nhs , unemployment and immigration are broadly in line with the rest of the population . 
  i 'm pretty baffled that being anti-immigration is so badly regarded . 
  jesus , even the former immigrants themselves are against it . 
  and that 's with them probably having some family abroad . 
  people need to grow up . 
  the wikipedia page ( which contains op 's image ) , contains this map too : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/civil_law_ ( legal_system ) # / media/file : map_of_the_legal_systems_of_the_world _ ( en ) . png and these maps differ by some bits . 
  russia , portugal , switzerland , are listed as `` napoleonic law with germanic law influence '' . 
   they wo n't get any money for 5 years . 
  i 'm not talking about welfare . 
  i 'm talking about filling jobs in . 
  it would depress your salaries , but not have a drastic effect on unemployment . 
   those who find jobs are already coming interesting . 
  i 'd be very interested in numbers . 
  some say you have currently a very low unemployment rate ; and i 'm kind of baffled that they say at the same time that it would be great for external migrants to come and fill the jobs . 
  i mean , why not take greeks ( or poles , bulgarians ) before encouraging people to come from further away ( and not from the eu ) . 
  i have always been wondering : would germans be ok with mass immigration from greece 's unemployed ? 
  seems to me like a win-win for everyone , even the other eu members . 
   a finnish pension fund having it not operate in finland would kind of make it worse , would n't it ? 
  this would be a collateral side effect , which wo n't be measured in the fund 's performance , of course . 
  so , it makes sense for the managers to make the move . 
  it seems to me the economy would benefit if the state imposed some control over this . 
  jokes can get elected in the most powerful countries , nowadays . 
  care to elaborate on his relationship with erdogan ? 
  `` removed '' wtf is that shit ? 
  `` lack of context or necessary information '' . 
  yeah right . 
  this means nothing . 
  what necessary information do they need ? 
  what more context do you need ? 
  i swear sometimes you really believe some of them have a pro-turkey agenda . 
  i demand an explanation that is more in depth . 
  i 'd be very interested with the situation now . 
  has there been colonization initiatives by any side ? 
  * really * think i 'm having difficulties for the meaning of the sentence . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  mckinsey is doing politics , now ? 
  there should be laws against businesses trying to modify countries ' composition . 
  hear , hear !, 
  i 'd vote blindly for any candidate who would enforce this termination . 
  maybe the new borders should be presented to the un and accepted by the international community , then ? 
  / s and i was a marseille resident at that moment ( studying ) . 
  i was well aware of the `` colonization '' you casually imply . 
  i had ideas about integration and peaceful intermingling before that . 
  i no longer have them . 
   the employers must justify their decisions in writing and these are to be read by whom ? 
  it is pretty easy to bullshit such forms . 
  this has no control power whatsoever . 
  source : my daily job , under a cost-focused boss . 
  two of my fellow countrymen have been discriminated against this year ; to the profit of people freshly arrived from the other side of the mediterranean . 
  they do n't differentiate . 
  everyone is a target . 
  it even won them an infamous shitposting award from their fans , personally delivered !, 
  yep . 
  and this case does not apply to people who migrated out of being forced to do it . 
  the thing i do n't understand is : ok , it is written in the consitution ; but why the fuck is she advertising it publicly ? 
  i guess it is time to vote leave , now . 
  it was fun while it lasted . 
  i 'm half serious . 
  yup . 
  with help from the eu . 
  the closest to the place that is theirs , that they will have to rebuild . 
  i have a problem . 
  or i may not have . 
  depending on if france can either enforce back its borders , or if it leaves the eu . 
  there is freedom of movement at some point . 
  at some point in the process there is freedom of movement , which is eu-wide . 
  it happens a little after the semantic shift from refugees to migrants . 
  i 've been told i 'm not in french territory right in the middle of marseille , and that i better get out of the neighbourhood quickly . 
  not after any conversation . 
  just being called down while i was walking down the street . 
  this was not in some suburb . 
  [ here exactly where it happened ] ( https://www.google.fr/maps/place/rue+de+l'acad\u00e9mie,+13001+marseille/@43.2957135,5.3800787,18z ) . 
  who is `` you people '' ? 
  maybe you 're right . 
  times could have indeed changed . 
  i must disagree . 
  you do n't reach 35 % with the evils you mention . 
  french people ca n't have moved opinion that much . 
  fn has dropped everything that was considered unpalatable to a majority of the french electorate : `` traditional family values '' , racism , anti-semitism . 
  they only kept the immigration control and euroscepticism part . 
  the old fn guard , i 've been told ( no publicly available numbers , i have searched , sorry ) , has moved on to another figure ; which is exactly like the old fn and the current afd . 
  the guy 's name is [ henry de lesquen , here is an article ] ( http://archyworldys.com/henry-de-lesquen-the-candidate-who-wants-to-banish-the-negro-music/ ) . 
  i have just researched them a bit and they already have a common point : de lesquen wants to ban black music ; afd calls for some `` leitkultur '' . 
  tell me what you think about his closeness with afd 's ideas .
