  who has he taken a decision against ? 
  the guy is a delicious teddy bear . 
  you just want to hug him . 
  just . 
  how . 
  or was it not hollande , but the french state at large who is authoritarian ? 
  jesus will you please answer . 
  omfg . 
  i have been reading some of your comments , and it appears that you are quite knowledgeable about france ; and have a keyboard with accents ( you wrote `` no kremlin champs-\u00c9lys\u00e9es '' ) . 
  how a french perso could be considering hollande authoritarian . 
  hollande . 
  authoritarian . 
  a [ `` hollande autoritaire '' google query ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=autoritaire+hollande ) yields nothing of value ; except maybe from m\u00e9lenchon in 2013 , but this guy only talks in extremes . 
  i 'm still baffled . 
  you can choose to not answer me . 
  to remain mysterious . 
  but i assure you you 're staying a mystery to other redditors , too . 
  can someone explain this guy to me ? 
  yes , i 'd gladly dance for you . 
  i 'm serious . 
  but you have to explain to me your opinion in great details . 
  the flamby thing is real . 
  you can go to wikipedia , it is written and sourced 3 times . 
  here , [ have some of our memes as a token of my honesty ] ( https://www.google.fr/search?q=hollande+flamby&amp;tbm=isch ) . 
  it is obvious you are not french . 
  i wonder if you are from europe . 
  you must hold this opinion because of some event you read about . 
  omg the suspense is killing me . 
  that is so surprising . 
  tell me please . 
  hollande , an authoritarian guy ? 
  that must be the joke of the century . 
  the guy is scared of opening his mouth , let alone taking a decision ; and let 's not go into doing things territory . 
  his nickname is [ flamby ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/flanby ) , ffs . 
  i am genuinely curious as to why you would say that . 
  a specific event makes you say that ? 
  i 'm baffled . 
  they 're renaming molenbeek after some of its members did bad stuff for the marketing image of the city . 
  / joke seriously , i do n't know for which part of the brussels area they are doing it . 
  yeah . 
  you got it the wrong way . 
  this was satire . 
  she was not advocating for `` sweeping , mopping , washing and fulfilling her marital duties '' . 
  pretty much exactly why people despise le pen father . 
   you 're campaigning for fn you 'd be surprised to see my voting history . 
   le pen takes loans and is a stooge for the kremlin yep , as already said , that 's sad . 
   there already is a near-authoritarian state at the moment now i 'm not following you anymore . 
  are you talking about the state hollande is heading ? 
  authoritarian ? 
  you are talking about marion-mar\u00e9chal , right ? 
  that putin thing is really bad . 
  i wish she would n't do it . 
  not after ukraine . 
  but other than that , i 'd say she is representing well the french people and what they think . 
  no need for this overused fn demonization , as both fn and the center are moving . 
  it 's ok to love your country . 
  and yes , i do agree with you . 
  she is pretty . 
   immigrants need to eat you know . 
  eating is less than 20 % of the budget in developed countries . 
  --  let 's do this in reverse [ ... ] the remaining country gets wealthier on average and a better jobs market . 
  remove a current immigrant 100 % on welfare and the country gets economically better in an obvious manner . 
  remove a low education , low wage current immigrant and : * a new position is opened , which can be filled by a local . 
  * the job market has additional pressure to increase the salaries . 
  * the society 's costs for him are gone ( no health insurance , no job protection to reserve money for , no education , etc ) . 
  these costs are exactly the average salary in the country . 
  * very little consumption is lost , and it is to be replaced by higher consumption . 
  * the remittance is stopped , the local consumption will increase with his replacement . 
  the country does not bleed wealth , which can be reinvested . 
  * the society 's costs for him is gone ( no health insurance , no job protection to reserve money for , no education , etc ) . 
  your argument only holds when there is 0 % unemployment . 
  this will not happen with delocalisation . 
  and having both delocalisation and immigration at the same time is a hugely silly thing . 
  -- also , i do n't like your reverse argument . 
  by this thinking , shipping the elderly to mali would benefit us . 
  and yet we choose not to do it . 
  --  obviously , the major caveat is that they not be low-skilled the threshold to contribute is way higher than you think . 
  this is not a diminishing returns situation . 
  this is a negative returns for the initial pool . 
  there is a point where our standards of living are way higher ( and require way more ongoing maintenance costs ) , than what immigrants would be able to maintain ( states with a way lower budget per capita , if the state exists at all ) . 
  if you want a simulation of what it leads to , look at the migrants ' original countries . 
  -- and then , it will get worse with the automation . 
  -- and then , there is the cultural cost . 
  have you read the article ? 
   pierrette le pen , after divorcing her husband because of his extremely conservative views, 
  if you want some racy le pen content , i highly recommend [ pierrette le pen 's photos ] ( http://en.protothema.gr/the-mother-of-marine-le-pen-was-a-playboy-bunny/ ) . 
  she 's the mother of marine ( photos taken in 1987 ) . 
  would do . 
  ahah yes , i had forgotten . 
  i hope you guys wo n't have to deal with another `` we can do it '' . 
   they voted for a guy from the netherlands i 'm failing to connect this to something . 
   merkel is a kind of leader of the eu , can you imagine if the eu was lead by hollande/sarkozy or may/cameron ? 
  what a sad thing to be able to say . 
  this kind of shit is why we ca n't have turkey in the eu . 
  not now , or ever . 
  we are not pure beings made of ideals . 
  at some point there is real life , and wether or not you can afford things . 
  wether or not you feel compatible with your neighbour . 
  our religions we have deconstructed to make them more idealistic , shedding them of their worst parts ( place of the women , church-state separation , not eating bacon , etc ) . 
  this has not happened as much in turkey .
