  it is named a `` block '' . 
  each block begins by the hash of another block . 
  boom . 
  all this is n't new nor complicated . 
  what 's new , though , is getting it to work in a hostile environment where the pot for breaking it ( long term control of the tip of the chain ) is 40b usd . 
  this is why blockchains alone - without the consensus protocol being executed directly on the hostile environment - will never be more than enterprisehype \u2122 slow databases . 
  i personally think satoshi is an nsa committee . 
  lots of things have come from the us military . 
  tor , for example . 
  you have absolutely no idea what you are talking about . 
  making your voice heard in the upcoming election could help in this regard . 
  i know most people find voting for afd to be supremely disgusting . 
  and i understand that . 
  but it sends a signal . 
  they wo n't ever come remotely close to any kind of power ; but others will definitely get the message . 
  -- in france , macron got elected by a huge margin ; and what did he say in his victory address ? 
  `` i want to remove reasons for people to vote fn '', 
  can you tell that to merkel , please ? 
  in the elections , i mean . 
  this is geopolitical . 
  as much money as we pour into nato should be poured into this project . 
  do n't listen to him . 
  he 's a lunatic troll , and he is a [ pedophile ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daniel_cohn-bendit#on_paedophilia ) . 
  given how well turkey and russia cooperate in syria and so many other subjects , that 's becoming less and less obvious by the minute . 
  true : / this kind of crap is why many despise the eu . 
  tried and true classics blended together . 
  i like you style . 
  it does n't work like that . 
  you do n't send them where you want . 
  this is : `` go wherever you feel like '' . 
  calais is in for another fun season . 
  look , french diplomacy at work . 
  prepare for some serious butthurt coming from the sultan . 
   was brutally murdered by a muslim intruder i regret so much these poor people are the ones having to do the southern trip . 
  * economic migrants and that should be obvious to everyone . 
  these migrants wo n't enter the job market by the high paying end . 
  how about changing the words to : `` learning to plan together '', 
  and each day russia behaves badly , it encourages our turkish neighbor to be free to behave badly . 
  it 's high time to remove turkey from nato . 
  these two are playing the alliance . 
  do n't you encourage them to immigrate . 
  with the new generation of turks having this in their head , we have to bar them accession permanently . 
  they made their choice . 
  i 'd rather have the lesson be taught without the flooding . 
  also , since there is freedom of movement it affects us all . 
  each country should have a veto over any entry/asylum/naturalization case another country reviews . 
  i sort of disagree . 
  they allowed this situation to happen . 
  without eu maintaining the borders , it was their responsibility . 
  it 's their responsibility now to fix it . 
  does italy have a deportation program ? 
  i mean , other than this visa initiative . 
  you 're not even trying to address any point . 
  just like the commission , you 're handwaving it all . 
  no concern shall ever be so important as to garner that you daign brush lightly over the issue . 
  at some point people will violently correct the democratic deficit in the eu . 
  dear god , addressing arguments in a calm way is that difficult ? 
  when the eu will properly handles a difficult crisis , and actually responds to popular demand to tackle said crisis , i 'll believe in it . 
  the eu is a joke at the moment . 
  -- op 's document is low-grade propaganda . 
  take part 11 , and look at what is in the middle of the page :  over 400 000 people rescued at see this is not what we 're asking for . 
  we 're asking you not to create them in the first place . 
  you let the inflow grow . 
  just today we learnt that the inflatable was provided by eu countries in the first place !, 
  and a large part of them actually dies in this inflated inflow . 
  how many did the eu indirectly murder by its inaction ? 
  they would be alive right now . 
  in a poor country sure , but alive . 
  and then where do these 400 000 people go ? 
  are they going to have a `` to be deported '' status until you tire us with more lies ? 
  are you planning to use our focused vote on this issue so that you can get away with more crap you feed us while we 're distracted ? 
  -- further down :  the eu is fighting traffickers [ ... ] people smugglers earned over eur 4 billion in 2015 alone from migrants they brought to greece and italy oh , so you mean the smugglers operate down to the actual landing in italy ? 
  i do n't get it , does this mean ngos are considered smugglers too ? 
  has this been the commission 's opinion all along ? 
  why the fuck did n't you do anything about that ? 
  when are you putting ngo 's personnel in prison , where they belong ? 
  -- it 's been 4 years this is going on . 
  and the eu want us to praise them for such weak , late and incomplete response ? 
  the eu needs serious reform , and the commission need to be scrapped entirely . 
  and we were supplying the boats the whole time ? 
  heads need to roll . 
   there is one country in europe that will benefit most from a european turkey , this is greece . 
  your fm is saying this , do you support him and his government ? 
  what would be the opinion of the man on the street about that ? 
   there are 220,000 people living in the occupied part , of which only 100,000 are turkish cypriots . 
  the other 100,000 are settlers and a part of them is abroad , mainly in london . 
  someone please let me understand how does that work and why london comes into play . 
  is this why the uk was pushing for having turkey in the eu ? 
  does this mean that if we resolve the cyprus crisis , we can finally close the eu door to turkey forever ? 
  how about everybody stops doing crappy things ? 
  this selective censorhip is regular behavior . 
  you sandwich one post against immigration between two that are for , and the three will be put in the mod queue . 
  only the two for will get approved , and the middle one will linger in the queue . 
  basically you need to fit one mod 's * political opinion * to have things approved . 
  hear , hear . 
  you can be a humanitarian superpower abroad . 
  unfortunately . 
  having border control and naturalization processes at the local level , when the freedom of movement is at the global level is a crappy position to be in . 
  do n't you dare remove this comment . 
  i 've screenshotted it .
