  it has to come from them . 
  -- europe runs on ideals , but europe runs too on europeans . 
   cutting turkey loose and letting it go wild what happened to the self determination ? 
  how about stopping this arrogance of telling them how to behave . 
  --  having said that , turkey will remain an important country to the south east . 
   in conclusion , we do n't lose anything by maintaining relations , but we risk losing a lot by cutting relations in anger . 
  would a neighborhood deal be enough ? 
  freedom of movement in the eu in this context is surely going to kill it . 
  we ca n't afford it . 
  the uk is on the way to be gone for immigration reasons ( and polish are way more culturally compatible with the uk than turkish people ) . 
   more people in one country will obviously also create more jobs how does a jobless immigrant create more jobs ? 
  sure it increases the social worker budget ; but where is the money coming from ? 
  the actual cost ( and benefits ) of having new people in our society is what has to be examined . 
  with actual numbers . 
  and then we compare them . 
  it will come down to comparing cross contribution to creating other jobs with increased competition . 
  to comparing new tax incomes by migrants with their effect on job competition . 
  --  and how wealthy a country is depends on the productivity , which actually tends to increase with more immigration . 
  you 're not grasping what productivity is . 
  productivity is per element . 
  in the extreme example of a jobless immigrant it is : new_productivity = old_productivity * population / ( population +1 ) so what now , do immigrants have to have jobs ? 
  do they have to contribute ? 
  what kind of job ? 
  we can go on . 
  we 'll go on the the phd or very high earner . 
  which is where job creation lies . 
  --  that was fucking stupid and a good example how the far right creates fake news this is too simple . 
  how about you start from facts , build up arguments , and then present a conclusion ? 
  instead of this blanket demonizing denial . 
   understand that people are allowed to disagree with you without being smug liberals locked in their ivory towers . 
  i 'm sorry it is upsetting you . 
  please consider my taking back this term . 
  ( and i did not say smug ) . 
  but please also start considering the daily life of your citizens instead of the sum of their activity . 
  there are way more things happening than a number on a term sheet . 
  please do not reduce them to numbers . 
  --  it does n't make sense to complain about jobs when you literally have too many of them . 
  there 's having jobs and there 's having highly paying jobs . 
  why tank the salaries every time unemployment goes low ? 
  --  yeah you make a lot of assumptions about how things should work , yet in reality you had close to full employment . 
  if immigrants stole each job from a local , how did that happen ? 
  please specify these assumptions . 
  and no , we never had full employment . 
  and again why tank the salaries when you do have it ? 
  for the job stealing , i can refer to the two instances i witnessed this year . 
  [ you can read about it here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5cw9wh/sarkozy_proposes_carbon_tax_on_us_goods_if_trump/da1ha56/ ) , if you have the energy to go actually read it . 
  the relevant part is starting at the middle . 
  --  true , but it does n't mean that they are worse off either , nor that the decline is to be blamed on immigrants well in the analysis , the immigration is the only thing changing . 
  if you had actually read my comment you would not blanket tell me i 'm wrong here . 
  i would be seeing more a more convoluted commentary from you . 
  they are worse off . 
  and it comes down to comparing cross contribution to creating other jobs with increased competition . 
  to comparing new tax incomes by migrants with their effect on job competition . 
  --  nobody is talking about that , which is the real tragedy imho . 
  well it is coming , there is no avoiding it . 
  we better prepare for it . 
   firms would have to invest now , but they do n't . 
  yep , and that 's truly sad . 
  in the meantime lets not flood the job market . 
  -- comparative advantage is economics 101 ( at least in the university course i took ) . 
  rest assured i 'm not a fan of erdogan 's . 
  i fail to see where your argument is going . 
  i 'd rather have a discussion based on low level concepts ( religion , language ) , rather than one which requires a subtle understanding of certains ideologies which few know well ( even by turks who in large parts identify themselves primarily with religion and language ) . 
   the ingredients are well mixed . 
  i do n't think so . 
  they have plenty of geographical communities who keep to themselves . 
  they have clearly delineated urban areas . 
  they have a whole movement which statement is : our lives matter , saying they perceive their own lives to be at risk . 
  -- and them there are people who want us to have the same thing in the eu . 
  it is already difficult to build the union ffs , stop the immigration from outisde . 
   strange because the uk is close to full employment and yet they decided they do n't want any more migrants . 
  maybe they do n't like being in competition with imported , low education , low salary immigration . 
  understand that brexit is the fruit of a democratic process . 
  and the longer you stay in your ivory tower opinion that it 's `` good for the economy '' , the longer the right will make gains . 
  a bigger gdp number does not mean each individual is better off . 
  here [ is a comment of my own ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5dx9tx/notorious_rightwing_american_website_to_expand_to/da82asb/ ) if you want to know more about what i mean . 
  --  who want their coal factory job back . 
  no no no , i 'm not talking about past automation . 
  i 'm talking about the incurring one , and the future one . 
  here is a projection : http://reports.weforum.org/future-of-jobs-2016/employment-trends/#img-3 and an example : https://techcrunch.com/2016/04/25/the-driverless-truck-is-coming-and-its-going-to-automate-millions-of-jobs/, 
   first of all , the level of automation you 're speaking of is still quite far away , and businesses ca n't afford to sit and pay high wages i disagree . 
  it is already here . 
  here are some projections from now to 2020 : [ 1 ] . 
  feel free to discuss any hole you see in this comprehensive study . 
  and a million-large niche example : truck transportation [ 2 ] . 
  -- by your argument in the second paragraph , it would be ok to accept everyone in one country , to have everything produced locally . 
  which is nuts culturally , but i 'll keep to the economic argument . 
  trying to do everything locally in isolation is not sound . 
  north korea is trying it out of necessity and it does not look good . 
  this is really economics 101 [ 3 ] . 
  this is where country specialization comes in . 
  the reality is that industries are on a wide spectrum of margins . 
  you do n't want to have manual textile processing locally . 
  very low wages . 
  all you 'll have is poor workers staying poor . 
  as an example , in france we have traded our textile industry for the fashion industry . 
  these are very different . 
  one is very high margin , the other is basically cost-focused slavery . 
  the fashion workers are very well paid , the textile workers have repetitive strain injuries . 
  yes , this is really unfair to the china worker , and we should push for better worker protection in china .
