  ( please zoom in to paris ) http://sig.ville.gouv.fr/cartographie/9302010 blue patches are areas where police is obligated to bring reinforcement in order to patrol . 
  tourists never go there ( and should n't ) . 
  these are areas of high unemployment , low education , and a high level of population of immigrant origin . 
  and yet have received substantially higher government aid than other areas . 
  those areas are lost to france . 
  oh , i never said he was . 
  we probably have the same opinion of him . 
   your level of lunacy how about you stop the ad hominem arguments . 
  ----------- what you do n't get about afd is that it is a political party . 
  yes it is right wing , but it is not there to implement killings . 
  it is there to implement right wing policies . 
  policies that might be a little tough and costly at the borders , but those would yield a greater long term financial stability and social harmony . 
  have you ever been in paris ? 
  do you like everything you see ? 
  do you think it is socially harmonious ? 
   afd is currently proposing any realistic and vital solutions . 
  should they propose realistic and vital , but radical solutions , would you support them ? 
   short of a lobotomy how about the lobotomy of your fellow citizens ? 
  with bullets . 
  by products of uncontrolled immigration . 
  i was of the same opinion as you with regards to the front national . 
  then the massacres started . 
  yes , france fucked up with regards to immigration . 
  and it is currently paying the price . 
  it is a huge shame , and politicians and parties should be investigated and tried for this . 
  for allowing the nation to get denatured . 
  for serving people that are not their citizens . 
  -------  you make as a free sovereign citizen who shockingly has rights now you 're on ad hominem , and you 're implying i should n't have rights because of my political opinions . 
  please keep the conversation on a higher level . 
  ------- what is so wrong with not doing the same mistakes we made ? 
  and sending a message through voting ? 
  afd is far from getting elected . 
  but since afd has been getting higher number merkel has * taken the hint * : http://www.wsj.com/articles/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-works-to-slow-migration-from-africa-1475768568 why not vote afd now , and stop voting for them when they get to 35-40 % ? 
  in the curbing of immigration that you and i cherish , voting afd actually improved the situation . 
  why are so so bent on not voting for them , is it because of some social pressure ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  ah i see now why people do n't believe in europe . 
  people like you would rather have eu broken up than ask themselves the tough questions and control their politicians . 
  you know what ? 
  you just made me change my political position . 
  before discussing with you i would vote le pen , and the remain to the referendum they promise should they get elected . 
  i will vote le pen + leave . 
   germany does not have a say over who gets access to france oh but they do , once they grant citizenship . 
  and france has absolutely *** zero *** say in who germany deems worthy . 
  you stated your agreeement with two principles , but you did not recognize the consequences of them together . 
  so , do you agree that 1 ) freedom of movement and 2 ) the sovereignty of nations lead to germany eventually choosing if its immigrants can go to france ? 
  let me rephrase my question : are you aware that freedom of movement and the sovereignty of nations lead to germany eventually choosing if its immigrants can go to france ? 
  that 's a simple question , and only 2 or 3 characters to type . 
  so , it that a yes ? 
  i am honestly interested in your answer to my question :  you do agree that your control over who comes in our territory is a problem , right ? 
  troublemaker or not , it is your wish that germany can have a say over who gets access to france ? 
  we had the same aversion for the front national about 15 years ago . 
  now they 're getting 40 % scores . 
  all it takes is repeated event of your loved ones getting ak-terminated . 
  you will , yourself , vote afd in a few decades . 
  watch it happen . 
  that was rhetorical . 
  france should not have a say . 
  but with free movement of citizens it fucking affects us . 
  feel free to replace yourselves by third-world medieval refugees . 
  get yourselves all the charity-ego-boosting you want . 
  but do not drag us into this . 
  you do agree that * your * control over who comes in * our * territory is a problem , right ? 
   if they get german citizenship so basically , you 're saying germany has all the decision power over their settling in say , france , right ? 
  or will you let france define who has the right to be german ? 
   so does france damn fucking right -------------- in the meantime , go vote afd but do not vote leave if they ever ask for a referendum . 
  i 'll do the same in my country . 
  damn i wish there was a right federalist party . 
   can stay in germany in the eu you mean , free movement of population . 
   germany probably also has to step up the deportation game damn fucking right, 
   that 's not up to non-germans like you . 
  i 'd love that eu would be federalist , so your leaders ca n't take decisions that affect us all . 
  i 'd rather discuss the future than pontificate on the past fuck ups . 
  now tell me , what is germany going to do with these refugees now ? 
  because the rest of the eu do n't want them . 
  what a fucking shame . 
  did n't merkel said that her failure was not to take in the refugees , but it was more of a communication failure ? 
  so much mental gymnastics from newspapers , but hey now they acknowledge refugees are a problem . 
  merkel or not , i do n't really care . 
  i do care however that it never happens again . 
  if an * innocent * politician has to pay the price of her career , then so be it . 
  an example should be made . 
  then again , not acting is acting too . 
  also , i still believe merkel played a large part in this debacle . 
  she has to go . 
  here is a map for you to get a better idea , go zoom on paris . 
  this study has been made with your money . 
  he 's talking about our homegrown degenerates . 
  well , homegrown is not the term , as they are homegrown but from foreign matter . 
  i wish we could rewind the past , and not get invaded by algeria , morocco , tunisia , and senegal . 
  based poland . 
  on another note , let 's not accept belarus into the eu , ever . 
  it prefer the uk to turkey , and by a few orders of magnitude . 
   i doubt it ever will after all the brexit is brexit talks ? 
  indeed . 
  same for france . 
  maybe the old guard got flushed with the independence ? 
  brexit implementation is not here at all for the moment . 
  time will tell . 
   la france s ` enorgueillit que l'islam soit la deuxi\u00e8me religion du pays  translation : france is proud that islam is the second religion of the country .
