  why an ego so big you ca n't contain it from sticking it to your partners ? 
  why not take polish people ? 
  why dilute the eu identity ? 
  why admonishing cruel treatment to greece ? 
   vomiting  i really do n't care, 
  yay more salary dumping !, 
   protip : the hard limit was not 50 % you might be right , i forget they are overwhelmingly male . 
   the most vulnerable of our society against each other oh no , no no no . 
  it is not them between each other . 
  it is between you and them . 
  in your blind ego-driven liberalism support , you are the one imposing a salary dumping on them . 
  by not listening , you are creating a trump right now in this very second . 
  -- why the fuck do you think hard right parties are making bank all over europe right now ? 
  what is the eu without france ? 
  here , i 'll offer a trade : should marine get elected i will vote for remain , but only if you stop advocating the migrants ' cause . 
  btw , refugees stop being refugees and become economic migrants the second they got past the first safe country . 
  i 'm giving you my vote . 
  tell me your choice . 
  i find your lack of ambition disturbing . 
  have fun paying for the other 87 % ( protip : this number has a hard limit at 50 % ) on the back of other european countries with your fiscal policy . 
  maybe we could label the greeks refugees so you can offer them equal treatment ? 
  rest assured this 13 % also has a cost to your most fragile elements . 
  in an economy with unemployment above 0 % this amounts to salary dumping . 
  this is why afd grows . 
   [ ... ] jose barroso , the former commission president who is now an adviser to goldman sachs group inc. , said in an interview in riyadh , saudi arabia saudi arabia now , mmh ? 
  he 's such a cosmopolitan leader . 
  / s why am i not surprised ? 
  barroso , there should be laws for your kind . 
   when a population grows , so do its consumption of goods and services of course the economic activity will grow . 
  you just transferred an economic element from set a to set b. 
  but for the initial elements of set b , they are now in competition with the new guy , and are doing worse . 
  but on the tally it looks good because the economic activity got stirred . 
  you 're saying : mean_activity ( b ) < mean_activity ( b + immigrant ) and you are right . 
  what you do n't get is that : mean_activity ( b with b + immigrant ) < mean_activity ( b with b ) < mean_activity ( b + immigrant with b + immigrant ) if you look closely , the initial elements of b have gotten their activity lowered by the arrival . 
  you 're saying this is not a zero sum game . 
  but this is not pure wealth created out of thin air either . 
  there are two components to this . 
  and in the meantime , you also modifying the identity and values of group b. 
  and * you * are perpetuating a myth . 
  -- in the next years , huge parts are going to be automated . 
  importing further population that will have to be fed is completely nuts . 
  --  who 's left their jobs to immigrants ? 
  this is a terrible myth . 
  and this is not a myth . 
  this is a terrible fuck you to my face at this very moment . 
  i work in a dev shop where the management has outsourced some of the tasks , and is actively recruiting foreigners . 
  the business is very cost-focused , and they do the paperwork to bring in more people from the other side of the mediterranean . 
  in this paperwork they specify that they were n't able to find someone with the required qualifications locally . 
  i know my coworkers , i manage some of them . 
  someone sourced locally could perfectly do what they do . 
  but not at their salary . 
  now , i like my coworkers . 
  there is nothing wrong with them on a personal level . 
  but my salary is being dumped both inside my firm and in the industry at large . 
  i am clearly in competition with them in the team-wise yearly salary raise budget . 
  i do the technical part of interviews . 
  i only get to veto on the technical aspect . 
  but i see the salary numbers , and clearly there has been 2 instances over the last year where someone local was discriminated against ; because he was asking for more than an immigrant , and that it did not fit the budget . 
  -- now , what are you going to do with this ? 
  treat it as nonsense in your mind ? 
  are you going to question the honesty of my daily experience ? 
  are you going to call me a racist ? 
  well , go right ahead . 
  do your hand waving . 
  do just like the politicians do , do tell me what i should think . 
  instead of listening to me . 
  and do sprinkle back handed implicit insults on top of it . 
  oh , it is definitely not all the same . 
  i was commenting on his demonizing , which totally kills the political conversation . 
  a lot of people have been shut up for decades now . 
  people who have lost their jobs to outsourcing centers , to immigrants . 
  they 're jobless , they 're angry , and they are being shamed into silence . 
  a really unfair situation to be in . 
  your patronizing comment does n't help , either . 
   as i said what are you referring to ? 
  --------  i probably wo n't vote blank vote , or no vote ? 
   filthy i have a problem with this hateful word . 
  you do realize the demonization played a huge part in trump getting elected , right ? 
  anyway it does n't matter , the next election you will probably have to chose between filthy and filthier . 
  get prepared , as you sure wo n't see the left on the second round . 
  do n't get your hopes up . 
  president is a mostly honorific position in germany . 
  we 're not talking about chancellor here . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/europe#/media/file:europe_orthographic_caucasus_urals_boundary_ ( with_borders ) . svg, 
   who asked not to be identified because the matter is private this post has very little value , and lots of speculation . 
  it is expected : when saying where companies will move influences where they will actually move . 
  so far , these kind of news has only come from the same source : bloomberg.com . 
  only public company declarations matter . 
  and even then , they 'll have to actually move to said city . 
  i 'm pretty sure the backstage negotiations are in full at this precise moment . 
  the company will land where they get the better deal . 
  integration would be orders of magnitude easier if the eu was not displaying gaping holes of democratic deficit . 
  i support quotas . 
  a quota of 0 in every eu country on every subject with relations to asylum/entry/naturalization is perfectly fine . 
   old fat cats join up instead what do you mean , what are these fat cats ? 
  you do n't have more than a short list of buzzwords as your entire opinion on the matter , do you ? 
  blockchains are one of the blandest technology . 
  people sign content with their private key . 
  content and signature are published for all to see . 
  a list of limited capacity of these things is put together and hashed .
