  it was a `` fuck you '' , not an `` it 's ok '' . 
  where is the fuck you ? 
  where is the 4 million people on the streets that we had for the charlie attack ? 
  [ it feels like germans do not like their own country . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_rcc7xgd2dm ), 
  on a related subject , when trying to be morally superior ( on legitimate grounds ) you should bear the cost of it . 
  merkel 's relentless push for relocation quotas came out to other europeans as hugely unfair , hypocritical and arrogant . 
  germany 's choices , germany 's effort . 
  we said we could n't do it , do n't fuck us over . 
  we do n't have your low unemployment , nor your will to erase your own culture . 
  in france , our leaders will actually get replaced with tougher ones . 
  why you guys are disconnecting merkel 's policy to the reality of the truck attack is beyond me . 
  prepare for more deaths , if we 're following the french standard . 
  it is not that much of a news now , sadly . 
  as our interior minister valls said : `` there will be more '' , as if saying `` get used to it '' , or `` anyway , i ca n't be bothered about doing anything about it ; what 's for lunch today ? 
   that is right . 
  there is another group that bears responsibility and it contains the elites and the media . 
  they saw any opponents or doubters as backward imbeciles , old-fashioned nationalists and sovereigntists . 
  the disdain for the people shown by the elites contributed to the distance we now see . 
  instead , they should have understood that the people 's hopes and concerns needed a response . 
   for the europhile elites , accepting that the people want to keep a certain identity , sovereignty and security is unthinkable . 
  i think they have been extremely condescending . 
  this is why we saw the rise of protest voting and now see real electoral rebellions . 
  and this guy is from the left . 
  i guess sometimes , when under tremendous existential pressure ( his party leader has abysmal ratings ) , some of them try to take a tiny step in the right direction . 
  rest assured , this is only talking . 
  but hey , it feels like christmas to me . 
  [ a takeaway at 8:07 ] ( https://youtu.be/n-kcox7at4a?t=8m7s ) : entertaining turkey 's accession is fucking up europe . 
  it is a tragedy we lost our uk partners . 
  his name is \u0141ukasz urban . 
   unlike p2p , facebook filters the content . 
  filter too much , and facebook will get disrupted . 
  --  a news website that solely runs based on freelance workers is also a many to many system . 
  i beg to differ . 
  this news source has still single points of failure ; and censorship . 
  --  just like facebook creates rules to determine the visibility of content . 
  except it does n't . 
  there are report buttons , but it is users who actually press the buttons . 
  you can try to make them do your thing ; but they 're not dumb and know perfectly which action will be triggered downstream . 
  and they act accordingly . 
  --  calling out facebook for what it is does make sense . 
  facebook does no thing . 
  it let people click and share articles . 
  it is people who are interested in that content . 
  --  among other things , it would instantly this `` it '' is highly hypothetical . 
  censorship to biais against specific tame subjects is notoriously hard to implement . 
  porn is easy to censor . 
  the nuances of a political opinion are not . 
  or you have to have an army of humans to do it ; and go back to the stasi days . 
   but unfortunately , thats what they are . 
  this is way over-simplifying . 
  no , facebook is not a media outlet . 
  facebook is many-to-many , media outlets are one-to-many . 
  for 2 decades now , the authorities have tried to bottle up file-sharing , and it has utterly failed . 
  i can tell you about 100 new heads this hydra has developed . 
  it is just not happening . 
  the first law of many-to-many communication is : information wants to be free . 
  it is a living thing . 
  it will find a way . 
  and it can evolve hugely strong resistances to censorship . 
  censor youtube and you get liveleaks popping up . 
  -- germany needs to rethink its approach . 
  good ol' censorship just does not work . 
  anyway in our hugely connected world , the old demons of unchecked authority are powerless . 
  censorship was protecting you from these demons ; but now they are no longer . 
  these demons operated because they controlled the narrative . 
  now , the narrative is distributed and uncontrollable . 
  you guys can face reality safely now . 
  your resigned acceptance is the true victory , seems to me . 
  his act probably saved 70 people , if we 're comparing to the nice standard . 
  a hero . 
   the biggest mistake is n't that migrants/refugees are accepted  coupled with the fact that the `` wave '' was mainly from high-risk regions , terrorism-wise you 're not coherent . 
  it feels like you changed opinions in the middle of your sentences . 
  `` from high-risk regions , terrorism-wise '' does make it the biggest mistake . 
   expected growth in the number of economically underperforming muslim youth i feel like the previous generation fucked us over so much . 
  wrong , i 'm quite open to changing my mind ; as i 'm very close to being a single-issue voter . 
  bring very strong guarantees over immigration at the national and european and i 'm all yours . 
  the rest is all comfort to me . 
  i do n't care about the name or party of the candidate . 
  polls say she wo n't get the presidency . 
  rest assured i will cast my votes to send a message . 
   acceptance of the need for mass immigration from elites this i will never understand . 
  some form of putting their citizens in difficulties to rule them more easily ? 
   turkey is officially a secular state . 
  good one , man . 
  -- bosnia and herzegovina are not 80 million people ; and - to my knowledge - they never tried to introduce pro pedophilic rape laws , among other very palatable things . 
  one can vote far right and still be a euro federalist . 
  in france : vote le pen , and if she is elected vote remain to her referendum . 
   turks ca n't freely move or work in the eu on paper . 
  visit any restaurant kitchen and you 'll see how it works . 
  and it works on a massive scale . 
  staying x years on territory illegally , and then getting a permanent visa is a very common thing . 
  and authorities do not give a crap . 
  --  indeed it does n't exist well it fucking should . 
   you 're against the eu , that makes you a eurosceptic . 
  * approches the mic * . 
  wrong . 
  i only do n't like to eat shit . 
  maybe you like the eu in its current form , but i do n't . 
  --  the negotiations are as good as dead by this point .
