  if you look at the video , you can clearly spot the crocodile tears . 
  still shameful for him to go to goldman sachs . 
  i do hope they kept his lobbyist status . 
  more people should see this . 
  we ca n't have another country leave the eu . 
   have you ever met one ? 
  yup , daily at work last year . 
  he was saying he feels integrated , but from the interactions he describes it is pretty clear he is not . 
  he is politically at home - his words - , will soon become a fully fledged citizen with voting rights ; and says than france is perfectly able to bring in 1 % ( that 's 600k ) new immigrants from outside europe * each year * . 
  now , each and everyone of us are entitled a different opinion with regards to politics , but you must admit his view is pretty extremist ; and that his view has little regard for who and what make up france at the moment . 
  he got fired last year , after being seated next to the boss at a gathering . 
  a colleague of mine got low-key asked about his general character the next day . 
  the explanation for his firing was a vague `` lots of little generally expected things not being there , with potential effects on clients '' . 
  talk about integration . 
  ------------- now i would like to comment on your other point :  if you saw an integrated one , you would flat out not realize it . 
  it is not because integration can be done under the noise level that we should do it . 
  if anything , immigrating should be done above the noise level by taking only the very best of foreigners . 
  but they might still not look very integrated from the locals ' point of view . 
   55 years  still do n't feel well integrated might as well call it never . 
  that should be stickied at every weekly minister meeting all over europe ; so that they are reminded not to take really fucking awful measure that ca n't be undone . 
  looking at you again , germany . 
  this is why we should have more of representatives being elected . 
  voters could cast into oblivion a crappy president of the european commission . 
  i want to get off germany 's wild ride . 
  especially when they invite economic migrants * on my behalf . 
  * refugees stop being refugees and become economic migrants if they got past the first safe country . 
  i hope this is enough for the eu to reject turkey 's accession once and for all . 
  turkey has no place in europe . 
  and it is becoming urging that the eu gives them a loud and clear ` no , and never ' . 
  usually people of a country are responsible for the political and governmental structure in their own country . 
  i 'd say it goes way deeper than religion . 
  europe is a continent where if you do n't develop enough , you 're going to die of hunger or cold in the winter . 
  and this has hugely profound effects in the darwinian sense , hugely profound effects on the culture . 
  this forces to develop intricate behaviors . 
  europeans have endured this for millennias , on top of countless wars ; and they emerged victorious . 
  the european culture , people , state of mind , way of life is the result of a millennias-long continuous human sacrifice ; and it arguably yielded the pinnacle of humanity , the taming of nature . 
  now that we have it good , what baffles me is that some people want to squander this sacrifice ; to offer it for free to anyone . 
  people from outside europe are free to reproduce our accomplishments locally ; but they and their culture , religion have absolutely no place in europe . 
  islam is creating such systems in the first place . 
  you 're saying some people just like having the cake and eating it too . 
  and yet they are facing huge waves of economic migrants . 
  it sickens me these 230000 children can not be taken care of while the door is open for people who will draw hugely on the welfare system . 
  asylum seeker = / = economic migrant refugees become economic migrants if they do not stop at the closest safe country . 
  nothing to see here , you can move along . 
   refugees do not have permanent right to remain well , they 're refugees , not migrants . 
  are people protesting because they ca n't do the semantic-shift-loopholing ? 
  germany has the most refugees . 
  is the state of the opinion the same in germany ? 
  are refugees considered temporary ? 
  why is germany so intent on pleasing turkey 's extremist behaviors ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  operation under the rug completed . 
  escorts with their corgis, 
  maybe this is to find a place for turkey in the world elsewhere than in europe ? 
  turkey , not in europe , not in asia , not arabic ? 
   the territory of turkey so turkey is a member of nato , but its territory is not protected ? 
  i do n't get what 's in it for turkey . 
  * thousand fold, 
  yes , and that is extremely sad . 
  while i 'm saddenned at risks for your economy . 
  you guys made the right call . 
  in europe we will have to deal with merkel migrant-happy policies and ca n't do shit about it if we 're another country . 
  i feel this way about europe . 
  intra european immigration is fine if it stays in lowish numbers . 
  extra european immigration should be capped at 15k per year and focused on people with at least a phd and a public recognition of their advancement to mankind . 
  now that the economy is mostly services , quality driven , we do n't need other foreigners . 
  happy to sacrifice economic activity for preserving our way of life on top of that . 
  while it does not belong to anyone but the germans to decide for her to go , something has to be done about her on the european level . 
  you ca n't just call for a million refugees , be the charitable person , rake in the generosity clout and then have the neighbours deal with said refugees . 
  [ `` my policy on cake is pro having it and pro eating it . 
  this is why we need a common eu defense policy . 
  turkey has no place in europe . 
  whether or not they recognize the armenian genocide . 
  is this just a british media thing ? 
  this makes think that there are underlying things at play . 
  except the part where another tech demonstrator will be needed . 
  e pluribum unum oh shit wrong one . 
  in varietate concordia, 
  it begs some question : now that uk is going out of the eu , will we keep the official language of our institutions being english ? 
  yes , it the the current european and worldwide lingua franca . 
  will there be some moves towards other languages ? 
  i 'm very tired at the moment . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  why not have neither of them ? 
  how in hell is having brexit , trump and le pen exist an undermining of democracy ? 
  if anything , such unusual candidates getting popular are a staple of democracy ; especially if you disagree with them . 
  what good is a system that can only accept watered down input ? 
  do you feel a pan-european anti-outside-eu-immigration party would find its audience among them ? 
  with none of that retching far right things like the women 's place is in the kitchen . 
  just eu , and tough external borders . 
  ok . how about we stop talking about opinions , and you read back what i said thinking about facts . 
  and then you compare that to the fact swedes do not think of syrians that go further as economic migrants . 
  we 're still talking about how swedes are thinking morally of the situation , right ? 
  morally , emphatically , they 're refugees . 
  they flee their wrecked homes . 
  pragmatically , if they leave turkey what they are doing it they 're seeking a better economical place . 
  two viewpoints , both rights , and morally superior swedes choose the moral one . 
  not both , not one , the other . 
  they never , and wo n't ever have to deal with them en masse . 
  they 'd feel like it would be the good thing to do , but they never got the occurrence of experiencing it .
