  thanks for the comment , it 's true that it 's kind of nuanced , but as i understand it , it does still happen in some public schools unfortunately . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/anti-evolution_legislation ), 
  thanks , that 's really interesting !, 
  the fact that you still have people wearing folk clothes is really interesting , that 's not a thing in the us ( well i guess there are amish , but that 's pretty small ) . 
  i never new about the split between old believers and modern russian orthodox , so that 's really interesting too !, 
  and i never knew about the tying of onions , i 'd be really confused if i just saw that out of nowhere, 
  thanks for the map , it helped , 
  appreciate the answer , hopefully your country and moldova are able to get along agian sometime in the future , 
  thanks for sharing , the conflict in northern ireland especially is pretty tragic , i hope that you guys are able to all get along in freindship eventually , 
  really appreciate the comment . 
  paris kind of reminds me of new york , in the superiority complex . 
  i think it 's great that you are starting to have some more regional pride  in the us everyone just drinks bud light pretty much , i guess we have some variation in drinks but not nearly as much as france, 
  northern sweden reminds me a lot of alaska , their official nickname is the last fronteir , they are the largest state in size but second smallest in population ( 741,000 ) , there is n't really a complete road road network , and the vast majority of it is basically untouched . 
  i 've been to sweden before , but i was only in stockholm . 
  if i ever get to go back , i 'll make sure to visit the other parts as well , 
  i 've been to copenhagen before ( unfortunately only for about a day or so , i wish i could have stayed longer ) . 
  it really is a great city , i was amazed at the amount of brick buildings there . 
  i also got to visit tivoli gardens , which was really fun , and it 's basically completely different than any us amusement park i 've been too - compared to the us , it was a lot smaller , but a lot nicer , and the rides were better imo . 
  i remember everyone there spoke basically fluent english , i guess the english media tv probably helps with that . 
  thanks so much for your comment , 
  tbh i was thinking that i would n't be able to tell the difference between the accents , but wow , it 's actually really noticable !, 
  i hope this is n't offensive , but the western accent kind of sounds like someone from copenhagen having a stroke but it 's also the coolest sounding one in my opinion in the us we have may day poles , but they ar n't supposed to be giant penises ( that i know of ! ) . 
  it also is n't nearly as common as it sounds like it is in jutland . 
  boat racing is a big deal where i live , we have the america 's cup , which goes back to 1851 . 
  however , all of the boats nowadays are very high tech , and do n't look anything like the barges you use . 
  i have a question - are the boats you use designed in the style of 100 + year old barges , or are you actually using bargest built 100 + years ago ? 
  fierljeppen kind of reminds me of pole vault , which is more common in the us . 
  i 've never heard of kaatsen before , but i looked up some videos , and wow , im amazed at how small the ball is !, 
  and of course , those foods do look absolutely delicious , 
  really appreciate the list !, 
  vlaai looks absolutely delicious !, 
  koek looks great too . 
  that sounds amazing you guys own your own boats . 
  in the us it 's really expensive , so it 's more common to rent . 
  i do have some friends who own kayaks if that counts also in the us mardi gras is pretty regional too , it 's famously very big in new orleans but not so much elsewhere . 
  and it 's really interesting that you have different last names in different parts of the country - in the us it basically all comes down to ethnicity , rather than location . 
  for the north 's lost industry , i 'm curious what carton means ? 
  is it like a milk carton ? 
  haha , i 'm not suprised that alot of these are about food , you guys are ( rightfully ) very proud of your cuisine  the cafe culture is kind of interesting , i do n't know much about it because most of my experiences with coffee in the us are just from going to starbucks . 
  i never heard of petanque before , but it sounds kind of like bocce ball , which is kinda common throughout the us . 
  parisian vs the rest of the country kind of reminds me of the attitude towards new york . 
  new yorkers have a reputationg to be kind of arrogant because they are the cultural capital of the us ( all the tv channels are headqquarters there , all the newspapers are headquarterd there , all the finance happens there , and every event is scheduled in their time zone ) and so they kind of view themselves as more important than everyone else . 
  and so in turn there is kind of a resentment towards new york . 
  also i 'm suprised at how many cows you have in france , in america they basically all look the same , just with different patterns in their fur i guess, 
  that 's really interesting to have the religious divide based on location , it 's not really something you see in the usa . 
  in america it basically comes down to ethnicity , not location . 
  but there are definately some exceptions come to think of it , such as the south having the southern bapitst convention , and the mormon church basically running the state of utah . 
  but having a region being mainly athiest suprises me , i do n't think you would see that in the us ( even though there are a huge amount of non religious people in america ) . 
  it also is interesting that the east is so athiest , because is n't that where merkel is from ? 
  and she is in the christian democratic union :p you guys are very famous for your beer in america , but i never knew you did wine too !, 
  im underage in america so i do n't drink too much , but i do like hard cider , so i imagine i would really enjoy that apple wine !, 
  and i 've heard of krampus before because he was in the office , but wow , it seems kind of strange to see santa clause surrounded by two henchmen strange in a good way , of course !, 
  wow , i did n't know that you had multible languages in the netherlands !, 
  unfortunately , in america most people ( including myself ) often mix up holland with all of the netherlands , and i have never really heard of friesland before . 
  but your comment inspired me to do some research and it sounds interesting !, 
  i also learned about pier gerlofs donia , he sounds badass haha, 
  appreciate the explanation , 
  haha , i did a little more research , it seems like jai alai is more popular on the east coast of the us , than it is on the west coast ( where i live ) , so i guess that 's another regional difference for the us :p and i just saw the photos you put in your original post , holy crap they are stunning !, 
  that stone building literally took my breathe away , especially with how the stones blend in with the mountain in the background . 
  it kind of reminds me of an architectual style we have in us national parks , called [ national park service rustic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_park_service_rustic ) . 
  valencia looks absolutely beutiful too !, 
  and you are so lucky that you get flamingos in your country , in america the only flamingos you are gon na see [ are plastic ones on someone 's lawn ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plastic_flamingo ) . 
  the white villages are pretty too , they remind me of santorini . 
  i already knew that you guys have some amazing roman history , but it still blows my mind every time i see pictures like that . 
  the tower of hercules always blows my mind too . 
  thank you so much for sharing your country with me , 
  haha , now i really want to visit spain , it really must be amazing to live there !, 
  and el classico is a big deal in the us ( at least where i live ) . 
  i 've never heard of jai alai before , but it sounds alot like squash , which is more common in the us, 
  appreciate it , 
  [ here 's the wiki for transylvania county , ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/transylvania_county,_north_carolina ) and thanks for explaining moldova for me  is there any widespread support for reuniting the two countries , or are people mostly fine with how things are right now ? 
  wow , this is really great !, 
  some of my thoughts : * do you guys pronounce v and b the same , like in spanish ? 
  * also , the s and z pronounced as j kind of remind me of how in latin america and usa they use s and z , but in spain they use th . 
  / r/askeurope might be the wrong place to ask this , but does brazil pronounce s and z ? 
  that would be an interesting parallel !, 
  * i have never heard of francesinha before but ... omg it looks so good !, 
  seriously , if you could get this stuff to the us , you would get rich * with the plural you i see another instance of paralel with spanish and vosotros . . in the us they went over vosotros for like a week and then just told us to use ustedes . 
  kind of interesting to see that being mirrored . 
  interestingly enough , in american enlgish , i feel like the plural you has become more common . 
  y' all used to be pretty limited to the south , but it 's started to spread across the country recently . 
  * and for the sapatilhas and t\u00e9nis , it kinda reminds me of spanish class again . 
  we were actually taught to say zapatos de ten\u00eds , which felt unnecessarily long * are malassadas like donuts ? 
  transylvania is really famous in the us , mainly because of dracula and vlad the impaler . 
  there is also a transylvania county in north carolina  moldova is a different country , is it considered culturally part of romania ? 
  that 's crazy dude , thanks for sharing though . 
  my parents had a nuclear drill test too , but it was kind of a joke , cause i do n't think there was really a good chance they would get targeted . 
  thanks , honestly it 's not too bad , relatively speaking , i only had one actual code red drill , and the guy ended up shooting himself before he got to any school ( killed some other people though , unfortunately ), 
  civil guard sound interesting , we had something kind of similar at our high school where the military would come during lunch and have push up contests and stuff , and they would have a clipboard so all the boys can enlist once they turn 18 . and in elementary school we got to go on a field trip to the fire station , and we got to see them slide down their pole, 
  i appreciate it , although in all honesty i do n't think it would be that hard to stop the problem , it 's just that we americans can be really stubborn to change , so we basically are kind of stuck in the past in regard to guns ( our modern gun laws are based off an english law from 1689 , with basically no changes ), 
  oh yea that sounds like the code red drill we have did you have some of the teachers pretend to be terrorists , and they would go around the school ? 
  during code red they would do that , and i actually got `` shot '' one time :(, 
  haha that 's probably a good point , i 'd also prefer to not be monitored ( more than usual ), 
  we had it at our school for accesubility reasons , but it 's slower than taking the stairs , so most people used it only to hook up ( or smoke , if they are a dumb freshman who doesnt know that theres a smoke detector ) edit : and yea this is high scool, 
  people would vape in the elevator , which set off the alarm, 
  haha , i 've never heard of a chemical spill alarm but my elementary school did do a gas leak drill one time , which is probably similar, 
  damn , sad that that 's become necceseary for you guys :( do you know what the terrorist attack drill is like ? 
  what was the school bunker drill for ? 
  nuclear bomb ? 
  once i got into high school we basically stopped doing fire drills , because we had so many real ones is the austrian fire drill similar to the us one ?
