  you take the ruler , and without even looking at the number on it , you start at the bottom of the floor . 
  that 's one . 
  then , you move the bottom of the ruler up to where the top of it was before . 
  that 's two . 
  you do that over and over , until the ruler is now taller than the height you are measuring . 
  that height will be between two of the marked inches , and you just go to the lower one of those two , so if it was between 9 and 10 , the height in inches would be 9 . 
  since the inches are marked on the ruler , and you never use more than 11 inches ( and there are 12 on the ruler ) , you never have to count inches ever . 
  i do n't carry a ruler in my backpack , but i would say that alot of people do carry one in america . 
  a folder is usually a foot long so i use that instead whenever i need to measure . 
  i will admit that metric is much much much much better at converting , but that simply is n't an issue for americans . 
  we do n't know how many feet are in a mile , either . 
  in terms of driving , i do n't really thing either system has an advantage . 
  in terms of walking however , it is more useful to have a relation to steps rather than relation of meters . 
  it is fairly accurate , as you can see : http://www.nscsd.org/webpages/rbrown/file_viewer.cfm?secfile=919 i will fully admit that this is most likely just because i am used to the imperal system . 
  i think it is equal , maybe better than metric , but certainly better for me . 
  it 's your opinion if that 's stupid , but those are all examples of where i 've commonly used imperial and it is useful . 
  when i was picking a backpack for a backpacking trip , they told me to just walk 100 steps and then imagine doing that 20 more times , and thats how much it would be to walk a mile in them . 
  when we are using fahrenheiht it is useful , because almost every temperature between 0 and 100 is useful ( to be honest it goes a little too low ) , and it is able to tell more information without using fractions . 
  comparing a foot ruler to 30 cm ruler is kind of petty , but it is still a tiny bit easier . 
  when you guys measure 175 cm , and you have a 30 cm ruler , you have to do 30 * 5 +25 . 
  under the imperial system , you just do 1 +1 +1 +1 +1 = 5 , and then look at where there head is and see that it is between 9 and 10 inches , so that makes their height 5 ' 9 '' . 
  yes that 's a good point , i would n't recommend you guys switch to imperial at all , it 's only a tiny bit better in the end i think it is more important what you are used to, 
  where the objective evidence, 
  i 'm not mentally deficient i 'm just american :p and unless your carrying a decimeter ruler around i guess i just do n't see the point of what you are trying to say ? 
  under the imperial system the only math you have to is counting up to ( at most ) seven . 
  because we do n't count the inches as part of the feet , that makes it even simpler . 
  god bless you and god bless america o7, 
  honestly inches are mainly used in the united states for measuring penis , and i think it does that better than cm, 
  yes , but a 30 cm ruler i think you have to be a bit more careful with the measurment when you are using it because it 's a smaller unit ( cm ) , and you have to add up by 30 each time which is a bit more complicated than just adding by one each time . 
  so like , when i measure my height , i can make a mark on the wall , and then pull out my ruler , and start from the ground , and then where it stops is one foot , then i put a mark there , then i move the ruler up that mark , and the number of times i do that is my height in feet ( in my case six feet ) , and then i just do that one last time , and it does n't use the whole ruler , and then i use the number in the ruler that is closest to my first mark ( in my case one inch ) . 
  that makes my height 6 ' 1 '' . 
  for metric , it is done basically the same way , except at the end , i 'd have to multiply 30 cm six times , and then add 2 cm to be able to get to 185 cm . 
  i know a did a shitty job at explaining it , but basically it 's like a tiny bit less work to measure your height in imperial . 
  also imperial is more accurate for measuring penis, 
  i 've never seen 3/32 inch , in america alot of times we use cm and mm if we need to measure something smaller than an inch precisly . 
  ( heres an american ruler : https://img.clipartfest.com/167fe33619dbafc2e424e3fc52b027d6_hour-ruler-12-inch-ruler-clipart_1906-604.jpeg ), 
  not trolling i swear :p it seems like the only advantage metric has over imperial is that it is easier to convert . 
  in terms of actual scale , imperial is much more useful . 
  example : a 1 foot measuring stick ( ruler ) can be carried in your backpack , but a meter stick can not . 
  0 degrees fahrenheit is around the coldest an american gets in their lifetime , and around 100 is the hottest an american will remember feeling . 
  a mile is 1000 paces ( 2000 steps ) . 
  it makes sense when you think of each measurement as unrelated to each other . 
  for instance , i think most americans ( including myself ) have no idea how many feet are in a mile . 
  this is n't a problem , however , because a mile is based off of 1000 paces ( or 2000 steps ) . 
  this is very useful for when i go backpacking for instance , because then i can count my steps to estimate how far i have left until i reach my next campsite . 
  also , a foot is also much easier to measure than a meter . 
  you ca n't carry a meterstick in your backpack , but you can carry a ruler . 
  it blows you have to use imperial in college textbooks though , in my high school we use metric ( except for cooking class ), 
  i did a quick google search for the fbi job listing , if you want to see what the jobs are like and what the qualifications are https://apply.fbijobs.gov/psp/ps/employee/hrms/c/hrs_hram.hrs_ce.gbl?siteid=1&amp;folderpath=portal_root_object.hc_hrs_ce_gbl2&amp;isfolder=false&amp;ignoreparamtempl=folderpath%2cisfolder and the cia job application : https://www.cia.gov/ehl/jobsearchresultsaction.do, 
  thank you !, 
  you mentioned that secondary school is somewhat specialized in portugal , can you explain that a little bit more ? 
  http://www.politifact.com/georgia/statements/2013/aug/02/don-lemon/educational-levels-generally-make-difference-earni/ that 's how it is in the us , i do n't know about europe , but i assumed that college education was n't as neccesarry to getting a good job in europe as it is in america, 
  so if you fail the tests at age 16 , you ar n't allowed to keep going to school ? 
  if america tried doing something like that there would be another revolution in america , you go to your local elementary school which is around age 6 to age 11 or 12 , then you are transfered into your local middle school ( which will have all all of your classmates from elementary school , plus the students from other local elementary schools ) , ages 12 to 14 . 
  or , instead of going to middle school , the disctrict might have a jr. . high school , which is ages 13 to 14 . 
  after that , high school , which is 15 to 18 , but some ( very few ) will stay longer if they fail to graduate , and choose not to drop out . 
  however , in california at least , you have to be 18 before you choose to drop out of school , before then , if you miss school too much you can go to jail . 
  oh yeah i see what you mean . 
  i 'm not sure if i would consider those useless either though , but i think that 's mainly a cultural difference . 
  college sports are as big or in some cases bigger than professional sports in america , and so having sports stadium is simply part of the universities purpose ( if they are d1 ) . 
  also , professional leagues recruit directly from university , so if you want to play professionally , you have to go to college . 
  american sports are basically , make the high school team , make the highschool varsity team , get recruited by a good college team , and then get drafted into a professional team after you graduate college . 
  free gym is a bit more suprising that you would consider it useless though , even my high school has a free gym and that is considered very normal here . 
  i guess it 's also a cultural difference, 
  thank you so much , that was really interesting and exactly what i was looking for !, 
  i 'm a senior in high school so i will start going to college next year , but i think i can give a fairly good explanation of how it works here . 
  my state ( california ) does not have any test you need to take in order to graduate , but they used to , and i took it in 10th grade . 
  they repealed it so in the end it did n't matter . 
  if a student wants to go to college , they will pay to take the act or sat , which is a test given by a private company . 
  also , the company which makes the sat designs their own private courses ( but you still take them at public school , with a public teacher ) , called ap , which can help make your high school transcrip tlook better . 
  during the last year of high school , you apply to the colleges you want to go to , and then wait for them to write back . 
  the schools do n't accept you based just on your grades , they will consider things such as your race , gender , where you live , your schools reputation , etc. 
  if you are a school athlete , and are talented , you can get in on an athletic scholarship , and hopefully you will then be drafted into the professional leagues . 
  if you do n't like any of the schools you hear from , you can go to a community college , which is only $ 1000 a year , and in two years , you transfer to a four year university . 
  at a community college , you do n't live on campus , but in a four year university freshman almost always live on campus but they might share an apartment with some other students near the college after that . 
  colleges are much more expensive in the us then they are in greece , my bachelors degree that i 'm going to get at a public university will cost 20k , which is cheap compared to the average degree at a private university which will cost around 50k . 
  public schools are part of the state government too , and most of the people who go to them are citizens of their state , because students from other state will have to pay around twice as much as someone from the state . 
  most people leave college in a lot of debt , but in the long term they make much more money than someone who never goes to college . 
  going to college is pushed heavily on high schoolers , they are basically told that they can go to college , or join the military ( this probably seems creepy to someone outside the us but that involves a lot of military recruiters coming to schools to try to recruit students between classes , lots of targeted advertising on tv and internet , and a lot of recruiters messaging me on facebook to convince me to join ) . 
  omg 3.2 k is hella cheap . . the public university that i am going to is estimated to cost 24k , which is considered well priced affordable here ( private school like harvard would be 63k ) . 
  i think it probably is a bit less crazy because i think a university degree is a lot more essential in america than it is in europe , but the price difference is still pretty crazy to me, 
  thanks , that 's very interesting !, 
  i think it depends what part of america you are from . 
  the top schools in america are the ivy league schools , and they are all private . 
  here in california , all the top schools ( except for stanford ) are part of the california government , and they are much lower tuition so most people from here go to these schools instead . 
  but if you are not a citizen of california , then it is basically a private school because you will have to pay much more compared to a state citizen . 
  there are also for-profit private universities , but those generally have a bad reputation . 
  i think there is much more of a cultural difference between a for profit private and a non profit private than there is between a public uni and a non-profit private uni . 
  since colleges are like government agencies in germany , does that interfere with unique campus cultures ? 
  hmm i 'm not sure if i would call american universities useless , they can be expensive though . 
  but socially i think the only socially acceptable paths in america after high school is to either go to university or join the army . 
  so like while at high school there will be colleges and the military visiting trying to get people interested , flyers coming in the mail from the schools and army , and the army now even has recruiters adding me on facebook and messaging me on my phone ( this is obviously a newer method so if you mention it to most americans older than me they will just be confused lmao ) . 
  so i guess university is somewhat useless , but only in the sense that high school is useless as well . 
  it might not be the most helpful thing to whatever i eventually work at , but it does give me much more options than if i dropped out of high school or did n't go to college . 
  ucas sounds like the uk version of the common app . 
  common app is only for some private schools in america though . 
  do you have to use ucas to get into every university in the uk ? 
  in america i think university and college are technically different terms , but they are interchangeable in everday use , except for community colleges ( people will only call those university when they are being sarcastic ) . 
  community college in america is a two year public school after high school , and then ideally you transfer into a four year college afterwords . 
  most people go straight to college after high school though , community college is usually for people who did n't get accepted into the colleges they wanted .
