  haha , well in that case you 're probably gon na hate [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdrfe9i8_hs ), 
  [ * gina ] ( http://i1.kym-cdn.com/entries/icons/original/000/022/523/c1mgbsvweaanu9k.jpg ), 
  damn that sounds bad . 
  do you guys spend more now that you used to before ? 
  i think i read that prices went down but honestly it was hard to tell, 
  was the service better betfore it was privitized ? 
  honestly i 'd love it if other countries bought up our rail . 
  but that 's only because they lose so much money even with subsidies, 
   when the rail system was still nationalised it was very unreliable and the service was shoddy well , the us does n't have any privately owned passenger trains that i can think off , and our trains do n't exactly have the best reputation , so that kind of sounds like what i expected that being said , i doubt it would be much different if we privitized . 
  most americans do n't bother to ride the train . 
  in america , a lot of libertarians say that they are fiscally conservative ( which in america means that they are economically liberal ) , but socially liberal ( meaning that they hold progressive values ) . 
  what does social-liberal mean in denmark ? 
  yeah , that sounds exactly like an american platform !, 
  here 's the [ republican platform ] ( https://www.gop.com/platform/ ) , the [ democrat platform ] ( https://www.democrats.org/party-platform ) , and the [ libertarian platform ] ( https://www.lp.org/platform/ ) , if you want to see them for yourself . 
  and yeah , when i hear manifesto , the only two i can think of are the communist manifesto , and the unibomber manifesto . 
  interestingly enough , the american communist party does n't use manifesto either , they use [ program ] ( http://www.cpusa.org/party_info/party-program/ ) . 
  thanks for the comprehensive answer !, 
  i 've heard some people say that bernie is very similar politically to jeremy corbyn . 
  would you say that is accurate ? 
  also i interesting how you guys say `` manifesto '' to refer a parties platform . 
  in america we would never say manifesto , it has a negative connotation ( probably because of the communist manifesto ? ) . 
  we always just call it a party platform or sometimes program . 
  yeah , it 's pretty hard to translate politics in one country to another , and of course between two entirely different continents makes it that much harder . 
  that probably explains all the different answers off topic , but sweden had by far the friendliest people of any country i have ever had the pleasure of visiting , 
  whoops , do you guys get this question a lot ? 
  maybe in cuba, 
  interesting . 
  yea i could definatelt see him being center left on a left of issues simply because the us is so far behind europe in many ways . 
  although honeslty i 'm not a fan of the political compass , purely because they put gary johnson in the exact same spot as emmanuel macron, 
  personally , i appreciate what he 's trying to do but i think it goes too far . 
  like , minimum wage is good , but having to pay kids $ 15 an hour to babysit ? 
  that seems crazy imo . 
  similarly , a 35 % corporate tax is higher than most european nations . 
  similarly , most european countries allow private health insurance , so bernie is out of the mainstream on that one , i think . 
  plus , bernie 's anti free trade and anti foreign worker is basically the opposite of the eu . 
  obviously i have a lot of personal bias , which is part of the reason i came here to ask for your guys opinion , and i appreciate the great answer you 've been giving  personal , ly i supported hillary , because i think she was going to get accessible education , universal healthcare , better minimum wage , and raise wages , but i thought her plans were better thought out . 
  when i was coming up with bernie 's platform for this post , i ran into a lot of conflicting numbers and data - it did n't exactly make me very confident , lol . 
  but of course bernie would have been miles better than the idiot we have now, 
   if there was any basis in reality , the united states would be awash in tax revenue . 
  they are called the 11 million illegal immigrants that the united states is trying to deport . 
  again , i am not talking about culture , i am talking about economics . 
  the us has too much public spending and does n't get enough in taxes . 
  now , the us could either raise income taxes , which will be neccesary unless the us wants to end up like greece , or , alternatively , we could let the millions of people around the world who are willing to work in the united states and pay taxes , without getting government benefits in return , do exactly that . 
  then , we can afford to keep our public programs without raising taxes too much ( although we probably should raise taxes anyways . 
  but now we can spend our money on schools , college loans , etc ; while all of the immigrants are paying for our social security and medicare ), 
  i 'm not talking about culture , just basic economics . 
  the us needs more immigrants to survive too , tho, 
  yes and we use grams for drugs as well . 
  anytime it is important that the measurment is exact i use the metric system ( except cooking ) . 
  however , in day to day life , imperial is better mainly because i am more used to them , and honestly , i do believe that for day to day use imperial units such for length and temperature are slightly more practical for day to day use . 
  thanks , i appreciate it . 
  in america i guess the country is so big that it just is n't really an issue that affects us , so i guess that 's why american never switched . 
  someone who is 211 cm in europe would be measured 6 ' 11 '' in america, 
  yea , in america my doctor measures my height in cm and my weight in kg . 
  all of my schoolwork uses metric as well . 
  tbh i 'm not really sure what you are talking about ? 
  we buy soda by the liter if that 's what you mean , otherwise we still use 100 % imperial in everyday life, 
  16 ounces in a pint . 
  personally , i 've never had to convert ounces to pints when cooking before though, 
  i agree , metric is the international standard so imperial has no place in fields of science . 
  exactly, 
  shhhh thats supposed to be our secret, 
  no i 'm not angered at all , if the us switched to the metric system completely i would absolutely go along with it ( admittedly i would be a tiny bit nostaligic for it , but that does n't mean it was good . ), 
  i already use the metric system in school , so it 's not an issue of not understanding how it works . 
  i guess i just do n't see the advantage of switching over completely . 
  for instance , what would be the benefit of switching from miles to kilometers - seems like a lot of money for a change that nobody really wants . 
  yes but what if i do n't want to carry a tape measure around with me all day ? 
  i 'm not trying to say that metric is horrible compared to imperial , they both have their advantages and siadvantages . 
  each indidual unit in the imperial system is more intuitive ( thumb is one inch , foot is one foot , 1000 paces is one mile ) but at the downside it is very hard to convert between different lengths . 
  on the other hand , metric is much more intutitive in terms of converting between units , but the lengths themselves are less intuitive ( `` the metre is the length of the path travelled by light in vacuum during a time interval of 1/299792458 of a second . '' ), 
  what is the folding rule ? 
  i guess i do n't understand, 
  fair enough , that seems like a perfect example where metric would be much easier than feet . 
  i think the us should switch to metric for things like that . 
  we do use imperial for measuring volume . 
  the only exception i know of is that we buy soda in 2-liter bottles . 
  i do n't know how it is in europe but in my culinary class we use teaspoons , tablespoons , cups , ounces , pounds , and blocks of butter . 
  bottles come in gallon , pint , and half pint sizes . 
  no , that is actually how i was taught imperial system in school . 
  they had us go on field trips and part of what we did was measure distance by walking heel to heel and counting our steps . 
  obviously it 's not extremely accurate but it 's actually not too innacurate either . 
  when i started learning about vertical height i just imagined taking that many steps to the top . 
  sometimes i would also imagine stacking that many rulers together - so like a 100 foot building , i would imagine taping 100 rulers together and imagining it as that height . 
  once i got older , it 's just something that is in your head . 
  however , i think having a unit based off of human anatomy ( foot ) is still a little more intuitive than having it based off of `` the length of the path travelled by light in vacuum during a time interval of 1/299792458 of a second '', 
  inches are 2.5 times larger than centimeters , so if you round someone 's height in feet to the nearest inch , would n't you have more room for error than if you measured someone 's height to the closest centimeter ? 
  i think if you measured somene 's height in decimeters then this `` problem '' would dissapear , but as far as i know very few people use decimeters for height . 
  honestly i ca n't remember the last time i 've seen a yardstick - they 're not very common anymore . 
  and i guess i do n't know what to say , except that it is very common to measure something longer than a foot with a footlong ruler . 
  at least that 's how i was taught to in school . 
  if i am in the doctors office , where it is important that my height is accurate , i 'm already being measured by the metric system . 
  counting was probably the wrong word , i meant you have to add the extra height between the 30 cm together ... idk it 's kind of abstract and bad at explaing . 
  bascially , if someone was 118 cm tall and you had to measure that , would n't you have to add 30 +30 +30 +28 ? 
  whearese with feet you would only have add 1 +1 +1 ( and you do n't have to count the inches to measure them , because they are seperate ), 
  tape measure, 
  well anytime i 'm measuring anything smaller than an inch it is almost certain that it is for science class , and i would get an f if i turned in an assignment in imperial units, 
  i count my steps, 
  to be honest i 've never heard of a folding ruler before, 
  we do n't have camels in america, 
  no , in the imperial system , you just have to count the number of feet , and not the inches .
