  so for at least 30 years it was established in some countries that slavery was wrong . 
  so please tell me what evidence you have that people did not know it was wrong . 
   yes i do know that irish and italians got discriminated against . 
  but all white people still shared a common european culture . 
  european culture is similar but not the same . 
  every country has its differences . 
  even so it does not stop them from discriminating against each other . 
  even today in the uk you hear about attacks on polish immigrants . 
  so clearly this shared culture is not as harmonious as you think it is . 
   so it does n't seem odd that countries like america or brazil ( or most african countries for that matter ) which are more diverse countries , are more violent than say germany , the netherlands or finland ? 
  three very homogenous countries ? 
  there are a variety of reasons for this . 
  it can be gun laws , which the us is infamous for in comparison to the other countries you list . 
  or it could be education levels , which is a whole other set of problems . 
  you 're trying to simplify incredibly complicated issues . 
  they are not black and white . 
   we are conservative ok , how about this . 
  provide some evidence . 
  a simple google search will bring up a number of articles detailing how progressive americans are , but i will also cite evidence if you provide yours . 
   voter fraud is also extremely common amongst the left citation desperately needed . 
  voter fraud is not a problem in the us . 
  what is a problem is voter disenfranchisement , which the gop is routinely taken to court over in various states . 
   well of course in comparison to european liberals she was n't really `` liberal '' . 
  i 'm talking about in america maybe to conservatives clinton was considered a liberal . 
  to those on the left , many saw her as moderate . 
  sanders was closer to being classified as liberal than she ever was . 
   so you agree that taking in foreigners will result in them advocating specifics politics that benefits them while the natives do the same , yes ? 
  no , not really . 
  the us takes in a plethora of immigrants and we do not really have that issue . 
  by your logic caucasian americans should n't care about an issue like immigration reform . 
  taking in more people may even adversely affect them . 
  however , many caucasian americans do support immigration reform . 
  in the same way , people support free or cheaper college education , regardless of racial background . 
   yet here we are , a split people means a split nation . 
  you are not a split people . 
  by that logic the us should be a nation split into three hundred different groups of people , or even more . 
  the fact is you can find common ground and you can work towards the same goals . 
  muslims in the us overwhelmingly support the democratic party , which strongly advocates for lgbt rights and abortion rights . 
   not really no . 
  yes , really . 
  yes . 
  it was incredibly racist and discriminatory . 
   for the time that was just how things were . 
  that does n't make it any less racist . 
  it was racist back then . 
  people knew it was racist . 
  people knew it was wrong . 
  abolitionists were not a work of fiction . 
  please be more factual about the us 's history of racism . 
   also american diversity has changed . 
  america used to be diversity of europe . 
  now it 's diversity of the world . 
  it 's no longer an irishman living next to a german , it 's a chinese living next to a cuban . 
  and when countries are more diverse , they 're more violent . 
  i do n't know if you know this ... but caucasian americans also discriminated against other caucasian americans . 
  the irish and the italians and the germans , i believe , all faced some kind of discrimination from their fellow white people . 
  changing the race of the people does n't really diminish that . 
  human beings are violent creatures , regardless of who lives in their countries . 
   this country is pretty conservative . 
  no , it is not . 
   half of american voters voted for trump . 
  of the americans who voted , which was not all americans , less than half voted for trump . 
  more voted for hillary clinton . 
   also compared to the rest of the first world , we 're very conservative . 
  yes , we are . 
   also hillary is not centrist , she was very liberal . 
  you just made the comparison that the us is more conservative compared to the world , and are now arguing clinton -- whose platform was not free college education or free healthcare , is liberal . 
  in comparison to european liberals , she was n't remotely liberal . 
  she was very much a centrist , if even that . 
   in the netherlands , the majority of turks and moroccans who are citizens of the netherlands ( in name only it seems ) voted for the denk party , and supported erdogan , who called the dutch nazis . 
  they voted for their interest ... and showed they essentially do n't view the netherlands as their home . 
  the majority of people are not all people . 
  you 're pigeonholing an entire demographic and warping them to fit your world view . 
  do you know if every supporter of the denk party supported erdogan and views the dutch as nazis ? 
  of course not . 
  from what i have read about their party 's manifesto , it does not sound bad . 
   and yes , i have a problem with africans and arabs coming to this continent . 
  they have their own home yet they keep fucking it up again and again . 
  i have no desire to see hungary turn into detroit or chicago just to show how tolerant we are . 
  as i 'm sure their ancestors had a problem with you all coming to theirs . 
  are you seriously saying that the state of the middle east , of africa , were not at all affected by western powers ? 
  regime change , exploitation , arms deals , are things which western nations have continually participated in within those regions . 
  i do n't blame people for wanting to flee chaos . 
  nor do i think it right that you associate non-white people with ruin . 
  you use detroit and chicago , but what about new york ? 
  that 's an incredibly thriving , successful , multicultural city with progressive ideals . 
  it 's not black and white as you make it out to be . 
  just because you allow non-white people in does n't mean hungary wo n't be hungary anymore . 
  though from your attitude it seems like you do n't even want to give them time to adapt to your culture . 
   exactly ; identity politics is merely the end result of diversity . 
  surely this should be obvious to all except leftist who have drunk the multikultural kool aid . 
  what exactly is identity politics to you ? 
  people have different definitions for it . 
  i personally view it as a way to dismiss the legitimate gripes of displaced groups . 
   sweden was unique through being almost completely homogeneous . 
  people were loyal to the country because the country was the group . 
  the people and the nation was the same and there was a strong loyalty to the country . 
  now sweden has turned into a multicultural state . 
  now the policy is not about beautiful ideas further but to benefit their own group . 
  iraqis will vote for the iraqi interests , kurds for their , swedes for its etc.
