what ? 
   what ? 
  i meant nhs . 
  they pedaled a very famous lie about its funding which was n't remotely true . 
  it was absolutely propaganda which received airtime . 
   so the airtime it is given ` from nowhere ' ? 
  it 's like `` well we armed afa with guns but they came there on their own free will ! '', 
  but i bet it was voluntary for you  and do you know where it will air ? 
  all i 've seen so far is a youtube video of just that video . 
  it is not as bad as you are making it out to be . 
  i 'm entitled to share my opinion . 
  it is not as if i think the us has handled the refugee crisis any better . 
  but this is n't even about the refugee crisis , just the overall hostility about mena migrants in general . 
  because the us is a melting pot we refer to people who are of european descent as white , and people who are of african descent as black . 
  i assume in europe people refer to the specific background , such as british or french . 
   but you are free to shelter a couple of million immigrants from africa and the middle east . 
  honestly , the us should do more . 
  i think it is unfair we let the eu handle the situation alone . 
  western powers and their regime changes , bombings , and wars absolutely bare some responsibility for this . 
  i think it is shameful that the us is n't taking on more . 
  at the same time i think it is wrong how many in europe view these people , and are reluctant to take them in as well . 
  i mean you have right wing parties that tell lies about the eu , such as the stealing funding from nih . 
  i do n't see this as propaganda . 
  it is part of a contest , which is -- you know , voluntary . 
  they are free to support and defend their positions . 
  that is not propaganda . 
  from what i read this was a non-profit organization , and i read nothing about the organization receiving funding from the eu to make this . 
  it 's part of a contest or something . 
  do you have any more information ? 
   the ehrc said wilson 's letting criterion of `` no coloured people '' was direct discrimination on the grounds of race , breaching section 13 of the equality act 2010 . 
  your position is totally nuts to me . 
  this is point blank discrimination . 
  i did to be honest . 
  i always had a romantic notion of european countries in my head . 
  how europeans would talk about migrants after the refugee crisis shattered that really quick . 
  i 've always wanted to visit there but as someone who is clearly brown i 'm more hesitant . 
  to see how much dislike europe has for non-white people is shocking . 
   they did n't know it was wrong though . 
  other people did . 
  we know murder , and pedophilia are wrong , but murderers and pedophiles see it as normal . 
  that 's not true either . 
  a lot of pedophiles recognize their attraction is wrong , do not act on it , and seek help through therapy . 
  furthermore ignorance is not an excuse !, 
  i did n't know murdering someone was wrong , so i should n't be held accountable for killing them . 
  i did n't know owning , raping , and selling human beings is wrong , so i ca n't be considered racist , a rapist , or a slave owner ? 
  you have to to be kidding me . 
   i agree that european culture can be very distinct . 
  but if europeans were so wildly different , things like the eu or america in general never would have succeeded . 
  i mean , europe before nato and after it are an interesting commentary on how well they got along . 
   so it just happens to be that every violent country is diverse , but why it 's violent is n't traced to diversity ? 
  the one thing many of these countries have in common is n't why they 're violent ? 
  what in the world are you saying ? 
  violence does n't exist in homogeneous countries . 
  even japan has a yakuza . 
  violence in the us can be traced to a lot of things , such as our gun laws and our culture . 
  it is not traced to diversity . 
   as history and the modern day has shown , certain peoples are smart and others are not . 
  i can not believe you are saying this . 
  this is outrageous . 
  there are a number of factors which affect intelligence , including access to education and information . 
  many people in the us do not live in states or local communities that prioritize those things . 
  it is very much a failing of the us . 
  the second amendment . 
  no other first world nation has gun laws like we do it would be interesting to know if the majority of people in other countries want our gun laws . 
  i think they have seen and read enough to know exactly what comes with them . 
   what is voter disenfranchisement ? 
  asking to be validated at the ballot ? 
  https://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/08/opinion/voter-suppression-in-north-carolina.html?_r=0  to liberals hillary was liberal . 
  to nearly everyone she was liberal no , she was not . 
  but you are free to believe what you want . 
  i mean she herself has called herself a centrist . 
   new york , where the troublemakers are contained ? 
  excuse me ? 
  what exactly do you mean by this ? 
  please elaborate . 
   how about baltimore ? 
  again , you are picking and choosing cities to fit your narrative while ignoring the fact it is n't so simple . 
  there are a lot of factors at play here . 
  it is not a black and white issue . 
   i love this argument : if ugandan will come to hungary and becomes a citizen she will be hungarian lmao . 
  her children wo n't . 
  if i would migrate to china i would be chinese ? 
  we are n't the us , ethnicity and place of birth are both important factors in becoming a hungarian . 
  i 'm not sure what hungary 's immigration laws are . 
  however , once you gain us citizenship , you , and your children -- are considered american , regardless of where you come from . 
  ethic background , and place of birth , are not important . 
  to clarify , are you telling me there is truly a second class of citizen in hungary ? 
  you make a legal distinction between people born there and those that are not ? 
   it wo n't because it will be inhabited by immigrants . 
  we are not a `` melting pot '' nor do we desire becoming one . 
  i do n't know what the polling on hungarians suggests , so i can not comment on this . 
  i do know that as technology continues to advance our countries integrate with each other further , through diplomacy and trade . 
  you can not interact with the world by isolating yourselves into some kind of bubble . 
   yes . 
  fuck off , we 're full . 
  well jeez , that 's not very nice . 
   no people did n't `` know it was wrong '' it was just how things were . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  i 've cited the factual existence of abolitionists as evidence that people knew it was wrong . 
  i mean the english ended slavery about 30 years before the americans did .
