  that only mean that changing it would be illegal to this one constitution , which would become a powerless old piece of paper if the population decided to adopt a new one through a referendum . 
  the population is sovereign . 
  `` unchangeable constitutions '' mean nothing . 
  you seem to assume old voters are behind the fn 's rise , but it 's actually quite popular among young voters . 
  polling and statistics show that the fn is indeed very popular among young voters . 
  not just killed . 
  beheaded . 
  what 's his positions on immigration ? 
  that 's lepen main battleground . 
  the russian economy is recovering ? 
  since when ? 
  the austrian election will happen on 4 december , before the italian referendum , if i recall well . 
  edit : actually , they 're both scheduled for 4/12 . 
  and it 's population replacement . 
  the referendum mentioned here failed to be bidding because in bulgaria a referendum need not only to gather 50 % of the votes but also * at least * the same percent of people voting than in the last election . 
  it failed the latter by less than a percent , and thus was only advisory , with the parliament being able to simply vote on it . 
  not really a loss , imo . 
  getting rid of a proportional system in favor of `` first past the post '' , even wih two round , that 's a big mistake . 
  meanwhile , north ireland still does n't have a government . 
  does anyone know when new elections may be called ? 
  at this point i do n't see them ever agreeing to a coalition . 
  how is orban ruining his country ? 
  en angliche on dit `` as a french man '' . 
  or just have desanilation plants fill with fresh water instead of salty one . 
  it 's currently damn expensive because of the power needed . 
  but in a few decades with some lucky progress in solar panels , who know ? 
  they have an empty desert right there after all . 
  yes , of course . 
  i 'm just surprised by the difference in treatment . 
  there 's a ladder . 
  it actually had a to be modified internally because of a failure in its construction plan , though . 
  they had to finish it in seven years because it was mainly financed by a man 's donation with this time limit in his will . 
  as it progressed very slowly at first ( less than three cumulated days of work hours the first year ) they decided to make the base narrower , and it later came out the completed phare was vibrating during heavy storm . 
  they had to fix it with cables below the surface , and reinforce the inner walls . 
  the next election is in several years . 
  what 's the point of such an early poll ? 
  we should rather discuss of polls for the election in norway that is a few months ago , do n't you think so ? 
  switzerland seem fine doing several of them four times a year . 
  maybe a swiss could tell us about the vost of it all ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  good job slovenia !, 
  look like op 's attemp to control the narrative has crashed . 
  yes . 
  nothing wrong with refusing to accept an immigrant if the country want to . 
  it 's based on europe immigration , not on immigration from the outside world . 
  the majority of european would put a stop to it if given a choice . 
  i did n't knew you could make tramway from a bus . 
  hiw does he driver know he '' s remaining on track if it 's still on wheels , and what happen to the connection if he were to stir away ? 
  stop the money flow . 
  i wish the populations of more countries shared this view . 
  as it should . 
  his head look too big . 
  and have a name that sound cool in both language without needing to be translated . 
  imo the dup is n't a party that will compromise on societal matters . 
  clearly . 
  ... i need an update . 
  is there a failsafe ? 
  you mean he city that was here first in all the european treaty as the capital city ? 
  strasbourg was here first . 
  we asked nothing . 
  deal with it . 
  i can be wrong , but i think he 's seeing nationalists as people who want to expand their country 's borders . 
  which is n't the same thing , of course , but that would let his comments make sense . 
  i think you 're confusing nationalist with expansionist . 
  which is really weird for armenia , because their very constitution actually outlaw same sex marriage . 
  country with such constitution yet with same sex * unions * are quite widespread , but in their case it 's not so weird . 
  this armenia situation , though , as far as i know , that 's a first . 
  every newspaper online comment section is a cesspool . 
  there 's something about commenting on news events freely that seem to let people who have strong opinions voice them freely when they otherwise could n't . 
  which is kind of a good thing in the end , i guess . 
  they actually are in the process of preparing one , but it will only be ready in the next few years . 
  swiss do vote something like every four months on their votations , but people do n't realize how long the procedure actually is . 
  you do n't just gather a lot of signatures and say `` let 's vote on this sentence . '' . 
  you have to come up with an actual bill and docs that will be reviewed through comitees and political groups in the parliament . 
  then the campaign document for and against it have to be prepared and reviewed by such neutral groups , etc. . . 
  it take a lot of time . 
  they could have started the whole process early on , though . 
  i guess they didnt want to risk it until they were sure it would pass . 
  in israel if you want to marry you still have to go meet a group of religious mens who will judge if you and your spouse can indeed marry , and they can and do sometime say no . 
  there 's no civil marriage without this religious one . 
  i 'm not a specialist of the jewish religion , maybe it got nothing against gays , but if not for a total do over of the marriage law and procedure , i doubt same sex marriage will become legal there in the near future . 
  in french we could use `` m\u00e8re naturelle '' and `` m\u00e8re adoptive '', 
  nobody thinks of the lesbians . 
  his signature was needed and he would n't accept to do it , yet they did n't want to get rid of the king for good : a political deadlock . 
  so they deposed him , had the guy who in the belgian constitution act in place of the king when there is n't one available rightfuly sign the law , then reinstated the king a few days later . 
  though in my memories it happened for the abortion law , not he same sex marriage one . 
  well , germany still has n't . 
  the law need to be signed by the president , and will have to undergo a review by the constitutional court as the csu opposition asked for one . 
  it 's expected to come into force on early october . 
  the maltese really outspeed the germans on that one . 
  and since the last election some month ago they lost the ability to trigger that veto , getting less than thirty seat in the north ireland parliament . 
  there 's a chance same sex marriage will pass during this term , if the damn parties eventually agree in a government , which they still have n't . 
  i 'm wondering if there may not be another early election before that happen . 
  well in the national assembly they renamed their group of deputies `` the new left '' instead of the socialist group , so obviously everyone is trying to distance itself from the old name \u00e0 la union carbide . 
  i was commenting on them being on the retreat , nothing more . 
  front national did lose by a great margin , but they also gathered ten millions of votes in the presidential second round . 
  the most they ever got . 
  if you had told someone ten years ago the fn would get one third of the voters on a presidential election they would have called you an alarmist or a far righter . 
  they 're clearly on the rise . 
  so before the 1970 it had always been a blend of europeans people ?
