  no it did n't . 
  except if you believe europe waited to rebuild itself until the late ' 70 . 
  i would have thought they were pretty important laws for the president to refuse to sign them . 
  like what happened in belgium when the king had to be deposed for a few hours for the abortion law to pass . 
  anyways , thanks for your detailled answers !, 
  * on a national level . 
  my bad . 
  thanks . 
  thanks a lot , but with only he german names , i have no idea what these laws were about ( maybe there 's a wiki page on it ? ) . 
  by the way , did the court then approve their non signature ? 
  then they 're not refugees . 
  as far as i know the bundesrat had already voted yes some long time ago , the law only needed the approval of the lower house , so by now only the signature of the president . 
  what were these nine times a german president refused to sign a law , by the way ? 
  why still no votation on it in switzerland , by the way ? 
  they have them every four months . 
  i know the actual procedure take years , but surely it 's been triggered a long time ago . 
  fun fact : you could convince 1000 people there to sign an offical p\u00e9tition and that would be enough to force the landtag ( parliament ) there to vote on the issue , and if it were to vote no that would then trigger a referendum . 
  the map show slovenia at 61 % in favor of same sex marriage , yet they rejected it in two referendums these last years . 
  either the opinions shifted very fast , or this map is n't 100 % precise . 
  what if they both ? 
  why not ? 
  they 're writting a new constitution ? 
  is n't the far right party going down hard in the poll recently ? 
  that 's not what 's written under the map . 
  the statue part does n't seem to be centered on the street/place . 
  that would be a huge damocles sword hanging above these parents . 
  they would know and fear that any medical emergencie rushing their kid to the hospital may lead to the discovery and their kid being taken away . 
  a few mediatised cases would have a significant impact . 
  thanks diana for putting an end to this tradition . 
  it 's loosely enforced because the government has no bone . 
  state very clearly that any genitaly mutilated girl will be took from her parents whenever it is discovered , and actually do it . 
  that would be actively fighting the practice . 
  there were lions in the us ? 
  now right wing economic bills and otherwise the same policies than before . 
  `` the blood on la hire 's sword is almost dry ! '', 
  we do n't have good music ? 
  whole map should be dark red . 
  i do n't think it was well represented . 
  for example , you had no one to vote for if you were on the left on economy and pro-europe yet on the right on immigration , and that 's how the political views of a lot of people i know are . 
  no , those who do n't vote when no candidates support their ideas have as much rights to complain than anyone else . 
  austria in october too , and there 's norway somewhere in the last months . 
  what about the outside works that have to be done during the heat hours ? 
  there 's a lot of emergencies job . 
  for example , a water pipe bursting near a road . 
  look like i indeed mistranslated . 
  the term lingua franca does n't refer to french . 
  it 's just a namesake . 
  look it up . 
  the closer you are to parity , the more state funding you will get for your political party . 
  he may be centrist , but he 's right wing on economy . 
  it 's actually not that rare to have 3 or 4 candidates qualified for second round , but they will usually rally the candidate of their `` side '' who got the most votes , or the one who is n't fn , and it will go down to only 2 . 
  malta use stv , and their recent election took five days to be fully counted . 
  the winner could be 100 % guessed on the second day , though . 
  wait for the results in number . 
  comparing the percentages of elections with way different participation mean nothing . 
  it 's 50 % right now , down from 75 % in the presidential one , as usual . 
  why do you hate to admit it ? 
  she may not be delighted to meet macron specifically , though . 
  during the greek financial crisis , when he was trying as france financial minister to olve the crisis in a way favorable to greece , calling the then debt obligation a new treaty of versailles , she had hollande blacklist him , it seem . 
  i never said it was the uk fault . 
  you can take your insult and stick it where it belong . 
  so what if english songs win more often ? 
  as far as i know people take the contest in a joking way , you wo n't have hooligans over it . 
  everything is better than the current situation , which has the europeans languages erased altogether from the contest , imo . 
  better to have an advantage to english speaking singers than to erase all europeans languages altogether from the contest , imo . 
  they were n't winning every years before , they would n't now . 
  so , can we go back to everyone singing in their own languages ? 
  i want to hear songs in polish or portuguese , not dozens of english songs . 
  : / what 's the poibt otherwise ? 
  that 's so cute !, 
  being in the 21st century does n't imply getting rid of your culture . 
  if i recall well , the problem with the alph art , herg\u00e9 's unfinished last comic , is that it 's not just the drawings , but the plot as well . 
  we do n't know how it what supposed to end . 
  why do you think continuing the serie would necessarily mean making the character do a time jump to modern times ? 
  it did n't happen with blake and mortimer , for example . 
  what you described is what i 've seen happening around me in france , you know ? 
  languages , certainly . 
  cultures , clearly not . 
  i would rather not end up with brittany going the way of catalonya . 
  well , no , that 's the point . 
  when the turn out is lower , a lot of parties numbers go down , but the fn ones remain consistent , even growing . 
  that 's because right wing voters go out to vote more than others . 
  so when it 's an election with a lower turn out , their percentage go up , while with a higher one , it go down . 
  that 's why comparing percentages of differents elections does n't work . 
  and it sure does n't work to talk of a trend . 
  but do it if you want . 
  at the next minor election , the voter feature described above will come back as usual . 
  the fn will get it 's slightly growing share of voters , while many of the voters of others mainstream party wo n't vote . 
  will you then say the fn suddenly is on a fast rise because its results jumped 10 or 15 % ? 
  i hope not , it would be as baseless as saying it crumbled in this election . 
  france 's population did n't increase several millions in two years ... you do have to compare absolute numbers . 
  comparing a percentage in an election in which 80 % of the population voted and another in which it was 50 % make no sense . 
  see my comment above . 
  no , these lower percentages are due to the way higher turn out . 
  they went from 5m in the d\u00e9partementales , to 6m in the r\u00e9gionales , to 7m this sunday . 
  aaaaand he under 5 % now . 
  fn got larger percentages in elections * with way lower turnout . 
  * you ca n't compare on percentages . 
  in the 2015 d\u00e9partementales , it got 5m , then in the later r\u00e9gionales 6m , and right now it got 7m . 
  we 're all the chemtrails crazies of the others .
