most of the margin in the chain is taken by the final retailer . 
  they control the market and it is notoriously difficult to enter their supply . 
  they will charge the customer `` slight premium '' if they buy for the same price . 
  if there is improved quality , they overcharge . 
  to start up a competing retail chain ... we are talking serious investment and a lot of obstacles and barriers in setting up shops in shopping centres ( like competitors pressuring the landlords not to rent out to the new guy ), 
  you underestimate the problem . 
  there was a price war of retail chains around a decade ago . 
  that included a race to the bottom in terms of quality . 
  several chains left the market , the quality is down but the prices hiked back up and higher . 
  people living close to the border buy their groceries abroad , but that 's pretty much what we can do . 
  do n't forget we want the product to be more expensive at the same time, 
  the jokes 's on [ you ] ( http://imgur.com/aeazxub ), 
   putin shill it 's their official fucking strategy you twat, 
   free speech is fundamental human right ok , another 20 seconds . 
  the freedom of speech in europe is generally not absolute . 
  libel and defamation is not allowed , as well as denial of totalitarian regime 's crimes . 
  i am sure this fits the concept, 
   i do n't like their policy , so i do n't think they deserve to be protected by free speech laws ''  ok i got it . 
  if you pretend to be a road-worker , but actually are only digging holes in the road , you should not be allowed anywhere near it . 
  that 's the 20 seconds i will spend on explaining this . 
  i had more hopes for the ruling from the article title . 
  it sucks big time that when going on a business trip the time spent travelling is not necessarily working time . 
  get on the road at 8am , have a meeting between 1-2pm go back and arrive at 8pm . 
  you worked 8 hours . 
  good . 
  rt is a warfare operation . 
  hybrid warfare , but still warfare . 
  u jelly ? 
  yeah , well , that 's just , like , your opinion , man . 
  news sites notorious for rock bottom level of discussions attached to the articles there . 
  youtube comments are nice constructive compared to them . 
  arguably also kremlin trolls ' natural habitat, 
  no man 's uk, 
  do you have the water `` boiler '' in your apartment ? 
  it might have settings for each circuit separately, 
  ... and he is not wrong, 
  it 's a new product launch , sould n't they at least toss a midget for celebration ? 
  did i miss something in the article , or is it really talking about events from 2012 like they happened in last few months ? 
  it seems easy in theory , right ? 
  husband or family , makes no difference . 
  when something is accepted as a social norm people tend to support it regardless of its impact or implications . 
  the problem is when society is too liberal not to restrict anti-liberal ideologies and movements . 
  after all , many totalitarian regimes were initially democratically voted into power . 
  and is member of a bedouin tribe riding a camel through desert . 
   in florida i regularly saw cars with german license plates on the front . 
  a lot of bmw 's with munich plates in particular . 
  they have so loose rules for license plates that they can get these legally , popular for tuned cars . 
  if you look closely , they often do not follow the german alphanumeric pattern . 
  tough choice . 
  what will be the result of you do n't fight oppressive antidemocratic ideologies ? 
  nope, 
  where do the logical fallacies end ? 
  could we ban cursing if we have hate-speech laws ? 
   burka ban already in place, 
  post removed in 5 ... 4 ... 3 ... 
  democracy has to walk a very thin line to defend itself . 
  anti-freedom movements just have to creep into the society slowly enough and be common enough to get accepted . 
  why should they not be allowed to go to beach not wearing burkini ? 
  france is not a strict muslim country . 
  they have more freedom than the burkini suposedly gives them . 
  banning symbols of oppressive , hateful and dangerous movements like salafism is always ok , even when it is clothing . 
  it should not be the only measure , though . 
  the piece of clothing is not the issue . 
  the movement it represents is . 
  so many people in these threads feel very qualified to tell the french how the things in france are, 
  as a wise ~ ~ man ~ ~ woman said , religion is like a dick . 
  it 's perfectly fine to have one and to use it in private . 
  just do n't go around waving it in public . 
   they 're not there to represent their own personal views but to represent the unbiased law ... their own personal view is apparently so important that they need to wear it for everyone to see 100x this, 
  what troll came up with the idea then ? 
  they are helping old fashioned britons to assimilate to the new order, 
  what a destruction . 
  some geologists should go to jail over it, 
  with the culture in question taking over it 's no longer a free country , what then ? 
  it 's not about the burkini itself , but what they represent, 
   the way people talk about it it might very well bs absolute shit . 
  ever been to reddit.com ? 
  could that be that it 's not a religious , but cultural thing , then ? 
  and could it be that the culture is unwanted one ? 
  the country with 5.39 % spendings is nothing to worry about , move along . 
  it 's not like erdogan did his `` couter-coup '' to be friendlier to the outside either, 
  back to normal, 
  and execution order for 20k czk per duckling was issued a year later becuase they did n't pay the fine, 
  would have never imagined prague 's people were able to give shit like that, 
   holiday what holidays ? 
  they do n't belong in capitalism, 
   we can all work together , no matter the background . 
  i envy your corporate experience . 
  is there provision for freely choosing the country to seek the asylum at ? 
  and do all the countries along the way have to grant right of passage ? 
  we went even further . 
  our finance minister is the greatest tax dodger, 
   so called constitution - donny, 
  and they say state companies can not be efficient . 
  not only it made profit , it even dodges taxes . 
  capitalists everywhere should be proud, 
  czech porn industry has really old roots . 
  in other news from the parallel universe , the rain is chocolate and every day is friday , friday , friday ... 
  but you are an astroturfing account , are n't you ? 
  as i said in the beginning , there is no point in disussion if you fail to see a difference between oppresive , corrupt , expansionistic regime and imperfect and not-always-right democracies .
