  do you need a lab to read a price ? 
  because if not , you 're not making sense, 
   frisco [ we have this here . 
  and it 's alcoholic ] ( http://www.celiakievpohode.cz/wp-content/uploads/2017/06/frisco.jpg ), 
   kofola is ~ ~ the ~ ~ shit !, 
  that 's fine , i 'll keep getting carton boxes in the store to carry the stuff, 
  hungary is not far from it, 
  but not higher prices for those items, 
  oh shit , just remembered we did n't have any food before tesco , nestl\u00e9 and unilever came over and used fair market practise, 
  http://www.radio.cz/en/section/business/czech-test-finds-inconsistent-levels-of-product-quality-in-different-states it was a broader test and only 3 out of 21 products were the same . 
  most of the products had inferior quality . 
  btw , the fish fingers were 50 % vs. 63 %, 
  http://www.radio.cz/en/section/business/czech-test-finds-inconsistent-levels-of-product-quality-in-different-states it was a broader test and only 3 out of 21 products were the same . 
  most of the products had inferior quality, 
  i suggest to set little higher standards for people who 's careers are running countries than for potheads who ca n't even order a pizza, 
  dunno if that 's controversial for anyone , proud heritage, 
  almost like if hungary got into a situation it caused and it has infrastructure set up for . 
  as if they created incentives for a flood of fradulent asylum seekers . 
  also , are they still really terrible for wanting to build the wall to protect shengen ? 
  * why `` regardless if the migrants are asylum seekers '' ? 
  it is a major factor in the whole story . 
  stop the formal legalities , talk reality . 
  * refugees from a country 1000km away should not be aligible to seek for asylum in the eu . 
  they are no longer in danger for 800km or weeks away from the threat . 
  if germany is so vested in getting all people in safety , they are free to set up asylum points in refugee camps and grant them in the place where it is needed the most . 
  mena has high poverty and fertility rates so they will have people to import for decades . 
  * are any of the migrants applying actually being identified and validated ? 
  and deported ? 
  not sure if you are correct to point in direction of hungary, 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/hbb-7kl0mmq?t=199 ), 
  if germany locked the border , i am sure hungary could handle the five arriving migrants themselves . 
   and this is a vastly different picture than how most eastern europeans understand this crisis . 
  thanks for your lecture . 
  now let me explain what this migration `` crisis '' is . 
  it is a `` wave '' of people mostly not from war zones . 
  those are too poor and they are stuck in refugee camps . 
  it is people from all kinds of areas who heard that there is good time to go to germany and sweden , because mother angela will accept everyone . 
  and if by some miracle they are not awarded asylum , no one will make them go back . 
  and it is not a wave in a sense that it spikes and will subside , it is a stream that will go stronger or weaker , but will increase over time . 
  those people are not interesed in getting to safety , they reached it before they got on the life-threatening jurney accross the sea . 
  they go after welfare in the promissed european lands . 
  and not some mediocre welfare in southern or eaastern european states , only top tier welfare of germany and sweden will do . 
  so the eastern states do not feel very invested in sharing the burden the rich states brought onto themselves by their wealth and unreasonable attitude towards migrants . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** to us , you are saying : `` we are so rich and naive there are milions of people who want to move over here , while you are too poor , homogenous and without the welfare to be interesting for anyone from mena so no one is coming to you . 
  you have to help us with our desire to take in everyone by taking those people instead of us , although you do n't want them and they do n't want to go to you '', 
    when merkel made her controversial speech ( `` wir schaffen das '' ) she was referring to the above : that germany will not send syrians back to hungary/greece even though germany had the right to do so . 
  look how great thaat turned out for germany, 
  germany can not afford losing any ( current or potential ) currency-weakening countries and export markets . 
  imagine their horror if they lost free-trade markets to export to and their currency shed the underperformers , becoming valued true to german economy , which would be something like 1.3 $ . 
  their export economy would implode . 
  how dare you !, 
  we all have to take them in as well . 
  because germany and sweden like to accept them . 
  although not really , they only want to redistribute them a little so that 's where our part comes . 
  jo\u00e9 le grenouille , shall be our mascot, 
  why are you referring to hungary when hungary is in no way involved or mentioned ? 
  interesting to see this from sobotka . 
  as one of the news pundits recently said , he is gaining a lot of respect from people that will never vote for him . 
  his core voters are more isolationists and seem to appreciate low-brow and short term gestures . 
  too bad this time next year he will be an ex-chief of a marginal , rather than leading party . 
  since when that is everything eu stands for ? 
   so you 're saying that i 'm qualified to ride a bike , not fly a plane and 15 years ago i was qualified to fly a plane and not ride a bike ? 
  you should probably work on your analogies . 
  you should work on your reading comprehension . 
  when you do that we can actually discuss, 
   schwarzenberg is traitor because of germany how exactly ? 
  and please tell me when did schwarzenberg attend conference organized by eu sanctioned crook and was friendly with dictators . 
   who is against referendums about topics like eu . 
  i mean , since you 're running you clearly think people are qualified to vote for you but then you turn around and say you are n't qualified enough to vote about something else ? 
  yeah . 
  if you are qualified to ride a bike , it does n't mean you are qualified to fly a plane . 
  what you call elitism is non-populism for others, 
  yeah , but the strength is there , prick is more like `` blbec '', 
  the `` joke '' is his actual opinion . 
  and if he could , he would go through with it, 
  yep . 
  he hates the kind of journalist that asks questions and wants answers . 
  that kind which got him recognized as a liar three times at court, 
  please tell us more, 
  why exactly was zeman better vote than schwarzenberg ? 
  and please give valid reasons , not some bullshit about sleeping ( which might be a plus anyway , better sleeping than drunk ), 
  while russia is laughing at the useful idiots, 
   just waiting until the `` hnojomet '' starts . 
  sheep manure was already flung . 
  thinking what will be thrown in the last weeks is shaking my stomach already, 
  they have each `` strong '' and `` weak '' sides , on average they are more or less equal . 
  zeman is very experienced politician and he plays his chess well . 
  if he had the power like us president has , he would be wiping his ass with the constitution even more . 
  he was our trump before trump ran for presidency, 
  you know someone stepped a line when putin is holding him back on hostility to journalists . 
  why you mention java ? 
  that 's oracle pos software , nothing to do with linux, 
  0.8 usd ? 
  not really . 
  1usd could be normal cheapish price . 
  0.8 is like when neighbors crack a keg for grilling a pig together, 
  it is a lower cost brand in pilsner 's portfolio . 
  although i agree that it has a very good price / taste ratio, 
  break down the crowd into segments and calculate . 
  we are looking at least at 10k people in that picture and that 's not even half of the crowd you could see in other photos,
