  it 's called sovereignty . 
  whoever made that spanish map should get shot . 
  we have at least one relatively self managed communist town in spain . 
  i never heard of them untile they started [ raiding supermarkets ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/spain/9467635/spanish-mayor-hailed-as-modern-day-robin-hood.html ) for communist reasons . 
  as an architecture student you should n't be so impressed by what a building looks like , leave that to bored stay at home parents flipping through magazines . 
   caviar left the french always spot on, 
  i 'm going to downvote you , but because of your last sentence . 
  i think it 's about time we stop confusing liberalism and left wing ideals with open door policies . 
  i 'm a liberal in the american sense of the word which i assume is how you 're using it . 
  i oppose the open door policy , and like much of / r/europe i see it for what it is , a masturbational , self-congratulatory , self-indulgent delusion from the holier-than-thou german left . 
  mexicans do n't reject america 's core values . 
  what i do n't see is the big contribution that muslim immigrants make in europe , when we 're willing to sacrifice so much to bring more of them here . 
  1st and 2nd generation immigrants starting to bomb and execute the shit out of paris is what i 'd call news . 
  in spain we use the idiom `` chronicle of a death foretold '' ( after garc\u00eda m\u00e1rquez 's novel ) when something is going on and it 's obviously going to end badly . 
  seriously , what did these `` human rights advocates '' expect ? 
  that a swarm of largely untrained , uneducated 3rd world migrants would come en masse to germany and sweden , and they would become productive members of europe ? 
  that budgets would be enough to support them indefinitely ? 
  that they would go back to their home countries after that indefinite amount of time ? 
  or wait , did they actually think that them being poor , foreign and dark skinned would by itself be a positive contribution to european countries ? 
  because if that 's the case then fuck , i could have gone hard on the tan this summer as i do n't have a job right now and really could use some of that sweet swedish welfare . 
  i think it 's not just about irresponsibility , but also about sweden 's obsession with a world view that they 're trying to force down everyone 's throat . 
  like when your grandma spent all morning cooking and now she wo n't be happy unless everyone stuffs their face with her overcooked chicken . 
  and at this rate , lleida will soon be moroccan , if it is n't already . 
  i 'm sure the people of saldus in latvia will have a lovely castanyada . 
  america . 
  that 's right italy , we did it . 
  and iceland do n't even start with your viking fairy tales . 
  i went to algarve and the water was colder than in the basque country . 
  that 's really , really cold . 
  more like merkel is bringing closer to the eu a highly questionable nation as a result of germany 's self indulgent foreign policy . 
  with germany 's leverage in the eu , the 4th reich is no longer a running joke . 
  merkel pretty much does and undoes as she pleases , with very little foresight . 
  not like she needs it . 
  spain does n't want to lose a pool of contributors , one that was largely built by spain itself . 
  moreover , comparing nations , regions , or any group dynamic to one woman and one man is something you 'd expect a 5 year old to do , so i probably should n't even bother . 
  dae spain = unemplyment ??!!!! 1 !, 
  i 'd personally go as far as 1 bj/appartment with no regrets, 
  is this where we look down on americans because we do n't like their opinions ? 
  i love spanish architecture, 
  bro do you even diplomacy ? 
  you do n't need to go that far to congratulate dog owners . 
  in san sebastian the city is clean as can be , and you see well behaved dogs off the leash all over the place . 
  in the north people know how to own a dog , everywhere else it 's pretty much a mess . 
  just lmfao at this delusion [ ] ( https://imgur.com/a/dxohd ), 
  is there any tension between whites and asians ? 
  op you 'd be a misfit everywhere you need to come out of your shell, 
  itt : people acting as if farage is working for rt  mr farage told the telegraph that he had not agreed to front any programme for the broadcaster . 
  he said : `` i 've appeared on rt occasionally . 
  they are a broadcaster with an audience . 
  they may well have a political agenda , but you ca n't ignore them . '', 
  they were n't put into reservoirs . 
  they were allowed to stay in the reservations and rule them according to their own traditions . 
  i 'm not disagreeing with the rest of your comment , just do n't try to twist things to add shock value . 
  they can wear turbans and hijabs , but not tattoos . 
  either enforce the dress code , or not . 
  you ca n't bend it for some and not for others . 
  nice call hans , you would n't want those trump supporters roaming reddit unnoticed . 
  they should have a mandatory trump flair , and wear an identification patch on their shoulder while we 're at it , i bet you know a thing or two about that . 
  they have to go back . 
  pushing an agenda is funding media to parrot your slogan and give one sided accounts of current news . 
  this guy is giving his opinion , for free , on a forum where people can choose to upvote or downvote at will . 
  hide yo kids , hide yo wives , hide yo grandmas, 
  source ? 
  when your city has 50k people it 's good to point out which country it belongs to because i have no fucking clue where jihlava is . 
  your post is completely meaningless . 
  orwell came to spain to fight fascism , not to protect spaniards . 
  he barely saw combat , got wounded by a sniper out of sheer stupidity , and fucked off back to england when things got ugly . 
  the result is a romanticised account of a war he barely got to experience . 
  i know right ? 
  who the fuck they think they are , setting up shit to better their living conditions . 
  just another intellectual doing war tourism in a country he does n't really understand . 
  it 's most likely a french national that did this . 
  well 80 hours of work is basically torture for these people judging by their employment rates, 
  what 's up with germans and expansion ? 
  oh there 's the took er jerbs guy . 
  how you doing ? 
  had n't seen you in like 3 days . 
  they took the copper as well, 
   let 's be honest , ~ 2,000 a year is nothing . 
  yeah tell that to the 2000 kids that got it done, 
  lmao i love it when romanians on the internet blame their shit on the gyspsies all gypsies do is panhandle . 
  white romanians are the ones that go out to mug people and pick up fights . 
  of course , they 've sent all their scum here . 
  spain is a barren land italy is plentyful with great benefits source : italian man, 
  great way to boost british birthrates, 
  they fuck cows instead of women, 
  we will blockade gibraltar regardless, 
  you mean the most spanish of spanish towns, 
  you probably boil the potatoes instead of frying them you fucking degenerate, 
  neverlands, 
  lmfao @ the salt, 
  fuck portugal, 
  rip france, 
  i have no time or interest to do that . 
  thinking a person 's actions or opinions are automatically useless because of the people they hang out with , the places they frequent or their past experiences is a form of bigotry , however well accepted it is nowadays . 
  wtf are you even talking about ? 
  i do n't care who this guy is , who he hangs out with or where he posts . 
  i care about what he says in this sub . 
  but you 're following people 's post history to see if you can publicly label them and render their opinions invalid without debating them . 
  now that 's not insanity , that 's bigotry and pretty creepy as well .
