man , thank god we barely get refugees . 
  i 've noticed the catalan independentists often speak with hints of catalan supremacy and historical revisionism . 
  well , `` hints '' is a euphemism , just hearing them talk about the * charnegos * ( people living in catalonia , often born there , with non-catalan ancestry ) sends shivers down my spine . 
  in one post it 's : `` broad and unsubstantiated claims about muslims in a right wing rag '' and `` nothing but anecdotal evidence '' . 
  now it 's `` actual statistical truths '' . 
  you 're quite the mental gymnast . 
  i do n't care about some guy 's estimates on a specific issue . 
  i care that this article is very much in line with what i see every day in my hometown : that non-spanish neighbourhoods are becoming no-go zones . 
  we 've dealt with gypsy no-go zones for decades , then came the romanian gypsy camps , and now we have to deal with muslim no-go zones . 
  this article is barely news , but it gives us a chance to discuss this problem that turns out is not just happening in spain . 
  so long for the word * home * town . 
  right now i 'd hate to be one of those swedish posters that claims it 's all good and it 's just the sensationalist media exaggerating things . 
  asking her if she wants to be rescued is basically asking her `` what would you rather look like ms minister , a stuck up bitch or a fucking clown ? '', 
  young vibrant communities . 
  [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/vfm8gmi ) is what the guy was going for . 
  in spain it 's not gay if you give him a high five really quick after he gives you a creampie . 
  yeah that 'll do it . 
  the thing with jokes is i can make them about whatever the fuck i want . 
  there are more pigs in denmark than people so danes are known as pigs , that 's what the joke was about . 
  the danish holocaust . 
  yeah i bet you like us , collecting spanish unemployment while living with your moms back in romania . 
  we love our leaks . 
  do n't we , folks ? 
  good thing we 're in / r/westerncountries then . 
  impossible to ignore the us in this sub when you 're the flag i see the most , right up there with uk and germany . 
  haha we tiggered them bro [ high five ] ( http://imgur.com/e2vwqku ), 
  take your passive aggressive shit elsewhere , i did not say a thing about europe 's history . 
  and who 's `` we '' ? 
  the history of the us is written in blood and the present is no different . 
  we know it , they know it , and trump knows it . 
  but that 's not what trump 's statements are about . 
  they 're about violence that could be avoided with stricter border controls and immigration laws , which plays into his own agenda in this election . 
  and he 's not wrong in the slightest . 
  wet grass and ethylic puke : british isles . 
  i 'm half basque , half catalan , and grew up elsewhere . 
  inevitably , a lot of spain has poured over into the basque country . 
  wether some people like it or not . 
  however , there is still a topographical , climatic , biological , genetic , linguistic and ultimately cultural chasm between spain and the basque country . 
  the union is strictly formal and political . 
  it 's a recent fabrication , and when i say recent , bear in mind no one knows how long basques have been in europe . 
  that 's why i cringe whenever catalans try to use basque independence to fuel their own plight . 
  it 's a different story . 
  if someone dropped me in catalonia and i had to ask for directions , i would n't know if i was in catalonia or extremadura . 
  if you dropped me in the basque country , i 'd smell the wet grass and the charred wood , and i 'd know . 
  god you 're cringe worthy . 
  lol, 
  usually it 's not both parents that work until late . 
  and if that 's the case , there 's nannies ( usually latinas and romanians ) and grandparents . 
  speaks volumes about the uk when british terrorists have to go to a muslim country to get arrested . 
  i 've seen them in spain and france , not exactly like that one but yeah , a ceramic enclosure made of 2 pieces that preserves butter . 
  i knew the catalan independentists would be waiting around the corner to milk this story , like they always do with basque news . 
  do n't compare our plight to yours . 
  it 's an entirely different subject . 
  i always thought she looks completely spanish . 
  it disappears in the bottom left picture . 
  those crafty [ grabblers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q4pc8luqiws ), 
  breaking : detroit citizens kidnap romanian mp, 
  in spain we call those `` british tourists '' . 
  discussing immigration and employment as purely economic matters while neglecting the political and social aspects is terribly shortsighted , especially from someone who dares qualify other people 's stances as pathetic . 
  it 's politics . 
  it 's not about formalities , it 's about using a phrase that is always meant to ridicule and belittle people who have an opinion different to yours . 
  saying jerbs automatically nullifies anything else you have to say . 
  right wingers use the rhetoric , but the circlejerk i talk about is when left wingers cartoonishly use the phrase to ridicule working class people who oppose this type of immigration . 
  i 've seen it plenty of times on reddit . 
  this is why i ca n't stand the left wing `` dey took er jeeerbs '' circlejerk . 
  i do n't blame romanians and other immigrants . 
  i blame the entrepreneurs who hire them , and the government that allows these practices . 
  but locals are being displaced in favour of cheap foreigners , and it 's sad . 
  i do n't see any real asses in that picture . 
   whole cities like l'hospitalet de llobregat that have a majority non catalan people at all ... 
  sad that they were born in catalonia , grew up in catalonia , live in catalonia , and you still do n't consider them catalans . 
  barcelona 's gates are always open as long as you 're not a spaniard from outside of catalonia . 
  that 's just obscene, 
  by all the countries between greece and germany that have closed the borders , while being ridiculed by germany . 
  i bet you overcook the egg as well to the point where it 's spongy instead of juicy . 
  shit , you probably boil the potatoes instead of frying them . 
  those who do n't use onions are not spaniards as far as i 'm concerned . 
  do n't you dare, 
  not sure i 'm answering your question but there 's two types of spaniards : those who sleep siestas and those who do n't . 
  the ones that do are regular , law-abiding , laid back , well rested , well adjusted spaniards , the ones that do n't are anxious , nail-biting attention and validation seekers who will go to great lengths on the internet to `` dispel the myth of the spanish siesta '' . 
  i wo n't disclose wether i 'm a siesta man or not because i choose to stay out of the whole shitfest that is the siesta debate on the internet . 
  speeding is a joke until someone you know gets killed . 
  i always have a good chuckle whenever brits mention that the french are keeping the jungle there to spite britain . 
  like dismantling a camp that size , and processing all those undocumented people is something that can be done in one morning then you 're off to lunch . 
  paranoia , chauvinism , narcissism , i do n't know what it is but the brits need to get over the french , because i barely hear the french talk about britain . 
  i do n't know in the uk but in spain the left wing is adamantly pro-palestine . 
  i do n't think muslims have a lot of influence in british universities , but i 'm sure the left wing does . 
   whites around 50 %  most people will be mixed hmm ... 
  easy there chief , if you go any harder on that keyboard you 're gon na get it pregnant . 
  in spain `` doing the swede '' ( * hacerse el sueco * ) has always meant blatantly and knowingly ignoring something . 
  thanks greece, 
  what do you mean by pro-immigration ? 
  just curious . 
  is it european anti-semitism , or `` european '' anti-semitism ? 
  how will the obnoxious far left bickering and complaining evolve ? 
  i want to believe it 's a temporary byproduct of the social media boom . 
  but i fear it will only get worse , it will gather more attention , and they will have their way until our societies become god knows what . 
  careful camping in spain , you 'll get the shit fined out of you if you get caught camping in the wilderness under a certain ( very high ) altitude . 
  how dare spaniards not speak english ? 
  sad day for you , and slovak gays , not for slovenia .
