  how is russia `` fascist '' and what `` other fascist '' is russia funding ? 
  so in other words , you ca n't . 
  very well then . 
   both fn and putin are fascist how so ? 
  you 're making the claims , the burden of proof lies upon you . 
   the fear is not irrational . 
  maybe not for ukrainians , but for most of us , it is . 
  there are many lies spread about russia and russians . 
   this is a whole library of actions he made over the many years of his rule . 
  let 's hear a few of them , then . 
   it became fascist under putin how so ? 
   and started the fascist international by supporting other fascist . 
  when was this `` fascist international '' founded , and where ? 
  who leads it ? 
  what `` other fascist '' is russia supporting ? 
  i do n't exactly like putin either , and i am not exactly trusting of russia , given our history with them . 
  i 'm not going to have an irrational fear of them , however . 
  i expect you to explain as to how russia is a totalitarian state . 
  you made the claim , so the burden of proof lies on you . 
   when russia became fascist when did russia become fascist ? 
  how did russia become fascist ? 
  how does russia support fascists ? 
   it is no claim it is what russia is doing . 
  it is a claim , seeing as there is absolutely no proof of the `` international fascist '' or `` fascist international '' that you are speaking of exisiting . 
  debatable . 
  an explanation as to how russia has those things would be lovely . 
  russia is not a `` totalitarian regime '' . 
  and european nationalists having a conference in russia proves what , exactly ? 
  when and where did russia make it ? 
  you 're making these claims , but you have no proof for them . 
  the `` queen 's english '' , or `` received pronunciation '' is god-tier . 
  very elegant and pleasant to listen to . 
  there is no `` fascist international '' , nor is there a `` international fascist '' . 
  how is it irrelevant ? 
  what is the point you are trying to make ? 
  there is no `` international fascist '' . 
  there 's a fine line between russia and saudi arabia , would n't you say ? 
  russia never made one . 
  it has been so for quite some time now . 
  there is no `` fascist international '' . 
   is n't what le pen is trying to do considered treason ? 
  you 're not going to argue your point because you ca n't argue your point , there is no logic or rationality behind it . 
  instead , you 're going to use ad-hominem continuously , such is the way of the pc leftist . 
  not an argument . 
  allowing islam and africans to invade europe is not a european value and it never was . 
  europe also rejected your far-left communist ideals long ago . 
  moving to the us makes no sense for european nationalists whose main goal is to defend europe and our own country 's culture . 
  why do n't you move to the us ? 
  no , why do n't you move to canada ? 
  thank you for proving my point . 
  the finns are a special people . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  yes . 
  i like the german people , especially the bavarians . 
  i hate the german government . 
   nobody does that . 
  that 's the point . 
  far right wingers claim that there is some conspiracy to cover things up and that the media is biased when in fact they just do n't want to tolerate other views . 
  no one is making conspiracy theories here , that the police covered up these incidents is a fact . 
  of course the media is biased ( especially in sweden ) , only a fool would deny this . 
  to say that aftonbladet and expressen do n't have a bias is unbelievably ignorant . 
   bullshit , nothing is more common and more popular than bashing muslims . 
  it 's pretty much all that far right wing parties do . 
  it is important that we call out the barbaric islamic culture for what it is , and now more than ever because it 's right in our backyard . 
  and yes , there are places where it is restricted to call out islam for what it is , and to call out third-world immigration for what it is . 
   sounds like a conspiracy ... how ? 
  media outlets are biased , they are bound to report from their perspective and to push their ideology . 
   every crime related to an immigrant is reported widely in the news , all other crimes are being ignored . 
  you could n't be more wrong . 
  when an immigrant commits a crime in this country , most media outlets ( if they cover it at all ) will not mention that the perpetrator was an immigrant . 
   yes , all of them , right ? 
  like 1 million immigrant harassed women on nye ... 
  they have brought nothing but negatives to europe , their presence here has proven itself to be a threat to the native people of this continent . 
   haha , good joke , just look at this sub , literally nobody gives a shit about the women . 
  right wingers are n't exactly pro women , never heard a right winger complaining about white men touching women . 
  the fact that these `` refugees '' are raping our women on a mass scale makes my blood boil . 
  do n't you fucking tell me what i care about or do n't care about , you disgusting piece of trash . 
  `` white men '' are not carrying out sexual assaults or rapes on a massive scale . 
   invasion ? 
  what a surprise that you guys are n't being taken serious if you use such words ... 
  yes , an invasion , this is an invasion by definition . 
   hahaha , look , if you do n't understand western values then you should probably also go to syria . 
  western law system judge people as individuals and does n't group them . 
  allowing your country to be invaded by third-worlders is not a western value , allowing said third-worlders to rape european women is not a western value , silencing anyone who opposes the invasion is not a western value either . 
  you , and people like you unabashedly supported the invasion and you still do . 
  not only are these supposed `` refugees '' responsible for the sexual assaults on nye , but so are you . 
  you enabled them . 
  merkel did n't listen to the will of the people before and she is n't going to listen to the will of the people now . 
  margot wallstr\u00f6m is an idiot , it must be said . 
  all she does with her foolishness is hurt sweden and its reputation . 
   no , it 's right wing propaganda how ? 
  are you denying these sexual assaults were committed ? 
   just like the claim that you are n't allowed to criticize immigrants or islam . 
  there 's certain places where you ca n't , or your ability to do so is severely curtailed . 
   for like two weeks german media is reporting about nothing else but the nye events . 
  yes , but much of the media is n't giving the full story . 
   at this point people are completely exaggerating it . 
  how , exactly ? 
   why are n't we reading reports about it every time some drunk guy in a club grabs a woman 's ass ?
