  you can throw out the water later , but the ice inside the bottles does n't melt as fast and you can keep everything relatively dry . 
  it 's better to use on a camping trip - your ham sandwiches wrapped in foil wo n't dissolve , 
  i have several cool boxes - shitty like [ that ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/thermos-cool-box-sky-blue/dp/b000taovy2/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1500727083&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=cooler+box ) and excellent like [ this ] ( https://www.bauhof.ee/vaba-aeg/termokast-11-l-vahtplast-567770 ) . 
  the plastic ones have a thinner layer of foam inside and are useless . 
  the cheap boxes are thick and much better . 
  inside i use something like [ this ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/d/camping-coolers-cool-bags/pack-freezer-blocks-added-keeps-food-fresh/b00cmojh1a/ref=sr_1_5?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1500727083&amp;sr=8-5&amp;keywords=cooler+box ) . 
  if i do n't have the elements with me , i use old coke bottles - fill them up , squeeze a bit of water out so that the bottle is slightly flattened and freeze that . 
  they keep kool longer than ice . 
  perhaps 8 or so . 
  i usually use them while driving to our summer home . 
  then i just wrap the elements in kitchen towels as i do n't want the my ham and milk to freeze . 
  in regions where saunas are the norm it 's considered ok for the whole family to go to the sauna naked . 
  it 's not creepy/sexual in any way . 
  yet , this photo above makes me think that the storyline that led to this situation may have been a bit unwanted for the dad . 
  mother just stood by and took a photo . 
  you know - for blackmail or insurance, 
  a chef told me once that if someone does n't like olives , it might help to just force oneself to eat some . 
  usually ca 10-20 does the trick . 
  i 've told that to some people and most of them started to love olives . 
  estonia ( well , just south of finland ) gives both - maternity boxes ( smaller , but hey , we 're poorer ) an teddies that are ready in all the police cars . 
  --  estonians go to latvia for cheap alcohol . 
  i agree 100 % , but wanted to add that it 's always about pipelines , weapon sales , some zika funds to scam money out of ect . 
  never about democracy or freedom !, 
  i 'm no flat earth believer , but have seen oh so many scams in my life that i do not consider everything that the government officials , `` star-scientists '' like bill neye and other well funded people with conflict of interest say as the pure truth that can not be challenged . 
  the reason why it 's impossible to come up with a solution to the problem stems from missing dialogue . 
  the opponents are extremes , the elite is either divided into two extremes or misrepresented by the sensationalist media . 
  pick a side !, 
  everything and everyone are either black or white !, 
  all this talk about saving the planet while the war industry is on full gear ??? 
  that 's why most of europe does n't believe what the usa has to say . 
  what we see in europe - the usa goes in ( as we 've seen multiple times , the `` last straw '' for the usa has been based on a lie ) to bring `` freedom '' ( read : sell weapons , build pipelines , expand its market ect ) , shit hits the fan , europe gets to deal with the flood of refugees , the usa wipes its hands clean , shouts `` freedom '' , in comes mcdonald 's and starbucks . 
  i 'm 90 % certain that even if you do n't consider racism , fear , lack of funds and other reasons , the feeling that the usa just shat on europe and expects us to eat that shit now is a vastly underestimated feeling that lurks in the hearts of many europeans . 
  the feeling that we are no longer in control is something that is especially familiar to the ex-soviet part of europe . 
  we 've been there , we 've seen how it does n't work , we 're still trying to integrate the 30 % , some of which does n't want to integrate . 
  it 's shitty even over half a century later . 
  i 'm not against bringing in refugees , but order must remain and we 're not able to take in more than we can handle . 
  for example the ultra liberal side must understand that each country has its laws and the refugees must follow them as well . 
  there has to be a mechanism to send back the ones that do n't follow the law . 
  today , this mechanism is missing and it 's a problem . 
  the far right side must look deep inside them and find compassion . 
  the thing is that as long as the usa does n't taste the shit that it 's brought upon europe , these wars will continue to take place . 
  old wars and lies will be forgotten and new ones will be started . 
  if by any chance the usa is challenged by china or russia and pushed from the world police position , nothing will change in terms of refugees . 
  the place of origin and the destination may change , but not much more . 
  the solution does n't lie in not letting everybody into europe . 
  the solution is to eliminate the initiative to start these wars . 
  the one that offers a way to do that is actually worth a peace prize . 
  it 's not just the people in the elite , it 's the whole system that 's in place . 
  we 're so used to exploiting the poor that we depend on it . 
  edited spelling , but there 's lots more as english is not my first language . 
  well , the suicide games where popular in europe , do n't know about the us . 
  i know several people having to jump on their brakes as teenagers jumped in front of their cars . 
  my young relative explaned what it was as she was more familiar with this ( read : targeted on fb ) . 
  true !, 
  and yet almost nobody pointed that out after nelson mandela 's death . 
  it was all about grieving the hero , nothing about the violence before and after his time . 
  it 's a shame that the world is so polarized . 
  bravo !, 
  well , it 's a jeep and there 's a moose and the driver probably did n't want this happening https://youtu.be/zayflb8wmgm, 
  try dried fish !, 
  it smells and should n't be kept in the fridge . 
  i use fish similar to this http://www.zooplus.com/shop/dogs/dog_treats_chews/natural_treats_fish/232168 the ones meant for dogs do n't contain any salt . 
  equally as good are dried duck , beef ect . 
  i 've found that the treats that are some sort of mixes tend to be poitless . 
  less meat , more additives , more expensive . 
  if you want to use something as a `` jackpot treat '' , bake and then dry some liver ( any kind ) . 
  exactly !, 
  a friend of mine ( white blonde girl with light blue eyes ) spent 3 years studying in sa and had an armed escort demanded by the school !, 
  when her parents went to visit and she sneaked out with them to go and see the sights , she was almost expelled . 
  she loves sa , but says that her friends in sa do n't see mandela as a hero . 
  they say that the divide is still there and it 's due to the outside world not demanding enough from mandela as a leader . 
  he did some very questionable things while leading the country . 
  he supported violent regimes abroad and at home . 
  the world needs heros and villans . 
  as we 've seen again and again - one can be either one . 
  it 's a matter of perspective and pr . 
  i am so sorry for what your dog has endure !, 
  the skin issue might or might not be connected to the other problems . 
  it may just be that the changes in his immune system let his underlying disease emerge . 
  it wo n't hurt reading up on the conditions listed here :, 
  i 'm not saying that we should all start diagnosing our dogs , but in case of these rare and complicated examples the owner 's own knowledge about what to look for can sometimes decide the faith of the dog . 
  why ? 
  because dogs can not talk , complain ect . 
  dogs do n't act the same at the clinic as they do at home . 
  if there is no test for something , it may remain undiagnosed as the symptoms may be hard to follow . 
  i wish you best of luck at this point . 
  still , the driver was either blind and did not see the parked cars or stupid to not slow down as there is always a risk that somebody opens the door . 
  it 's not a matter of who 's right , it 's a matter of safety . 
  the speed limit is not obligatory and there are cases where you must slow down ( thick fog , ice , people on road , a bunch of parked cars in an unusual place ) . 
  are the windows facing north or south ? 
  if they face north , avoid colder and darker colors . 
  else you 're going to end up with a cave-like feeling in that room . 
  smart lighting could help a lot , but if you do n't plan to keep the lights on all the time , you should still consider the amount of natural light reaching your room and bouncing off the walls . 
  depending on the purpose of the room you may consider a mirror near the window on the wall that light hits the most or on the wall opposing the window . 
  the point is to capture all natural light and spread it in the room . 
  it may not suit if it looks wierd or for example reflects light into the eye of somebody sitting on the sofa . 
  if the room gets extra small amount of natural light , you can also consider painting the window wall lighter than the rest ( even white may suite ) . 
  as the wall where the window is gets less light than the other walls , it seems darker in contrast to the window and other walls . 
  you can brighten the whole wall by painting it in a lighter color . 
  if you have perfect walls with smooth finish , you can pick a glossy paint that also reflects light .
