  in the us it 's not . 
  it 's pointless to argue that the government should n't regulate it when you already let the government take away pets from people who do n't treat them right . 
  the question here is simple - is docking and cropping abuse or not ... 
  edit : added a few words . 
  ultimatums where a thing in the soviet times ... what can i say - i almost died because of the idiotic rules . 
  you see , i was born at the end of the month , and the limit of that month 's caesareans had already been exceeded . 
  the delivery lasted 42 hours , but that did n't matter . 
  so , if it was told that each `` member state '' needed to create it 's own dog breed , then that became the new plan :d, 
  i read the second quote and looked into it as it sounded wrong . 
  it is wrong . 
  by 1934 , the number of huntable animals had catastrophically reduced . 
  and new regulations were designed to prevent further decline . 
  in 1937 a hight limit of 45 cm was set to hounds and in 1940 it was raised up to 55 cm on one condition - that the hound would not pursue deer ( do n't know the correct terms ) . 
  to be sure , the dogs were tested for it . 
  this favored the use of low growing hound hunting . 
  today there does n't seem to be such ban . 
  plus we have tons of deer , moose ect . 
  you 'd be suprised how many rare breeds exist here . 
  it 's absolutely possible that we have some dogs of your breeds . 
  short-haired breeds are gaining popularity mainly because the mindset that a dog has to live outside , has to endure -30 degrees celsius ect has shifted . 
  i currently own a 9 mo golden retriever , but a year ago i was seriously considering kromfohrl\u00e4nders . 
  there are still none of there dogs here . 
  i managed to find some in finland , but decided to get a golden due to some personality traits that would n't have suited us . 
  still - i almost took the leap and brought the first kromfohrl\u00e4nder to live in estonia . 
  there are tons of people like me here , who actually travel far longer distances and come back with a breed that nobody knows about . 
  it 's a breath of fresh air . 
  my golden truly has the best personality and suits our relaxed lifestile well , but i really regret feeding the popular breed market . 
  i was severely lied to by the breeder that was fully aware that my dogs mother and dad should be off in terms of breeding , we 've left a hughe amount of money to the vet office , to the emergency room and now on top of the allergies , gastrointestinal problems , ichthyosis and food intolerance - i have a suspicion that all is not well with the puppy 's hips . 
  i 've done tons of detective work and it seems to be the same pattern with all the popular breeds . 
  as the country is small and all the breeders know each other , they have formed a protective circle . 
  even the better breeders do n't tell the truth about the unethical ones . 
  and they know !, 
  i 'm fairly sure that my next dog will be either a rescue mutt or some unpopular breed to avoid feeding these scumbags . 
  the dogs are suffering and my heart just brakes . 
  but it is kept in the hands of the vets . 
  the vet ultimately decides , but that does n't rule out legislation that :, 
  1 ) gives the supervising organ ( animal services or whatever it is in your area ) the tools to take action if they suspect that the reasons are not valid ( ask the vet some proof , for example ) ;, 
  2 ) gives vets the tools to decline from said procedure even if the owners insist , but there is no medical reason for it ;, 
  3 ) gives clear instructions to your local fci sub-organisations ( or what ever it is that is responcible for shows and other competitions in your area ) to ban dogs that have been `` modified '' from the shows . 
  the last point has come up in europe as there are breeds that need rhinoplasty in order to breathe . 
  of course it 's ok to help them breathe again , but these dogs should not be able to compete and thanks to the titles reproduce more and more sick offspring . 
  the owners themselves are not going to advertise to the potential puppy buyers that their pugs or bull dogs have genes that should not be carried on . 
  it 's not rocket science . 
  many countries do it already and with great success . 
  edit : added words, 
  they say no , because the client wants it , is willing to pay and it 's not illegal . 
  i already asked about it in another comment , but i 'm going to repeat it again . 
  do you all honestly think that it 's a final and absolutely ok solution to keep cutting dogs tails and ears off ? 
  and let 's not even discuss the ethics , or the dogs feelings ect . 
  is it really the only way ? 
  if you truly belive that the ears and tails are a medical problem , cut the damn demand on these dogs and the breeders will either start looking for a solution or other breeds will emerge . 
  as long as there is demand for the dogs that are produced today , the breed will not change towords the direction where no cutting is needed . 
  there are so many breeds that are not being cut . 
  saying : `` but i want this one ! '', 
  while disregarding the fact that with the breed comes a problem ( according to you ) is simply immature . 
  if the ears and tails are such a problem as you say - then there are truly defective dogs being bred in north-america . 
  i do n't belive that , but if this is the case , then put an end to this and do n't support the production of deffective dogs . 
   well , i am very glad you are here to tell the story !, 
  well , i truly hope that people do n't forget how painfully stupid , ignorant and violent the ussr was . 
  nothing like this should ever happen again . 
   this makes more sense to me . 
  in finland they sell lots of reindeer ( not sure exact species ) or used to up to about five years ago , and in other central and southern european countries there is also controlled ( varying by region ) hunting of deer or hoofed animals . 
  about the ban ... hoofed animals are definitely on the menu , but i sort of doubted for a second about the hunting rules , but yes , dogs are allowed here as well . 
  i 've eaten reindeer meat twice and once it was sort of `` meh , i 've had better '' , the second time it was glorious :p, 
   yes , especially if in estonia there is no stray dog or overpopulation problem ( what is the situation there ? ), 
  and you are importing dogs from shelters in other countries . 
  the situation is far from good . 
  we do n't have dogs ( or cats ) roaming the streets like we used to 2 decades ago , but not every dog is being adopted . 
  people interested in getting a pet do n't bring dogs from foreign shelters . 
  we have plenty in our own shelters and in addition to that there are a couple of people importing street dogs from russia , belarus and ukraine in order to sell them to finland . 
  that does n't help the situation of our own one bit . 
  the current law demands all of the dogs that leave shelters to be sterilized or castrated . 
  i do n't like the idea of it as i think that most owners actually do manage to avoid unwanted litters and many of the dogs are far from fully grown , but at the same time we continue the endless battle of explaining why it 's not ok to let some random dogs make puppies `` out of love '' and then try to sell them as purebred without the evil fci papers . 
  then again , i think it has gotten a lot better . 
   spain is a bit far away for rescues i guess , though i can see an estonian wanting to buy a spanish water dog and getting it from a breeder in spain , the uk or some other country closer to you . 
  my dogs father is from southern france , so that unethical puppymiller drove all the way and back to bring herself a champion and then start milling away . 
  my friends friend bought a dog from turkey . 
  they both drove half way . 
   we drove to france over a couple of days ( with 4.5 month old spanish mastiff puppy in the car with us ! ), 
  to collect our 8 week beauceron . 
  wow !, 
  i ca n't stand my kids in the car that long , but maybe a couple of dogs are ok :d i think that the mindset that you have is the correct one . 
  it 's just a couple of days on the road , but you 're going to spend years with that dog later on . 
  you ca n't risk a bad breeder . 
   what you say about the breeders there is awful . 
  sadly there are so many unethical situations in so many places . 
  not all breeders are like that of course , but there are problems with goldens , labradores , german shepherds . 
  the breeds are simply so popular and the demand for dogs is so high that the breeders have no problem protecting each other as they use each other 's dogs in breeding . 
  i researched my dogs breeder for 2 months , called over 15 people . 
  she was so nice and my dogs parents are actually with very good temperaments and looks . 
  yet the health ... only after i gt my puppy did i start finding odd things about him . 
  oh , the lies , i was told !!!, 
  the i accidentally met the doctor that had chipped my puppy . 
  she immediately recognized the dog , told me horror stories and all the pieces started to fall into place . 
  all thanks to one vet and 0 other breeders . 
  i 've learned my lesson the hard way and can only tell about my story advising everybody to be extra careful with the extremely popular breeds . 
   i am really sorry about all your puppy 's health problems . 
  i hope you can keep her fit and healthy with the right food . 
  thank you !, 
  it 's getting better  it was truly horrible and at times i did n't think he would make it .
