  the ones that are n't taught proper sex-ed , are n't even given a chance to decide for themselves . 
  where 's the freedom in that ? 
  freedom to drive 50 miles to a clinic to have an abortion during week 25 ? 
  it 's bad . 
  really bad !, 
  it 's like third world bad . 
  you could make it legal to abort the fetus on week 38 . 
  it would n't mean more freedom for women . 
  most would probably call it extremely selfish and barbaric . 
  well , for comparison - in europe it 's considered barbaric to kill a healthy fetus during week 27 . 
  i already explained why . 
  i read these posts here and feel as if you 're simply being hoaxed . 
  hoaxed into beliving that your freedom has been taken care of , while actually it 's not . 
  i ask again - why is it considered freedom to not educate your children properly ? 
  why is it not considered neglection ? 
  why is it called freedom to not have access to proper health care ? 
  just do something about it instead of praising the authoroties for turning the situation even shittier . 
  do you have a link to any of the tests where these third row seats are involved ? 
  i looked and could n't find any . 
  the rear window is one issue , but there 's hardly any crumple zone and i truly do n't belive that the kids ' feet would be safe . 
  well , that 's the thing . 
  the floor of the boot is intact , but the boot is collapsed ( probably due to the fact that it was a tractor , which makes the point of impact higher ) . 
  looking at the pictures nobody can say how far the boot collapsed right at the time of the accident . 
  of course it bounces back . 
  again - it may just as well be , that the additional structure works , but as long as there are no crash tests released ... 
  it 's just a guess . 
  do n't know much about slacklining , but according to all the other videos that i 've seen , it 's a key point that no body part touches the ground . 
  would anyone care to explane if she 's finding balance in-between jumps because she 's not that good yet or is it another style or smth ? 
  the boxes look really great , but are n't you afraid that the moisture draining from the boxes will eventually destroy your deck ? 
  question :, 
  i have a son with anxiety problems and we are currently waiting for a golden retriever puppy ( mother and grandfather are therapy dogs , father has the same personality , but as it looks rather stunnig , it 's a show dog ) . 
  we are hoping for the puppy to have the same personality as it 's parents and therefore start training it as soon as possible to become a much needed help for our son . 
  but ... 
  i 'm thinking about what happens when the dog dies . 
  i know that it probably lives a good 12 years , but what then . 
  how is it usually handeled ? 
  is a new puppy introduced and trained before the old dog dies ( how might that be possible if the old dog still works and takes care of its owner ) or will the person in need of a service dog live without a dog for a while ? 
  edit : do n't live in the us , but still interested in how it 's done over there . 
  oh , so the old one stops working , but lives on with the same owner ? 
  i somehow thought that the dog has the urge to work up to the very end and would n't let a puppy take its place . 
   anyone with local knowledge thinks taht it 's because i 'm the leading fighter against the war on drugs . 
  even people form pen, 
  well , you 're full of crap !, 
  i am local and no , almost nobody belives that this is the case . 
  you are trying to be scandalous , but that 's the thing - everyone can see that it 's just you trying your hardest to make people talk about your immature books once again . 
  and no , posting an ama on reddit is not proof in the media nor in court that some sort of international community is behind you . 
  gaining upvotes from uninformed redditors in the us does not make you right . 
  try to smoke just a tiny bit less weed and maybe one day you 'll be able to see how you 're making an idiot out of yourself . 
  no surnames were found for my name :d there 's 27 of us . 
  children play around her home as well and yet she poops inside her own house every day . 
  can you imagine !, 
  haah , used to live in v\u00e4ike-\u00d5ism\u00e4e and loved it as a kid !, 
  i can see my old house and my kindergarten in that picture . 
  our friends used to make 3 or 4 circles around the place looking for the right building :d however , the pond in the middle was a death trap as several people ( including children ) drowned in it during a number of years . 
  this is the only disrict in tallinn that was designed to accomodate all services , living spaces and jobs within itself . 
  the only two things that were not built were a cinema and a theatre . 
  the plan was grand , but even then unrealistic as people still tended to work outside the district . 
  depends on the `` khrushchyovka '' , but some of them are making a comeback as all the new buildings offer things that i and many other people do n't want . 
  for example - open plan kitchens with no way to divide kitchen from the living room ( i have two kids and a large dog - i frequently need to keep them away from the kitchen ) , no actual seperate space between the entrance and living/dining area ( a must in our muddy climate ) , awful sound barrier between neighbors , no hallways meaning that the living room has 5 doors and nobody has any privacy in their rooms . 
  there is an actual demand for these characteristics that the newer buildings do n't meet . 
   they are cold because all the pipes are ancient and rusty and extremely inefficient . 
  we pay a lot for almost no heating . 
  well , i live in a `` commie block '' in estonia , which is far northern than romania . 
  the pipes have been replaced ( the owners of the apartements in each building form cooperatives and renovate their buildings ) and although many buildings have been fully insulated , ours has n't been yet . 
  still the temperature in my apartement does n't drop below 24 degrees celsius ( even if it 's -28 degrees outside ) . 
  so , that 's the thing !, 
  if i had bought a similarily sized ( ca 100 m2 apartement in the same district , but in a new building , the loan + heating + maintenance ect bill would be far larger than it is today . 
  my quality of life would n't have been any better ( used to rent in a new apartment house - had a whole other set of problems ) . 
  is the real problem then in the central system under ground ? 
  and in estonia ( please-please-please no polandballs ) . 
  with retrievers i 'd be a little more careful . 
  1 km should not be a problem . 
  still , i 'd bring the speed down a bit . 
  in that way you can train the puppy to wait/follow you and teach him that you will not follow him . 
  changing pace and direction is a great and very mild way to do that . 
  the more you show him that watching you is the most important thing , the easier it is to walk with him later . 
  bring the pace down , stop for breaks , let him run around while you sit down ( a simple way to see if he might be tired after all ) . 
  giving your dog the means to be able to decide for himself is the greatest gift . 
  i feel as if it does n't matter what my answer to this is ... nobody believes me :'(, 
  what !?!?!? 
  i had no idea !, 
  my sister visited romania a few months ago , but apparently visited the tourist traps and nothing else . 
  i had no idea about this . 
  she described bukarest as one of the most interesting places she 's been . 
  first of all - i agree !, 
  you need a proffessional to teach you . 
  there are many problems starting with lack of exercise and ending with aggression . 
  i 'd say that the barking is the least of your problems . 
  now , the thing is that exercise consists of two parts - physical and mental . 
  it 's rather easy to take the dogs for a walk ( one dog at a time , once a day at least 1 hour , the other walks can be short ) , but their minds need exercise as well . 
  as the outside world is intimidating for at least one of the dogs , you need to exercise them mentally it in your own home . 
  how food-motivated are they ? 
  the base of most training is the fact that you own food . 
  the dogs have to earn food from you . 
  remember to practice these things with one dog at a time . 
  you can replace any of these words with what suits you best . 
  take some treats ( or kibble ) . 
  put one piece in your right hand . 
  let the dog concentrate on your right hand . 
  show the dog that you have the treat and say wait .
