  english is more widespread as it is a very simple language to learn . 
  most of the other european languages are far more complex and require more time and dedication . 
  i would also argue about french , german , spanish and italian people not speaking english . 
  i have never encountered negativety about that , but what i 've heard from my american friends , is that it depends on the accent . 
  variations of american accent might be frown upon . 
  that does n't mean that the french do n't want to speak english . 
  they might not want to speak american english . 
  i 'm not defending them , just noting the nuance . 
  entertainment is not the same as media . 
  hollywood films are not media . 
  edit : in case i was n't clear - everything on tv and radio must be translated . 
  the films , the foreign tv shows ect . 
  it 's the law . 
  everything in the movies everything has translation . 
  considering the entertainment industry - english simply sticks , but you have a choice . 
  there is always translation . 
  even if you choose to consider everything on tv media ( it 's a media outlet , everything on it is not media ) , there is no pressure learning any foreign languages begause of that . 
  i get that my post will be deleted and i will get a ban from this sub ( despite the freedom of speech ) , but before that happens i hope that at least one of you reads my post and at least tries to ... well , think a bit further . 
  i am a woman , several of my friends have had abortions , i 've gone to the clinics with them , supported them , told them that it 's really going to be ok . 
  i am pro-choice , but ... 
  am i missing something important about the law ??? 
  how the hell is 27 weeks the line in us , but in europe many children are born on week 24 and survive ?!?!, 
  an infant born on week 27 does n't survive on it 's own either . 
  it needs immediate medical attention in order to survive and in order to develop further . 
  being pro-choice , i truly belive that drawing the line after week 12 is absolutely adequate if there are exceptions left in case the fetus has serious development problems . 
  what kind of education system does the us have if there is such a necessity for abortions after week 12 ? 
  what are your sex-ed classes good for if such a vast number of pregnancys are undetected before week 12 or so many girls and women know about the unwanted pregnancy and decide to abort it later and not sooner ?!, 
  the later the abortion is carried out , the riskier it is for the mother . 
  how is this not acknowledged ? 
  you are comparing the 12-week ban with other states . 
  what about the rest of the world ? 
  at one point you have to accept that reclessness , stupidity and ignorance can not be tolerated and do n't deserve freedom . 
  with freedom comes responsibility , especially if it involves other lives . 
  it is not ok to do harm in the name of freedom . 
  yes , i too have been recless ( actually an idiot ) and just been lucky . 
  i own up to it . 
  after these incidents i took the sos-pill and started taking pregnancy tests as the sex-ed classes had taught me that being an idiot does not exempt one from the consequences and responcibility . 
  maybe the us should start with implementing a true , informative and mandatory sex-ed program for everybody and not let the religious groups advocate some shit . 
  it 's exactly what i 'm talking about - sex-ed . 
  and this is ok , but what about the minority ? 
  are these girls and women not aware of what causes pregnancy ? 
  this is just horrible !, 
  i 'm sorry , but wtf is going on with the republicans ? 
  they talk about more freedom in every other field , but when it comes to the health of women - nothing . 
  what are they hoping for ? 
  that if it 's difficult to get an abortion , the woman will happily give birth to an unwanted child and raise him/her despite the possible shithole her own life might be in ? 
  i know that as a european i 'm not totally objective . 
  well - being used to the free health care . 
  still , how come it 's ok for you to have state/government-provided free police and free firefighters , but state-provided free health care is the devil , socialism ect ? 
  i think i understand why at the moment as the whole system is that bad , an extension to the 12-week ban is needed , but still - 27 weeks ??? 
  come on !? 
  as i said , babies born on week 24 survive and some are completely healthy later in life . 
  how is it ok to abort them after 24 weeks ? 
  i never said that i oppose that . 
  i have 2 children myself . 
  i 'll explane you briefly how it 's solved in most of europe , but specificly in estonia . 
  the standard procedure is that all girls and women register their pregnancies before week 12 . 
  local financial aid ( that absolutely everybody receives ) depends on that . 
  if you register your pregnancy before week 12 , you will receive that aid , if not , you wo n't . 
  the number of pregnancies not registered before week 12 is truly very tiny . 
  belive me , the human body works pretty much the same on both continents . 
  up until the end of week 12 it 's possible to abort the pregnancy without any medical reasons . 
  most doctors perform ultrasound , blood and urine tests ect before week 12 as well , but the ultrasound during week 13 is mandatory for everybody . 
  this determines some risks . 
  during week 15 additional blood-tests ( here called the triple-test ) are done . 
  these combined with the week 12 ultrasound determine if it 's necessary to take a dna test on week 18 . 
  as there are risks involved , an additional ultrasound is done before that and the doctor then decides if there is any risk of a severely unhealthy baby or not . 
  after that up until week 24 another ultrasound ( called infant anatomy ) is done and that is really the most important one as by then it 's 99,9 % clear if the baby has serious abnormalities . 
  up until week 24 it 's possible to abort the pregnancy due to medical reasons ( that means problems with the baby or the mother ) . 
  of course all these and all other blood and urine tests , health checks are free . 
  i wrote it in another reply , but how is this possible , that in europe the % of women that do n't get to the doctor before week 12 is paltry , but in the us it seems to be such an issue ? 
  there is something seriously wrong with the whole system in the us and the ones that suffer are women and unborn children . 
  this is exactly what sex-ed teaches in estonia . 
  if you 're having sex and you would deffinately abort the pregnancy , you need to test yourself once in 2-3 months . 
  if you do n't have regular periods ( i had my period once a year before my first child ) , you have to take extra care . 
  it 's not an excuse !!!, 
  human body is not that different in the us . 
  you can apply that regret factor to any period of time . 
  that 's why there is counceling , that 's why it is taught from an early age to detect pregnancy early . 
  well , reddit is usually so very proud of the freedom of speech . 
  no worries . 
  i actually expected a far worse response :d, 
  the thing is that it 's really unexeptable that the us has it covered when it comes to so many other fields , but healthcare - wtf ?!? 
  why is this less important than police forces and firefighters ? 
  why is educating children a taboo in many groups and the government allows clueless parents to raise their children ignorant ? 
  each next generation is supposed to be smarter , have better access to more true information . 
  you do understand that it was irony ? 
  you do understand that i 'm not american and do n't give crap about your constitution . 
  btw , yes , it is possible in europe to go to prison for reddit comments . 
  in fact it has happened in many countries for extreme manifests about jews and i 'm fairly sure that this would also happen in the us if anybody felt that the comment incited violence against some group of people or one specific one . 
  the medical professionals in europe have decided that the limit for abortion in case of non-medical reasons is 12 weeks and in case of medical reasons 24 weeks . 
  it has been suggested by the medical community and turned into a law by the parliaments . 
  it 's also about the principles that the americans carry regarding abortion and personal rights . 
  instead of forcing your local politics and congress to solve the shitty situation about inadequate sex-ed , inaccessible abortions and health care in general , you are cheering that it is possible to abort a pregnancy ( and i do n't mean for medical reasons ) after the fetus has grown significantly , the abortion has become a serious risk to the mothers health and the fetus might very likely survive if born alive at that time . 
  do n't you see where the problem is ? 
  you do n't get what you pay for . 
  this is not freedom for women . 
  it should n't be a right to do more harm than necessary and while i agree that today , ( due to the inaccessibility of abortions ) it might be necessary for the limit to be at 24 weeks , at the level of economics , medicine , social capability ect that the us is today , there is no reason why it should remain at that . 
  other , and much poorer countries are able to do that . 
  why ca n't you ?!,
