  saves the customers time and money . 
  edit : changed `` you '' to `` they '' for clarification, 
  well , the thing is that the difference between professional welding and shitty welding at that specific spot is not that large in case of an accident . 
  it is a major deficit . 
  as i can see from your other comments , you have a hard time beliving that the car is dangerous , but please consider the fact that even if you had n't cut and welded the frame , cold metal bending is in no way acceptable in this case . 
  the frame will shatter . 
  this car should not be on the road and in europe it could n't pass inspection ( yes , i understand that you do n't live in europe ) . 
  the flaws seem minor to you , but are crucial . 
  it could have been salvaged using proper technique , but not this way . 
  nor do cats cry in pain . 
  they do cry due to eye irritation , allergies and in case the tear ducts are clogged . 
  in this case it could have been the last two . 
  it 's always worth to tell these people that feeding bread to seabirds is extremely bad for their health . 
  they die from liver failure . 
  it 's not like it can happen . 
  it will happen . 
  feeding migranting birds with anything during the time that they are up north and there is no ice and snow covering their food sources makes them not migrate and die from cold during the colder months . 
  i live in tallinn ( estonia ) and each winter we have a hughe problem with swans that do n't fly south and get stuck in the freezing sea , because some idiots decided to feed them with bread from +5 degrees ( celsius , of course ) . 
  our most famous park has lost swans and many ducks due to liver failure caused by bread . 
  these people are doing a lot of harm and no good !, 
  in addition they are training the birds to live further from the sea where there are no natural food sources available . 
  that 's why we have seagulls permanently living 20 km from the sea and never flying further than a km from their nests . 
  edit : added the last paragraph . 
  for years lived in a home full of solid wood items . 
  moved and bought almost everything high gloss white from ikea ( mdf or particle board as it is pointless to fully cover wood and impossible to get the same level of perfection using it ) . 
  have been living in my high gloss home for 5 years and absolutely nothing has been chipped or dented . 
  everything looks brand new and belive me , my two kids have tried to destroy each and every part of it . 
  that could n't be said about the all-wood look my previous home had and i did n't have kids then . 
  everything looked old , shitty and used after a year . 
  therefore i disagree and say that if you want something that lasts the test of kids , buy ikea high gloss . 
  if there is a chance of kids running around in that house , open back would be an awful idea . 
  then again , i agree that the back seems a bit bland . 
  i personally would have painted it white or some contrasting darker colour or installed a glass railing and built an open back bookcase . 
  lots of babies are born with the umbilical cord around their necks . 
  it 's generally not any kind of emergency and the birth is treated as a normal one . 
  if your first baby 's birth was a complicated one , the reason might have been that the cord somehow become additionally tangled and too tight . 
  most doctors do n't even inform the parents that the cord is around the baby 's neck as it might cause unnecessary panic . 
  you 'd still need a co-driver https://youtu.be/3mhzorpwrus?t=8, 
  i do n't want to understate the contribution of these people in any way , but felt the need to point out that no one went there voluntarily . 
  ussr picked people from it 's soviet republics and forced them to go . 
  for example from estonia alone 4833 men ( 20-39 years old ) where sent there . 
  many of the people had no clue whatsoever that this `` mission '' was going to be somehow dangerous . 
  they were lied to and in order for you to understand why they did not suspect anything ... 
  there was no free media , even the ukranians did n't know exactly what had happened . 
  whenever there was ( is ) a catastrophe in the ussr ( russia ) , the so-called media always belittles the impact , delays the news and avoids asking any help ( khm - [ kursk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russian_submarine_kursk_\\ ( k-141 \\ ) #naval _ exercise_and_disaster ) - khm ) . 
  few had somehow got the word that the `` emergency '' was actually more like a disaster . 
  those , who knew that and had any contacts in the system , used them and did everything to avoid going . 
  85 % of the men remained there 3-4 months although it was promised that no one should be in the area more than two months ( well , the ussr lied a lot ) . 
  the main protective gear was cottonwool mask . 
  iodine was given to 30-40 % of the men and with such a delay , that it was useless . 
  altogether there were 600 000 `` liquidators '' . 
  50 people died shortly after the catastrophe and it has been estimated that another 4000 lives have been/are shortened due to the radiation . 
  in addition during the 3 years following the accident 1800 cases of thyroid cancer among children was discovered . 
  reports claim that absolutely everyone survived the cancer , but still - not a walk in the park kind of disease . 
  what we can learn from this is that many lives could have been spared if the plant had been in a more developed and less who-gives-a-fuck-about-human-loss country than the ussr . 
  or ... probably had n't happened at all . 
  the people that were sent to chernobyl are heroes , yes ... but most became that due to the terror of ussr . 
  edit : fixed wording . 
  i totally agree with you . 
  btw there is an old russian plant near estonian ( and finnish ) border and all of the countries in this region are constantly monitoring the s *** hole called \u041b\u0435\u043d\u0438\u043d\u0433\u0440\u0430\u0434\u0441\u043a\u0430\u044f \u0410\u042d\u0421 ( leningrad nuclear power plant ) . 
  it 's reactors are the same as chernobyl 1 and 2 . 
  there has been [ some action ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/leningrad_nuclear_power_plant#incidents_and_accidents ) previously that makes us feel a bit uneasy . 
  the reactors should have been stopped in 2010 , but the russians decided to take a gamble . 
  after all , there is nothing at stake here , is there ?!, 
  in 2012 they decreased the output of the plant by 80 % due to safety measurements . 
  that sentence does n't mean that it 's now producing 80 % of what it could . 
  nope , it means that the plant is producing ca 20 % of it 's nominal capacity . 
  why ? 
  well , they hope to extend the life of the plant some more . 
  expect some nuclear action in north-eastern europe soon !, 
  my only hope is that when ( not if ) that happens , the wind will remain blowing from the west for ... errr ... a couple of years . 
  edit : added a link, 
  i like the one on grand designs the most . 
  you can watch the whole episode here https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjiy9reqrvy, 
  ps if you 've never seen the show , i highly recommend !, 
  i can not belive it - i have an example of that kind of idiots . 
  in 2007 and 2008 an idiot in tartu , estonia , who was legally blind , used to get drunk and drive first his own and then , after his car being confiscated , his friends cars in traffic ( nope , not on a parking lot ) . 
  he always had friends beside him who guided . 
  as he was stopped by the police , he explained that driving was exciting and booze helped him to be brave enough . 
  i think there were 3-4 episodes , but there might have been more . 
  source : http://www.baltictimes.com/news/articles/18522/, 
  not just italy , but the whole european union . 
  it does n't work between eu countries as eu is pretty much one economic body . 
  still , you can ask some money back going from an eu country to a non-eu country . 
  what ? 
  well , that 's not true !, 
  even in the smallest european countries the media is in the native language . 
  relatively few people use foreign news sources as there is simply no need for that . 
  what 's more - you seem to assume that english media is somehow superior or the source language of all foreign news . 
  that 's not true either as most of europe does n't have english-speking countries as neighbours . 
  even if it was true , then why would it be necessary for students to learn 2 or 3 foreign languages in school and many people learning additional languages later in life ? 
  english is a popular second language mostly because of all the english entertainment available . 
  that 's why kids learn english even before school . 
  it 's the cartoons , later british and american film industries . 
  secondly comes the fact that the majority of new software is english . 
  thirdly - because doing business with the americans , brits , australians ect is impossible without speaking english yourself . 
  they rarely know any other language . 
  granted - the british are slightly better at that and sometimes can at least understand french or german . 
  in most of europe it 's simply considered a sign of illiteracy to be able to speak less than 2 foreign languages . 
  3 is ok and above 4 is very good .
