  i 'm happily married , but if i were n't , by now i would have found several great single guys to hang out with . 
  then again - do n't get a dog just in order to make friends . 
  get a dog to have a friend , 
  it 's finland , not russia . 
  you could ask her what stops her from accepting a second job then . 
  she could work just as much and probably make the same amount or more . 
  google `` kiiking '' and you 'll find a lot more . 
  whoa !, 
  the thermometer 's packaging is estonian . 
  it seems as if the video has been recorded in either tartu university or tt\u00dc . 
  i have a show line golden that swims daily ( long water rescue training sessions + simply fun walks ) . 
  i brush him ca once a week simply to remove loose hair . 
  his coat has n't matted even once . 
  not one golden that i know has a matting issue . 
  golden is a fairly low maintenance dog ... unless it finds shit and rolls in it . 
  edit : if you think that a lab does n't need a good brushing once a week , you 're soooo wrong . 
  the floor would be covered with hair, 
  the thing about furminator ... be extremely careful !, 
  i 've seen golden retrievers that have messed up top coats caused by the damn thing . 
  it tends to damage hair in the top coat . 
  it 's not visible at once , but after some use the hairs start to break . 
  it can be used , but very carefully . 
  there are better rakes available that leave the top coat intact . 
  you do n't seem to know how money works and why art with a name is very often a more reliable investment ( depending on the conditions ofc ) than say real estate . 
  you ca n't consider the art market as retail . 
  it 's more like gold and diamonds . 
  i know the math as well , but still make templates in order to get the piece more accurate if the spot is highly visible . 
  the point of this thingy is to skip the template stage . 
  you missed the point , failed to quote me accurately and reply with demagougery - planks and specks !, 
  please feel free to find the misquote you based your statements on . 
  yep !, 
  and what words did you leave out the first time ? 
  the fact is that there are situations where a monet piece is far better investment than real estate . 
  the worth of 1 usd is just as relative as the worth of a painting and the worth of a real estate object . 
  there is no difference . 
  the fact that size of the seperate markets differs , does n't mean much . 
  you seem to think that investing means quick profit as it is the case with speculating at the stock market . 
  that 's not what art investors do . 
  that 's not how most of the stock market works !, 
  investment is not defined just by dividends and immediate cashflow . 
  there are lots of companies that do n't pay out any dividends ever . 
  yet their stock is a solid investment . 
  real estate cashflow is again not subject to each and every object . 
  additionally real estate , that for some reason is vacant for a long time , usually produces loss , not profit . 
  land in a good spot without any immediate cashflow might be a better investment . 
  you overestimate a quick buck . 
  if you know nothing about art , do n't consider investing in it or at least use some help . 
  still , you ca n't deny that there are lots of successful art investors . 
  one of my best friends is a car investor . 
  he has earned a lot more in the last 20 years than some of our mutual friends that are real estate investors . 
  why ? 
  he knows what he 's doing . 
  these are not some quick flips . 
  he usually buys rare pieces in a good to mint condition , holds on to them , waits for the right collector , sometimes for years . 
  no immediate cashflow . 
  could you do it ? 
  probably not . 
  me neither . 
  still , you ca n't say that car investing is not possible . 
  there 's this saying here . 
  when even the taxi drivers start talking real estate , you know the bubble has arrived . 
  at the moment the market here is hotter than in 2007-2008 ( that was the peak in estonia the last time ) . 
  i saw oh so many real estate investors lose everything and fast . 
  some have still not recovered . 
  it 's just as bad at the moment . 
  i 'll give it 1-2 years and it 'll crash again . 
  it 's a really bad time to invest in real estate in estonia at the moment ( again , with some exceptions ) . 
  so , as i said , in the long run a piece of art might be a better investment than a real estate object . 
  edit : i 'm going to sleep now as it 's past midnight . 
  nope , it 's mv blue marlin http://twistedsifter.com/2012/04/blue-marlin-giant-ship-that-ships-other-ships/, 
  in estonia , for example , sex , marital status , race , residence and education do not matter when applying for a loan . 
  that is when you tick all the boxes below . 
  what the bank looks at ? 
  * 6 months worth of signed bank records ( if you have other accounts ) to determine income , usual spendings , other loans, 
  * criminal past, 
  * the size of the household and no of people that do n't have any income ( children ), 
  if the sum is rather large compared to the income-spendings , they ask further questions , but sex and race are not an issue . 
  marital status matters when the final documents are drawn up and only if spouses/partners apply for the loan together . 
  existing credit cards are considered as loans and sets the max limit of a new loan lower . 
  the rest of the list of the benefits of using credit cards - absolutely none apply here . 
  edited wording . 
  same in estonia . 
  for ca 10 years we do n't need actual credit cards for internet shopping abroad ( where paypal and similar services are not available ) either . 
  several banks offer virtual credit cards . 
  you can set the limit , change it , delete the virtual card as soon as the purchase has been made . 
  my bank offers a single card that acts like a credit card for the shopkeeper , but acts like a debet card for me . 
  that 's just `` the more you spend , the more you gain '' marketing hook . 
  it does n't differ from `` you need 1 , but buy 2 and we 'll give you 3 '' . 
  have you ever thought about why you ca n't have these cash back systems with debit cards ? 
  well , the banks are interested in people using only credit cards . 
  they want the interest , but there 's none to gain with debit cards . 
  the fact that you are paying everything back on time does n't mean that others are always able to ( medical expenses , accidents ect ) . 
  their debt hell is what pays for your rewards . 
  and in estonia - k\u00fclmaelement . 
  yes !, 
  enough to keep beers cold from 16:00 to 13:00 the next day - 21 hours and ca 8 hours in direct sunlight ( forgot one of the boxes outside on the lawn ) . 
  why heavy ? 
  as the elements do n't melt as fast as ice , you do n't need as much . 
  if i do n't have enough elements ( for a party , for example ) , i 've used plastic bottles instead . 
  you fill them with water , squirt out a bit ( you want it to be like a bit flat cilinder ) freeze this and use it like a cooling element .
