  if it tries to take it , close your palm and hold your finger up as a sign . 
  after the dog calms down , show him the treat again and repeat it until the dog waits at least 2 seconds . 
  then say take and let the dog eat the treat . 
  do n't expect much patience at first . 
  the purpose is to let the dog understand what wait means . 
  that can be useful learning to be silent and wait in the cage , wait for food ect . 
  take is important so that the dog understands that he is under command and is realeased only after you say so . 
  try this with soft food as well . 
  hold some canned food in your closed hand and order the dog to wait . 
  if it does so , squeeze some food out saying take and let him lick the food . 
  once in a while tell him to wait and stop squeezing . 
  when wait and take are clear , start practicing with a non-favourite toy . 
  a rope is really good for that . 
  keep treats nearby and start practicing taking away the toy . 
  how ? 
  take a treat in your left hand , approach the dog and holding the treat offer a switch telling him thanks . 
  if the switch goes well , approach the dog with a treat in your pocket , hold the rope from both ends , say thanks and offer the dog a treat . 
  if the dog is not ok switching , offer better/larger treats or start with something less interesting than a rope . 
  normally i would recommend teaching the dog to give away objects by putting your index fingers behind the object inside the dogs mouth , but as at least one of them has agression problems it might be better to leave this for the future . 
  your dog max seems to show food related agression . 
  the exercises above are just babysteps in overcoming that . 
  i would seriously suggest you to start feeding your dogs from hand in order to show them who controls food . 
  if you want to give your dogs bones , let them wait and then give the take command . 
  as switching treats for toys becomes easier , you can start switching treats for bones . 
  do n't leave him hanging and give the bone back as you see that the dog has eaten the treat . 
  always use wait and take commands . 
  these exercises are something that you should first teach your dogs and then let them do these with your family members and boyfriend . 
  the ability to trust your boyfriend and give him the toy should reduce some problems . 
  if you are not always able to feed the dogs from hand , you can also use toys that can be filled with canned food and then frozen ( kong toys ) . 
  if your boyfriend arrives to your place , give the dog a kong toy filled with yummy food . 
  it may help . 
  this !, 
  a 16 week old puppy needs 3 feeding times that should be no more than 10 hours apart . 
  the pup is just hungry . 
  it 's totally fine to feed the puppy , go for a 15 minute walk ( moving at a faster pace helps the puppy poop ) and then tuck him in for the night . 
  it 's like with human babies - eating right before bedtime is absolutely ok . 
  it 's not and adult human trying to lose weight that the op is dealing with , 
  edit : inserted explanation, 
  if anybody wants to make a similar thing for themselves , you might want to check out if any of the parts in old baby cribs like [ this one ] ( http://denverorganicmattress.com/images/radiuscrib.gif ) fit your doorway . 
  the cribs are often given away for free and the parts are totally useable . 
  you 're mixing things up a bit . 
  teaching your dog to hunt for treats does not mean leaving a bunch of treats around . 
  te point should be mental stimulation and it should be done in a controlled situation under your orders . 
  for example making a trail of saucers leaving treats under some of them and teaching your dog to find the ones with food under them . 
  he should be allowed to eat the treat only after you give the permission . 
  all is not lost , but you ca n't turn back time . 
  you have to keep in mind that most retrievers are constantly hungry . 
  please forget the shock collar and mouse traps . 
  you would simply be punishing your dog for something that you teached him to do . 
  that 's as wrong as can get . 
  instead teach your dog two orders - wait and take . 
  i 'll copy-paste my own instructions from another post :, 
  you can replace these order words with what suits you best . 
  take some treats ( or kibble ) . 
  put one piece in your right hand . 
  let the dog concentrate on your right hand . 
  show the dog that you have the treat and say wait . 
  if it tries to take it , close your palm and hold your finger up as a sign . 
  after the dog calms down , show him the treat again and repeat it until the dog waits at least 2 seconds . 
  then say take and let the dog eat the treat . 
  do n't expect much patience at first . 
  the purpose is to let the dog understand what wait means . 
  take is important so that the dog understands that he is under command and is realeased only after you say so . 
  try this with soft food as well . 
  hold some canned food in your closed hand and order the dog to wait . 
  if it does so , squeeze some food out saying take and let him lick the food . 
  once in a while tell him to wait and stop squeezing . 
  by practicing it consistently , your dog learns to hold himself back when it comes to food . 
  at the same time look for mental stimulation exercises involving treats . 
  the one with saucers is good , but youtube is full of other good ideas . 
  the point is that all these exercises should be done under your control . 
  if you want some fun for your dog while you 're not around , find special toys that are meant for that ( kong toys , puzzles ) . 
  never leave any food around or shit in the toilet !, 
  you have to aknowledge what kind of breed you have at home and not fool yourself . 
  retrievers live to eat . 
  it 's what they love the most in life . 
  do n't punish him for that . 
  instead avoid situations where it might be a problem . 
  if your roommates do n't understand this , you can buy shock collars and mouse traps for them . 
  thank you for the clarification . 
  to tell you the truth - i 'd move with the dog . 
  if you ca n't trust your roommates , it 's bound to end badly as it is an unrealistic expectation that your dog smells some chicken bones on a plate left on the coffe table for 8 hours while you 're away and does n't react to it . 
  you ca n't fill your whole home with mouse traps . 
  dogs are opportunistic and even if he learns that eating from the bin ends with pain ... 
  he will not associate this with eating from a random plate . 
  edit : spelling, 
  i 'm just finding it very hard to imagine the traps working . 
  your dog is not an idiot and will soon pick up where the traps are and how to avoid them . 
  plus mouse traps can really do some damage . 
  most of them are designed to break the mouse 's neck . 
  i do n't know how much you 're willing to invest , but there are garbage bins that are more difficult for dogs to open . 
  there are sort of railings that prevent children and dogs from grabing stuff from the counters , there are toilet systems that close the lid after the person has stood up . 
  maby these might help , but still ... there 's the coffee table that you ca n't control . 
  edit : one more thing . 
  i do n't know the situation of the people you live with , but does n't manipulating with goods work ? 
  i mean just like with children . 
  left your shit in the toilet - no tv for you !, 
  left food on the table - no computer time for you ect . 
  i think that there is a lot of money at stake on both sides and that makes people lie , manipulate , bend the truth ect . 
  the things presented to us are rarely 100 % true .
