you do n't have to outrun the bear . 
  you just need to outrun your friend !, 
  the thing is ... 
  if you had seen your parents ' naked bodies and not just once , but up until say seven years of age , you probably would n't think of it as a wierd thing and there would be no false shame . 
  it 's more common in northern and north-eastern europe to go to sauna naked with the whole family . 
  from what i 've heard it seems that north america is very conservative considering anything related to naked bodies and children . 
  as i used to be a swimmer ( and here in estonia most swimming pools have gender specific showers without any partition walls ) , i did n't have a choice and showering naked in front of 20 naked women was simply a fact . 
  then again i think that this boosted my confidence as a teenager . 
  i learned that there are very few women with `` perfect '' bodies and most of us have some flaws . 
  ergo - most men must have just as imperfect bodies as women !, 
  i suddenly realised that i had absolutely nothing to stress about . 
  the fact that one of my breasts was a bit larger than the other or that i had a quivering ass did not matter at all . 
  my husband has a similar bacground and used to shower after football ( soccer to you ) practice with 20 naked dudes . 
  so , because of that environment and the fact that my husband also knows what the average female body looks like , we do n't feel uncomfortable being naked in front of each other . 
  i truly belive that if we lived in a place where only perfectly filled breasts , butts and six-packs were exposed , neither of us would be as chill walking around at home naked and that would n't be a bad thing either . 
  if the marriage is happy and full of love then hell - do n't undress at all or go naked all the time !, 
  other people should not have a say in that , 
  oh and about the part of you considering yourself conservative ... a formerly religious friend of mine used to be extremely conservative and i really could n't imagine her finding a husband outside her church ( estonia is considered the least religious country in the world and that limited her options ) . 
  well , today she is 32 years old , married and expecting her first child , but what 's more - she married to a man from another church and today they are flaming atheists and nudists !!!, 
  that 's far too extreme for me . 
  so , be warned ( take it as a joke ) - you too may one day become a nudist :d, 
  edit : typo, 
  you are right , probably there is a limit and it depends on both the child and the level of nudity that the parents are showing . 
  i think that it has something to do with age as well , because children tend to start feeling ashamed of their changing bodies near puberty . 
  one should n't force his/her nudity upon others either way and that i agree on . 
  i assume it 's because of the showers :d i 'll tell you more !, 
  recently one of estonia 's newest very family-friendly waterpark started hosting 18 + parties called something in the lines of [ `` sinned paradise '' ] ( http://naine24.postimees.ee/3359875/ainult-taiskasvanutele-patuparadiis-viimsis ) the dresscode is `` less is more '' and there are public saunas for naked men and women to enjoy together . 
  so , yeah - maby instead of upvoting you should come and see for yourself . 
  ok , then maybe you will not become a nudist . 
  still , i can only hope that either it does not affect your own life and marriage or that whatever is the cause of it , you will find it and be able to solve it  please accept one internet hug !, 
  edit : stupid grammar, 
  they did it on the couch , i 'm sure of it , 
  well , that would concern me as a mother . 
  have you grown out of it ? 
  that does n't mean you ca n't visit that waterpark ( already gained a name `` spermpark '' ) :d, 
  you are probably my long lost relative or smth . 
  we 'll see if i spot anyone named dancingkumquats the next time i will be introduced to some never before seen relatives from toronto , boston or florida  i hope you make it here before you learn to speak estonian well enough for the british stag parties to start asking you abouth the twelve months joke , 
  well , do n't you dare to think that life is any easier for a straight woman having a male business partner . 
  we are both married and have children . 
  our spouses are good friends and our families hang out ca once each month . 
  as we were both out of work , we decided to create a business together . 
  we usually go to meetings together and somehow that raises eyebrows . 
  i 've become extremely disappointed in people , because now i can see that most probably cheat on their partners . 
  95 % belive that we are cheating with each other . 
  it really shows , is so disrespectful and embarrassing . 
  once we were out of town for work and the people we were working for needed to book two hotel rooms . 
  but of course they booked one room with a king size bed and gave both our names to the receptionist . 
  it was no mistake . 
  i slept on the floor ( hate hotel beds anyways ) and tried to explane in the morning that we needed two rooms instead . 
  should have taken a photo of the stunned faces . 
  once only my colleague was hired to do the job ( you could n't actually seperate us as we do different tasks ) as it 's apparently so clear that men and women were unable to work together and ok for men with a wife and kids to cheat , but not ok for women to do so . 
  explaining that nobody was cheating on anybody did not help . 
  they simply assumed that he was doing something normal , but i should be ashamed for myself . 
  it really ticks me off . 
  my husband finds it funny and so does my colleague 's wife ( one of my best friends ) , but it gets on my nerves as i 'm considered a slut all the times . 
  edit : added some words to clarify . 
  you clearly have n't read the reviews . 
  let me help you to [ some giggles ] ( http://www.amazon.com/review/r1lf7vhd9nf8gi/ref=cm_cr_dp_title?ie=utf8&amp;asin=b005mr3ivo&amp;channel=detail-glance&amp;nodeid=3760901&amp;store=hpc ) !, 
  ps this is just the first one i remembered clearly . 
  there are others - so many others ... 
  i 'm not offended if a stranger on the internet gives me such a high title  been too long on reddit for it to sound as a compliment . 
  did n't want to link the actual time of the plane reaching the eye as you really have to watch the whole thing to fully appreciate the difference . 
  just pointing it out that then you 'd have to weld the middle line after the sack has been turned inside out . 
  have used several smaller versions of this system and to be honest - it only works with specific plants . 
  you have to choose plants considering the exact depth where the drainage point is . 
  even then you ca n't expect it to work when the plant is not fully grown . 
  this makes the system pointless in case you want to grow the plants from seeds . 
  as i already had the containers , i tried to make it work for 4 years and always got to the point where some plants with roots going way deeper or never reaching the point , where the water is , needed to be watered from the top . 
  last year i finally gave up and built wooden containers with a mesh lining in the bottom , plastic lining covering the whole of the inside ( poked some holes in the bottom ) and wheels underneath . 
  as the conteiners are situated on a tiled surface , i added shallow plastic container pans that do n't let the water ruin the tiles . 
  i grow strawberries in these containers and must say , that thanks to the proper watering and wheels i have managed to double the harvest . 
  i turn the containers frequently and this seems to stimulate the plants to produce more strawberries . 
  it also makes it easy to shelter the plants from heavy rain , winds and hail storm - simply push the containers under some shelter . 
  i really advise to try this instead of messing with watering from below . 
  it only works if you choose the `` correct '' plants . 
  edit : http://imgur.com/a/bhnti added 2 photos taken with a potato , unfortunately did n't take a photo of the mesh stapled under the garbage bags . 
  i plan to replicate the containers in my country house , but then make the containers larger and pick industrial sized wheels for easyer maneuvering . 
  well , that was deffinately not the case as i have always grown my strawberries in the same peat-soil mixture sold in plantations and meant for containers . 
  the thing is that some of the containers ( and the drainage point ) were too deep for most strawberry species ( probably not the right word ) that tend not to grow their roots as deep as other species . 
  the others were too shallow ( roots constantly in water ) . 
  tried growing cucumber and tomatoes as well ( again special soil from plantation ) - neither liked the conditions . 
  the containers worked with flowers though . 
  have used the same soil in the country yard ( dug a hole , lined with weed-block ( also blocks some smaller pests ) and in the new containers - everything grows like crazy . 
  edit : grammar, 
  i 'll try to explane it better . 
  the spot where i grow stuff is faced straight to south . 
  even with the tomato soil that consists mostly of peat did not get moist at the top . 
  it was always 25 cm dry soil and then 20 cm moist soil the drainage point was ca 30 cm from the top . 
  can not go higher than 95 % peat :d maybe it would have worked had i insulated the containers from the outside so that the sun could n't have had a chance to dry it all up , but then again - the containers that i have now , do n't need any extra insulation . 
  oh , and what i also tried one year was some sort of special blanket that i was advised to try ( i cut some thin strips and inserted it into the soil - was supposed to suck moisture from below and bring it up ) . 
  worked so much that it was dry at the top and started growing mold in the bottom . 
  the more i hear about mass murders in schools , it seems to me that one of the most dangerous things in us besides driving a car , smoking , eating unhealthy and not exercising is going to school . 
  it must be a distortion of reality , but that 's what we get from media . 
  i 'll just give you one reason why for a period of time i only ate well done . 
  during both of my pregnancys i threw up 10-12 times a day from the 5-th week till the end . 
  spent a lot of time in and out of hospitals as well . 
  during that time i really could not manage eating anything but very well done meat and fresh veggies . 
  whenever i managed to pick myself up just enough to go out to `` eat '' i was always met with really bad attitude from the staff . 
  each time i would try to explane my condition but usually it just meant that i received a rather burnt stake . 
  it 's ok if it 's just a joke , but if the staff takes it personally , they should put a sign on their window that lists the kind of people they do n't serve .
