  he 's such a sweet puppy , loves us dearly and we love him to the moon and back . 
   often people make a mistake or do n't choose the best breeders with their first dog . 
  i did n't know any better the first time i bought a dog , but by the time i got my second and contacted that breeder , it was very different . 
  really excellent in so many ways . 
  you live and learn . 
  the thing is - i tried to pick the best one . 
  she 's still spoken about as a very good breeder . 
  i 've pointed out that she knew about the healt issues even before breeding and it does n't seem to turn any heads . 
  she has males that everybody wants as they are the champions . 
  and those everybody just keep their mouths shut . 
  i ordered the ichthyosis test for my dog and after receiving the results , posted them to 3 different databases ( one local , 2 international ) . 
  who ever wants to will get to the info . 
  i refuse to just sit on this and do nothing . 
  only after i faced some other puppy owners did they admit that oh , yeah , they are havng some major issues themselves . 
  so sad ... 
  i home goldens lose their popularity and then only the good breeders remain/emerge . 
  [ here you go !, 
  ] ( http://ocsotc.org/wp-content/uploads/worldmap/worldmap.html ), 
  actually alcohol is used to strech leather shoes , for example . 
  i 've tried - works like a charm !, 
  you need to dampen a pair of socks in alcohol , put them on and then put the slightly small shoes on . 
  the alcohol helps leather strech , but avoids it changing color and turning hard . 
   you do n't think that there are people out there who are shitty to their kids without realizing it , and this lpt could help them ? 
  not replying to the question with a question does n't make parents shitty . 
  no , this lpt wo n't turn any shitty parents not shitty . 
  no , it 's not a great chart as it does n't include any natural sources of greenhouse gases . 
  it is a problem as it rips a piece out of context . 
  actually , no !, 
  well , at least not in europe , where this video is from . 
  washing berries helps them start rotting . 
  and that is the reason why several european countries are experimenting with citizen wage . 
   i understand some people are more grease-prone than others but over-washing can cause more oil to be produced than needed , break the cycle if at all possible !, 
  you might have greasy hair for a week or so but the scalp will regulate itself rather quickly !, 
  well , i 've tried that ca 5-6 times in my life ( when i was younger , in the summer , recently while being sick for a long period of time ) . 
  during a 2 month period of washing only once a week absolutely nothing changed . 
  i 've heard the same from other people as well . 
  sometimes it simply is n't possible . 
  i 'd say there 's a pretty good chance that the crows will soon resort to stealing . 
  the falcon is tied to the post . 
  there 's nothing natural about it 's behaviour . 
   i am also wary of learning languages used by very small populations , since their range of usefulness is limited . 
  not much of an intellectual , are you ? 
  there is no such thing as wasting your time learning any language , but considering what else you 've written ... probably pointless to try and convince you . 
  what ? 
  super high end ??? 
  it must be a regional thing . 
  in estonia , finland , sweden , latvia ect most kitchens are done with integrated appliances . 
  that 's why i 'm always watching the american renos and wondering why the hell do you buy non-integrated appliances . 
  i do n't get it . 
  why would someone demand him being fired as it 's clearly a mistake and the students are not some fragile toddlers ( even then i would n't demand anything more than him explaining the children what they just saw ) . 
  yes , i 'm a mother of two ( 7 and 5 ) . 
  yes , they 've seen naked people . 
  yes , they know where babies come from . 
  what the hell , usa ?!? 
  what kind of a country full of control freaks is this ?!? 
  about the breed thing https://terriermandotcom.blogspot.com.ee/2009/10/pit-bull-rights-verus-pit-bull.html?m=1, 
  i 've found this long article/opinion ( whatever you call it ) to be pretty much true . 
  the problem is that people do n't make themselves clear what they 're getting into while choosing between breeds . 
  the two extremes ( pits are killers vs pits are nanny dogs ) add fuel to the fire and people tend to pick a side instead of facing the truth . 
  every breed is different and each dog is different , but there are some things that you can naturally expect from any given breed in general . 
  with a pit there 's a good chance that you have to put a lot more time in socialising the dog compared to retrievers . 
  ofc , you have to socialise the retriever as well , but it probably ( !!! ), 
  takes less of an effort . 
  when the owner admits that truth , all is well . 
  if he does n't - well , then he may have another example of `` my dog hates other dogs '' on his hands . 
  meanwhile every retriever owner must know that his dog may be that special one in its breed and either due to a very bad experience or due to genetics/illness/whatever reason be afraid or simply hate other dogs . 
  what 's truly bad ? 
  people following either one of these extreme opinions - pits are killers vs pits are nanny dogs . 
  edit : i own a golden retriever an while other golden owners i know are more or less ok , this one person sticks out . 
  his dog is extremely well trained when it comes to following rules , but the problem is that the owner has put all his effort into training the dog to follow orders and zero effort into teaching him how to play with other dogs . 
  the result is an agressive young male golden who has attacked a young female ( unprovoked ) , can not read other dogs and does n't know what playtime is . 
  i agree , it 's not a breed thing - it 's the owner that has managed to create a bully . 
  and to be clear , i like pits . 
  we are currently helping a traumatized pit to adjust again . 
  when i asked the owner why does she insist on socialising his dog with a golden and not a pit , the answer fit the stereotype . 
  she has tried , but the other owners simply do n't limit agression , do n't teach their dogs to play gentle , do n't limit games with valuable objects , simply let the dogs fight . 
  as her dog started to pick up these bad habits , she started to find friends from other breeds and it has helped her dog a lot . 
  she 's a true sweetheart . 
  it does n't mean that they do n't need to socialize . 
  there are just other ways for doing so . 
  they should hire a trainer and not try something like this on their own as it 's dangerous . 
  the trainer can identify the core problem . 
  it may be aggression , but it may as well be that the dog is scared . 
  either way they should understand that they do n't have the knowledge to solve any problems . 
  edit : wanted to make it clear why i feel that this dog should still be socialized . 
  he may get out of its yard or off leash . 
  that dog is dangerous at the moment . 
  socializing does n't mean that he has to play with other dogs , but it means that it has to at least tolerate others around him . 
  kuressaare , to be exact :, 
  doggo seems to be wearing a shock collar , so there 's really no other option . 
  not a teacher , but extremely disturbed by the useless education system ( no , there is no remarkable difference between countries ) . 
  luckily i was able to find a new school in my city that has decided to teach children in a new way . 
  there are several schools in europe that do this , but the whole system outside the small community is still useless . 
  if anyone 's interested what i 'm talking about - https://www.ted.com/talks/ken_robinson_says_schools_kill_creativity, 
  please feel free to look up other videos of sir ken robinson !, 
  the advice i 'm about to give wo n't suite everybody , but here goes - get a dog !, 
  a year ago we decided to get a dog and i have never before in my life found it as easy to make new friends as it is now . 
  puppy-school , different training classes , jogs , dog park ect - there are endless opportunities . 
  dogs have an amazing ability to help relieve stress and loosen up . 
  that 's why i think that most dog owners seem to be approachable and easy going .
