  think of any subject that you are an expert in and how much bs the ( social ) media produces about that subject . 
  you can probably see the connections between the news sources and money when it comes to the fields you 're familiar with . 
  why would you think that it 's any different in other fields . 
  i 've personally read a lot of scientific papers on the subject and it 's not that clear cut as the media presents it to us . 
  the `` 97 % of all scientists '' claim is absolute bs . 
  that alone does n't mean that the deniers are 100 % correct . 
  the main problem is that it 's considered stupid and uncool to challenge the claims of the supporters . 
  now that is truly unscientific . 
  whenever someone tries to point out the serious flaws of research that does n't allow the claims to be definitive , he is targeted by blind believers that have stopped questioning . 
  and that applies to both sides . 
  yet , questioning everything plays the most important part in the curious minds that we should be , but no longer are . 
  i believe ( as there is no definitive proof ) that there are changes happening . 
  we can not predict the severity of the changes and we are not able to pinpoint all of the causes . 
  one of these seems to be human activity , but then again , there are other causes originating from out of space , from the earth itself . 
  the numbers vary a lot depending on where and how the observation has taken place , who finances the research and what ' t the researchers ' bias before starting their work . 
  the media tends to show us poor polar bears fighting for their lives due to melting ice , but fails to point out that the south pole ice breaks maximum records . 
  it 's just called bad public relations . 
  i 'd compare the whole subject with vaccinations . 
  if the supporters ( and i 'm one of them ) would stop lying and stick to the whole truth each time , then the opponents would n't have as much ammunition . 
  the problem is human nature . 
  it 's difficult for us to admit to some flaws . 
  i made a [ sliding version ] ( http://imgur.com/a/loxme ) for my daughter 's room . 
  i must admit - i failed to add a lock at first and our golden soon figured out how to open it :d, 
  wow !, 
  i 'd find an other trainer ... 
  i truly hope that you can find a solution . 
  it 's not the dog 's fault that he has that kind of an urge to eat everythng . 
  i have a golden retriever and believe me - i know the challenges . 
  on the other hand you can see it as a plus . 
  high food motivation makes training with treats super easy . 
  use that to teach your dog things that some dog owners would n't even think about . 
  labs can be amazingly obedient dogs ( with some exceptions in the food department ) . 
  by training obedience your dog gradually learns to control his urges even when it comes to food and even when you 're not around ( it takes a very long time ) . 
  it 's funny what you said about surviving in the nature . 
  i always say that about goldens . 
  they would die in a couple of days in the wild . 
  poisoning or gastrointestinal blockage would be the two most probable causes . 
  i sometimes look at my golden and almost cry thinking about how it 's like to live one 's life feeling constant hunger . 
  [ best wishes from otto !, 
  actually , [ u/whiran ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/whiran ) is right !, 
  the colder it is , the better . 
  why ? 
  because viruses do n't thrive in cold . 
  i feel a lot better in cold than in some humid +5 degrees celsius . 
  the elf was tasty !, 
  hat - not so much ... 
  living just two countries north of lithuania i really doubted you . 
  then i checked ... '' [ the deposit system for one-way packaging was launched in lithuania on 1 february 2016 . 
  ] ( http://grazintiverta.lt/en/#pakuotes ) '' umm , what ? 
  it has been elementary for us as long as i can remember . 
  in estonia - not so much . 
  v\u00e4ike-\u00d5ism\u00e4e was the only district that was planned like that and actually built accordingly . 
  everything else was ... well ... not even close . 
  i live in a commie block ( a hughe brick building , not the classic concrete panel ) today and i do n't complain about the floorplan , i do n't even complain about the layout of the district . 
  what i 'm fed up with is the horrible soviet mentality . 
  people do n't understand , that they own a part of the building , it 's their land and have to take care of it . 
  the environment is simply depressing . 
  i 've been to st petersburg a couple of times and frankly - it 's even more depressing over there . 
  maybe i 'm not cut out for it . 
  i wonder - how many generations does it take to heal all the wounds ... make us forget and forgive ... perhaps some are right about the fact that the commie blocks are a constant reminder of the times we 're not longing back . 
  perhaps there should be a grand plan to demolish them and build some contemporary districts . 
  [ full video ] ( https://youtu.be/pykwic80ntk ) . 
  erm ... what ? 
  where do you transfer the knife ? 
  in estonia and most of europe it 's proper etiquette to keep the knife in your right and fork in your left hand . 
  it 's even taught in kindergartens . 
  just like in most of europe , estonia has also banned cropping and docking . 
  you can import a cropped/docked dog , but the procedures could not be done in estonia ( and no , there are no clinics that might do it for any sort of money ) . 
  people used to have personal protection dogs ca 20 years ago due to the rough times there were in the country , but not any more . 
  due to the climate , dogs that by breed standard are meant to `` guard '' homes and are able to do so , need to have very thick double coats and are not in any danger of being cropped/docked . 
  so no doberman is actually used to guard anything here . 
  there are people who like the look of mutated ears and tails , but they are a minority and mostly just show-offs . 
  serious breeders and people who want to train their dogs to the highest standards do n't import docked/cropped dogs . 
  as far as i know , our military , police and customs tend to use other breeds . 
  there is no necessity to crop/dock anyone . 
  edit : yes , u/sharpstiletto is correct . 
  at least in europe , personal protection dogs is either a thing of the past or has n't been a thing at all . 
  it 's a non-issue . 
  in europe most dogs are intact and do n't break their tails . 
  if an ear infection occurs , then medication is used and all is well again . 
  dogs communicate with their tails and ears . 
  why would you want to cut these things off just in case ? 
  if you think that dogs with long tails and floppy ears is a problem then cutting them off is not the solution . 
  you will be cutting every single dog and there is no end to that . 
  the real solution is not buying these dogs and as the demand drops , only the breeds with very short tails and pointi ears remain . 
  you do n't seem to want to do that . 
  somehow you think that cropping and docking is the preferred option . 
  you mean breeds that originate from estonia ? 
  well , there 's just one and it 's not recognised by fci . 
  it 's called eesti hagijas ( estonian hound ) and you can read a bit more about it here https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/estonian_hound, 
  if you meant to ask which breeds are popular in estonia , then we 're not that much different from the rest of europe - the recent stats show the most popular breeds being short - and long-haired chihuahua followed by german shepherds , golden retrievers , tibetan mastiffs , labrador retrievers , yorkshire terriers , bernese mountain dogs , west siberian laikas and cavalier king charles spaniels . 
  huskys , malamutes , samoyeds , beagles , jack russells and pugs are also very popular . 
  what about in your area in general ? 
  does it tend to tilt towards short-haired breeds ? 
  edit : first read that you are in spain , then read again . 
  does the government punish you for abusing your own car by kicking it or smashing it 's windows ? 
  what about kicking your dog ? 
  well , it does , even in the us . 
  so no , a dog is legally not exactly the same as a car . 
  the thing is that in most of europe docking , cropping and declawing without a valid medical reason is considered the same as abusing your pet .
