i 'm well aware that isreal has bigger fish to fry when it comes to terrorism . 
  i was merely pointing out what zeit tends to focus on one set of issues and ignoring others that do n't fit their ideological narrative . 
  merkel is a neo-liberal even though i do n't think she has any strong personal political affiliation . 
  spd/greens have repeatedly blocked deportations on state level and declaring the north african nations as safe countries of origin . 
  and letting people in from outside of the eu without passport checks in unlimited numbers is called open borders . 
  the cdu used to be conservative back in the 90s but moved considerably left since and is now considered left-of-center . 
  http://www.zeit.de/news/2015-12/04/parteien-waehler-sehen-cdu-erstmals-links-der-mitte-04163402 and i 'm not a right-wing authoritarian by any means . 
  i 'm a left leaning classical liberal and poltical compass tests confirm that . 
  it 's silly to simply divide the political landscape into right-wing and left-wing parties . 
  germany as a whole leans politically left but the cdu is still fairly centrist . 
  many however voted for the cdu in the last federal elections , thinking it was still a conservative party . 
  and the lack of a poltically right party is the exact reason why the afd have gained so much traction . 
  a large part of the electorate feels like all the major parties are now left-wing ( except the csu ), 
  the title alone shows you the author\u00c4s priorities . 
  apparently the worst thing about an islamist attack with multiple casualties is that it will strengthen your political opponent . 
  there is also no mention of islamic or islamist outside of quotation marks , which is typical for the far left , who refuse to associate anything negative with islam . 
  instead they focus on the fact , that the attacker comes from a neighbourhood that was left behind , trying to put blame on israel for not pampering their arab citizen more . 
  another telling phrase is that the isreali right-wing ca n't blame the left-wing because they are in power and that effectively you ca n't prevent these attacks at all . 
  there is a clear connection to the berlin attack here . 
  it implies that the current german left-wing government is n't to blame at all and the attack would have happened anyway even without open border and blocked deportation . 
  there is more to unravel here but i 'm gon na leave it at that . 
  in short they focused on ideological apologism and not objective journalism . 
  i consider myself centrist/liberal and `` die zeit '' is very far from it . 
  they used to be decent but now they are very far left ideologue . 
  top article right now on the jerusalem truck attack is called `` an attack that strengthens right-wingers '' . 
  that about says it all, 
  there 's also korinthenkacker !, 
  ( shitting small raisins ), 
  yeah , i think the netherlands and denmark are the least worrisome aspect of this map . 
  splitting up bavaria between austria and czechia now that is asking for trouble . 
  lower german is more similar to the scandinavian languages , yes . 
  the vocabulary is so similar that you can sort of read danish if you know lower german . 
  however the pronounciation and overall language melody is so wildly different that you might have an easier time understanding swedish . 
  when we went on holiday in denmark , my mother would often remark that she thought danish sounded like lower german spoken with a hot potato in your mouth . 
  nowadays most people in northern germany speak high german that , if at all , is only vaguely reminiscent of lower german . 
  hannover is considered the standard for high german , medium-sized city in north-central germany . 
  schw\u00e4bisch in south western germany is pretty much incomprehensible , but most would consider it ` cute ' like they often do swiss accents ( not full swiss german ) . 
  s\u00e4chsisch , spoken in saxony , is comprehensible but a very ugly accent . 
  completely insufferable for everyone not from there . 
  nowadays people in northern germany mostly speak high german , but used to speak lower german , which is considered a different language quite similar to dutch . 
  is it pronounced as thing ? 
  with an english th ? 
  what 's the difference between \u00f0 and \u00de ? 
   `` so you think we can save all the poor of the world ? '' . 
  op never made that argument . 
  please read all his posts . 
  he essentially said that people who live in developing countries have a right to migrate to europe and it would be both unethical and impossible to close the border to them . 
  he did n't specify an upper limit for this policy . 
  my point was that this idealistic approach can only last for so long . 
  there ca n't be a right to migrate to europe for 3 billion people when there are only 500 mil europeans . 
   oh no , please hold your breath ... as long as possible . 
   yeah shit , reading the user manual helps some time . 
   such cooperation , much wow . 
  this fuckin kindergarten shitshow ... i 'm ok with that . 
  okie dokie . 
  there is no point arguing with you . 
  please enjoy your unearned sense of moral superiority . 
  good day !, 
   guess your strawman is just better . 
  or am i going to be slammed with the false eqwiwalensi card ? 
  no , it just appears that you do n't know what a strawman is . 
  how am i strawmanning his argument ? 
  but i guess since you 've completly ignored the rest of my arguments i 'm not gon na hold my breath . 
   because that 's how the system works . 
  do n't like it , leave it . 
  well , good luck with that sentiment . 
  countries are going to leave if ideologues like you want to force their open borders fantasy on them . 
  and like i said , even if poland were to agree to letting in people , the migrants do n't want to go there . 
  how do you make sure people stay there without force , so they do n't go running off to germany ? 
  i feel like my fellow countrymen have all gone insane . 
  this childish idealism is going to lead to the disintegration of the eu . 
   i think letting them starve in front of a closed border is unethical and not up for discussion . 
  what an insane strawman . 
  most poor people are not actually starving , they just have a lower standard of living than those living in first world . 
  providing basic human needs like clean water and food does not have to happen inside of europe . 
  infact , it 's a bad idea to do that inside of europe because it is vastly more expensive and you 'll be able to help fewer people with the same resources . 
   ... and then put guilty people into jail okay , got it . 
  so complete open borders but once people commit crimes you put them in jail . 
  once they 've finished their sentence in jail , do you deport them ? 
  how do you stop people from coming in again once they 've been deported ? 
  you know , since it 's impossible to keep people out ? 
   europe needs to work together what if other people/countries do n't want to take them in ? 
  why force others to share the burden you yourself have taken on ? 
  not only do countries like poland not want any muslim migrants , muslim migrants do n't want to go to poland . 
  do you want poland to put their migrants in cages so they do n't go running off to germany ? 
   even 5 million refugees are less thatn 1 % of europes population , this is nothing we ca n't handle , yeah , sure , let 's say we take in 5 million people . 
  that is 0,16 % of the world 's poor . 
  what do we with the other 99,84 % ? 
  is n't it horribly unfair that they do n't get to live in europe while the tiny minority 0,16 % do ? 
  being treated with respect and dignity does not include the right to migrate to europe . 
  of course you can close the border . 
  if a small country like macedonia can effectively keep out people they do n't want then so can the rest of europe . 
  are you actually arguing that if people want to enter europe illegally by force , we ought to just let them ? 
  and by your admission there are people we should keep out like those that pose a danger . 
  how do you keep those people out , if keeping people out is impossible altogether ? 
  you 're contradicting yourself . 
  there are over 3 billion people living in poverty worldwide . 
  even if europe were to take in 10,20 or even 30 million poor people ( and we saw the chaos that happened after only 2 mil ) it would n't even have taken 1 % of the world 's poor . 
  99 % + of poor people will have to stay where they are regardless of whether or not you think that 's unfair . 
  the idea that you can solve world poverty simply by letting people in to the first world is a childish utopian fantasy .
