with hybrid tanks of course . 
  well if you 're going to invade other countries you should do so responsibly . 
  it 's amazing how you have painted the whole of europe by the actions of one country . 
  i doubt spain or norway or any other european country had anything to do with it . 
  the us is smaller than europe . 
  nah , i was just wondering if he was going to spout the usual bollocks about how sweden is overrun with muslims . 
   so knock it off with the supercilious euro bullshit about america . 
  you 've got problems enough in sweden so focus your animus on them . 
  so pray tell me what problems sweden has ? 
  i 'm * dying * to hear your reply . 
  fight the fight man . 
  glasgow , so good you said it twice . 
  it 's a commentary on how globalisation is in danger of making us all uniform , losing all individual identity . 
  on the other hand it could be a joke . 
  the guardian is so well known for spelling mistakes that it 's mockingly referred to as the gruniad . 
  you 'll fit in nicely . 
  i 'm sure there must be a law against sock abuse . 
  sock separatist !, 
  i 'll have non of your capitalist sockism . 
  lies !, 
  the glorious government issued socks * never * get dirty !, 
  as a fully paid up member of the sososo ( socialist sock society ) i believe that everyone from birth should be made to wear government issued socks . 
  it is the only way that everyone will be equal . 
  you know it makes sense . 
  it 's an eu directive that everyone should be free to wear socks . 
  you know i 'd forgotten about the curlling . 
  so there is something good this week . 
  uk ( although wales is covered by crucible ) * man who murdered a pensioner and spent years claiming innocence before finally admitting he did it has been found dead in his cell . 
  * another murderer has absconded from prison whilst on day release on rochdale . 
  * thieves broke into a community centre and stole cakes , scones and flapjacks . 
  * atos , hired by the government to assess people on sick benefits , even though they had little to no medical training , now wants out of their contract . 
  * as usual scotish independence is being discussed . 
  although to me neither side is exactly looking good . 
  * the government is denying that cuts to the nhs are causing millions to not be able to see a gp when they need to because they ca n't get appointments . 
  * there are calls to help the multitude of jobless teenagers get work , as a whole generation is being left behind . 
  * eu is taking the uk to court over pollution . 
  * a 4.1 magnitude earthquake happened in the bristol channel . 
  the earth moved for people in wales and south west england . 
  * the foreign secretary is worried about russia getting involved with the ukraine situation . 
  * the recent bad weather has caused landslides and sinkholes to open up . 
  * new aircraft carrier to be named the hms queen elizabeth . 
   also , i feel very dirty right now for even trying to defend the daily mail in any manner . 
  so you should !, 
  i think they may , once upon a time , been a good source of journalism but they strayed so far off the path that may never find a way back . 
  i wonder , with a story like that , if dm will be able to shoehorn in any references to causing or curing cancer , or princess diana ? 
  i know that the little englanders are affecting government policy at the mo and i believe that it is a very bad , potentially dangerous thing , but i was making a joke . 
  i do n't think you 're ever going to find a completely balanced news source , but to me the bbc is pretty good . 
   except by the people that buy it !, 
  newspaper circulation is way down but the mail is the second highest circulation paper in the uk ! . 
  1.6 million brits buy it monday to friday , and 2.5 million on a saturday . 
  well unfortunately there 'll always be a certain percentage of idiots in this world and we should n't mock the afflicted . 
   saying that , i have n't read a newspaper in years as i find they all have an agenda of some sorts . 
  i tend to stick to the bbc and other online sources . 
  yeah , you can accuse the daily mail of a lot of things , but journalism is n't one of them . 
  the dm is hated in the uk as much as it is everywhere else . 
  we are a terrible bunch of people , us with our liberal and accepting views on sexuality . 
  i think he 's more than just a twat . 
  i think he 's fucking dangerous . 
  he 's trying to strip away anything that is for the benefit of the country and replace it with ways to make the top 1 % more money whilst screwing over the population , and doing it in such an underhand way . 
  reminds me of orwell 's 1984 and how everything was for the populations own good . 
  it 's all bread and circuses - keep the people happy and you can get away with practically anything . 
  yeah , but he 's no stroppy irishman . 
   you 're missed over there not by me he is n't . 
  we know . 
   we are colour-blind does that count for the people on meet the ukippers ? 
  dead snow 2 is absolutely fantastic . 
  exceptionally gory , but brilliant none the less . 
  please do n't give details of what the authorities are doing as those involved may be using social media . 
  could be worse , could be called / u/jebusgobson . 
  i have n't been 14 in 34 years , but carry on with your decidedly unfunny presumptions . 
  i 'm sure you 'll make someone laugh sooner than later . 
  i would n't trust the majority of people as far as i could spit , because the majority are fucking idiots . 
  you tell 'em !, 
  i was at school about 30 years ago , so the memory is n't what it should be . 
  they * must * have been mentioned at some time or other but only in passing . 
  i think what concerns me is that they may be locked away and ` forgotten ' about , when the best thing is for them to be is be seen by everyone for what they are - a particularly horrific part of the south 's history . 
  would n't be trump . 
  lol, 
  ah i see , then i can understand why they want them moved . 
  i just think that they should be kept in a museum as a permanent reminder of how shitty humanity can be . 
  yeah , i remember that stupid shit about him supposedly not being born in the us and being a muslim . 
  it was a very unsuccessful cover-up for the fact that he is n't white . 
  i suppose that 's something , but to me there is n't really that much difference in them being out in the public in a square and out in the public in a museum . 
  all i can see is that at least in a museum you 'd have more of a historical context you can place them in . 
  i was just trying to think whether america or americans were ever mentioned in history lessons . 
  the only one i remember is eli whitney and his cotton gin . 
  i think even the statues are part of history . 
  what are they doing with them once they take them down ? 
  if they 're going into a museum then it 's not so bad . 
  you have to admit that it 's pretty sad . 
  it 's exactly the same as the conservatives over here in the uk blaming everything on the labour party . 
  rightly or wrongly they are still a part of your history . 
  there 's a statue of oliver cromwell outside the houses of parliament in london , he 's there because he was a huge influence on how the government operates today . 
  the thing is that he was a massive cunt to everyone , especially the irish . 
  i think you have to keep those statues up and use them as an educational tool instead of trying to paint over the more unpleasant parts of your countries ' past . 
  and blame obama for it too . 
  i swear that if trump got the shits he 'd claim that obama was somehow responsible for it . 
  very much so - waterloo bridge . 
  here 's a seemingly happy tune , but it 's really about the seedier side of london . 
  [ ldn by lily allen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmyt79tpvlg ) .
