sorry , i did n't mean to stir up any bad emotions . 
  also not all is bad , poland has had quite a decent amount of growth for example  in time all of europe will catch up hopefully , yes it will take some time but we can do it , 
  what do you mean ? 
  i am just curious how wealth is distributed in western and eastern europe . 
  i am not trying to say one is better or anything . 
  if you look at china for example you see a lot of their population is in the same bracket . 
  i wonder what this graph would look like if we distinguished between west/eastern europe . 
  well , austria is split on a lot of things as it seems haha . 
  well ... not really , as far as i can tell . 
  but i do not read our newspapers as regularly anymore as i did . 
  however , we are mostly concerned with ourselves even though we are very dependent on germany . 
  both are equally understandable with different spellings . 
  new one seems simplified . 
  edit : i understood surprisingly much , haha . 
  * not everything i translated is corret , but that is how i interpreted it , also bold things were not understandable by me *, 
  not a double standard , you can do the same , i sometimes do the same in german . 
  i do not like your tone but whatever i will answer that question . 
  no , i am not . 
  if everything we did today was based on history the french and the germans would be slaughtering each other . 
  i also know that there has been a lot of tension since the conquest of anatolia by the ottomans . 
  when i said turkey/greece i was talking about the people - on a personal level . 
  most of which are fairly normal , i am neither talking about the golden dawn nor the grey wolves here mind you . 
  what i am saying is this : they have reason to hate each other , but their similarities also make them very likeable to each other . 
  ahh , great source `` you are pretty sure '' i think i 'll accept that ... 
  i agree that it is most likely , but he asked for source not you being `` pretty sure '', 
  let 's hope things will get better . 
  i was in crete a while ago and i must say i love your country and your people . 
  reminds me a lot of turkey , probably why turkey and greece have a love/hate relationship haha . 
  can you elaborate on the problems ? 
  just curious ( quite interested in croatia right now ) , not trying to offend or anything . 
  arghhh ... do n't ... the pain is still fresh . 
  we just recently had to cut down to 12 pilots ... for 15 planes . 
  source ( in german ) : http://www.oe24.at/oesterreich/politik/sechs-eurofighter-piloten-weniger/143373388, 
  i feel your pain ... expensive damned planes ... you know whats worse ? 
  getting expensive planes that basically fall apart . 
  austria can not into nature :(, 
  here is mine : http://imgur.com/nhbmbim i have n't really been to a lot of places . 
  well , i still got time . 
  i hope i will be able to travel more in the future because i want to see the entire world . 
  no idea why though ^ ^, 
  i am austrian yay :d my soulmates are germany and denmark . 
  i should not travel to slovakia or greece though ... hmm, 
  what ? 
  who cares ? 
  send a squad in and arrest everyone who comes in the way ? 
  if you have to arrest 30 people so be it . 
  it is kind of true that later generations are more aggressive , but they are also younger and we all know young people are not the smartest ( not our fault , we do n't have as much experience yet ) also they do n't know the hardships of their parents which makes them idealize their `` home-country '' . 
  however , most of them just want to be left alone like everyone else . 
  i mean they do n't want issues , you know ? 
  they just want to live normal lives , however `` austrians '' dislike them because they act that way and they act that way because `` austrians '' dislike them . 
  it is a vicious cycle . 
  we can just hope that over time they will become more similar and just overcome that hurdle . 
  you say that the first generation tries to integrate hardest , but they are also the ones that are culturally further away , younger people will not be scornfull when a girl runs around without a headscarf , older people will . 
  younger people will not think you are scum because you drink alcohol or go out with friends . 
  in a way they are more progressive but with less of an incentive not to cause trouble . 
  edit : i think it might be because many try to be a part of a group and to be accepted as part of the group you need to vilify others . 
  that is kind of true for the first generation but with time they adapt more to the austrians around them ( their children e.g. ) . 
  of course not everybody but you always have exceptions in everything concerning people . 
  the issue most of them have is that the austrians do n't see them as austrian so they must be turkish/african/arabic etc. 
  serbs and croats for example have less of an issue because they are accept more easily so they identify as both austrian and serbian or whatever . 
  my parents are immigrants though , just so you know . 
  we need elections more often , they seem to make our politicians smarter . 
  yay ? 
  you are welcome darling !, 
  i have a question for you , do you think that this election will have a big effect on the upcoming independence election for scotland ? 
  why do you downvote him ? 
  he has some valid arguments , the democrats are seen as a left party in the us while they would be seen as a `` right '' party or at least `` centrist '' party in a lot of countries in europe . 
  it is all relative if all you have are right parties then a slightly less right party will seem left to you . 
  or am i missing something ? 
  exactly , so let 's not dismiss the problem ( i do n't mean you specifically but check some of the comments ), 
   an incorrect study is doing damage . 
  i have very , very strong doubts in any of those numbers . 
  i agree that an incorrect study can be very damaging , that is not what i intended to criticise , what i meant to say is that we should focus on the problems instead of trying to downplay them . 
  it might be true that certain countries seem less menacing than they are in this regard but it does not mean that our problems are any less important . 
  i welcome arguments that bring new information into the discussion but flooding this thread with dismissal of the problem is not really the way . 
  i see a lot of comments like `` yeah , this study is flawed because ... '' or `` it is worse in x ! '', 
  or even `` yeah men have it worse '' yes this study might be flawed , yes men might experience more violence or at least as much . 
  however this does not make the study any less relevant , what it shows is still valid and should be addressed accordingly , so could we please discuss this in a civil manner instead of just looking for excuses ? 
  i was just surprised by the medicaments , cars and `` unclassified transactions '' they make up more than i expected . 
  thank you , very cool . 
  look at norway , it will give you a clear picture of where they get a lot of their money from :d ( also belgium is interesting ) question : what are unclassified transactions ? 
  ( netherlands ), 
  i remember breaking so many rules during my stay in england :( i hereby apologize to every english person . 
  anscheinend ziehen wir manchmal nach tschechien :d translation : apparently we sometimes move to the czech republic :d, 
  i think i speak for all of us when i say that this was a tragedy . 
   we should now make it obligatory for all new soldiers to be fluent in english and learn military engish , so that combined forces are able to talk to each other later . 
  not gon na happen , the french will never agree to that ... and why should they ? 
  would you be happy as a soldier , if you had to learn french out of nowhere ? 
  not saying that i disagree , just saying that it is unlikely to happen . 
  i love you guys , discussing things intelligently and using sources for numbers and not starting to insult each others mothers ... 
  the internet needs more people like the both of you . 
  not anymore . 
  no worries that can happen to all of us . 
  to me it seems like greece tries to shift all the blame onto germany as well ( but i try not to judge since i do not speak greek and have not looked deeper into this issue , i am sure there are voices that say otherwise ) . 
  it is important to keep a clear head now and look at both sides of the argument since politicians will try to use this to their advantage and simply blame others . 
  being able to admit that you were wrong is a step not many people would have taken i respect that , here have an upvote . 
  germany has plurality as well , you just need to speak german to see that . 
  it even says that greece 's well being is important for germany . 
  either you read the wrong papers or you just form this opinion in your head without any facts . 
  it all depends on what you read , the faz is gon na be more anti greece .
