  the sz less so . 
  yes this article from spiegel was pretty biased , but that 's spiegel for you . 
  it 's like the `` ea '' from earl or the `` ea '' from earnest, 
  i imagine something along the lines of `` land and you will getvarrested by the german government . 
  then they land and stuff plays out in the courts . 
  i imagine there is a law against not listening to the tower and potentially endangering passengers . 
  edit : i am not the guy who you wrote with previously, 
  nobody is bothering to even check his account , he has been a redditor for a month . 
  the question that arises from this is `` was he really ever a federalist ? '', 
  now you might think this is not important because his arguments still stand but that 's not true it shows that he created an account to propagate an opinion he might have held all his life in a light that makes it seem like `` now i see the truth '' . 
  i should clarify that i do not like the religion either it has too many archaic rules and beliefs to be taken as anything but an affront to human progress in the 21st century ( much like many other religious books ) . 
  i have had friends that fell into that rabbit hole and it changed them , anyway that 's a story for a different place . 
  your opinion does make more sense now that i have a better view of it after discussing it with you . 
  i might have been a bit emotional as well after watching that video and reading all the comments in here . 
  it 's good to have a discourse with people that have different opinions it broadens our horizon so thanks for the discussion . 
  yes and telling them that we hate them , that they are not welcome , that they are different and violent is not going to help . 
  we need to tackle this in a different way than just saying `` fuck islam '' that 's only going to radicalize them more . 
  i am not saying we should compromise our values , people have died so we could have them but let 's not try to look down on others while doing so . 
  punish those that deserve it in our jurisdiction and hand out humanitarian aid in the form of infrastructure where it makes sense . 
  furthermore try to aid those that are in favor of the same values , however syria right now is in pretty bad shape from a civil war . 
  what do you want us to do ? 
  send them all back to where they came from so that they can lose family members and build up more resentment for the west ? 
  right now the refugees try to escape losing everything they built up over generations and how do many of us react ? 
  with hatred , the same hatred that led to this conflict , the hatred of those that are not `` us '' . 
  what 's your point ? 
  i only asked a question , it was to show that it is not black and white by contrasting his/her argument with some other possible causes . 
  life is not black and white even if populists will try to paint it so . 
  is it the religion that causes people to be fanatic or is it lack of education , poverty and arbitrary borders ? 
  if we go back a thousand years one could have argued the same about christianity and islam , the moslem scholars would have looked at europe and thought `` what a bunch of lunatics to ignore '', 
  how about `` fuck off religion '' in general then ? 
  i think this is more appropriate than `` fuck off islam '' http://i.imgur.com/yulv4di.jpg, 
  just want to remark that the part of the source you quote is not about 3rd or 2nd generation immigrants . 
  i am not saying it does not still hold value but what they do is basically check up on the same person every couple years . 
  also your source says that second generation immigrants are a lot more proficient than first generation immigrants . 
  so basically you contradict what you said before . 
  furthermore it should be mentioned that this is all `` self-reported proficiency '' - at least the part that talks about proficiency and how it develops over several years . 
  if you are born in an environment where people tell you to `` go back where you came from '' and you think '' ... i was born here '' then it is hard to develop a strong connection to the country you were born in . 
  that 's why a lot of people tend to think of themselves as `` turkish '' or whatever , this is way less pronounced with people from the balkan . 
  why ? 
  because they just look more austrian and are not under the same scrutiny . 
  i am not saying this applies to everyone but there are certainly those that are driven away by that . 
  you might not feel the racism but it surely exists . 
  will i feel like an austrian when people treat me as a foreigner ? 
  how many nightclubs have clearly denied you entrance because of your origins ? 
  now this is not an attack against you , i am just explaining the sentiment of some people and that this is not one sided . 
  i for one will say i am austrian and if an asshole starts being angry about it he can take it up with me , however if somebody just asks for my origin or something i got no problem with that , i am not ashamed of where i originate from . 
  edit : best part is when people are clearly racist while being friendly towards you and argue `` you are different ! '', 
  oh and obviously to solve this problem both sides must put an effort into this , but each side must try to give its best in order for this to work . 
  yes if you are welcoming towards them 4 out of 5 might not change but even if its only 1/5th that changes it will have an effect and bring momentum to moving closer together and in the end lead to a happier and better life for all of us . 
  tl ; dr : i like kebab and schnitzel , but do n't tell me i must stick to kebab . 
   current immigration policies from outside of europe are a net-loss on the economy ...  current immigration policies from outside of europe are a net-loss on the economy and provide no tangible benefit . 
  that is simply not true : http://ec.europa.eu/dgs/home-affairs/what-we-do/networks/european_migration_network/reports/docs/emn-studies/illegally-resident/de-finalstudy-eng_en.pdf  we should also look towards promoting the birthrate ... how is this to be accomplished ? 
  it simply is not an easy solution . 
  you come up with `` answers '' that are not really answers . 
  yours answers are on the same level as `` i 'd like to solve world hunger '' yes that 's fine , but how ? 
  you do not answer the how and while we can not answer that the only possibility is immigration , otherwise our pension system will break apart and with that our society . 
   nowhere do i state that we should invade muslim countries and implement silly child policies . 
  nowhere do i say you do . 
  i asked a hyperbolic question so as to get an answer from you . 
  i would like a source that says the same about muslims in europe . 
  because at least in germany this is not the case as shown here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_germany#religiosity_of_young_muslims ( i would link to the actual article , but it is in german and i am not sure if you speak german or not - anyway you can follow the link wiki provides ) it is true however that the second generation is more religious than their german counterparts . 
  if it is the western civilization you worry about then we worry about the same , i for one care a lot about my family 's and my freedom and security in europe . 
  should we not instead of closing the `` floodgates '' as you call them try to reform those who arrive in europe ? 
  about the dod document : i read over it and failed to see any sources for any of the claims and it read more like a prediction by an oracle , so i scrolled back up and right at the beginning it states `` the views , opinions and/or findings contained in this report are those of the author , and should not be construed as official department of defense position , policy or decision . '', 
  the discrimination argument document you brought to back up your disarmament of my point is just one author reciting another authors opinion as well as interview the founder of an islamic organization and one professor ( of what ? ), 
  on the topic . 
  there are no facts at all in the entire article . 
  so what ? 
  there will be more muslims ... 
  i 'll ask you again how do you want to stop that ? 
  especially since this covers the entire world , should we invade all muslim countries and implement child policies like china while artificially force fertilizing blonde , blue eyed europeans ? 
  there is something inherently wrong with the way you argue . 
  first you state :  the fastest growing religion in europe is islam . 
  and then in the next sentence you say :  compare that to the us where atheism/non-religious is the fastest growing . 
  then as proof you bring :  fastest growing religion in europe . 
  http://time.com/3671514/islam-europe/ which says nothing about atheism in europe at all implying that it is not even part of the statistic . 
  anyway i still lack to understand how this counts as an `` invasion '' and not just plain immigration ? 
  that 's what people do ... move they have done that since the beginning of time and will continue to do so for probably the rest of humanity . 
  the first humans ventured north and explored europe after which many different peoples came to europe and migrated over time . 
  yes well observed , muslims do have sex what do you want us to do ? 
  forbid them to have children ? 
  what is your argument here ? 
  are you just ranting because you fear for your `` bloodline '' or something similar ? 
  is austria being invaded by germans , because that is the biggest immigrant group in austria right now ... edit : oh and who says that immigrant children are more religious than their parents ? 
  did you even watch the video that you posted ? 
  they argue that muslims do not integrate because they are being discriminated . 
  no , i mean who calls it that ? 
  this is the first time i have heard that . 
  also atheism is the lack of religion not a religion anyway that aside , proof ? 
  also the usa does not really have muslim countries whereas there are muslim countries in europe and a lot of countries ( like russia ) have muslim native minorities . 
  and lastly europe is a lot less religious than america so i do n't really get your point , maybe i misunderstand so please feel free to elaborate . 
  by who ? 
  oh yeah that makes sense, 
  you got poland , the baltics , romania and the majority of the rest of western europe on your side . 
  i would not say he is `` everywhere around '' . 
  ohhh we did that here in austria in my elementary school, 
  coming from a russian this is hilarious . 
  banter aside it is understandable that the germans would act this way , after all they must feel attacked by greece after the threats and demands . 
  also newspapers ... do n't underestimate them . 
  yeah but like 90 % + of the 3rd places ( griss ) voters will vote for the 2nd place ( van der bellen ) since they are very similar .
