  muslim is n't a race , if you cared about the truth , you 'd be willing to understand that . 
   capitalist if you read abut economic theory , you 'd know that 's the wrong word . 
  try corporatist , or w/e is appropriate in english for this . 
   we use iris scans and sometimes dna as well . 
  then the activists jump in and scream foul . 
  afaik that 's what happened to that when it came to frontex trying to reduce exploitation . 
  not taking a side here , just providing source http://www.wsj.com/articles/germanys-merkel-defends-russian-gas-pipeline-plan-1450447499 brussels -- german chancellor angela merkel found herself under pressure on friday from other europe union leaders over her government 's support for a natural-gas pipeline from russia that others fear could further undermine the economic and political stability of ukraine . 
  the planned expansion of pao gazprom 's nord stream pipeline , which ships russian gas via the baltic sea to northern germany , would add an extra 55 billion cubic meters of gas in capacity -- about as much as the company currently transports through ukraine . 
  officials in brussels and washington as well as kiev have accused moscow of using the project , dubbed nord stream 2 , to deprive ukraine of much of its remaining political leverage as well as much-needed revenues from transit fees . 
  ukrainian president petro poroshenko on wednesday called nord stream 2 his country 's `` greatest concern as of today . '' but ms. merkel defended the planned pipeline . 
  `` i made clear , along with others , that this is a commercial project ; there are private investors , '' ms. merkel said following talks with the other 27 eu leaders . 
  during the discussion on nord stream , the chancellor 's position was attacked by italian prime minister matteo renzi and bulgaria 's boyko borisov , while she received some backing from dutch premier mark rutte . 
  gazprom holds a 50 % stake in the nord stream 2 consortium . 
  the other 50 % are held in equal parts by royal dutch shell plc , germany 's e.on ag and basf ag , austria 's omv ag and france 's engie sa . 
  despite the involvement of these private investors , several european union and u.s. officials have questioned the commercial reasoning behind nord stream 2 , arguing that existing transit routes from russia , including the first nord stream pipeline and the ukrainian lines are n't used at full capacity . 
  in a recent interview , the u.s. special envoy for international energy affairs , amos hochstein , called nord stream 2 `` an entirely politically motivated project '' and warned european authorities against `` rushing into '' the project . 
  since relations with moscow cooled over the conflict in eastern ukraine , the eu has been working to reduce its dependence on russian gas . 
  building nord stream 2 , however , would concentrate 80 % of the bloc 's gas imports from russia onto a single route , according to the eu 's climate and energy commissioner , miguel arias ca\u00f1ete . 
  `` in my perspective , nord stream does not help diversification nor would it reduce energy dependence , '' said european council president donald tusk , who presided over friday 's discussions among the 28 eu leaders . 
  he said , however , the eu must avoid politicizing this issue and check whether the pipeline would comply with eu rules , which block companies from controlling both a pipeline and its supply . 
  ms. merkel said that should nord stream 2 be built , a solution should be found that would maintain ukraine as a transit country for russian gas . 
  `` that 's the political wish , '' she said . 
  ukraine , which had to restructure its debts earlier this year and depends on a bailout from the international monetary fund and the eu , currently earns some $ 2 billion a year in transit fees . 
  during friday 's discussion , several leaders complained that germany was supporting the expansion of nord stream , while an earlier pipeline project that would have bypassed ukraine in the south was canceled amid pushback from brussels . 
  `` i found it surprising that the south stream project was blocked , while now we are discussing a doubling up of nord stream , '' mr. renzi said . 
  italian energy company eni spa held a 20 % stake in south stream . 
  russian president vladimir putin said last winter that eu requirements for gazprom to relinquish control of the pipeline led to its cancellation . 
  hungarian prime minister viktor orban also questioned the logic behind nord stream 2 . 
  `` we need a reasonable argument why south stream was bad and nord stream is not , '' he said . 
  hungary currently receives russian gas via ukraine and would have been connected to the south stream pipe . 
  -- giada zampano in rome and valentina pop and laurence norman in brussels also contributed to this article . 
  automod said paywall , so copying it . 
  3rd edit : just read it again , kinda surprised they say gasprom has a 50 % of the consortium , when wikipedia says they have 51 % , thus majority , which - in my layman knowledge - sounds like an important difference . 
  google gave me this , from 2013 : http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/index.php/quality_of_life_in_europe_-_facts_and_views_-_economic_and_physical_safety#main_statistical_findings i 'm guessing it 's the same result overall , altho made with different methodology . 
  i really believed in the `` let 's focus on going forward instead of blaming the police for what happened '' , but after reading this , i 'm just shocked . 
  literally every single motherfucking thing they did was utter shit . 
  i ca n't even begin to imagine what other `` terror suspects '' are caught doing , when the gigantic mountain of direct evidence against these scum just was n't enough to make them a priority . 
  anyone claiming that everything is under control , and `` things are blown out of proportion by - political view i do n't like - '' should read this , and think about what the other terrorist apprentices were up to in the country if these shitbags were let roam free , because there were more pressing cases . 
  ~ ~ they used germany to get around the constitution . ~ ~ never mind , you 've said it the other-way around . 
  i 'm not sure why , but having your phone wiretapped like a criminal was her definition of good relations with the us , i 'm guessing based on this . 
  january 5 . 
  mayor says there 's no proof it was migrants , police says they have no idea who it was . 
  the police drops some other gems too , like ` we were properly set up that night ' , and police 's new year 's day response : things were relaxed . 
  i 'm not saying this based on political views , but i honestly refuse to believe both the entire police leadership and local government would be * this stupid * , like call one buddy you worked together with in the past , who was on call that night , and you 'd know shit went down . 
  people are n't stupid , they were silenced . 
  are n't 80-90 % of sexual assault/rape cases remain unreported ? 
  why does n't that apply here ? 
  applications are processed on the border , with secured housing areas , which you can use for the duration . 
  if you lied about anything you are banned , etc. 
  i 've typed this stuff out like 3 times , nothing 's going to happen from it , so , yet , does n't really matter i guess . 
  there 's just simply no precautions or consequences for taking advantage of others , which i simply do n't understand why are we allowing . 
  deter people knowingly exploiting the system , from doing that . 
  pretty basic part of how our legal systems are set up . 
  clog up the system , tie up tons of the limited resources , funds , housing , manpower , because currently in the state 's eye their bogus claim is just as valid as a refugee 's until processed , and when it 's denied , for meeting zero criteria of being an actual refugee of war , the state is n't able to extract any spent funds to allocate it to actual people in need . 
  are we allowed to admit that illegals fcuk over even the actual refugees as well , since they 're suing because of it now ? 
  looks like the literal nazi , populist , putinloving , uneducated , sexist , racist , dirty nationalist far-right wing anti-eu partys finally - just as predicted - ruined schengen ... oh wait . 
  funny how all you can do is attack my character and ignore any actual points i made . 
  i 'm not from the us , the flair is a message , and a good bait for people who 's arguments are so moot all they do is attack one 's character based on their own prejudices . 
  i 've asked why you are so angry after you rained your prejudice on me in every single one of your replys , without me make any sort of comment that would warrant it , then called me an `` autist '' , which ironically is what a `` trumptard teenager '' would write , something you accuse me of . 
   excluded for years , there 's no denying that . 
  from what ? 
   judging by your insults * can you try and answer without deflecting to clinton 's email server or just muh liberals ? 
  i bet you ca n't * i 'm gon na stop you right there since you seem to have crashed during takeoff * it is borderline autistic to go ahead and ask me about my country 's laws . 
  `` my insults '' , ok dude . 
  i do n't get why are you this angry/deranged , when i have said absolutely nothing bad/inflammatory to you . 
  no democracy allows foreign states to influence the inner working of their country , this is in every civilized country 's laws . 
  it 's not specific to greece/germany/france or anything . 
  our society , means your society , my society , people in the first world 's societys . 
  are you going to have a mental breakdown in every single one of my sentences ? 
  if you please let me know , so i wo n't bother making actual arguments/discussion if you ca n't be bothered reading it . 
  every democratic country in the west . 
  are you not familiar with your own contry 's laws ? 
  you mean nothing was leaked ? 
  it 's not like he came out to repent because of his good hearth/morals or anything . 
  so he should n't be allowed to criticize national leaders , because those leaders have different priorities right now ? 
  so far the only thing you wrote to me are based on your own generalizations and assumptions on who i am . 
  you 'd be surprised to learn how nuanced people are if you 'd just tone your prejudice down . 
   yeah what is this effective strategy ? 
  can you try and answer without deflecting to clinton 's email server or just muh liberals ? 
  i bet you ca n't i do n't know where this is coming from , but , yes , i can answer you . 
  we have laws in place to prevent ( negative ) outside forces/foreign states from interfering with our society , radical islam circumvents that , by hiding the same thing under `` religious freedom '' . 
  in most of the world they 're ( saudi arabia , for one that i can recall right now ) funding mosques and religious centers where their religious leaders are spreading the most cancerous version of islam . 
  this is the country that 's probably in the top3 worst human rights abuser , a country where women are objectively treated worse than farm animals . 
  yet we let these ideology in , because we refuse to infringe on their `` religious freedom '' to spread the most destructive , oppressive and violent ideology on the planet . 
  various religious extremist groups are being armed in the me depending on which serves a purpose for the west 's foreign policy in that region . 
  those groups do n't exist in a vacuum , what we arm today are the next is tomorrow . 
  mujahideen , isis and probably now the `` moderate rebels '' . 
  either arm democratically elected governments or do n't do anything . 
  the current approach is not helping anyone . 
  given how the social climate changed we ought to rethink our approach to handling migration . 
  more security , more scrutiny and common sense . 
  no country `` needs '' migrants from the 3rd world , this should be reflected on who we allow in . 
  clean up the religiously segregated slums , integrate or deport , we should n't allow parallel societys to form , again , they 're not helping anyone . 
  on the actual war zone : the terrorist are able to operate , because there are n't enough boots on the ground . 
  bite the bullet and commit with an offensive , droning will never be able to stop this , especially given the collateral damage it operates with . 
  set prioritys and work towards them instead of the current perpetual war that has been going for more than a decade . 
  need to ally with assad to stabilize syria ? 
  do it , otherwise the conflict there wo n't end . 
  mena countrys do n't seem to be able to develop or even just stay peaceful because of islamic infighting ? 
  bring education , not war , do n't arm separatists/freedom fighters/moderates , provide education via humanitarian agencys , or let them fight it out , while sealing off the country from the rest of the region/world , so they do n't become exporters of islamic terror .
