  like some ee universities arent even close to the same standard . 
  on higher education , i doubt that . 
   as if all eastern european immigrants were high skilled , lol . 
  the west has massive costs and problem due to the economic mass immigration from ee . 
  yes , but given the west wanted the ee states to join , they ca n't really be surprised ? 
  is this the part where we get surprised about basic economical principles ? 
  skilled ee workers learn on ee 's money , get their degrees and leave for we to do the same job for 3-4 times the money . 
  they do n't `` pay '' for their education with taxes , take the place in education from others , etc. 
  and create a gap in skilled workers , since they leave for better payment . 
  there are n't as many young workers to support the welfare systems as the number of people and average birthrates would suggests , further eroding the quality of govt funded services . 
  bigger , more established corporations with cheaper production costs are able to overtake the newly opened up markets . 
  foreign corporate giants exploiting ee 's corruption with prices domestic competition ca n't match . 
  do i really need to type more out ? 
   workers logging remotely into the scada network , the supervisory control and data acquisition network that controlled the grid , were n't required to use two-factor authentication , which allowed the attackers to hijack their credentials and gain crucial access til national power grids have worse security than some online video game . 
   we 're using the european embrace of diversity for europe , using it to sustain growth and pay the pensions of older generations . 
  ye ... about that . 
  you should look at actual numbers . 
  nobody is going to bother reading this , but i still feel like we should be criticizing actual wrongdoings ( which there are more than enough of ) , instead of making new ones up , out of thin air , for partisan propaganda . 
   increasingly close relations with vladimir putin 's russia if you repeat this enough times , there is no need for proof anymore . 
  not a new tactic , so i 'm kind of surprised so many people fall for it . 
   poll which revealed that the majority of hungarians consider viktor orb\u00e1n 's pet project , the extension of the paks nuclear power plant , to be contrary to hungarian interests - the poll itself say that `` majority of '' is not true . 
  47 % say that , it is factually incorrect statement . 
  - the poll itself has 2 options for each answer and was conducted using an 1503 person sample size . 
  i have no idea how polls work , but this seems less-than-ideal . 
  everybody is entitled to their opinion , i agree , and i respect the finding , however , [ in 2014 the ** one nuclear power plant of hungary has gave 53,6 % of the electricity ** ] ( http://hvg.hu/kkv/20150204_csokkent_a_paksi_atomeromu_bevetele_bar_2 ) . 
  the oldest block ( it has 4 ) has an already extended certification to run until 2032 . 
  so i 'd like to ask people , where do you think a poor as shit country is going to get the money to build power pants that can run half their country ? 
  or are anti-atom people suddenly going to campaign to re-extended the certification an another 20 years ? 
  correct me on this , if i 'm wrong , but russia 's offer was the cheapest for hungary , so what is the conspiracy here ? 
  maybe if the french company offered to foot a bigger part of the check , they would 've won it . 
  people protesting against russia 's influence : where do you think gas and coal comes from ? 
  maybe it 's time you google it , because if paks2 does n't get built , this is where 90 % of energy in hungary is going to come from . 
   better informed people are convinced that the city of budapest was forced to buy refurbished outmoded metro cars from russia -- cars that kept breaking down -- in order to please the russians . 
  does this mean merkel has something on orban as well , because budapest had to buy the german [ combino trams ] ( https://hu.wikipedia.org/wiki/combino ) that kept breaking down to please germany ? 
  maybe if this `` article '' sourced some evidence instead of ridiculous assumptions that can be easily turned around , we could focus on the important part : ever-present corruption . 
   that vladimir putin has something on viktor orb\u00e1n which caused him to change course practically overnight . 
  [ ... ] gyurcs\u00e1ny continued , `` the prime minister should sue me over this accusation if he thinks that what i 'm saying is untrue . 
  in that case , i will prove my assertion . '' wonder where i 've heard this before . 
  i 'm sure he will also . 
  he is such honest and competent politician , that his government brought the economy to a standstill even before the economic crisis and sold off a chuck of the very few remaining profitable state-owned corporations , where suspicion of corruption came up in connection with mav cargo selling for example . 
   gerg\u0151 kom\u00e1romy [ ... ] threw ( washable ) yellow paint on the soviet war memorial [ ... ] received a fine of 30,000 forints ( around $ 100 ) , a * much milder sentence than m\u00e1rton guly\u00e1s got for a lesser act . 
  * marton gulyas was a repeat offender , and his crime was n't lesser , either . 
  ( he got sentenced to community service ) as for the chechen man threatening and humiliating the man . 
  i feel sorry that he has to go through this , regardless how little he cared about anyone else , other than him having the right to damage a memorial , this has nothing to do with international diplomacy , and trying to elevate it to such levels is just going to create international tensions out of thin air , for no reason . 
  if there is criminal wrongdoing in pressuring the man , the police can take care of it , but then again , how else could the opposition cry about russian terrorist network working in hungary with orban 's blessing , while presenting zero amount of evidence . 
  wonder if people who ( rightfully ) ridicule the soros-conspiracys ever turn around and think about the ones they 're propagating . 
  at least your tax baguettes are going to a good cause . 
  like campaigning for a candidate that was built by the corporate establishment . 
  aids can wait . 
   arbitrary every geographic line is `` arbitrary '' , the difference comes from the laws , public institutions and political representation on each side . 
  according to wikipedia , california joined the union in 1850 , - to me - that seems like more than enough time to build the man-made `` arbitrary '' societal structures that make it different from every other state around it . 
  i have no idea what does the constitution/laws say about splitting your state into small ones to game the political system , but since - to my knowledge - it has n't been done , i 'm guessing that 's not a realistic concept , thus portraying it as a viable alternative is pointless . 
   they just scale the big states down a bit . 
  yes , that is my point exactly . 
   except the system caters more towards swing states swing states are n't set in stone , what is a swing state is decided by the political climate , not a constitutional ( sorry if that 's the wrong term ) institution . 
  anything can be a swing state in xyz election if that definition fits the state 's voter composition . 
  i 'm not disregarding anything , i 'm saying , the fc was set up for this exact scenario , so the high population states do n't get to decide on federal matters on their own , by overshadowing small states with their numbers . 
  talking about clinton 's popular vote number is wholly pointless , because the fc was set up for that exact scenario , it 's not an `` unfortunate scenario '' , this is working as intended . 
  the fc is the plurality , otherwise you union would n't stay together , because the small states would be left out and would ( rightfully ) revolt , and with an union like the usa with it 's 2nd amendment no person in their right mind would go down that road . 
   i find something pretty crazy about the idea of just disregarding people 's opinions on the basis of their zip code . 
  then why are you against the ec ? 
  i 'm talking about cali , because that is where her 3m vote is from . 
  right , so how about the views of people who are n't california residents ? 
   so when you get a candidate who is completely against the plurality of the electorate what did clinton say that makes her the opposite of this ? 
   but ideally she would have won why ? 
  politics is clearly not about who is the best person for the job , but rather who can best get there . 
  if she failed to set a proper campaign strategy , even with the insane amount of resources and tail-wind from the corporate and political establishment , then she clearly is not who should 've won , especially if you look at the character of her opponent . 
  she lost to * that * . 
   the answer to anti-vaccers are education and availability . 
  grown , - supposedly responsible - adults refusing to look at the scientific consensus that is pro-vaccination . 
  what kind of `` education '' will solve that ? 
  who is going to pay for it ? 
  who is going to teach what and to whom ? 
  would n't the argument be there , that none should be forced to have their ignorance questioned , you have the right to turn this `` education '' down ? 
   not threats and violence . 
  neither happened . 
  it 's not a threat to take public safety above one 's ignorance . 
   no one should be allowed to tell you what you do with your own body except in specific circumstances evaluated case by case . 
  they should , actually , if your actions have an effect on other people 's health . 
  herd immunity is n't a binary , yes or no to protection , it just gets better the higher % of vaccinated individuals . 
  same with vaccinations itself , most are n't 100 % effective , and even if they were , your immune system 's state when contracting the disease is still a determining factor . 
  people seems so keen on forgetting that with their rights and priviliges comes responsibilities also . 
  if you refuse to bear your own share of responsibility for the health of other people around you , then those people should n't have to accept the negative consequences inflicted upon them by ignorant reckless morons . 
  we could also look at your comment history and dismiss everything you say , because all you do is throw around unsubstantiated claims with zero proof . 
  good thing we are n't pro-discrimination here . 
   brexit eh , that 2 % was probably juncker alone , if you could somehow summarize the effect his out of touch threats had on opinion . 
  does n't help that he is the personal embodiment of the `` unelected , old , redundant , out of touch , shady brussels bureaucrat '' that was one of the pillars of the leave campaign . 
  the number of people under surveillance is way more than the resources security services have in monitoring/investigating them . 
  this whole `` you ca n't arrest them if they did nothing wrong yet '' is true , but misses the very real point , if the number of terrorist suspects was manageable , the number of foiled terrorist attacks would be also higher , because the police could keep a closer eye on them . 
  maybe it 's time to put civilized human lives above the comfort of scum who are already known to sympathize with terrorists . 
  the difference between you and my lying is that i 've actually show proof where you 've done it . 
  but hey , i guess your feelings are just as valid as facts !, 
  why are you so prejudiced ? 
  what did i say that makes me think i 'm part of that group ? 
  thanks for the prejudice , again . 
  you are `` arguing '' that refusing to cooperate with federal law enforcement is not being pro-illegal migration , you know ... that thing in the name ... `` illegal '' , should give it away , that it is against the law . 
  is the law stupid ? 
  because that 's what you are `` arguing '' against . 
   you guys will defend any position vigorously as long as it allows you to feel superior about something . 
  that for the prejudice , again .
