  i agree . 
  are you really this ignorant of reality or just peddling on ideological waters ? 
  human rights outrank any `` custom '' , `` tradition '' or law ( that contradicts it ) . 
  is this such a new concept to people ? 
  any people rightfully despise the spineless hypocrisy of the swedish `` feminist '' government . 
  they are turning their own country upside down just to score an ideological victory , yet , when faced with actual sexism , oppression , patriarch they just join in , enable it and even validate it . 
  people resent hypocrisy , especially when the loudest and most obnoxious ones are doing it . 
  i never understood how a country with severe housing problem can accommodate hundreds of thousands of new arrivals in just 2-3 years . 
  other westerneu citys have their rent prices go up with like ~ 50 % just because there 's marginally less rentable accommodation and marginally more people looking for one . 
  can anyone shed some light on how is it even possible ? 
  except the ones the government has refused to release for more than a decade now . 
   as long as you are alt right and read breibart and other white nationalist `` sources '' then you get upvotes . 
  lot of fact checking there , friend . 
  tbh the article is more about arguing what the word means , rather than showing that it is n't an area with dire need of police intervention . 
  quite ironic tho , if you scroll a bit down on their front page , you can find out that the justice minister had to visit malm\u00f6 , because a dude got shot on the main square of the city . 
  clearly nothing wrong there . 
  i might be ignorant on the topic , i admit , i hate everything about communism , so i might be wrong on this , but was n't communism based on a class warfare when you have to seize the means of production from the oppressors ? 
  how is n't that hateful ? 
  how do you do that without violence ? 
  ah , the good old `` that was n't the right communism '' apologysm . 
  communism is responsible for more death and suffering than the nazi regime . 
  ( not that it 's a competition , just a demonstration ), 
  police are forbidden from giving out information on crimes , if it 's committed by `` the wrong people '' . 
  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/swedish-police-are-not-allowed-to-give-descriptions-of-alleged-criminals-so-as-not-to-sound-racist-a6810311.html taxpayer funded crime statistics have been held back for more than a decade , despite continued calls to publish them . 
  http://speisa.com/modules/articles/index.php/item.3594/sweden-refuses-to-provide-statistics-over-crime-by-immigrants.html you can also read the swedish state media 's own coc , it is quite impressive actually how they 're describing the need to skirt facts and obscure information . 
  http://www.svt.se/svts/article5384068.svt/binary/sverigespegling%20p%c3%a5%20svt%20nyheter.pdf i 'd also like to point out , that most of the information we have came from either leaks or disgruntled public servants , because the government and it 's service providers are refusing to disclose the information . 
  you could try to look up the whistle blowers , but it 's pretty hard to find proper sources with google . 
  i do n't want to jump into conspiracy theorys , but it does feel like anything that is n't reported on by the big established media outlets seem like something that did n't actually happen . 
  http://www.dw.com/en/lying-press-germanys-misleading-media/a-18816438 as for germany , the situation is better , but it seems - to me - they have their goals set and it lines up with sweden 's idea of a free press . 
   and when pluralistic media independence disappears in countries such as poland and hungary says germany and sweden , nice b8 m8 . 
   he sentenced one called his girlfriend in belgium te tell about the execution of one shiite and that call was tapped is the girlfriend getting charged for not telling the cops about what she 'd learned from a terrorist ? 
   those two sentiments are not mutually exclusive . 
  * if you refuse to accept the concept of responsibility . 
  pretty important detail you 've missed to add . 
   the eu was founded to achieve federalisation and nations were founded to conquer as much territory as possible , no matter the costs . 
  moving forwards and changing course for better outcomes is a thing . 
  also i might be wrong , but afaik the eu was founded to prevent the next war of the continent by creating widespread economical interconnections between the biggest players , that 's also why germany received the marshall money in the first place . 
   attitudes are obviously massively different when you compare nl and pl . 
  ye , one is happy for getting the fine end of the stick , and the other is unhappy it is getting the shit end of the stick if there 's a two speed eu . 
  i wonder why people feel so differently about the same thing ? 
  hmmm . 
  they 've released it in batches digestable for the media , just like any other relevant leak , like they did with the snowden stuff and the war logs . 
  you should n't take ccn 's `` released it at specific dates to maximise damage '' at face value . 
  not taking sides , but how do you think wikileaks gets their leaks ? 
  like they say `` i hate clinton '' and suddenly they acquire the dnc emails ? 
  it 's not their decision what gets leaked to them . 
  i also do n't buy that they received information on the other political candidates and they 're holding it back . 
  if said data was indeed leaked to wl , and wl refused to publish it , then it would 've been leaked to cnn/guardian , or w/e is on the perceived `` other side '' , do n't you think ? 
   refugee citation needed, 
  was n't the german press shitposting just a few weeks ago , that it 's merkel time in russia , since they 've won in the us ? 
  stuxnet , and i 'd wager most `` success storys '' are more about social engineering / exploiting a double agent from the inside to install the malware , than penetrating the networks from the outside . 
  at least they are allowed to keep one type of accurate crime database , baby steps . 
  with astounding reaching like this , you probably have the longest arms in europe . 
  good enough to make a deal with , without fearing it will use it against the eu . 
  let 's upvote salafism !, 
  so many great values , we as europeans should embrace , like treating women worse than farm animals , honor killings and public execution of gays !, 
  feeling more open and proud already . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying as well , fascism is n't a synonym for nazism . 
  fascists = / = nazis, 
   suck fidesz dick i think they actually hold them hostage for the 2/3 . 
  i do n't have a source , but i vaguely remember kdnp pushing retarded shit like closing the shops on sunday in the previous cycle , but the coalition abandoned it , because - well - it 's retarded and people did n't like it . 
  come this election fidesz is nowhere near 2/3 without kdnp , suddenly the idiotic religious horseshit starts getting implemented . 
  i 'm not american , just use the flair to flush out prejudice people . 
  you still have n't answered our question tho . 
  is racism an european virtue now ? 
  since you seem to act like you are the arbiter of european values . 
  did us had a policy of uk first or `` we are equals '' so far ? 
  or what is the sudden change of perception ? 
  she has to announce her arrival in advance , just like the tens of thousands of migrants that are flooding in , the law is the law , our expectations should be the exact same , no matter what `` side '' we are talking about . 
   if anything , we should be targeting their elections . 
  to do what ? 
  get to decide which opposition leader gets shot , because of his popularity ? 
  could you explain , please ? 
  so they will be forced to chose a land route , where thousands of them wo n't drown . 
  sounds like a humanitarian success to me . 
  is not baiting tens of thousands of migrants into drowning in the mediterranean fascism now ? 
  do you really prefer an ideological victory over a solution , especially when the solution means literally saving tens of thousands of people from dying a horrible death ? 
   unrestricted immigration is very good in the long term could you source that please ? 
  especially how is importing hundreds of thousands of unemployable migrants to `` save '' our aging population 's pensions ( the same pensions that will be split up to pay for the newcomers ' welfare , that is ) ? 
   but there should be a shared responsibility for these common borders . 
  hungary and the v4 proposed it , but was shut down based on what i 'd assume ideological grounds . 
   it 's the european youth who 'll build the future . 
  not them . 
  what have they 've built thus far then , or are `` they '' just going to jump out one day and take over the continent and lead it into nirvana ? 
  then i do n't really see the problem here , unless `` the women '' and `` the men '' pool their earnings respectively and divide it evenly among each themselves . 
   the wage gap is a quick example . 
  http://time.com/3222543/wage-pay-gap-myth-feminism/ myth 5 . 
  i find it weird how people see trump as an angry egoistic 12 year old based on his 3am twitter rants , but ignore the fact that bragging about obviously made-up shit is exactly what a frustrated egoistic 12 year old would do . 
   politicians generally presidents and prime ministers specifically leading business owners richest people do we reposes businesses and fortunes like the nazis did , and give it to women now , or how do you plan on righting this wrong ? 
  not trying to be a dick here , but to me it seems like an ideological moan rather than an actual issue . 
  you climb to those positions by ruthlessly lying , cheating and bribing your way , while steamrolling absolutely everyone in your path . 
  are we going to campaign now that `` let 's make/raise some more women to be spineless , compassionate-less and criminal to get to the top ceos of the world ? '', 
   top actors , singers and celebrities really ? 
  are n't women there already ? 
  could you elaborate ? 
   leading journalists women are a very clear majority in the us ( not in the eu tho ) , why they are n't in the leadership is explained in the first point , since it 's the same model in a different field . 
   intellectuals if i may be even more ignorant here - it 's a sales position after you 've got the `` smarts '' department figured out . 
  i doubt book sales are based on gender tho . 
  racism is not a virtue you should boast this proudly about . 
   understand international law .
