  ordinary americans are in charge of foreign policy . 
  seems legit . 
  implying american voters themselves gave any promise to anyone , i 'm sure that 's how it works . 
  i 'm not from the usa , i use the flair to flush prejudice people out . 
   you 're so completely btfo right now . 
  real redditors with real , first hand experience are btfoing your little meme i this the type of danger of vaccination i hear people talking about ? 
  is this how fast you 've forgotten about ukraine ? 
  i doubt that 's the case in europe , where society recognizes that women taking off work to raise a child should be financially supported . 
  op do you work there or something ? 
  you keep posting these things that have virtually zero visibility , sitting at single digit shares . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  i see , so it 's your prejudice against me that keeps you from looking at things objectively ? 
  ok dude , ignorance is fine , but ignoring his own words , because you 'd rather not believe it is really something else . 
  out of context ? 
  you can read the entire transcript . 
  are you seriously taking a political wikipedia article more seriously than his own words ? 
  you conveniently stopped reading before the point that actually applies to my statement . 
  his father gave him to a lawyer friend with forged papers to pose as a christian . 
  that friend worked for the nazi puppet government of hungary , reposessioning jew 's properties and goods . 
  that 's the part soros describes as a good year , when his caretaker was working for the nazi government , taking jew 's belongings . 
  while what he says it 's true , it 's a bit ironic , coming from the country that does the same thing , just on a much bigger and successful scale . 
  not saying you have to pick a side to be on , just putting some context around it . 
   nor have we ever needed them . 
  https://media.giphy.com/media/nt2uel4p9kk3e/giphy.gif i agree with the rest . 
  is this satire ? 
  so how is spending the pension money on welfare for unemployable migrants solving that ? 
  drawing a swastika on a bomb , because that 's surely going to stay there , nice manifesto . 
  fuck , these terrorist scum are really at the bottom of everything . 
  i have no idea what either judical systems give for arson , but is n't it being a hate crime ( antisemitism ) bump it up a lot ? 
  why ? 
  this is the bottom line of the decision is . 
  they got suspended sentences instead of ~ ~ a decade ~ ~ * , i think that 's exactly what that means . 
  * multiple years , as it seems , i stand corrected , ` hate crime ' sentencing works differently than i expected, 
   it conveniently forgets to mention that the arsonist were n't acquitted but actually convicted article says :  the perpetrators were given suspended sentences . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  i believe if actual military experts say that would be better , than i 'd rather trust them , actual military men , than some greasy , sniveling spineless politician . 
  and checking on the welfare recipients is racist , oppressive and hateful , as we all know it . 
  or how the white house press credentials work . 
  trump is getting shit for what he 's doing , because he is too arrogant to do what every other high ranking politician did before him and use the `` pr machine '' , instead he has to shat on everyone he does n't like , that 's why it 's reportable , but he is n't doing anything differently - in terms of effect - , as every other politician did . 
  really wish the trump hate momentum would carry over to actually fixing politician 's influence on the free press , instead of getting stuck being about `` i do n't like this guy '' . 
  i did , and i think half the population wo n't be protesting for higher electric bills ( while the infrastructure is being built ) and dangerously unreliable electric networks , something that inevitably comes with increasing the renewable 's share , sadly something that 's not being talked about in the ave-inspiring `` we can change the world '' videos of the revolutionary renewable technologys . 
  or the fact that the infrastructure is n't even there to begin with . 
  i 'm no expert , but as a low-ball guess i 'd say it 's a decade to build the renewable infrastructure in the first place , that is if someone foots the enormous bill and the layoff of 90 % + of the workers in the affected production share of the field . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do believe we are fucking the environment , but we have a preexisting standard of living and economy dependent on the current infrastructure that wo n't go away , even if more people become environmentally conscious . 
  shifting the very localized nuclear waste pollution ( that currently affect none , and is projected to affect none ; especially if we accept that scientific breakthroughs are in the works for dealing with the waste , just as there are in the works for developing renewables ) to horrendously pollutant ( brown ) coal is irresponsible , especially when the people in charge claim they do it to preserve the environment . 
  this is the problem with liberal europe . 
  you want an ideological victory , not a solution . 
  guess what ? 
  problems do n't exist in a vacuum , if you close down nuclear you still need to create the power supply , for that scale and reliability in germany , coal and especially brown coal is the only possibility . 
   nonviolent discourse http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2015/jan/14/george-soros-funds-ferguson-protests-hopes-to-spur/, 
  he is advocating for beyond-reason levels of `` borderless society '' , in his mind there is no such thing as nationality . 
   the free market the problem is , there 's no free market in today 's reality . 
  where capital can buy legislators it 's never going to `` even out '' in favor of the consumers . 
   they still steal vastly more than any government we 've had in the past ~ 20 years could you please give a source on that ? 
  wow 0.00003 % of migrants deported , crisis averted , time to celebrate . 
  i did n't accuse you of populism , what i 've said is how you 've fallen victim to the populism of your ideological leaders , despite them being the loudest about other political forces/leaders ' populism . 
  it 's not `` whataboutism '' to point out that you 're lying about sa and not equating it to russia , when both are engaged in illegitimate armed conflicts , both are top-bracket human rights abusers and both have committed documented war crimes . 
  talking about assad 's situation is not whataboutism , i 'm showing you that if you accept the narrative on assad 's conflict , you 'd have to categorize sa as even worse abuser , pointing out that if you fail to do that , it means your opinion is an ideological one , not a rational one . 
   i just do not find it geopolitically relevant on the same scale as what russia does ye , good thing you find funding the destabilization of the entire me , and the world-wide export of jihad and the most barbaric form of islam irrelevant . 
   saudi arabia is a piece of desert with special interests https://www.amnesty.org/en/countries/middle-east-and-north-africa/saudi-arabia/report-saudi-arabia/ right ... 
  i guess the irony is lost on people moaning about `` populism '' , but when it comes to their willful ignorance because of the mainstream media , it 's completely fine . 
  the yemeni huthi would be the same freedom fighters that the us is supporting in syria , if sa have n't bought itself into the west . 
  unsurprisingly enough sa 's war crimes are far better documented than the still alleged use of wmds on assad 's part , but hey , sa bought it 's right to commit war crimes from politicians and the media that 's feeding the ignorant masses like you . 
  keep pretending you have any understanding of the world around you , just do n't turn off the tv or you 'll forget the script that needs to be regurgitated . 
  thank you, 
  i 'm saying there are reputable sources out there , and just because one does n't like what the facts say , does n't mean the facts are n't true . 
  oh , i see , thanks , i agree . 
  ideas do n't lash people , ideas do n't demand ch to be veiled . 
  should i go on with every single one of the covers ? 
  have you actually seen the covers ? 
  ch is n't making fun of `` religious character from the religious tale doing something in their time '' , it 's making fun of how the adherents are practicing their religion now . 
  i do n't want to sounds dickish , but your `` censorship is fine , if i get to decide what it affects '' attitude is exactly why people are afraid to surrender their rights to censors . 
  it 's backed by actual stats , published by the eu ( and it 's member states ) . 
  is germany telling how many migrants entered into their country baseless to you ? 
  oh , sorry , i see now . 
  http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/biometrics-migrants-and-human-rights surprisingly level headed article on both sides of the story , given it 's from 2005 . 
  i guess `` outrage journalism '' was n't in then just yet http://www.nbcnews.com/tech/innovation/u-n-turns-eye-scanning-technology-aid-syrian-refugees-n458106  jonathan shannon , a professor and cultural anthropologist at hunter college in new york city and author of `` a wintry day in damascus , '' said he is `` deeply skeptical , '' since biometric scanning pushes the fine line between identification and surveillance . 
  http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/documentation/opinion-recommendation/files/2012/wp193_en.pdf eu \u0151rivacy watchdog 's analysis on biometric scans , according to them you could n't implement it into a migrant-database system , it would n't support the required criteria set up by the watchdog committee . 
  https://www.eff.org/deeplinks/2012/10/highest-court-european-union-rule-biometrics-privacy i do n't really know why i ca n't effectively google transcripts from the various eu meetins and the like . 
  i 've found some research papers that are behind paywalls , etc , but not what i 'm specifically looking for . 
  http://curia.europa.eu/jcms/upload/docs/application/pdf/2013-10/cp130135en.pdf ecj ( european court of justice ) ruling on storing fingerprints for an electronic passport . 
  if you read the ruling in detail , they say taking the fingerprint itself is already an infringement in the right for privacy/data protection , it allows it ( i have absolutely no idea how or why , i do n't have a law degree ) . 
  they also point it out , the only possible reason they allow this is if the data is stored only on the electronic passport chip ( which each person has , their own ) , collection of such data in a database is something beyond what they allow ( or the law does ? 
  i have no idea , again , i 'm not a lawyer ) . 
  which in itself prevents a retina database from ever being set up , and giving data chips for self-identification to migrants , whom a lot of already `` lost '' their identity on their way here would be just as useless as taking their information on paper . 
  i 'm lost , what are we discussing ? 
  i have the same view as tramagust , that iris scans are needed and are warranted for security . 
  i think i just misread his first response , thinking he was against it . 
   racism is no longer exclusive for races but includes groups of people in general . 
  is there a source on this , or are definition of words decided by feelings too now ? 
  none of the things you 've listed are races . 
  i 'm not really getting where you 're getting here . 
  could you elaborate ? 
  exactly what i 'm saying . 
  we actually agree , i just worded my first response the wrong way , but , yes , i agree . 
  maybe i replyed to the wrong chain ? 
  he is a prejudiced angry person , you can read the chain if you are interested . 
  the eu - as a whole - opens itself up for exploitation and fraud by having people register under numerous identities , which is aimed to circumvent security measures , they mask their past identity , - something you as a native could never do , for the exact same reason : posing a security threat - . 
  and the list goes on , if you ca n't track who enters , you 'll never be able to ensure the same level of security as you did before . 
  the native population has no obligation to accommodate others by sacrificing their own security .
