  based on what ? 
  do you think people who put their entire life , their family 's safety to leak to wl would just give up and walk away when wl refused to publish their leak ? 
  even if we get down to kindergarden level politics , the `` mainstream hates all 3 of them '' , so if wl refused to publish leaks on them , cnn/guardian etc. 
  would happily do so . 
  you are well within your rights to hate wl for whatever perceived wrongdoing , but maybe you should think on your own theorys , before damning the only organization that ever stood up for you future/rights . 
  in comparison there are barely any m\u00fcller stores , for example , for the most part it 's pretty much just in the biggest cities . 
  plus , i 'd say most people are n't aware of the difference between products sold , they just know the stuff they get is shittier , but do n't exactly know where and how to get the proper ones . 
  that and the fact wages are shit . 
  that 's how independent journalism works . 
  however , since you can literally watch the video footage , you can decide for yourself how you interpret it . 
   he clearly went to sweden with the idea the `` immigration is bad '' based on what ? 
  got ta beat the war drums , even if it 's just moneys . 
  get a refund . 
  bernard `` no refunds '' sanders still polled stronger against trump . 
   especially the latter part is significant . 
  a hypothesis is not proof . 
  you 'd wish . 
  every opposition party 's platform is `` boo orban '' , aside from that all they do is fight with the rest of the one-man despot partys , about who should be the leader of the opposition/left . 
  the big ones managed to backstab each other so thoroughly they had to split into 2-3 partys . 
   common in europe that 's not what your link says . 
  from your own link : `` one british expert says she believes many of the cases involving acid are linked to communities of immigrants from asia , with women attacked by their husbands or punished for refusing forced marriages '' . 
   [ common in ] as well as south american that 's not what your link says , either . 
  from your own link : `` according to researchers and activists , countries typically associated with acid assault include bangladesh , india , [ 44 ] nepal , cambodia , vietnam , laos , china , united kingdom , kenya , south africa , uganda , pakistan , afghanistan and ethiopia '' could you please point at which of these countrys is located in south america ? 
  this does n't prove your point , just fyi . 
  does labeling it ` opinion ' remove any obligation to be factually correct ? 
  i 'm not seeing where you are coming from . 
  how does this absolutely shit quality article gets accepted here ? 
  presenting ignorant , backwards `` feelings '' as facts , the coming of `` european trump '' , by the media that literally cried the actual trump into the white house . 
  how is this not a breitbard grade article ? 
  obama started out both unofficially and officially as a president to help shed light on the issues of racial minoritys . 
  any statistic that you are citing is partly the result of his 8 years , focused and regarded as a priority task . 
  if you still have some more capacity for more objective facts : chicago has been and still is under democratic leadership , not only it is one of the prime examples of what you are describing , but it is also where president obama came from . 
  maybe partisan witch hunting ( especially when you get the partys mixed up completely ) is n't what you should be doing ? 
  right winger !!!!!!!!!!!!! 111 !!!!, 
  stop, 
  thanks for your reply !, 
   this website is part of a campaign to better forecast , address and respond to disinformation . 
  the campaign is run by the eu 's east stratcom task force . 
  the team was set up after eu heads of state and government stressed the need to challenge russia 's ongoing disinformation campaigns then  disclaimer : the information , opinions and judgements presented on this page do not represent official eu positions . 
  money well spent , i say . 
  op is this your article btw ? 
  ~ ~ since today appears to be the 2nd day of this website 's operation , or did you just happen to find this gems `` recently '' ? ~ ~ i 've tried reading some other stuff , and found out there are older articles as well , just for some reason you ca n't access them from the front page . 
  am i blind or you really have no way of accessing them by scrolling/navigating like a normal webpage ? 
  you did n't . 
  you attacked the source , without disproving the claim . 
  you started talking about the known perpetrators , when in fact , the percent of unknown perpetrators was talked about , that 's what their claim was based on . 
  so yes , you still did n't told me why did they lie twice . 
  it is unfortunate that you refused to answer , why the swedish government lied twice in the report , in your opinion . 
  not surprising tho , just unfortunate . 
  you are a fascist , because you want to exclude other people from a civil discussion based on your political prejudice . 
  i 'm not going to spend an hour copypasting everything together , just so you can ignore it and fall back to some personal attacks . 
  feel free to read the thread and similar past one as well , most of the info is there . 
  i will however quote the swedish govt 's own words and show you what i mean . 
   swedish government agencies have nothing to gain from covering up statistics and facts ; they seek an open and fact-based dialogue . 
  sweden is an open society governed by a principle of public access to official documents . 
  the best example . 
  an outright , clear-cut , undeniable lie . 
  http://speisa.com/modules/articles/index.php/item.3594/sweden-refuses-to-provide-statistics-over-crime-by-immigrants.html  claim : `` there has been a major increase in the number of rapes in sweden . '', 
  interesting that they do n't even give an actual answer , just the script that has been repeated everywhere . 
  i admit , i 'm not a swede , nor am i an expert , so when the government claims , that they made efforts to increase the willingness to report sexual offences , i take that at face value , so i 'll just post what i 've found . 
  it is up to each person to decide how they are explaining it . 
   about 20,300 sexual offenses were reported in 2014 , which represents an increase of 15 percent since 2013 . 
  there was an 11 percent increase in the number of reported rape offenses , with 6,700 reported rapes being registered in 2014 . 
  the number of reported crimes of sexual coercion , exploitation , abuse etc. 
  increased by 20 percent by comparison with the figure for 2013 to approximately 1,520 cases . 
  from : https://www.bra.se/bra/bra-in-english/home/crime-and-statistics/crime-statistics/reported-offences.html altho there is one thing , i 'd like to add , because i was very surprised by , when i noticed it . 
   for example : if a woman in sweden reports that she has been raped by her husband every night for a year , that is counted as 365 separate offences ; in most other countries this would be registered as a single offence , or would not be registered as an offence at all . 
  this is an example they give , for why the number of cases is so high , yet i find this :  most of the sexual offences are committed in a public place ( 50 % ) , and the perpetrator ( s ) are most often unknown to the victim ( 63 % ) from : https://www.bra.se/download/18.35c681d4143337cb6b29e9/1395068367808/2013_1_ntu_2013.pdf pg47-48 this is talking about cases ( just as the govt response ) . 
  i find it ironic , how they give an example , that 's not representative of the reality of sexual offenses . 
  in my understanding that 's knowingly misrepresenting information . 
   claim : `` refugees are behind the increase in crime , but the authorities are covering it up . '', 
  people from foreign backgrounds are suspected of crimes more often than people from a swedish background . 
  according to the most recent study , people from foreign backgrounds are 2.5 times more likely to be suspected of crimes than people born in sweden to swedish-born parents . 
  am i misunderstanding something here ? 
  i 'd also like to add , in closing that the total number of offenses have been rising in sweden ( https://www.bra.se/bra/bra-in-english/home/crime-and-statistics/crime-statistics/reported-offences.html ) , which is contrary to crime trends expected in rich first world countrys . 
  it is especially surprising , if you consider the fact that sweden is usually above the rest of the rich eu countrys in those indexes , yet those other nations are having a downward crime trends . 
  do n't you think that 's curious ? 
  i 'm from the eu , only use the usa flair to lure angry prejudice fascists like you out of the closet . 
  thanks for the answer , clears it up perfectly for me . 
  was n't romania praised as an outstanding fighter against corruption just less then a year ago ? 
  did everything change under literally one night , or was this just a political campaign by the eu for the romanian govt , who did n't take an anti uncontrolled-immigration stance like the rest of ee , but had to stop , because such an obvious pro-corruption decision came out ? 
  is the swedish government going to be added to the disallowed source list on this subreddit ? 
  if anything this `` direct message '' / response is undeniable proof that they are purposeful obfuscating numbers , misrepresenting the findings of statistics and reports , in a coordinated effort to be the sole arbiters of `` truth '' in sweden , something that 's an exact opposite of both democracy and a free society . 
   but is n't the argument for the hijab that a woman revealing herself too much carries a sexual message ? 
  hair , shoulder , ankles do n't carry a sexualised message . 
  they way i understood it , it is based on secondary sexual characteristics , a scientifically quantifiable system , and not an arbitrary subjective religious/societal system of determining what carries a sexual ( aside ) message . 
  as for the `` nipple thing '' , they way i understand it , it 's private corporations ( such as instagram ) , that has the right to determine what they see as acceptable content , and they 've decided the female nipple is n't part of that . 
  unlike in germany - as far as i know - topless nudity in televised media is looked at completely different , than in the us , for example . 
  covering up is aimed at women , by the men of society , it is also not something that exists in a vacuum , it 's a symbol of the plethora of other oppressive acts , laws and customs aimed at degrading and limiting women and their freedoms in their society . 
  the root of the custom is gender inequality , plain and simple . 
  i 'm not sure about the legality of topless nudity in europe , but as far as i can tell in itself is n't illegal for the most part . 
  the law is n't gendered , enforcement of it might be different for genders in reality , since it 's not about `` the state does n't let you do it '' , but the effect of said nudity on other people around you , thus the possible difference in enforcement . 
  i 'm also not an expert , but from my 2 minute google research i 'd say for the enlargement of breasts in women signals their sexual maturity ( in anatomical terms , not legal ) , thus , displaying them nude carries a sexual message ( instead of a neutral one ) . 
  this is how i understand it . 
  you are oppressed if you are forced to wear degrading clothing that not only symbolises but enforces gender inequality . 
  what is so hard to grasp on this ? 
  if you ask an actual question instead of vague `` my ideology disagrees '' non-questions , i can actually try and answer you . 
  not being oppressed is . 
  it is a means for oppression , barring one 's ability to make independent , free choices ( no , brainwashing/societal pressure does n't undo that ) , as far as i understand it . 
  is exposing genitalia in public places a human right ?
