  does the world end or does the eu has to move forward ? 
  also , did you just assume my class ? 
  hitler should n't have killed innocent people , but he did . 
  what now ? 
  luckily they 're escorted to germany/sweden on taxpayer money by eu countrys they somehow are allowed to cross . 
  k , guess me explaining my point every single time you ask me to , then you going `` meh , fcuk this '' is some proper discussion right there . 
  glad you views or so perfect that there 's literally zero reason to share them , since noone ever can know better . 
  one that has a backbone . 
  one that can look into the eyes of the victims and their familys , knowing the perpetrator got what he/she deserved . 
  one that does n't insult victims by playing weasel out lawyer with the perp who knowingly caused the harm he/she did . 
  one where people with a spine would n't stand for http://edition.cnn.com/2016/04/20/europe/norway-anders-breivik-wins-suit/ this shit, 
  later on austria ? 
  they 've came to the same conclusions when the migrant wave hit them . 
  you ca n't give life sentences , because `` muh freedom to murder '' . 
  you have to put kids with very severe leraning disabilitys into the same class as the other kids , to avoid `` discrimination '' , regardless of the fact that 's prolly the worst possible decision , since then both type of kids will get lower quality education then they did before , compromising on the quality of education to avoid `` discrimination '' #worth . 
  want to `` defeat evil populists '' ? 
  how about a non-useless class about how the eu works integrated into the curriculum instead of useless changes ? 
   what are you talking about ? 
  building fences is not a common european migration policy but a blatant national egoism . 
  i hope http://www.politico.eu/article/viktor-orban-hungary-slovakia-from-protest-to-propose-eastern-europe-tries-new-migration-tactic-eu-commission/ is left enough for you to `` believe '' it . 
  i 've said the `` win '' part to the kindergarden analogy , not the migrants `` winning '' . 
  altho entering illegally into a country and being given money , housing , education , job prospects while you lie about your identity , well ... does tread real close to that . 
  meanwhile actual refugees are left behind by the system , because illegal immigrants clog it up and occupy all the resources/manpower . 
   no system whatsoever ; national egoisms ; uncontrolled criminals being able to travel from one eu country to another ( as in the berlin attack ) simply because there was not enough common immigration policy to check criminal records on eu level . 
  convenient is n't it ? 
  when it comes to brexit you say they 'll get terrored because they leave the eu 's `` shared safety institutions '' . 
  but when it fails miserably you claim there is n't even such thing in the first place . 
  the berlin attacker was allowed to roam free because the eu is too weak to deport illegal immigrants , even the ones that are already committing crimes , let alone tracked as terrorists . 
  let me go one step further tho : in a common sense migration policy if you ever lie about your identity you 're banned from the eu for x years . 
  in a common sense migrantion system the berlin attacker would 've been never , motherfucking ever would 've been allowed to leave the near-border detention center where he 'd been taken until they find out who he is . 
  he came from a safe country and lied about his identity multiple times in a common sense migration policy ( the one proposed by ee ) , he would not alone would n't been allowed to set foot in germany , he had been banned from every applying for anything in the eu based on how many crimes he already commited in the eyes of migration system alone . 
  did you just assume my nationality ? 
  i need a safe space now . 
  maybe i 'm mistaken but given the ever-growing divide , i doubt the eu was ever united . 
  i think the problem dividing it just did n't came up before we were allowed to realize , that the eu was n't ever actually united , that is , after we voted yes to joining . 
  tons of changes in the education , legal system . 
  lot of witch is perceived as weak , sniveling spineless bureaucrats who have no connection with the real world telling everyone else what to do ( i do n't necessarily agree with this , personally , altho a lot of changes i do think are mistakes ) . 
  anything about the migrant crisis and eu 's unwillingness to compromise for common sense solutions . 
  to give actual ones : willingness for self preservation , willingness to stand up for ones self . 
  yet when it comes to the ` overlords of eu ' , they can do anything . 
  sanctions on evil ww3 , literally hitler russia ? 
  no problem when germany wants to give 20b $ infrastructure to russia for nordstream 2 , even tho that 's the literal opposite of eu 's supposed mandate to reduce russia 's influence . 
  you are literally hitler , nazi genocide if you do n't uphold the outdated derelict international laws when it comes to migration . 
  eu overlords do n't like dublin2 international treaty ? 
  oh well , is gone now then . 
  `` we must help migrants '' , then proceeds to bait tens of thousand into `` crossing the mediterranian '' ( * actually almost all of them float a few kms from their shore into inernational waters , where the eu funded frontex and ngos fish them out and escort the across the mediterranian . 
  ) , of which lot of them drown . 
  ` peasants of eu ' says we should n't bait them into drowning , instead enact the common sense solution to ban anyone arriving on water from applying for asylum to make sure noone drowns because of us . 
  eu overlords : rajjjjjssisssst stapppp . 
  bending over backwards for spineless ideological nonsense ideas is still surrendering a nation 's identity in many places . 
   dublin2 never did that . 
  any attempt to correct that and make it a feasible and consistent eu migration strategy was sabotaged by the ee right-wingers . 
  ee said as long as economic migrants are allowed to exploit and clog the system they wo n't support any forced quota programs that would create a legal precedent for taking the ever-increasing number of migrants . 
  to me , that still sounds like the common sense position in this whole mess . 
  witch system ? 
  the one that 's so overly-liberal that it has zero strive for self-preservation ? 
  the eu sold itself ( or was sold ) based on the economic benefits , not the social/political downsides . 
  if the eu refuses to stand up for itself , that 's what happens . 
  the kindergarten level of complexity treaty that says `` if you cross the line on the ground , you 've won '' is n't made for the 21st century either , yet we still have it . 
  they hold 0 actual power ( the `` consult us '' is means nothing ) , and that was n't my point . 
  taking in everyone for months until their application is processed in a clogged-up derelict system is bs as well , leaving the entire eu with the mess . 
  i agree , sadly their inaction ( incompetence ? ), 
  is the problem . 
  most countrys joined for the financial benefits not for surrendering their identitys and rights , which is also exactly how it was advertised as well . 
  i get the dissatisfaction of `` true europeans '' with the `` freeloading newcomers '' , but if you ca n't enforce/unite the union , it 's your fault , not theirs , you are in charge , not them . 
  maybe if the eu ca n't unite it 's nations than it 's doing a sheite job itself ? 
  i get your point , but i do n't see the eu prosecuting itself for flushing dublin2 international treaty down the toilet when they felt it convenient . 
   attacks in france/belgium it has been reported that the attackers were able to move freely , because they hid in the uncontrollable wave of migrants . 
   legal immigration ( case of germany ) what ? 
   posed as egyptian and lebanese under various fake names , was reportedly classified as a terror threat and put under increased surveillance [ . . ] a court in ravensburg issued an order for his deportation in july . 
  it was unclear how he remained in germany . 
  what is `` legal '' about any of this ? 
   you said that tracking 1-2 million refugees was a problem and due to that it is easier to commit attacks ... 
  i ca n't recall every single article about every islamic terror attack in the eu this past 2 years , but if i remember correctly , in the bigger cases it was pointed out that the perpetrators either used the uncontrollable wave of migration or the clogged - thus , useless - migration system and agencys to avoid being found out/deported/tracked properly . 
  if that 's not the definition of what i 've just said , then i do n't know what is . 
   i say that until now , no one refugee has committed an attack in europe what ? 
  this was one googlesearch and 30 seconds away : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36880758 http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36837109 http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36879196, 
  i 'm not getting it . 
  islamic terrorism was n't the first kind of terrorism here , so we ought to accept it , or what is your point ? 
  i 'm sure the immigration agencys are busy checking the 82 million inhabitants bogus identitys with ~ 20 other countrys , just to try to figure out , who it is they 're already paying welfare to . 
  because those are the ones eu can prevent/influence ? 
  when was the last time any parliament had an honest and open discussion about islam 's effects on their country ? 
  you ca n't because the second you say anything negative about islam ( facts included ) , you are silenced as racist . 
  believe it or not , i 'm not a racist and i do n't hate muslims , the fact is however that most country 's immigration system looks unfinished and unprepared for the 21st century 's challenges and noone can change it , because they second they say it 's faulty , they 're being silenced by `` hurr durrr , don h8 brown ppl , as a progressive i see no race , but hurr durr don h8 brown ppl , cuz islam = brown ppl '' . 
  maybe i 'm ignorant or biased , but that 's genuenly what i 've seen in the past , saying that as someone who 's political stance is a `` common sense '' liberal . 
  source ? 
  the vast majority of terrorist that have been publicly identified in the eu in this decade have acted like almost complete idiots ( i 'm not complaining tho ) , but if those are the `` smart ones '' , well ... 
  if ~ ~ r ~ ~ ** d ** efunding them contributed to this , then yes, 
  yes , finally , after 1-3 decades of it working . 
  no , you use ` racist ' , because that indiscriminately silences everyone you hate , ironically that 's pretty much your definition of racism . 
  power plants ( and other facilitys ) have land cables , which you can actually secure for the most part , unlike wireless networks . 
  you either have access or do n't , that 's a simple rule of thumb in network security . 
  it was a retarded way to point out , that i think your questions are moot . 
  if the police is too stupid to do a proper job , it 's not any bystanders fault and never will . 
  do what you would do/did otherwise , you are n't responsible for incompetent people 's actions . 
  how is hating muslims racism if islam is n't a race ? 
  i 'm not trolling , i 'm genuinely curious when did the meaning of words change , just to accommodate hateful people ? 
   islamophobic honestly , what the everloving fuck that word even means ? 
  are you mondayphopic because you do n't cheer when you have to get up early after a relaxing weekend ? 
  are you unluckyphobic because you did n't win the lottery ?
