  it 's hard to stomach that you ca n't fix every conflict , and on the long run not intervening is the most productive approach , the west needs to understand that you ca n't `` cure '' islamic terrorism/regimes in mena countrys . 
  either their population does , or it stays . 
   who is `` us '' ? 
  americans or ? 
  `` real muslims ''  but when you actually ask people ( the political and social scientists in reddit , i mean ) what is this grand strategy they tell you ummm but but hillary 's emails lolwat  implying that there is an effective strategy and it is not considered due to `` political correctness gone mad '' people think you can prosecute them within the framework of a civilized society . 
  we 're doing that , yet the problem is still there . 
  nobody wants to admit it , but holding them to the same human standards as normal people is not working out . 
  every tactic they use is only effective , because we refuse to use the necessary force to defeat them . 
  communism did n't allow any form of political dissent and religion is a political platform in most states , for better or worse . 
  i do n't really see how religion helped against the communism , since everyone with a spine was against communism from day1 . 
  they see unbelievers as worthless sinning trash , i doubt they 'd care about what you do or do n't at that point . 
  also `` its a war of minds '' , thanks for the chuckle . 
  it 's a war of murdering everyone who is n't us , admitting that would help a lot in developing an effective strategy against them . 
  meh , people forget that for both of those 2 dictators religion was n't really about beliefs , but the fact that it 's a force that can influence people . 
  i ca n't talk for hitler , but in communism most of the anti-religion sentiment came from the fear of religious leaders having any influence over their followers . 
  that 's why everyone with any influence on others were forced into the party , to keep them on a tight leash . 
  you could n't even be a foreman of a 5-6 man crew or a vice-principal in a tiny village with < 60 kids without having joined the party , because the leadership was not going to allow any influencing force other than theirs . 
  given how hundreds of thousands are religious , it 's not surprise that the dictatorships were anti-religion . 
  that and murder would 've been hard to sell as a post-reformation christian virtue . 
  if you look into it , altho communists actually tried later on to recruit communist priests to spread their influence even further . 
  edit : also hitler was catholic and received praise from the church ( or vice-versa ? 
  i do n't remember ), 
  mind disproving it , telling me how it is n't the same tactic ? 
  riling up the public against a ghost ? 
   obama has not gone to the un saying `` look !, 
  look at this school that was shut down ! '', 
  that 's not how it started . 
  in fact the most important part is gradually shaping the public 's opinion . 
  but they 're busy building the groundwork for taking over the news ' narrative on what happened . 
  releasing reports about the hacking that does n't actually show how did it . 
  it is surprisingly the same as the bush-era in that matter . 
  they 're escalating a conflict that is n't there , riling up people who would n't care otherwise , based on false pretenses . 
  sounds familiar yet ? 
  i see you care a lot about democracy . 
  i do , it 's not whataboutism , when it 's 2 entirely different things . 
  i guess ` driving the narrative ' is still considered a `` conspiracy theorist nutjubs ' nonsense '' , even after all the fake news hype after clinton lost . 
  no , the difference is that the dnc one was actually proven . 
  yep , an act of war is the best way to end a presidency . 
  so how about the evidence on dnc manipulation ? 
  is that every going to mean anything ? 
  anyone have a link to the poll , or are we allowed to post news without any source ? 
  edit : thanks everyone !, 
   proposes a law that will never pass our supreme courts and this is prove to you that we are still nazis ? 
  meh , when poland did the same people were proclaiming the end of the free world . 
  i guess `` fake news '' will be defined on the same criteria : `` my '' political views . 
  i 'd say logic helps , altho we 'll never know for sure , so the next best thing is proceed with proportional reaction . 
  i personally think that assad had overwhelming upper hand and without the ` oddly convenient chemical weapons ' he would 've ended the conflict . 
  i know that i 'm taking a side here that 's not confirmed beyond reasonable doubt , but given how convenient that attack was for everyone else but assad , especially given how meaningless it was in terms of the actual conflict , i 'd say it was n't them . 
  that and after the whole wmd thing trusting the un is n't so easy anymore . 
  people were searching for a reason why the truck crushed into the booths instead of continuing the path for 5x more casualty . 
  my grandmother 's family was branded `` kul\u00e1k '' ( rich person ) for owning a `` butcher shop '' in a small village . 
  in reality it was a tiny room in their house , and they pretty much only started it , because the father was the only butcher in the village ( lot of men work killed in ww1 , there was a big shortage on rarer trades like butcher/baker ) . 
  their entire house was taken , they had to move in with their siblings ( back then a ` family ' meant 5-10 people at least , so stuffing ~ 15 people in the same house was barely feasible ) . 
  they ordered to have the `` summer kitchen '' ( not sure what 's the english name , it 's a standalone tiny building with a big stove , so when you had to cook big meals you cooked it there , to keep the house clean + they stored food and feed there ) refurbished into a stand-alone house where the govt moved a russian soldier and his wife in . 
  being branded `` kul\u00e1k '' meant that my grandma 's parents lost their jobs and had to take tiny side jobs , since they were barred from almost any full time job , since they were branded undesirable . 
  my grandma and her siblings were prohibited from seeking higher education , her brother who was in 3rd year of med school , when he was officially kicked out from the uni and never allowed back anywhere . 
  most of their furniture was taken away and put in the local government 's offices , which remained there well after ' 89 . 
  it would take hours to type and read everything to give a full picture of the social consequences , so let me just say one example : my grandparents barely talked about life under the regime , because it was hardwire into them to keep quite about it , they could n't risk saying any bad word about it to anyone . 
  that includes you own family as well , you ca n't talk about anything in front of the kids , because if they accidentally say anything in school about it , they 're guaranteed to grown up orphaned . 
  they could n't talk about it to coworkers/locals/friends , because you could never tell who was informing on others , just to get 2 extra breakcrumbs from the government for selling his/her humanity . 
  the regime was built on fear , anyone could be an informant and if they catch you even just saying anything you 're taken to jail or work camps for years . 
  when the govt could n't extort anything from my granduncle 's family they lined them up against the house 's wall and shot in the wall next to the father , hoping they 'd convince him to give up some more stuff . 
  the whole in the wall was left there as long as the house stood to remind them what they 've had the strength to go through . 
  to me the most blood-boiling injustice is how there was virtually zero punishment for the crimes of the communists . 
  if you compare it to what the nazis got for the holocaust then it 's simply incomprehensible . 
  you are free to see it as you fit , it does irk me tho how you seem to think the eu 's moral standard is high enough if it 's on russia 's level . 
  they knew what can happen and still pushed it . 
  the war started because the eu told ukraine it 's either eu or russian trade union . 
  the people wanted to break from the russian oppression and thought the eu actually meant the whole `` join us '' thing . 
  turns out the eu does n't give a shit and provided zero support for the ukrainians when they needed it . 
  nothing new i guess , in the '56 revolutions the west said `` no ty '' to the countrys trying to break free from russian occupation as well . 
  i just find the whole thing utterly spineless , how the west uses russia as the `` evil ruining our democracy '' , when their corruption is exposed , acts like russia is powerless when their political opponents say we need to take the threat of russia seriously , then knowing full fucking well , that pressuring ukraine without a nato membership into breaking from russia will result is severe consequences , then - after strongly worded speeches - , they proceed to provide zero actual support to the people they 've baited into a civil war . 
  fucking pinnacle of morality . 
  bamboozled by the west again . 
  i know i 'm being a spineless prick , but all ukraine was to the west is a big ass market eu wanted to add to it 's vassal collection and when they encountered resistance they 've just left it as is , destroyed . 
  in the morally superior west they do it remotely from a cozy office to infinitely more people . 
  how is that better ? 
  assuming my nationality is very racist . 
  never really understood how the eu is keeping peace in europe . 
  nato is , and the fact that people do n't want to die , starve or even just be inconvenienced over a needless conflict . 
  also , just pretending this is n't completely made up , what problem did the eu have in their grandparent 's generation ? 
  it was merely more than a lose economic union . 
  what problem could that have on an average person 's life ? 
  or when the next brexit happens because of his cancerous remarks . 
  they 're very great at pr . 
  giving an actual shit about emissions ? 
  not really . 
  how do you know , if we have n't tried it out ? 
  that 's how research and development works . 
  you ca n't just say it is n't a thing , you need to build it and see if there 's any breakthrough . 
  unbelievable racist . 
  i will not downvote this one, 
  honest question : if the afd said that they needed to make sure certain groups had to be protected from `` fake news '' , because they ca n't tell it from the real ones , would n't your first thought be : racist ? 
  you 'd rather trust putin 2.0 ( erdogan ) to fix eu borders than the eu itself . 
  looks like the project is a success . 
   no trial , no need to explain to the public what really happened if you need anything about this case to be spelled out for you , maybe the problem lies with you . 
  every bit of relevant information is out there , search for facts on both sides of ideological narratives and you 'll find the whole truth . 
  i do n't get the point you are making . 
  you are saying people joined based on misdirection . 
  so what ?
