  actually , older people vote for the exact opposite of fidesz . 
  and has been for a very long time . 
   birthright to cherry pick the obligations we have toward them i thought the member states are all equal ? 
  then why ca n't xyz state have an opinion on the future of the eu ? 
  which question is n't true , tho ? 
  the most dodgy one is the 4th . 
  i mean if everything is russian interference , why are n't the ngos that are politically involved questionable ? 
  did n't the thread about the debate yesterday ( or the day before that ? ), 
  say that le pen lost the debate , yet this polling shows her gaining ? 
  does this scenario sound familiar to anyone ? 
  is this the cognitive capacity of the next generation of politically `` aware '' people ? 
  rich = capitalist poor = needs communism sounds like a nobel peace prize in the making to me . 
  if the government lief about it , i 'd expected to find news articles on it , since - to me - it seems like a very big deal . 
  maybe i ca n't find them , because i 'm trying to in english . 
  that 's why i 'm asking , i 'm not saying anyone is lying , i 'm saying , i 'd like an official statement who i can trust 100 % , who has no partisan involvement . 
  i 'm saying i 'd love to see an official source , rather than the leftist media saying one thing , and the government-bought ( right ) saying another . 
  could you link a source please to the norwegian 's response , to me it just seems like politically biased news giving their 2 cents , which say different things . 
  so why did the norwegian govt agree to give a veto power to hungarian govt when it comes to who is able to allocate the funds if everything was perfectly fine ? 
  especially after how negatively the norwegians ( understandably ) talked about changing their system to be like more in line with the eu counterparts ? 
  seems pretty disingenuous to link the tax audit as some `` government weapon '' , when even before any auditing started the news of those organizations misappropriating eu funds was published . 
  i guess misappropriating eu funds is only bad when the perpetrators have the wrong political ideology . 
   no , it 's because the victim is a muslim . 
  if muslim groped a white women , this would have like 10k upvotes . 
  why are you lying constantly ? 
  i 've already called you out on a previous thread for this . 
  the previous month has 11 posts above 10k , none of them are about `` muslim ( groping ) '' . 
  the previous year has 41 posts above 10k , none of them are about `` muslim ( groping ) '' . 
  why are you constantly lying to push an agenda ? 
  that 's what happens when the sub is spammed with pics/comics/shitposts that have 0 value and push actual articles down far enough that most people wo n't see it . 
   makes you regret the dissolution of the ussr ... . yep , racking up 3-4 times the unmanageable national dept that most countrys are already plagued with , seems like a great idea . 
  i doubt that , given how small the difference was in the end . 
   dragged down with them ? 
  should 've voted . 
  i we can call one side idiots for voting x , then we should call people not voting at all idiots as well , when things do n't go their way . 
  i find it weird how people can tell it 's demagogue populism when the right throws `` dreams '' out , with no mention of how a solution would look like , but when pro-eu politicians do it , it 's suddenly is n't populism ? 
   with too much imagery and allegory that tends to happen when you refuse to admit that your `` ideas '' do n't actually solve problems , so instead of selling a solution , you are selling `` dreams '' . 
  quality proof . 
   you ca n't `` collude '' with a political action committee . 
  donations from groups to campaigns is regulated by the fec but not illegal . 
  pacs and private funding has been ruled protected by the first amendment . 
  https://theintercept.com/2016/10/18/hillary-superpac-coordination/ you are wrong on that one . 
   talking about some random imf fuckup in a conversation about the dnc . 
  you 've asked why they are n't jailed . 
  i 've showed you an apolitical example , because i expected you to be arguing from an ideological viewpoint , rather than a factual one , that 's why i give you an example , where you do n't have a horse in the race . 
  since you 've started crying `` shill '' , i can conclude , that i was right . 
  also the `` random fuckup '' you are talking about is about $ 404m ( $ 429m ) i 've linked the comey statement on clinton , when he said they wo n't bring charges , because they ca n't prove intent , despite the gravely negligent conduct . 
  they were smart , because they delegated the task of handing over all her work related mails to attorneys , who refused to review each email , instead , used `` searchwords '' to get them , when they were done , they 've conducted counter-forensic grade wiping of all electronics used . 
  comey also has to say that not bringing charges here , does n't mean similar situations wo n't get off without a trial , because the fbi head ca n't be endorsing destroying evidence and grave negligence handling classified material . 
  why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for conspiring against sanders ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for accepting confidential debate questions from a cnn employee ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for staging fake protests against trump ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for colluding with superpacs ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for having a journalist send his political piece to them for approval first , before his editor ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for telling msnbc what to cover and how ? 
  i do n't know . 
  why does n't the dnc has to face legal consequences for compiling a list on who might be appointed to federal boards and commissions from their donor list , and then the white house making a statement , how `` being a donor does not get you a role in this administration , nor does it preclude you from getting one . [ ... ] '' ? 
  i do n't know . 
   or else why have n't any of them been jailed for anything ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ghph_361wa0 does this come as news to you ? 
  or this one with the imf head ? 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-38369822 is this news to you , that this is how the justice system works for powerful people ? 
  how is interior policys that are allowed within the eu treaty 's legal framework , that do n't affect other member states a topic of disagreement within the eu ? 
  all the things you have mentioned have an effect on other member states , especially so since a lot of them are a question of monetary policy within the eu zone . 
  how do these 2 things compare ? 
  i did n't insult germany ? 
  i 'm just saying , this is what the last big crisis 's were about ( migrants , greece ) . 
  not from the usa , just using the flair to get other 's prejudice out in the open . 
  which freedoms are polish and hungarian governments trying to strip from eu member states ? 
  i was the eu 's `` ambition '' to get them . 
  now they have it . 
  disappointing that the thinking part only started afterwards . 
   someone 's reading the spin , and not the emails . 
  so the cnn colluding the with hrc campaign , then hiring the colluder who got fired for it into a top executive position is a spin ? 
   wikileaks choose to ignore it and focus on hurting the hilary campaign exclusively . 
  where is the proof that wl had any of that information ? 
   they leaked a bunch of stuff meant to deliberately ruin the hillary campaign . 
  if the truth ruins your campaign , maybe stop committing illegal shit ? 
   wikileaks went and did all they could to create chaos surrounding the hillary campaign . 
  the leaks were released in digestable batches , just like any other big leak was , in order to avoid the media reporting on only a few top storys and then forgetting about it . 
  feel free to check the timeline of previous big leaks wl did , you will find the same . 
   george zimmerman so what is the context here ? 
  the man is probably the most fitting example of what a ` racist cop ' is . 
  how did the media portray him wrongly if that 's literally what he is ? 
   to the alt right , is a pedophile convenient , is n't it , this new domestic boogeyman `` alt-right '' ? 
  a few idiots who 's extremist views will never be included in lawmaking . 
  as for the `` pizza '' stuff : the way those words are used is unexplainable , it 's an official correspondence , not some facebook messanger talk . 
  i doubt it 's the pedo stuff the top minds of reddit have put together , but i 'm fairly convinced it is a code used for something they were too scared to disclose on a digital platform . 
  wl can only leak what is sent to them . 
  eh , i sort of agree , altho a big part of politics , especially such on the eu level that people do n't have day-to-day interaction with is perception . 
  plus in a time where there are divide within eu concerning basic policy decisions , i think a position like tusk 's is important in bringing differing opinions to the same table . 
  i think it was especially noticeable at the height of the migrant wave , where tusk was a moderate reasonable voice , one could argue even impartial , bridging the gap between the 2 camps . 
  who ? 
  hungary supported tusk , poland - i 'd assume - has it 's interior reasons to oppose tusk , who - i 'd assume - gets an automatic pass on his past career on the eu level , because the eu finally has a charismatic leader , unlike juncker , who is arguably the best example of when people say `` brussels bureaucrat '' . 
  the vote could 've been swung yesterday , if young people gave a shit . 
  was n't that like ... voting on the referendum specifically held to let the electorate demonstrate their views for those in the government ?
