https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_great_wall_of_china#the_onset_of_the_mongols the wall stood for more than a thousand years , how is that not a success ? 
  it was n't built to stop mongolians from attacking forever , it was built to shield from smaller raids , which - given it stood for more than a thousand year - i 'd say it did well . 
  how is the north korean wall not working ? 
  pretty much everyone would flee to south , because of the unbearable conditions , yet only a tiny amount of people dare try , and even less succeed . 
  how is that a failure , when it 's holding back virtually everyone ? 
  do n't know about the rest , but both the wall of china and north korea actually worked well . 
  at least you 're convinced you 're smart , no one can take that away from you . 
  why , what 's the difference ? 
  how many followers do i need to have the same `` above the law '' freedom ? 
  what if i only have one less than said number , do i still get to get away with unlawful stuff ? 
   very in line with europe 's history of intolerance and totalitarianism i suppose . 
  why come here then ? 
   communism and nazism , two ideologies that likely killed more in a week than wahabism for its entire existence . 
  clearly the mena countrys are far better . 
  can i start a religion where we shackle our slaves and then parade them around , because muh freedom ? 
  sorry , i ca n't spell this example of hypocrisy better , my english sux and i 'm guessing stuff does n't translate well with context . 
  i 'm saying it 's hypocritical to call other parties populist , because - according to you , with no evidence - if they 'd elected would do stuff that you need to fear , but you saying that is n't the same populist fearmongering as they are doing , according to you . 
  you as in people in general with this opinion . 
  i love how * `` the parties i do n't like are fear * '' , but '' * we need to stop the parties i do n't like , because there are grave consequences if we do n't , even tho i produce no evidence to support that claim * '' is n't . 
  maybe some self-criticism is what 's needed , do n't you think ? 
  glad , that charlie hebdo is a liberal outlet , so it ca n't be accused of racism . 
  oh well , if the black president could n't be bothered to `` fix racism '' , maybe we can focus on actually fixing racism instead of pushing feel-good ideologically biased and by definition racist policies . 
  justice is n't forbidden in the corporate usa , all you have to do is ask the people to decide . 
  even if you hate trump , justice must prevail in the face of oppressing corrupt regimes . 
  sorry for the late reply , but i honestly was n't sure if you are trolling or serious . 
   meanwhile , fidesz does nothing against it . 
  orban remains silent about this incident orban said people like that are going to be prosecuted strictly with the utmost strength . 
  http://444.hu/2016/10/26/orban-viktor-egyutt-erez-a-bonyben-lelott-rendor-csaladjaval# or at least that 's what google translate said  militarize society i honestly do n't know what propaganda you are fed , but military is probably the least of concern of the govt , especially since the funding required to make anything out of the current state of the military is astronomical . 
  mandatory military service was abolished in 2004 , fidesz in opposition supported it . 
   attack the welfare state `` who \u00b4 s task is to check the receivers for tidiness and hygiene at home '' how is that a bad thing ? 
  i disagree tho , every few years there 's a public case where kids die / are horrible abused because state/social workers are so powerless and barred from any action that the kids literally die over the course of months without any legal action being able to be taken . 
  yet on the other hand fidesz made the biggest public employment program in the country since ' 89 , giving work to hundreds of thousands of people . 
  how is that an attack on the most vulnerable of society ? 
  they started csok ( i think is the name ? ), 
  where they give millions of huf to familys with kids to buy houses . 
  giving millions to welfare receivers , how is that an attack on them ? 
   attack on press-freedom if nepszabadsag was such a profitable bastion of freedom of speech why was it sold twice ? 
  why did n't the enlightened progressive austrian owner kept hungary 's `` only '' bastion of freedom out of harms way ? 
  i doubt it matters tho , since the biggest online media outlets have always been - laughably - biased for the left . 
  i do n't mean to come across rude , but drinking the spiegel-aid is ironically more authoritarian propaganda than the evil fidesz ever did . 
  you are either ok with pro-russian govt or not , you ca n't have it both ways . 
  fidesz is n't far right . 
  hungary is n't pro-russia , if anything most people still remember what communism is and any pro-russian government would get overthrown , with force if necessary . 
  unless the eu changed to a gdp-weighed voting system hungary is n't anti eu , it just wants the eu to go into a different direction than germany wants it . 
  pro-putin orban going against eu again and giving his ~ ~ college roommate ~ ~ evil twin brother , veri danger dictator twin influence over eu ... oh wait , it was n't him . 
  am i missing out on a new meta or why are people making burger jokes after a shooting ? 
  he was n't arrested in the uk ? 
  if he is arrested , he will get extradited , the two are the same thing . 
  just to clarify , i 'm not saying he should be allowed to dodge an investigation , but if swedish authorities wanted to hear him out in the past 3 ( ? ), 
  year , they could 've done so . 
   given that one of the us 's biggest allies is the uk . 
  good thing he fled to ecuadorian grounds then, 
  at least you can go on knowing you are right . 
  i guess that 's most important . 
  and nothing happened every since , just that one event ? 
  i do n't think blaming swedish people for this tragedy is an acceptable reaction , and in the same way you blaming * everyone else * is just as `` cuntish '' , to quote you . 
  just as the post i 've replied to , i 've talked about what gave orban the power on the first win , not what the media landscape is now . 
  so why is n't that in the eli5 instead of lying and whitewashing the left ? 
  conveniently left out the part , that people became disillusioned because of how much the left lied ( `` there wo n't be a residential gas price increase '' , proceeds to increase the gas price - what was it ? 
  6 times ? 
  ) , or how the left crashed the economy with the gyurcsany-comag even before the world economic crisis hit . 
   other parties communication still followed the old method : assume a medium-high level of informedness from your voters i do n't know why you link anything that 's this blatantly idiotic . 
  i guess gyurcsany admitting on a leaked tape that all they did was lie to people is the left 's definition of `` communicating with highly informed people '' . 
  also find it weird how it talks about how orban is supposedly building on `` online armchair experts '' , when the five biggest online media outlets are between left-leaning and very left-leaning . 
  same goes for the tv outlets . 
  despite the extra money the public broadcasting gets , it is pretty much the least watched channel . 
  before that the only right leaning tv channel was hirtv , which you had to buy cable for , or echotv which was much smaller and less relevant . 
  also find it weird how anything soros-related gets you called a conspiracy nut , but somehow this one american republican advisor won the election for fidesz , single-handedly ... 
   unacceptable intellectual dishonesty that 's exactly what i 've raised a point against . 
  will you link the dublin 2 international treaty too that was unilaterally flushed down the toilet when that was convenient ? 
   as it happens that merkel actually wanted to prolong their lives but then fukushima and mass protests happen . 
  but you would already know that if you were even a tiny bit interested in the truth this is the 2nd article if you google it , but i guess i 'm the ignorant one . 
   nuclear physicist why is her phd a positive when she fear-mongered against nuclear for coal ? 
   because fidez , many young leave the country how would 've mszp raised the wages , when their gyurcsany-csomag brought the economy to a stand-still before the financial crisis hit ? 
  people were told their country will get integrated into the west . 
  people thought that mean getting western ( - like ) wages . 
  the governing left lied about what the eu will give hungary , people did n't understand what the economic results will be . 
  nowadays i 'd say a lot of people with the language skills rather go take a labor job in the west for better wages then use their education in hungary for less . 
   functional integration-supporting infrastructure is that what they call the multiple kilometer long fence ? 
  because if not , then that 's not what the money was spent on . 
  there is more than enough true reasons to criticize the government you do n't need to lie/make up new ones . 
  if politics was about simple and based on common sense decision , then today would look very different . 
  no politician is going to touch what has been labeled toxic on the eu level to jeopardize their domestic electability and potentially give ammunition to their domestic opposition by embracing the `` orban way '' . 
  plus agreeing with putting an end to uncontrollable migration is the exact opposite of the ideological beliefs of the vast majority of leaders . 
  however orban did garner support , if anything this resurrected the v4 group , and is a common ground on which managed to improve relations with slovakia for example , who 's leader does n't like obran or his policies , but supported his efforts in bringing an alternative to the eu . 
  same goes for italy , greece . 
  one of the best examples is the `` journey '' austria went on . 
  before the migrants reached them , they 've called orban nazi ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-iduskcn0rc0gl20150913 ) . 
  however when it was their own borders , their own burden , their own problem , they 've silently started to change their stance , and built their own border fences and buffer zones . 
  they distanced themselves from the `` orban way '' , yet did the exact same thing , because that is what worked , but could n't publicly admit/embrace it , because it 's toxic politically . 
  ye , that 's what happens when the mszp drove the economy in the ground , sold off the remaining profitable government owned companys and managed to bring growth to a grinding halt and drive inflation up before the economic crisis hit . 
  maybe that 's part of the reason why they are n't getting elected anymore , as well ? 
  to me - and i 'm not an economist or expert or anything - seems pointless to set a time interval that encompasses both the failed mszp economic changes and the worldwide economic crises in trying to determine the effect of the eu development aid , that unlike the previous 2 , does not have an effect on the national economy as a whole . 
  now i 'm not saying that hungary does n't need the eu ( and the aid ) , obviously it does . 
  just seems weird how eu development aid is portrayed as the most vital part of the economy , when in fact it failed to reform and modernize the economy , and when the aid dries up , hungary goes back to the trajectory they would 've been on otherwise , because the systematic reforms , like modernizing infrastructure and adequate trained work force did n't happen . 
  the infrastructure was n't modernized , because the tenders where created to use the aid , rather than to accomplish modernization goals , and the trained workforce just left for the west ( brain-drain ) , because they get paid far more for the same work . 
  i thought the eu is - and aims to be - better than the us ? 
  i think when it comes to utility price reducing , maybe it 's the eu that should consider changing rather than a country . 
  i finland being shunned , because they 're trying out universal basic income that hurts the market competitivesness , or w/e is the reason why the utility price reduction is being pushed back ? 
  source ?
