   poland and hungary cause enough trouble to be honest . 
  every state is equal until they think differently than germany , then it 's suddenly anti-eu . 
  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-iduskcn0rc0gl20150913 throwback thursday : before the migrant wave reached austria . 
  i 'm sure threats will convince people to make the correct decision . 
  just like juncker 's did with brexit . 
   bigotry economics is bigotry now . 
  i 'm done . 
  good day !, 
   and you would never know their religious ideas unless you spoke to them about it . 
  i 've never said one word about religion thus far . 
   with assistance from the state again , i 'll ask you : do you think in the current economic atmosphere people are happy that on top of the welfare their tax will go into programs that have doubtful results at best to promise ? 
  there wo n't be a significant increase in low-skilled worker demand on the market , so i 'll ask again : why do you think people are turning to right-wing ( anti-immigration ) partys , seeing the well documented statistical consequences of the current immigration policys ? 
   they look for a scapegoat . 
  so you think the first , second and third generation migrant communitys that have formed parallel societys , have high unemployment rates , high crime rates and refuse to accept the same social values the rest of their host nation has , are a `` scapegoat '' , rather than part of a problem ? 
   rise of the far right so why did that happen , in your opinion ? 
  wild guess , but i 'd say the toxic stuff is cheaper and more effective against a wider range of pests . 
  wikipedia says , the members of the board responsible for bbc are appointed by politicians ( ministers ? 
  i 'm not familiar with the precise inner working of the british govt ) . 
  so the government both finances and appoints leadership to the bbc . 
  how is that different than any other state-owned media outlet ? 
  why ? 
  ( genuine question ), 
  is giving social housing and welfare for ~ ~ sitting around all day ~ ~ plotting terrorist attacks rejecting ? 
  i did n't accuse you of anything . 
  i made an objective observation that you had no idea what you are talking about , based on your objectively ignorant statements . 
  you seem very smart , i admire you . 
  you said his bankruptcy was `` just '' a restructuring off assets to cut losses . 
  i 've said it is a restructuring of assets , thus you 've agreed with me . 
  i do n't know why you are foaming at the mouth , then type out that all i 've said was factually correct . 
  sorry that my typos ruined your day . 
   had to declare bankruptcy repeatedly despite constantly dodging paying his taxes it should n't be called bankruptcy , because people like you do n't understand it 's a simple restructuring of assets , rather than mr. xyz going to the bank and turning his pockets inside-out with a big frown on his face . 
  reap up on how taxes work , because you have absolutely no idea about those either . 
  never mind the fact that the only actual evidence of his taxes show him paying twice the rate of bernard `` no refunds '' sanders who has been crying about paying for free college , too bad he refuses to pay his fair share of taxes . 
  treat foreign religious funding for what it is : foreign political donations to undermine democracy , erode societal cohesion and fuel violence . 
  expel/ban/imprison ( applied with common sense ) the ideological leaders who spread/teach/support values incompatible with a civilized western society . 
  if you refuse to be part of a civilized western society your welfare is tied to educational programs where you have to learn and demonstrate that you can be a functioning member of society . 
  dissolve parallel societys with the help of the above , and focus on giving women a way out , both via housing , education and then public service positions , so you can ensure their employment , and let them rebuild their lives , in a free community . 
  see ? 
  no violence needed . 
   that was not my point , it 's good are we are bombing them in what country are you bombing to fight against domestic terrorists ? 
   there worse car accidents most days here in the uk . 
  would you like if that was n't the case ? 
  people enacting reasonable changes to avoid that ? 
  i 'm not saying it fixed any problems , i 'm saying it 's the opposite of freedom , and how conveniently people ignore it , because they do n't live it/near it . 
   with more freedom a quarter of molenbeek was searched , door-to-door . 
  i guess white flight really is a thing up there . 
  why did the austrian owner sell n\u00e9pszabads\u00e1g if it was such a profitable outlet , such a bastion of freedom of speech ? 
  they will be forced to take a route , where they do n't drown in the tens of thousands , how is that a bad thing ? 
  clearly no matter how much effort people put into convincing migrants to stop going on the sea to reach the eu , they still do it . 
  the eu does n't have the capabilities to fish tens of thousands out of the sea just miles from the african coasts . 
  they were told to not do it , they do n't care . 
  just like they did n't cared about not crossing borders illegally when asked to cross at certain points where they can be officially administered , so countrys had to build fences and deploy serious manpower to get their point across . 
  i do n't see how convincing them to stop taking the route where tens of thousands of them drown would be any different . 
  actions have consequences , if they refuse to understand that , that 's their fault , not others ' . 
   imo , the main ideological defeat is that some countries in europe are not hosting their share of refugees . 
  says who ? 
  the resolution to evenly spread migrants was not passed because some countrys objected , that the system is exploited by economic migrants and they wo n't be taking those . 
   on a separate note , a community of ca . 
  550 million that ca n't take in as many refugees ( 1.8 million ) as sudan , pakistan , iraq , turkey and syria each individually , is sad !, 
  why ? 
  it 's at least 5-10 times cheaper to host migrants in their neighboring countrys than host them within the eu . 
  you should read about the issue , because it 's pretty simple . 
  http://www.unhcr.org/575e74567.html damn , those heartless westerners and their contributions . 
   perhaps we could hire blackwater to cull the tide . 
  / s we could for example ban applications of people who 've crossed the mediterranean to stop baiting tens of thousands of people into drowning , which would also reduce the incentive for economic migrants as a byproduct . 
  sadly the eu leadership thought that 's too much of an ideological defeat for them to admit . 
   there has n't been a functioning government in some regions in syria for going on 5 years now . 
  so if people ca n't prove the validity of their claims why should any legal authority take that at face value ? 
   cause when you have 4 mil people dislocated from 2-3 countries ravaged by conflict it becomes really hard to make a difference between economic migrants and refugees ... why ? 
  how does that apply to anything discussed here ? 
  free movement within the eu is part of being in the eu . 
  countrys knew that , when signing their membership . 
  what are we talking about then ? 
  the article talks about immigration , not about accepting refugees of war . 
  i understand , because of the way a lot of times media outlets tend to use `` migrant '' and `` refugee '' interchangeably ( despite the fact the are completely different things ) people tend to mix things up a bit , when it comes to what is a right to whom and who has what obligation when it comes to others . 
  that 's not an answer to my question . 
  also anything significant is the - st thing since ww2 . 
  do you think the economical climate is comparable even the slightest ? 
  wife : http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/orlando-nightclub-massacre/wife-orlando-nightclub-shooter-knew-he-was-going-commit-attack-n715636 https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/no-evidence-so-far-to-suggest-orlando-shooter-targeted-club-because-it-was-gay/2016/07/14/a7528674-4907-11e6-acbc-4d4870a079da_story.html?utm_term=.606a8653087b on being gay : `` the fbi , however , has been unable to verify that mateen used gay dating apps and instead has found evidence that mateen was cheating on his wife with other women . '', 
  on being an islamic terrorist : `` fbi director james b. comey has said mateen was radicalized and had previously been the target of a terrorism investigation . '', 
   us religious nuts ( orlando ? ), 
  he was an islamic terrorist , the whole `` he is gay , the wife does n't know anything , no evidence of him being muslim , etc. '', 
  was just a false narrative , because trump was getting way too much traction with the islamic terrorist routine . 
  i do n't really get your point tho . 
  what does autistic children across the us has to do with wilders in the netherlands ? 
   the structural advantages of aggressively pursuing these trade agreements far outweigh the short-term negatives . 
  for who ? 
  even if you are n't he one getting fired , losing job security , having your town plunged into unliveability , you are still the taxpayer who has to pick up the tab at the end of the day for the people who are . 
  unless you are a corporation your bottom line probably is n't a positive . 
  that 's only for the ones already passed , not the ttp `` lesser evil '' horseshit , with their secret kangaroo courts holding entire nations hostage / bankrupting them , just because tinycountry4 said the do n't want their flowing waters/whatever polluted beyond recognition . 
  why ? 
   was n't the argument yes , but not the reality . 
  just like how nafta was sold as something that would stimulate the american economy by creating jobs . 
  the problem is those jobs are n't held by the us population , they 're shipped beyond the border to lower expenses of the companys . 
   you can practically only vote between 2 people it 's not the people 's fault that one party fixed their primary and the other one got shat on for being trash * by a random dude . 
  should victims of domestic violence not be called victims until they themselves admit there is a problem ? 
  arguing on ideological ground only works until you try to implement the same reasoning on other issues , where you are n't taking an ideological stance . 
  this is what he was told on ~ ~ breit ~ ~ leftbart , so this is what he parrots , do n't push it , he has no idea , but since only the right wing shitprinting media is called out , they are still convinced what they say is credible . 
   problem with wikileaks is that they are super biased . 
  you think they have nothing about trump , putin or le pen ?
