  she sounds so cute speaking german . 
  do n't get cocky just because of prevc and maze . 
  well good for us . 
  well you wo n't ski there with that attitude . 
  you have mountains . 
  in the carribean but you still have mountains . 
  i thought it was more well known that a lot of dutch people come to austria for skiing . 
  so many in fact that a lot of ski instructors are dutch . 
  it 's 3-4 $ for most , beer wine or shots . 
  so it depends how many you drink in a night . 
  dutch : i can speak a few sentences because i work as a ski instructor in winter . 
  it works pretty well but the dutch kids always think i am fluent so they tell me stories and i 'm like : `` ahah ok goed , goed , ok , ok . '', 
  we have specific trade schools which work nearly the same way . 
  most apprenticeships last for two to four years . 
  you learn your trade on the job and in a school . 
  after that you have to do a test . 
  in the end you can qualify for higher schools . 
  you can also become a master and have your own company where you have your own apprentices . 
  never claimed it was unique . 
  i actually kind of think it 's a cool system . 
  learning by doing . 
  there 's a creature in the folklore of the lech valley called the bluatschink . 
  it would drag people , mainly children , who come to close into the river lech . 
  becaue the lech valley is sparesly populated barely anyone knows of it . 
  then of course we have the krampus . 
  a scary demon that punishes bad children on st. nicholas day . 
  also we have the wolpetinger which is a mix of several small critters , like rabbits , deer or birds . 
  they 're often kitschy souvenirs . 
  appearantly their roots go back to the roman times . 
  just imagine it like being a jedi . 
  you go to work and learn your trade under a master . 
  not in high schools . 
  you pretty much get hired by an employer and are an apprentice for a few years until you move a rank up . 
  it 's pretty much like being a jedi only as e.g. 
  a hairdresser . 
  franz joseph is smiling from the heavens . 
  thank you for your submission to the austrian empire . 
  your arrest for blasphemy against glorious austrian bureaucracy will follow shortly . 
  [ fizzers ] ( https://www.google.at/search?q=fizzers&amp;client=ms-android-oneplus&amp;prmd=isvn&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewia6vut2tjtahwlorokhrhybjiq_auicsgb&amp;biw=360&amp;bih=560 ) . 
  i used to get a handful from my hairdressers and from the woman who owns the flower shop in the village i grew up in everytime . 
  are n't you forgetting s\u00fcdtirol ? 
  you do know that the south tyrolians speak like that because of us ? 
  thank you . 
  your submission to the austrian empire will be processed . 
  it 's right at the border to the 8th and 9th . 
  just take the u6 to josefst\u00e4dter stra\u00dfe . 
  ewww, 
  are those dubs or voice overs ? 
  well if it 's red and says `` make america great again '' . 
  do n't expect to think you 're european . 
  do n't you mean that just because he has a few rolls it does n't meant that he ca n't chat up some girls ? 
  how is it broadcasted in estonia ? 
  subtitles ? 
  oh i thought camp as in campsite . 
  what is pastoral camp ? 
  wingman in the 17th district . 
  it 's not on mjam afaik but on uber eats . 
  just to clarify : rosamunde pilcher is this god awful german show that takes place in england . 
  everything is romantic , there 's sheep and gruff but friendly farmers everywhere . 
  they all are played by german actors . 
  it 's all about intrigues and rich people . 
  what granny likes , you know ? 
  there 's also sturm der liebe which i can remember was on tv all day when i worked in a retirement home . 
  the variety you speak is not a sign of intelligence . 
  if you want to sound like a pirate/sea dog ? 
  yes !, 
  there 's this korean fried chicken place in vienna . 
  it 's the best chicken i 've ever had in my life . 
  schelfelen : boiled potatoes with bread and cheese . 
  it 's much better than it sounds . 
  especially camembert or brie go well with this . 
  britain outside of brighton is n't green enough . 
  i rarely drink almdudler but god i miss it when i 'm away . 
  noam chomsky is one of the most influential linguists . . 
  comparing him to michio kaku is an insult . 
  it 's because the arabic number system is written from right to left . 
  i actually started writing seriously but then i noticed i had the prime opportunity for a joke . 
  well i 'd think of better cooperation with hungary , slovakia , croatia , slovenia and czechia . 
  while you 're at it we could all share a currency . 
  how about we have a common army too . 
  we already got so far so we could move everyone 's capital to vienna . 
  and because voting presidents is hard with so many nationalities involved why not just have an emperor on the top ? 
  the only one i know is kleider bauer . 
  they have a good choice of brands . 
  but that 's the only austrian clothes shop i shopped at . 
  the commission and how it has become inefficient with every member country having one comissioner each . 
  i did n't word it like this . 
  but that 's what i meant . 
  the bitter middle aged lady who longs back for the days when she was married to hungary . 
  now she 's not befriended to anyone and stays in her house most of the time . 
  but when she leaves she loves grand entrances to reveal her newest schemes . 
  edit : back in the day she adopted a few children . 
  some of them began to resent her because she was n't the best mother . 
  after she got divorced with hungary they left her . 
  she sometimes checks after them . 
  especially after croatia and slovenia had a bit of a rough time when they moved in with their biological brother serbia . 
  and although they took over a few mannerisms from her they 're adults who have their own lives now . 
  this along the uniformity in the size of tractor seats is used by the press in austria zo make the eu seem like they waste their time on trivialities . 
  oh god our history teacher believed in the first one . 
  it is based on real laws that were put in place so that the transport would be easier if all the fruit can uniformally packed .
