  edit : why the downvotes for facts ? 
  herbal tea is a really broad term . 
  there 's more than enough good teas . 
  in germany most people do n't drink tea like you do . 
  they mostly have fruit teas . 
  black tea like yours is more popular in the north . 
  we have some of the lowest obesity and highest overweight rates . 
  if you look at our cuisine and our love for beer not that suprising . 
  auatrians are generally sporty though or at least walk a lot . 
  centuries ago heavier women on the countryside were seen as beautiful or atleast wealthy . 
  there 's some folk songs about that . 
  i do n't know about the general attitude with overwightedness but i have a few friends who said they hate fat people . 
  but i do n't want them to speak for the whole country . 
  i do n't know anything specific but [ there 's some info about the court ceremonial ] ( http://www.habsburger.net/en/chapter/omnipotence-etiquette-ceremonial-viennese-court?language=de ) . 
  also you have to imagine that this was a time where most people would n't leave the vicinity of their homes . 
  so almost everything a foreigner did was alien . 
  my paternal grandfather was in stalingrad and got out of the city a few days before the soviets came in due to being ill . 
  he later hid in the mountains with a bunch of nazi scientists as the americans marched into our village . 
  eventually he came down to the valley to exchange his german soldier 's passport against an austrian one . 
  there he was arrested and became a pow . 
  but because it snowed in may the prisoner transport broke down on a mountain pass , he escaped and made his way home by foot . 
  i do n't know how much of it is true though . 
  his brother who was a fervent nazi unlike my grandfather went to france and had it relatively easy until the invasion . 
  my maternal grandfather would have participated in the volkssturm from his 14th birthday onward . 
  germany surrendered 9 days earlier though . 
  other than that i only know of my maternal grandmother 's cousin who fell in finland . 
  otherwise i 'd have to do some research regarding that question . 
  we have no friends . 
  only potential parts of the empire . 
  still feeling like being cheated on . 
  speaking of spain : we have the idiom `` das kommt mir spanisch vor . '', 
  - `` that seems spanish to me . '', 
  it 's used when something is weird to you . 
  it comes from the times when the habsburg emperors also ruled spain . 
  they would bring their spanish servants to the hre . 
  their habits which were weird to the germans would help create this idiom . 
  inside europe i find spanish to sound so proud and mighty . 
  outside of europe i find persian to sound majestic and the culture and history around to be so fascinating . 
  there 's a few towns in south america that speak german . 
  i know of a tyrolian town in peru where they still speak tyrolian . 
   toys for the kids are mainly danish i think you 're referring to lego . 
  some of it is produced in austria . 
  why stop at the western front ? 
  the southern front has prettier nature . 
  but i may be biased . 
  i do n't know what you know about vienna already but there 's what i can recommend . 
  the jewish museum is personally my favourite historical museum . 
  it gives a great insight on how vienna was shaped by the jews . 
  in the same street there 's also the caf\u00e9 havelka which kept its 19th century charm . 
  you can also try to check out the hills outside of the city . 
  especially the kahlenberg has a great view of the whole city . 
  just take a walk through the first district if you want to see plenty of historic sites for free . 
  this year a lot of museums are having special exhibitions because of arch duchess maria theresia 's 300th birthday . 
  there 's plenty more and i 'd be more than glad to help you if you have questions . 
  i study history so there 's a lot of questions regarding history i might be able to answer . 
  oh you would like rural austria . 
  while the west can be very mountineous the east pretty flat . 
  and in winter we 'd watch skiing . 
  you 're not from tyrol then . 
  because even mainstream politicians want to include south tyrol . 
  ice hockey is pretty popular in austria and has the longest history there . 
  some of our players even are in the nhl . 
  but that 's of course because it 's a winter sport . 
  it 's not shown in mainstream tv a lot but on sports channels it 's a mainstay . 
  suprisingly american football is getting more and more popular . 
  and appearantly austria has some of the strongest teams on the continent as they regularly win the eurobowl . 
  ( tbh i had to look that up on wikipedia ) but at the same time only few know about it . 
  only the super bowl was shown in mainstream tv for a long time . 
  but there 's one channel that shows nfl games regularly . 
  basketball is pretty much popular as hockey . 
  it has been popular at schools for ages . 
  my mum was a basketball state champion back in the 70s . 
  it 's also more popular with immigrant kids . 
  the nba got more popular over the last 20 years . 
  it may even get more popular than hockey as it 's much cheaper to play . 
  baseball is pretty much a non entity . 
  it 's gotten popular at schools though but i ca n't imagine it getting any mainstream popularity in the near future . 
  i thought it derived from kruzefix . 
  le dernier combat sound amazingly interesting . 
  well the protagonist is american . 
  but it 's a start . 
  in the main team there 's one who is super strong and has gadgets . 
  one that 's even stronger . 
  one that can turn into water . 
  and there 's a super bureaucrat who can control smoke . 
  as you can see it 's not taking itself that seriously . 
  our current chancellor chtistian kern ( social democrat party of austria , sp\u00d6 ) was chairman of the \u00d6bb the state owned railway company . 
  his predecessor werner faymann ( sp\u00d6 , 2008-2016 ) was minister of infrastructure for only a year . 
  after resigning from office he now works for the un . 
  before becoming chancellor for not even two years alfred gusenbauer ( 2007-08 ) was leader of the sp\u00d6 and with that leader of the opposition . 
  before that it was wolfgang sch\u00fcssel ( austrian people 's party , \u00d6vp , 2000-07 ) who is notable for coming into power rather dubiously . 
  even though his party only went second he came to power because the sp\u00d6 was unwilling to form a coalition with neither his party nor the fp\u00d6 ( freedom party of austria ) . 
  he won the election in 2002 fully legally though . 
  he was minister of economy and later vice chancellor when the sp\u00d6 was the ruling party in a coalition with the \u00d6vp . 
  there 's many more chancellors but roughly as a tldr : aour chancellors are mostly former ministers or opposition leaders . 
  i can also write about the presidents if anyone is interested . 
  as long as we get vienna 's largest suburb aka bratislava . 
  it is allowed in austria but it 's heavily regulated . 
  at the end of each term the homeschooled pupil has to take tests at the nearest school to prove they 're learning . 
  there 's political steps put in place though that will give start ups certain incentives .
