oh forgive me master of the glorious and excellent rectangle . 
  nr .4 makes me sigh intensely . 
  atleast we 're not portugal . 
  did n't think i 'd meet someone who lived in 1866 . 
  do we ever get something else than being asked why we speak german ? 
  what is it with countries asking us why we speak german ? 
  but basically just city in the state . 
  it 's a state which is only made up of one city . 
  or do i misunderstand your question ? 
  also you have to have an opinion on our national anthem . 
  these look like pictures from a postapocalyptic film or video game . 
  those bus stops give an idea how it was years ago . 
  thought it should be more in austria . 
  if there 's something with a saucenlike gulasch or ragout we 'd normally eat it with noodles or rice . 
  and the austrian cuisine has plenty of pasta dishes . 
  oh well it 's up to me to increase the average consumption . 
  i think about the eu in general . 
  we came together to work together . 
  first : i 'm not from germany . 
  second : it was n't only the germans that welcomed the refugees . 
  it was just that germany received the most . 
  it 's not a pure greek fuckup as this is n't a pure german fuckup . 
  you 're absolutely right that we ca n't just force other countries to take refugees . 
  but we sigbed treaties . 
  you ca n't just expect to get rights in the eu without duties . 
  it somehow seems means that it seems not that it is . 
  and yes , germany fucked up immensly but we all had to be there when greece fucked up financially . 
  but it 's weird that when the economy is directly in danger that everyone has to help . 
  why is it always germany who has to fix everything ? 
  did you forget about a thing called the eu ? 
  it somehow seems that everyone wants something from germany but never does something themselves . 
  the cost of life and wages in austria are higher though . 
  it 's more about the taxes . 
  not even knowing that hungary is in central europe makes you unqualified to make this statement . 
  i 've heard of tyrolian seperatism a lot . 
  but an independent carinthia ? 
  reminds of the time someone asked me if i live near tasmania . 
  there 's many nationalists in pegida though . 
  many of them use european as synonym for white . 
  well thanks for reminding me . 
  2016 made sure that the second half already begins with a slap in the face . 
  ca n't we skip to 2017 ? 
  and i thought we 're finally done with this circus . 
  for an austrian slovenia feels like home . 
  i have felt the pain of a thousand deaths . 
   so you hat builds weapons of mass d\u0336e\u0336s\u0336t\u0336r\u0336u\u0336c\u0336t\u0336i\u0336o\u0336n\u0336 construction . 
  what 's your point ? 
  ours has moose . 
  ftfy, 
  it seemed as if you were on that bastard 's side . 
   kind of pointless smug article . 
  most of europe is at canada latitude , and us is far more to the south . 
  what is a gulf stream ? 
  you done sucking erdogan 's dick ? 
  oh you poor brits . 
  you 're the victims of a pan european plot to destroy you . 
  edit : do i really have to put the / s there ? 
  gr8 b8 m8, 
  i think you mean oppose rather than suppose . 
  because many people just vote so that hofer wo n't be president . 
  and if you bother to mail vote it 's often because of that . 
  edit : wording, 
  so far nothing 's decided . 
  it 's expected that van der bellen will get most mail votes . 
  says vertical austria . 
  best thing is that we call a species of owl uhu after its sound . 
  i like your thinking . 
  i think everyone needs a little habsburg in their lives . 
  good idea !, 
  spain also needs mexico . 
  german : dogs : wuff wuff or wau wau cats : miau roosters : kickericki cows : muh sheep : m\u00e4h donkeys : i-ah mouses : pieps coocoos : kuckkuck ducks : quack frogs : quuuuaaaaaaaack crows : kra kra i 'll add more if i can think of more . 
  switch put the gold stripe with a white one and we 'll take your spot gladly . 
   germany was the first country to recognise croatia as independent , so the country loves germans . 
  i do n't think a lot of people give a shit about that . 
  * cyprus * shelf, 
  you can especially see the class divide in food . 
  animal names are germanic but meat names are romance . 
  this is due to the farmers speaking english while the french speaking nobility only needed to see the meat not the animal . 
  what i meant is that guttural has a certain meaning in linguistics . 
  it 's a trait of sounds . 
  the germanic versions are just the older versions . 
  you ca n't just say something is guttural when it certainly is n't . 
  gr8 b8 m8 . 
  but assuming it is n't . 
  you just insulted the whole of all europeans that 's why i said we . 
  and i prefer a government that cares about their population as people instead of as numbers . 
  oh yes we have no ambitions at all . 
  we just love leeching off our own taxes . 
  it 's ok . 
  better than the one in scotland . 
  still it 's just lacking the humour of goscinny and uderzo . 
  it 's not the latest one anymore . 
  there 's a newer one . 
  hands off , they 're ours . 
  obviously it 's called moldau . 
  carpatho-alpine-america plain climax sounds like something that results from being * really * freaky . 
  left wing or right wing ? 
  left wing won over right wing populism . 
  i 'm not a fan of either , but i 'm a fan of austria so i voted van der bellen . 
  used to be better under habsburg .
