  the dividing line is where people start promoting violence on the basis of nationalism . 
  do you feel better now ? 
  you know , i thought about it a bit more , and i do think the msm explanation is an oversimplification . 
  i also think it 's in large part due to brainwashing in the german school system . 
  they have to tell themselves that hitler could happen anywhere at any time . 
  ( the alternative is too horrible to contemplate . ), 
  that makes them hyper-cautious and distrustful of any leader who espouses nationalism . 
  edit : actually , i do n't think there 's anything inherent in the german psyche that is uniquely susceptible to nazism . 
  the weak institutions of the weimar republic were a necessary factor in hitler 's rise , and the u.s. has much stronger , battle-tested institutions . 
  valid criticism , i 'll try harder next time . 
  there is no need for sophistication in the task of calling a spade a spade . 
  ca n't nato be `` obsolete '' ( i.e. 
  requiring redesign or reform ) but still be necessary ? 
  wow , this must be disappointing to the hysterical left . 
  how are they possibly going to keep up their hitler narrative if the trump administration keeps doing boring , sane things like this ? 
  lol , behold the power of msm brainwashing . 
  but when you think about it , is n't it likely that literallyhitler \u2122 will have a soft spot for germany , just based on shared history ? 
  does the `` gini coefficient '' take into account how much of the inequality is justified ? 
  or is all income inequality automatically assumed to be unjust ? 
  for example , if i start a business and thus make myself a high earner , am i damaging my country 's gini rating ? 
  i really think this is a losing issue for you guys . 
  normal people scoff at it and think it makes you look ridiculous . 
  most guys have said things ten times as bad , and there were no repercussions except laughter and head-shakes and/or high fives . 
  but you do n't see any possible outcome , e.g. 
  where apple picks up and leaves , that causes irish public opinion to blame the eu ? 
  thanks for the long-winded explanation ;-), 
  his policies are mixed . 
  the protectionist ones definitely are n't pro-big business , nor is the mexican wall policy . 
  okay , i guess i do n't understand the whole conflict between the eu and apple , then . 
  is n't the eu trying to force ireland to revoke apple 's tax breaks ( retroactively ) ? 
   like in one interview where she was asked how she felt about trumps statements on women like the : `` grab em by the pussy '' . 
  she just said something really vague how he had apologised . 
  what is the appropriate punishment for crude locker-room comments that are overheard by the wrong people ? 
  drawing and quartering ? 
  that 's because the question was n't `` should we leave the eu '' , the question was `` should the referendum result be respected '' . 
  damn it , you were supposed to continue the chain . 
  what if the eu forces ireland to eliminate its corporate tax breaks and that leads to an exodus of corporate hqs ? 
  would that change popular sentiment at all ? 
  you also need a critical mass of people who continue to believe in those rights and understand the need to protect them . 
  all it takes is a majority of activist judges on the supreme court to `` reinterpret '' the constitution and make it mean whatever is in accord with the popular sentiment . 
  oh , fuck off with this `` fuck off '' pish . 
  who made you the police ? 
  still , the principle remains : if a concession for the wallonians restricts trade with france , how is that better than having separate agreements with wallonia and france ? 
   britain 's trade will benefit from the continued existence of the eu . 
  a single trade agreement is a lot more appealing than 27 separate agreements . 
  not if such an agreement requires unanimity among the 27 , such that one dissenter can hold the entire process hostage to extract concessions that do n't benefit the whole . 
  america first , allies second , third world terrorist breeding grounds last . 
  hth . 
   if lepen comes into power that would be the moment for the people of france to step up to protect their democracy if lepen comes into power , would n't that be the * result * of their democracy ? 
  sad . 
  dude , nobody else is reading this , the thread is dead . 
  what is the point of making nonsense claims ? 
  whom do you think you 're convincing ? 
  the fact that the democrats flip their positions every so often to pander to a new voting base is nothing to be proud of , son . 
  meanwhile the gop has consistently stood up for the principles of the nation 's founding . 
  like when we abolished slavery over the objections of the democrats ? 
  or like when we passed the civil rights act over the objections of the democrats ? 
  we republicans are n't the ones who colluded with the media to get trump nominated because you thought he was the worst candidate . 
  you brought this on yourselves . 
  also please rescue us from having to put up with u/angmar _ reddit by giving him citizenship . 
  i certainly understand why a lot of people are hearing alarm bells . 
  especially since that 's the narrative being heavily promoted by the jilted leftwing media . 
  i think everyone 's ultimately going to be disappointed , though . 
  if trump tries anything crazy , he 'll be impeached by the establishment republicans . 
  they 've never supported him , and are only putting up with him because it 's an opportunity to advance their agenda . 
  [ full version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ccdyglcxz_4 ), 
  there 's a lot of truth in it , though . 
  i 'd be interested to know of any falsifications ( deliberate or otherwise ) that you perceive in it . 
  these idiots still see europeans with `` incorrect opinions '' as a greater threat than islamic terrorists . 
  they 've learned nothing , and they will be voted out of office for it . 
  yes , why do you ask ? 
  nah , nobody actually does it . 
  i do it when i 'm in public , but when i 'm at home and it 's just me , nah . 
  i guess i 'm saying that i only do it in the presence of peer pressure . 
  or if i actually made a mess . 
  you should always wash your hands after shaking hands , anyway . 
  they could be sick and have recently touched their nose , eyes , etc. 
  then if you inadvertently do the same , that 's how lots of diseases ( such as the common cold ) spread . 
  to avoid people talking about your poor hygiene behind your back . 
  well unlike in some places , they are n't using their left hand to wipe with , so you can get away with it ... 
  embrace capitalism , reject the seductive call of socialism . 
  it 's pointless , there 's no way anyone can change your opinion . 
  wow . 
  it must be a hard life for you , with so many delusions about the world . 
  best of luck . 
  ah , yes . 
  `` incorrect opinions '' , the greatest evil facing the world today , according to eurocrats . 
  citation for your claim that the uk and us `` do n't care about providing high standards of living for the people who live there '' ? 
   mainland europe is far less aggressive and most of them have better living conditions than us . 
  that 's bs . 
  but regardless , the european way of life is entirely predicated on the idea that there is always an america out there playing the role of world policeman . 
  if the u.s. went isolationist , the u.s. would n't be able to rely on any such benevolent world policeman . 
  therefore we ca n't simply imitate the european model . 
  we do n't have that luxury . 
   but generally patents are n't enough to build a `` copy '' of the thing . 
  anymore than seeing it would . 
  false . 
  that 's the whole point of a patent . 
  it 's to publicize the `` secret '' of a new innovation , so everyone can learn from it immediately and advance the state of the art . 
  while at the same time , the inventor gets a monopoly for a specified period of time , so he can profit from his invention , thus incentivizing future innovations .
