  you 're right , 8 years is n't very close to 4 years . 
  but i was told that obama was black and not bush and so he deserved the nobel peace prize for doing nothing . 
  the cold war was a bitch . 
  communism had to be defeated , and there was lots of collateral damage . 
  friendly dictatorships were preferable to communist dictatorships . 
  that was the cold war . 
  inciting civil war . 
  bold strategy , cotton . 
  let 's see if it pays off . 
  translation : we like being able to virtue signal about our superiority to the americans because we focus more on humanitarian aid while they take care of defense responsibilities . 
  we 're compassionate ; they 're warmongers . 
  let 's not change that , it makes us feel good . 
  sorry , germany will never live this down . 
  it has become legend , the facts are irrelevant . 
  same way trump got so much attention while spending less than half as much as the clinton campaign . 
  congratulations , president le pen . 
  go correct wikipedia , i 'm not sifting through your constitution . 
  you armed forces are controlled by the prime minister , who is n't even elected and ca n't be dismissed by the president , so your head of state is irrelevant in matters of defense . 
  luckily you have no power . 
  most of your countrymen thought the afghanistan invasion was justified to prevent another 9/11 . 
  i hate to break it to you , but france is in nato . 
  you do n't . 
  you just need to provide for yourselves . 
   heck why do n't we count the number of french soldiers that died in your afghanistan war buddy ? 
  because france is n't trying to persuade the u.s. to increase military spending . 
  like i said , that 's regrettable . 
  but ultimately the treaty is based on immutable national interests . 
   i find it absolutely hilarious that you portray trump 's critics as fickle-minded when you have the man himself daily throwing fits on twitter . 
  there are retards on both sides spewing bullshit . 
  i see no conflict in acknowledging both . 
  you 're wrong . 
  the credibility of the alliance rests on its willingness to respond to article 5 . 
  if romania were invaded and the u.s. did n't respond , that would be the end of nato . 
  that 's all a bunch of vague mush based on media hysteria causing people to fear and hate trump . 
  such fickle-minded people generally are n't in position to make important decisions , thank god . 
  the fundamental national interests that underlie nato have not changed and can not be affected by rhetoric . 
  all true . 
  the trump administration are n't masters of diplomacy . 
  i 'm just trying to sooth your worries as an individual . 
  nato is n't really threatened . 
  this is the strategy germany is pursuing . 
  and it is the correct one . 
  provide ammo when europe runs out , or provide air transport for european forces . 
  in conflicts in which the u.s. is n't otherwise involved . 
  then why could n't europe handle the syria mission on its own ? 
  how is trump `` endangering the whole pact '' ? 
  his hardline rhetoric might make you * feel * unsafe , but i fail to see how the threats are endangering the alliance . 
  on the contrary , they are strengthening the alliance by encouraging increased military spending in europe . 
  jesus , when did germans become such pussies ? 
  islamists are at war with us regardless of whether you choose to acknowledge it . 
  you can either fight the war , or lose it . 
  there are no other options . 
  so nato is a bad idea ? 
  is n't that exactly what the u.s. has done for decades , without the desired effect ? 
  i think `` moderating '' means limiting non-essential support , such as air transport for france in mali . 
  the u.s. would still respond to article 5 invocations . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  the u.s. is n't going to abandon nato , ever . 
  it 's all bluffing . 
  it 's empty rhetoric intended to rouse germany and france out of their complacency . 
  it 's regrettable that the trump administration is n't thinking about how this makes romanians feel . 
  but you should n't worry . 
  no , it needs conventional forces for `` police actions '' . 
  that 's the modern role of nato . 
  russia is n't going to invade nato . 
  you 've only been in nato for 12 years . 
  what 's your point ? 
  you think the u.s. is n't a good ally because romania has n't been threatened in that time ? 
  you 're wrong . 
  reliable allies are countries whose interests are * reliably aligned * with yours . 
   you can fight for better commitment without threatening the entire relationship . 
  how exactly ? 
  regardless , the point of nato is n't really defending against russia any more . 
  russia would be stupid to ever attack a nato country . 
  nato is more for police actions nowadays , and nukes are irrelevant ( we hope ) in those conflicts . 
  and look at his results . 
  france is n't going to nuke russia unless russia invades france . 
  the uk and the us would also prefer not to escalate such a conflict , and would rely on their superior conventional forces if possible . 
  the u.s. does n't expect europe to contribute its fair share . 
  it expects europe to achieve certain levels of capabilities so the u.s. does n't have to do things for europe that europe should be able to do for itself . 
  the 2 % number is a ( somewhat arbitrary ) benchmark for good-faith efforts toward that end . 
   there has been little to no spending on education for decades what , there is no public education where they live ? 
  so dishonesty is okay , as long as there is dishonesty on both sides ? 
  okay , take the top story . 
  do you not see the obvious , extreme anti-trump bias ? 
   trump knew flynn misled us officials on calls it clearly implies some sort of ethical breach by trump , hiding information from the public , shady deals behind the scenes , watergate . 
  actually , the white house has been diligently looking into the issue , and to avoid the appearance of a conflict of interest , decided to have flynn step down . 
  there is not even a hint of evidence that flynn made some kind of deal with the russians and was able to implement advantageous policies for them in his very short time in office . 
  trump does n't even have his whole cabinet approved yet , he 's just getting started . 
  imagine if the police were investigating a crime , for example embezzlement . 
  after a few weeks , the accused quits his job , and the headline is `` police chief knew about embezzlement '' . 
  wtf ? 
  you are extremely naive if you think being factual and well-researched eliminates political bias . 
   every single press outlet in germany agreed to play by the same rules to have a common ground so the press can be held responsible for their actions . 
  i noticed it says nothing about political impartiality in news reporting . 
  who gives a shit what hitler said ? 
  motherfucker lied through his teeth . 
  look at his actions , not his words . 
  freedom was not on his agenda . 
  the best propaganda is subtle .
