  you have zero grasp of reality . 
  `` puppet in chief '' ? 
  that 's a new one . 
  who 's thought to be the puppet-master ? 
   you seriously believe that americans would have no problem with foreign soldiers going to their cities and taking photos with their flags as if they own it ? 
  absolutely , we would have no problem with it . 
  because we know they are n't trying to claim the city for themselves . 
  because we are n't idiots . 
  attention whoring level : 9000, 
  nope . 
  the leftist rioters would be on the opposite side vs. the nra and the military . 
  they 're not that stupid . 
  we legally ca n't spy on our own citizens , so we spy on your civilians , you spy on ours , and we share the intel . . that 's how it works in the world of supranational intelligence organizations . 
  france would do it , too . 
  they 're tired of this shit . 
  how is that possible ? 
  is every soldier privy to every intelligence and reconnaissance briefing ? 
  this is the right approach for europe , not only with respect to building an eu army , but for the full range of problems it faces . 
  the eu needs to build solutions from the ground up , never moving faster than the people will democratically support . 
  if germany can cooperate effectively with three other countries , that will raise confidence throughout the eu that such a thing can be successful with other countries , and public support will naturally follow . 
  a strong , united eu is possible , but there are no top-down shorcuts . 
  it must grow organically as the interests of the nations converge over time . 
  i think article 50 is already factored in . 
  i think it 'll be no more than 1-2 % on the day , for any of the above rates . 
  give me a prediction that is falsifiable . 
  i do n't think the stock market is going to have a significant change on the day article 50 is triggered . 
  what exactly are you claiming ? 
  this is an english-language forum , after all . 
   when article 50 gets triggered , the uk economy will suffer severe punches . 
  this is idiotic . 
  why would anyone wait until the actual triggering ? 
  if there 's going to be a crash , it 's much better to sell their assets now while the value remains high . 
  how stupid do you think investors are ? 
  the actual way it works is that as article 50 becomes more likely and more inevitable , people gradually change their positions to reflect that reality . 
  people who can tolerate more risk will do it earlier , etc. 
  but there are not going to be any `` severe punches '' that occur suddenly on march 9 . 
   i reaaaaally do n't understand peoples ( non british ) fascination with brexit & scottish independence , do they actually believe the english are evil oppressors that the scottish need rescuing from ? 
  the nature of this sub ( r/europe ) is that it attracts european nationalists ( i.e. 
  federalists ) . 
  they view brexit as an existential crisis provoked by a perfidious albion . 
  so yes , the english are evil oppressors . 
  hth . 
   or would the eu step in and say that the character of the state has changed so substantially that it no longer resembles that which joined , and therefore must reapply ? 
  would n't that require a bunch of people to agree on something ? 
  those were not unilateral decisions , though . 
  it required the acquiescence of the other parties in the treaties . 
   by the way , ireland claimed successor state privilege when it declared independence from great britain . 
  within that privilege , it claimed the right to uphold or discard individual treaties on a case-by-case basis . 
  there is precedent in that aspect . 
  it all depends on whether other states put up with it or not . 
  and that depends on whether it 's in their interests to do so . 
  i imagine scotland declaring itself a successor state to the uk would n't buy them all of the concessions in the eu that the uk had achieved for itself . 
  but the eu might nonetheless recognize scotland 's successor status only to the degree that it is in the interests of the eu to do so ( i.e. 
  to speed up the accession process ) . 
  can scotland legally secede , though ? 
  would a referendum cause a legal , binding result , or would the uk parliament have to give it effect , just like for brexit ? 
  scotland has a much better deal as part of the uk , though . 
  england has more reasons to leave the uk than scotland does . 
  was it a drawbridge ? 
  or did they just not let large ships through ? 
  the status quo is that gay couples were n't allowed to adopt . 
  that 's the change that requires proof . 
  the fact that other adoption-related laws have changed in the past is irrelevant . 
  i 'm going to need a citation on your claim that gay couples have been allowed to adopt children in the past . 
  fair point , but nobody is proposing that gays only be allowed to adopt as a last resort . 
  people are wanting them to be on the same footing as straight couples . 
  harmonization . 
  smoothing out the incidental differences for efficiency . 
  and laws that ca n't be enforced by a single state ( e.g. 
  relating to interstate commerce or external treaties ) . 
  wrong . 
  a millennia-old status quo is not on the same evidentiary standard as a an idea that has only gained even marginal acceptance within the past couple of decades . 
  when you propose a change to the status quo , the burden of proof is on you . 
  it is the height of arrogance to fail to give * any weight at all * to the `` wisdom of the ages '' . 
  i see . 
  then this is n't exactly the kind of shit that is tearing the eu apart . 
  my bad . 
  correct . 
  simply that it has n't been proven by rigorous longitudinal studies that gay parents can do just as good of a job as a man and a woman . 
  at this point , the only arguments in favor are ideological . 
  what little research there has been so far has had decidedly mixed results . 
  in short , the issue can still be debated by reasonable people of good will . 
  therefore it 's too early to try to force conformity . 
  problem is , there is no universally-agreed set of `` rights '' , and in many cases there are legitimate arguments on both sides of the issue . 
  by forcing all eu countries with their disparate cultures to agree prematurely on these issues , you are giving fuel to the fire of euroskeptic discontent . 
  eu law should be a * lagging * indicator of cultural convergence , it should not try to force cultural conformity -- which it ca n't do , in any case . 
  believe me , this is not an anti-eu message . 
  i 'm telling you how the eu can survive . 
  i will grant you that . 
  well done . 
  my original point stands , though . 
  trump is n't a republican . 
  george w. bush did n't even vote for him . 
  the usa goes to war with states that try to secede . 
  it is n't getting struck down , sorry to disappoint you . 
  it is being delayed by activist anti-trump judges . 
  that was going to happen regardless of what trump said in the press . 
  this is exactly the kind of shit that is tearing the eu apart . 
  but fuck it , at least the eu will be seen as virtuous , even if it does n't have any members . 
  huh ?
