   as i said before , they launch their drones from ramstein in germany . 
  the drones could be launched from somewhere else . 
  less convenient perhaps , but workable . 
   also it 's usually a plus to have allies that offer stability and are developed . 
  i 'll ask again , do you seriously think that the us army is a charity or something ? 
  it 's not charity , it 's `` enlightened self interest '' . 
  but nor is it some cynical ploy to keep europeans under our thumb , as you originally claimed . 
  the u.s. has bases all around the world . 
  the only reason it needs bases in europe is to defend european allies . 
  jesus , there is a lot of stupid in here . 
  europe definitely did n't send its best to this thread . 
  and i always ask the simple question , `` what form of influence do you think the u.s. is exercising now in europe that it would n't be able to exercise without nato ? '', 
  it 's almost as if there are huge repercussions of banning the world 's most widely used herbicide . 
  example : compare the number of people who will die from cancer from roundup vs. the number of people who will die from doubling the price of food . 
  neutrality = contemptible cowardice . 
  and then on top of that , to constantly virtue-signal about the moral superiority of being `` above '' war , is just laughable . 
  it 's nice to be able to count on others to do the `` icky '' stuff for you . 
  i would use the word `` soaring '' rather than `` crashing '' , but it is the independent , after all . 
  statistics are irrelevant when they conflict with dogma . 
  this seems like germany trying to outsource its law enforcement , without paying for it . 
  facebook and twitter should just allow germany to supply official censors and give them the power to delete posts . 
  what about `` x are the lowest form of vermin '' ? 
  it basically means the same thing as `` i hate x '' , but depending on the zeal of prosecutors , could be deemed as `` inciting hatred '' . 
  obviously . 
  just kind of amusing in retrospect . 
  and as a bonus , people like you could blame them for whatever happened afterward . 
  at the same time you would be abandoning all of the turkish people who are in favor of liberal democracy , secularism and human rights . 
  it seems like a slippery slope to make your support conditional on whether you like the political party in power at the time . 
  was he directing it towards the political opposition , or towards hostile immigrants who refuse to assimilate ? 
  why is this quote in any way controversial ? 
  that 's laughable to me . 
  seriously , if you do n't like the country you 're immigrating to , then why the fuck are you there ? 
  just fuck off back to whatever hellhole you came from . 
  that `` terrible history '' has to be viewed in the context of the cold war . 
  defeating communism required a lot of collateral damage . 
  condemning it according to the norms of today 's peaceful world is simple-minded and cowardly . 
  the fact that you put `` human rights '' in scarequotes should give everyone a clue to ignore everything you say . 
  and that is the basis of all dependable alliances . 
  while you 're at it , eject the u.s. due to trump 's unpredictability and hostility . 
  the marshall plan provided incentives for european countries to work together and with the u.s. , and promoted the idea that europe was `` stronger together '' . 
  those effects were more important than the raw dollar amounts . 
  i like this one : [ pollution means prosperity ] ( http://marshallfoundation.org/library/posters/europe-cooperation-means-prosperity/ ) xd, 
   right now a lot of brexiters are dieing out at the same time , a lot of na\u00efve remainers are becoming older and wiser . 
  the cycle of life . 
  you are just babbling incoherently at this point . 
  if i replied again i would just be repeating myself . 
  sorry , i 'm going to have to bail . 
  good luck . 
   i think it 's justified to kill someone that has a realistic chance of killing their mother . 
  like i said , if the mother 's health is at risk ( moreso than in a normal pregnancy ) then abortion can be justified on the basis that the mother 's right to life is just as important as the baby 's right to life . 
   and not forcing slavery on the mother . 
  but i would guess you have no problem forcing slavery on the father , when the mother decides to have a baby he does n't want and forces him to pay child support for 18 years . 
  except in the case of rape ( in which case abortion can be justified ) , the mother had a choice whether to become pregnant . 
  and she has a choice whether to keep the baby after it 's born , or put it up for adoption . 
  her `` slavery '' only lasts nine months , and during that time , her freedom is less important than the baby 's life . 
  it 's a very simple comparison , where one human right is clearly more important than the other . 
   so take care of the babies , before and after birth . 
  you just seem to want to attack the mothers rights , but not do anything to help the babies chances . 
  sure , i 'm all for taking care of babies after they 're born . 
  i personally have donated tens of thousands of dollars to take care of babies that are n't my own . 
  not counting all of the taxes i 've paid towards such efforts . 
  but i 'm also against killing babies . 
  what does one have to do with the other ? 
   because it 's a personal choice , i support legal euthanasia too . 
  it 's not a personal choice if it decides whether someone else lives or dies . 
  the baby is n't choosing euthanasia , you are choosing it for him/her because you do n't feel like being pregnant and giving birth . 
  if i decide to murder you , is that justified because it 's my `` personal choice '' to do so ? 
   are you going to ignore the bit of where you could safe some lives by donating your money ? 
  i am curious , are you willing to spend some money to safe lives or not ? 
  certainly , i have done so in the past and will do so in the future . 
  totally irrelevant . 
   it 's not just about being poor , being neglected by your parents is really hard . 
  about 800.000 people commit suicide every year . 
  why do you want to first solve the problem where you have to force women to do something ? 
  instead of taking care of them ? 
  so , just to be clear , you think it 's justified to kill someone if there 's a chance they will be poor , will be neglected , or will commit suicide ? 
  this is about human rights . 
  it could n't be simpler : a baby 's right to life vs. a woman 's right to not be pregnant . 
   well quite a few women have abortions for economic reasons , so why not give all your money to these cases so you can save those lives ? 
  or do you not care about them once you have to pay for them ? 
  why do n't you care about babies and their right to life ? 
  why do you only see this from the woman 's point of view ? 
  is empathy that hard for you ? 
  as a thought experiment : what if the baby is a girl ? 
  does that let you have more empathy for her , and think that possibly she deserves to live ? 
  just because it 's a country with a successful immigration policy does n't mean it 's a country to be emulated in any other respect , as you implied . 
  so you do n't know whether trump is `` absolutely evil '' . 
  i.e. , you do n't know of anything trump has ever done or said that would qualify as good . 
  it 's an interesting social phenomenon to me that trump is so thoroughly demonized . 
  it requires a certain amount of self-delusion , i think , probably due to a strong desire for in-group acceptance . 
  interesting . 
  do you think the same is true of donald trump ? 
  so be it , we 'll leave it there . 
  i hope you read this thread again in a few years after you 've thought more about it . 
  if i said it , then it was good . 
  anything worth doing is worth doing well . 
  that 's my german ancestry shining through . 
  nonetheless , there is a kernel of truth in it , or it would n't be good trash talk . 
  relax , that was trash talk . 
  u/blindpeese treated me disrespectfully , and i reacted in kind .
