  miniature countries never can be full-sized rivals . 
  does that mean you 'll celebrate woden 's day every week ? 
  i think it can also be used ( annoyingly ) in place of any [ tag question ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tag_question ) , even if it 's mismatched to the rest of the sentence : `` you 're in a good mood today , innit ? '', 
  it 's more that globalists have made patriotism a nationalistic/racist thing . 
   why you would spend # 40 on a bottle of alcohol or ask what the most alcoholic whisky we have in legitimate questions , since all of it tastes nasty . 
  i think this is an affliction that occurs in every country , and it 's just as embarrassing everywhere . 
  why is that embarrassing ? 
  seems like a legitimate clothing choice for a not-very-fashionable person . 
  if he were alive today , he would not be saying '' [ attaturk ] ( https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/attaboy ) '' to erdogan . 
   german orthography reform of 1996 this is amazing to me . 
  how do you enforce such reforms when there are so many centuries of entrenched practice and millions of people have learned the old rules ? 
  i guess if any culture could do it , it would be the germans . 
  you might want to look up the word `` bigot '' in a dictionary some time . 
  you 're right ; if you are significantly older than that , then it is indeed sad . 
  btw , `` cheeto jesus '' , i love it . 
  how old are you ? 
  i 'm guessing 19 . 
  am i close ? 
  i 've always got time for you , little buddy . 
  r/the _ donald is n't going anywhere . 
  hahaha ... could n't leave it alone , even after four days , eh ? 
  well it 's good to know that my little buddy is going to stick with me for the long term . 
  what shall we talk about ( or avoid talking about , in favor of insults ) now ? 
   1.4 ) paywalled links allowed so long as the complete content of the article ( in english ) is posted in the comment section . 
  is n't that illegal , and thus against reddit 's rules ? 
  http://www.rasmussenreports.com/public_content/politics/trump_administration/prez_track_feb8 having support from a majority of the country ( both for him personally and for the immigration moratorium ) is quite impressive for someone treated as an absolute pariah in the mainstream media . 
  see also : https://i.redd.it/qkqs19bfmqey.png, 
  haha . 
  i think there 's more content than you think , given that they 've been making tv shows for 75 years . 
  here 's some random person 's list of the [ top 50 german tv shows ] ( http://www.imdb.com/list/ls072709441/ ) and a lot of them seem interesting to me . 
   have you taken a look at the oscars , golden globes , sag recently ? 
  have you seen how few non-american movies are nominated , got prizes ? 
  not many . 
  of course these are events for and by the industry . 
  still : if even the pros and insiders ca n't find one single non-american contender among nine films running for best picture i do n't think the general public will show interest ( and pay ! ), 
  for foreign language films . 
  the movies that get awards are n't necessarily the movies that people actually like to watch . 
  the movie critics mostly have their heads up their asses . 
   also your idea is very ambitious . 
  obtaining film rights are highly complicated , you wo n't be able to centralize movies since they are sold by territories . 
  an example : `` house of cards '' is shown in german-language countries on pay tv about half a year before it is shown on netflix itself . 
  i mean not even netflix with all its power and money can sort out a centralized system with its own content . 
  so good luck . 
  netflix is n't giving me the best european tv series and movies ( except from the uk ) . 
  there 's a huge market that nobody is serving currently . 
  if anyone did make the initial startup investment , i believe it would pay off handsomely . 
   then there 's the dubbing . 
  i prefer subtitled movies . 
  but non-buffs usually prefer dubbed movies . 
  i watch everything with subtitles , even english-language stuff , so i do n't miss anything . 
   finally there is the content . 
  there are great european films . 
  but ( like in the usa ) most of it is crap . 
  so in your mind you might have a streaming service full of `` toni erdmann '' and `` cach\u00e9 '' , but in reality 80 % of the films would be german comedies or turkish thrillers or hungarian history dramas . 
  would you really want to watch that ? 
  would you pay for it ? 
  would anybody else pay for it ? 
  i think a lot of people would pay for a selection of the best dramas -- maybe not comedies , since that does n't work as well with subtitles . 
  the `` walter presents '' service mentioned by u/hiyakathy sounds very promising . 
   there are alternatives though . 
  support mubi for example . 
  my guess is you 've not run out with their content . 
  that seems a little bit `` artsy '' for my taste . 
  thank you , that looks awesome !, 
  what are you referring to ? 
  the polls i 've seen show broad support both for trump personally and also for his policies . 
  quite in contrast to how he is reviled in the media . 
  the media are n't the population , though . 
  yes . 
  we 've run out . 
  we 'll take what we can get . 
  but to make it viable , you can subtitle it for other languages and sell it in europe , too . 
  the key thing is for it to be a single centralized service bringing together a critical mass of content . 
  not gas stations , generally . 
  unlike you , i have the courage to contemplate difficult moral issues . 
  but * i 'm * the coward ? 
  look at yourself , dude . 
  you might as well put your hands over your ears and yell `` la , la , la , ca n't hear you . '', 
  you are spewing insults simply to avoid having to think about something you do n't have the moral courage to face . 
  what if the baby is female ? 
  does it still have no rights , even one day before birth ? 
  ( even though it could survive if born prematurely ? ), 
  does an adult woman 's bodily autonomy strictly supersede a baby girl 's right to life in all cases ? 
  how old does a girl have to be before her right to life becomes recognized ? 
  1 year ? 
  5 years ? 
  18 years ? 
  so you think a woman 's bodily autonomy always overrides all other considerations , regardless of whether anyone else 's rights are involved ? 
  this is n't a meaningless game . 
  this is the real crux of the abortion issue , and why people disagree about it . 
  nobody is being bigoted . 
  there is room for reasonable people to disagree . 
  i 've explained to you the moral question of abortion , and you 've refused to answer it . 
  that 's moral abdication . 
  in particular : at what point in its development does a human become human , and acquire human rights ? 
  by your insistence that * all * abortion is acceptable and it is monstrous to even discuss the question , i guess you must believe that a baby is not human until it is actually born . 
  one day before birth , it still has no rights . 
  correct ? 
  i have n't said anything indicative of bigotry . 
  that 's just more empty namecalling , and it does n't work .
