  edit : oh , we 're doing the downvoting thing ? 
  * sigh *, 
  brain activity begins at six weeks after conception . 
  not that that is necessarily the best test of whether a fetus should have rights . 
  after all , the fetus is a separate person ( with its own unique dna ) immediately after fertilization . 
  women should be allowed to murder with impunity . 
  some countries allow you to state any sincerely-held opinion , others do n't . 
  that 's a significant difference . 
  compelling argument . 
  bravo . 
   ( because you do n't have any ) https://www.ft.com/content/c2b0359e-d0dc-11e6-b06b-680c49b4b4c0 there you go , moron . 
   jesus christ , are you 12 ? 
  we 're not playing a game , we 're talking about the future of the country . 
  `` goalposts '' are a sports analogy . 
  in sports , one either wins or loses . 
  hth . 
  certainly does . 
  before , your goalposts were set such that if i showed you a reputable group of economists who only thought brexit would hurt the economy by 3 % i 'd win . 
  this is why i did n't bother giving you any references . 
  i knew exactly what would happen . 
  moving the goalposts , eh ? 
  i thought so . 
  merely parking a carrier task force anywhere generally creates instant `` pax americana '' in that region . 
   because the people do n't want it why is that relevant ? 
  the [ peace dividend ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/peace_dividend ) . 
  that 's because just about everybody else is content to let the u.s. shoulder the burden . 
  if the u.s. navy did n't exist , those countries would have different opinions . 
  do you realize how tenuous your ridiculous position is ? 
  all i have to do is produce a reference to a * single * reputable organization that estimates something different than a 4-6 % hit to gdp for brexit . 
  are you sure you 're comfortable out on that limb ? 
   if by that you mean ` independently agreed upon by every major economics organisation ' , yeah , sure , why not . 
  utter bs . 
   the anti-intellectualism from the leave camp is getting pretty dull . 
  as is the groupthink of the remainer camp . 
   with a 4-6 % loss of gdp in the long term a number that was fabricated from whole cloth . 
  there is no way to anticipate the total effect on gdp . 
  there will be pluses and minuses . 
  pleasantly surprised by this thread . 
  i expected people to start comparing welfare benefits regimes . 
  obviously , you know more about germany than me , but ... 
  i do n't think it 's natural for germany to be satisfied with * merely * being unthreatened . 
  it is in germany 's nature to contribute to a worldwide ( or at least regional ) state of justice and peace , and to feel an obligation to do so because it is stronger than others . 
  that 's where i think germany 's self-flagellation prevents it from fully acting on its principles . 
  which i think is a shame . 
  hitler was a `` perfect storm '' . 
  the conditions for hitler do not exist in germany today . 
  german military power is not inherently evil . 
  the world needs a self-confident germany to act on the side of democracy and human rights . 
  i do n't think your version of the analogy adequately captures germany 's self-flagellation . 
  germany 's normal , healthy personality would dictate a `` better safe than sorry '' approach , do n't you think ? 
  by r/europe . 
  germany is like a dog that has been beaten too often . 
  now there is a lion roaming at the edge of town . 
  instead of joining the hunting party , germany rolls over and pisses all over itself . 
  this is why germans will never starve . 
  they have an unlimited supply of gingerbread . 
  but i was told that the u.s. exerts undue influence on european politics because of the eu 's dependence on the u.s. for defense . 
  do n't you care about your leaders being `` puppets of trump '' ? 
  it 's all on the negotiating table . 
  without exception . 
  hollande is blowing hot air . 
  indeed . 
  which makes worrying about the u.s. restricting access to gps during wartime rather moot . 
  all of you euros ca n't deny your debt of gratitude to trump for lighting a fire under your governments ' asses and getting them to invest ( or at least talk about investing ) in self defense . 
  you 're wrong . 
  the uk could manage fine with a `` hard brexit '' , although it obviously would prefer a mutually-beneficial arrangement with the eu . 
  a `` hard brexit '' does n't mean the uk ca n't still trade with the eu . 
  comparing `` hard brexit '' to shooting oneself in the head is hysterical rhetoric . 
  anyone with any knowledge of negotiation knows that `` being ok with a hard brexit '' is the strongest negotiating position for the uk . 
  it does n't mean that is the goal or will be the result . 
  i imagine it probably could . 
  surely the u.s. could . 
  these satellite systems can only be relied upon during wartime if the opponent is a relatively low-tech country . 
  i hope it is n't . 
   during the cold war the british were also the most dependable ally/puppet of the us and followed its policies slavishly . 
  everything else in your comment i agree with , except this . 
  this represents a fundamental misunderstanding of the fact that the reason the us and uk have been such dependable allies is that their interests are closely aligned . 
  sure , why not ? 
  russia will jam or disable galileo in the case of war , anyway . 
  hitler was authoritarian . 
  note the two axes on the graph . 
  hth . 
  are n't you worried that the uk could decide to contract with a cheaper provider , e.g. 
  you would need to be below me on the authoritarianism axis for me to be literally hitler to you . 
  so let me get this straight . 
  the justification for spending billions on galileo was that the u.s. might decide to restrict access to gps . 
  galileo was supposed to be a service that civilians could count on , no matter what . 
  and now galileo is being held hostage to political interests ? 
  from [ my perspective ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6ggjso4.png ) , you are literally stalin . 
  all i did was agree with and amplify the comment of the person i was responding to , and yet somehow you have made it into a nationalistic pissing match . 
  par for the course in r/europe , i guess . 
  where did you get the idea that i support erdogan ? 
  stop electing cowards as leaders . 
  haha . 
  oldest trick in the book , to get the germans to do what you want . 
  because before muslims came along , prayer was a personal , private , low-key affair . 
  now it 's an occasion for public attention-whoring and intimidation . 
  subjective does n't necessarily mean unfair . 
  can you think of a reason why the u.s. would artificially inflate the rejection rate ? 
  it certainly is in our economic interest to allow visa-free travel , in the absence of security considerations .
