  when every citizen can just as easily read le monde or the times as his local newspaper , then there will be a `` common european conversation '' , and european integration will be possible . 
   based on the line above , the comparison between the commission and the college probably is n't appropriate . 
  if i understand it correctly , the number of representatives that a state has in the house and the senate is the same number that they have in the college . 
   i do n't believe that the eu has anything analogous to the college , and with their different roles , direct comparisons between the house and the parliament , and the senate and the commission are probably not very accurate either - but there is at least some common ground in how seats are divided up between states in each of those pairs . 
  i agree 100 % . 
   another key difference , i think , is in the elections , where a candidate in each state is clearly identifiable as the republican or the democrat , or the green , or whatever . 
  whereas in euro elections , the local national party brand is fat better known , and not everyone who votes on a party basis knows how their party is aligned within one of the euro groups . 
  by `` euro groups '' , do you mean coalitions within the european parliament ? 
  or are there actual formal party organizations ? 
  i was comparing the commission to the electoral college , because i thought that was the comparison you were making in the previous message . 
  i agree that the two bodies are not analogous , but if you do compare them , the commission is more tilted towards small states than the electoral college . 
  the senate and the commission are the same in that regard . 
  yeah , that 's similar , but even more tilted towards small states . 
  in the u.s. each state gets two senators regardless of population , but the number of representatives in the house is proportional to population ( wyoming only has 1 ; california has 53 ) . 
  so the electoral college is slightly tilted towards smaller states , but not nearly as much as the commission . 
  ( wyoming has 3 electors , california has 55 . ), 
  yes . 
  senators and representatives are directly-elected . 
  add up the total number of senators and representatives for each state , and that 's how many electors the state can appoint to the electoral college for presidential elections . 
  each state has the right to choose how those electors will vote , according to the popular vote in that state . 
  most states choose a `` winner take all '' method where all electors are obligated to vote for the winner , even if that winner only got 51 % of the state 's popular vote . 
  such a method increases the state 's influence in the national election . 
  cynical edgelord bullshit . 
  he probably means more generally , giving higher representation to smaller states than their population sizes would otherwise dictate . 
  the u.s. senate and ( as a result ) the electoral college . 
  not likely , given the constant movement of citizens among the states . 
  if anything , the culture is homogenizing over time , under the influence of tv , movies and the internet . 
  kind of a brain-dead oversimplification to say they `` reject american values '' . 
  take the border wall issue , for example . 
  one side of the debate might say america is a `` nation of immigrants '' , so supporting the wall is `` rejecting american values '' . 
  the other side might say america is a `` nation of laws '' , so opposing the wall is `` rejecting american values '' . 
  both statements are essentially just political spin . 
  i was thinking of felicity jones . 
  i just watched her in * inferno * last evening . 
  so cute . 
  also the ingrate primitives generally did n't properly appreciate being forcibly civilised , so the whole enterprise ended up being more trouble than it was worth . 
  they invented several varieties of football , from which most modern forms are derived , but they strangely insist that only one of them should be called `` football '' . 
  their crooked teeth are adorable . 
  false , that distinction belongs to germany herself . 
  i do n't think he wants to stone women to death for the crime of being raped , or throw gay people off buildings , or behead infidels who refuse to convert , etc. 
  so you might have exaggerated a bit there . 
  but regardless , he has almost no power as vice president , and if he became president he would be an ineffective leader . 
  he cares too much what the media say about him , unlike trump . 
   i 'm not danying it . 
  i 'm just sick of american concenr trolls trying to tell me about my own country . 
  we are not becoming a third world country . 
   we are having some issues , but we have already restricted the borders and we are dealing with the issue . 
  i really hope you 're right . 
  i am not `` concern trolling '' , i am actually on sweden 's side and i am concerned . 
  we are in a global crisis . 
  it does n't inspire confidence when i hear from your government and media that trump is just making all of this up . 
   meanwhile you guys are electing people who want to impose sharia law with christian branding . 
  * boggle * that 's a new one . 
  presumably referring to trump 's order that taxpayers should n't have to fund abortion-promoting organizations ? 
  that 's debatable , but irrelevant . 
  look , i was bluffing . 
  i actually do care if sweden becomes another third-world muslim hellhole . 
  i 've never been there , but i think it 's a pretty cool culture , and i like knowing that sweden exists . 
  but the usa could declare sharia law tomorrow , and it still does n't change the fact that you guys have a big problem . 
  there 's no use denying it . 
  you need to get rid of your `` feminist government '' and elect some people with balls who are willing to stand up and protect your country . 
  plenty of reliable sources have published that unreliable statistic that was debunked decades ago . 
  bury your head in the sand if you want . 
  why should i care ? 
  but if sweden does n't defend itself from these thugs , no one else is going to do it for them . 
  new york jews are some of the most successfully-assimilated people in this country , so i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  that too . 
  lol , i guess the white house is still trying to ferret out that mole by putting out ridiculous `` leaks '' . 
  there were [ 34 grenade attacks in sweden last year ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_grenade_attacks_in_sweden#2016 ) , none in the us ( which has 30 times the population ) . 
  fucking * grenade attacks * . 
  our ( us ) swedish population performs as well or better than your swedish population , even under the terrible yoke of our `` unhealthy politics '' . 
  how are those explanations `` convenient '' ? 
  things would be a lot easier if multiculturalism worked , but the inconvenient truth is that it does n't . 
  bitter experience has demonstrated that the only viable options are full assimilation ( us ) , or no immigration ( japan ) . 
  except that he was n't predicting the future . 
  [ shit like this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_grenade_attacks_in_sweden ) has been happening in sweden ( and elsewhere in europe ) for a while now . 
  not if equal provisions were made for men-only traincars . 
  heck , the religious right loves sex segregation . 
  but i was told the west was rape culture . 
  what an unbelievable fucking catastrophe . 
  these kids start their lives heavily disadvantaged . 
  he 's just following the `` fuck you , i won '' precedent established by obama when the democrats ramrodded obamacare through without * a single republican vote * and changed the rules of the senate ( the `` nuclear option '' ) to permanently eliminate the filibuster as a tool of the minority party . 
  do n't worry , the next republican president will be literally-hitler too , and you 'll forget about trump . 
  define `` typical cheese '' . 
  who eats [ this ] ( http://www.gazi.de/en/products/white-cheese/white-cheese/white-cheese-classic-45-500g.html ) then ? 
  you know you 're american when ... ... you never feel the need to say nonsense like `` my country is the greatest nation on earth '' , because everyone already knows it . 
  do n't turn your back on hobbits , though . 
  sneaky little fuckers . 
  i complained about yasser arafat getting it . 
  the nobel peace prize has been a joke for decades . 
  too often it 's been a tool for regressive-leftist political propaganda . 
   people just love to complain about obama getting it because more is expected from a us president . 
  that 's not being objective though . 
  the us president indeed does more for peace than anyone else on the planet , so why should n't they win the award ? 
  he was nominated two weeks after he became president . 
  he had done absolutely nothing except be elected as a black man who was not bush . 
  and the rest of his term was anything but peaceful . 
   this would be when the consequences of the iraq war * consequences of obama 's premature withdrawal from iraq in a fit of self-flagellation which created the conditions for isis, 
   just about everyone hates trump except for his die-hard true believers , and they 're considered dangerous crackpots -- nobody actually respects them . 
  might want to step out of your regressive-leftist echo chamber once in a while and check the opinion polls , which show majority support both for trump himself and for each of his policies .
