  `` the problem with socialism is that eventually you run out of other people 's money . '', 
  - margaret thatcher, 
   and yet lots of people want the newest $ 700 + iphone . 
  and far * more * people would want it if it cost less . 
  look at the market share of iphone vs. android . 
   by that logic nobody would have anything more advanced than what they could produce themselves , like this $ 1500 sandwich . 
  better clear your calendar . 
  people do n't make nice things because you have a right to them . 
  they make nice things because you 're willing to pay for them . 
  because a two-tier system would n't satisfy the vast majority of people who are calling for socialized medicine . 
  it 's still `` healthcare inequality '' and thus morally reprehensible to them . 
  not all prescription drugs are expensive . 
  hth . 
  some are , but you can achieve far higher than '' * no * standard of care '' using just basic , cheap drugs . 
   since we have the best care available in most situations , it 's wrong that those who need it most could die if they ca n't afford it . 
  we have the best care available * because * of the free market . 
  under socialized medicine , we would have the same lower standards and rationing as everyone else . 
  simple economics dictates that if something is cheaper , people will consume more of it . 
  if you make the `` best care available '' free because everyone `` deserves '' it , then demand will be almost infinite , and the only way to cope with it is by rationing ( `` death panels '' , waiting lists , bribes ) . 
  your basic error is in assuming health care is a human right . 
  it is n't . 
  nothing that requires someone else to bear a burden for you is a `` right '' , because that entails slavery . 
  the only exception is a child 's right to parental support . 
  having a kid is a form of self-enslavement , but it 's voluntary and avoidable . 
  if you 're not a child , you do n't have a right to anyone else 's labor or resources . 
   if you are willing to pay so much for free , universal healthcare , eh ? 
  of course , such an arrangement ca n't persist for very long , before socialists start complaining about a `` shortage of doctors '' because all of the doctors prefer the high-paying customers to the ones who pay at the government rate . 
  then they make it illegal to charge more than * x * amount for a service , and then you go back into the waiting list with everyone else . 
  then you either need to bribe someone to jump the queue , or buy a plane ticket to the u.s. 
  before obamacare , anyone could get free emergency room service , regardless of their ability to pay . 
  that 's hardly '' * no * standard of care '' . 
  the complaint was that poor , uninsured people could n't afford expensive treatments like chemotherapy . 
  if you get a life-threatening illness , and you do n't have insurance , i 'm afraid the only alternative to `` worrying about medical bills '' is socialized medicine , which means you 'll get mediocre care that 's rationed . 
  simple , inviolable economics . 
  most technologically advanced cancer centers in the world : 1 . 
  hospital of the university of pa -- abramson cancer center ( philadelphia , pa , united states ) 2 . 
  roswell park cancer institute ( buffalo , ny , united states ) 3 . 
  johns hopkins hospital sidney kimmel comprehensive cancer center ( baltimore , md , united states ) 4 . 
  university of texas m.d. 
  anderson cancer center ( houston , tx , united states ) 5 . 
  memorial sloan-kettering cancer center ( new york , ny , united states ) 6 . 
  wake forest university baptist comprehensive cancer center ( winston-salem , nc , united states ) 7 . 
  princess margaret cancer centre , university health network ( toronto , on , canada ) 8 . 
  usc norris comprehensive cancer center ( los angeles , ca , united states ) 9 . 
  christie hospital nhs foundation trust ( withington , manchester , united kingdom ) 10 . 
  spanish national cancer research center ( madrid , spain ) http://www.topmastersinhealthcare.com/30-most-technologically-advanced-cancer-centers-in-the-world/, 
  problem with that idea is that it creates a `` two-tier healthcare system '' , and people like you will complain about poor people receiving an `` inferior standard of care '' . 
  yep . 
  free , mediocre healthcare for everyone , if you qualify ( according to their `` death panel '' criteria ) , and after waiting a suitable number of days/weeks/months . 
  also being able to get the world 's best healthcare , with no waiting lists , if you 're willing to pay for it . 
  edit : that 's right , socialists . 
  downvote those mean old facts until they go away and leave you alone !, 
  trump is neither consistently right-wing nor left-wing . 
  what he is is a populist and a nationalist . 
  reducing education funding is not a `` right wing '' thing , although eliminating federal government involvement in education would be . 
  mind you , this is only right-wing in the usa , not necessarily other places . 
  in the usa economic liberals are considered `` right wing '' , and economic authoritarians ( leftists ) are paradoxically called `` liberals '' . 
  reducing nasa 's budget is definitely not a right-wing position . 
  trade protectionism certainly is n't right-wing . 
  if people liked obamacare , he would n't mess with it . 
  he 's against it on populist grounds . 
  it 's an intensified form of `` what ( in ) the hell '' . 
  * fuck * is a more vulgar word than * hell * , so it 's `` edgier '' . 
  i skimmed it a bit . 
  i knew it was partly based on the massachusetts plan that was signed into law by then-governor mitt romney , a rino . 
  i did n't know there had ever been a republican proposal in congress that included an `` individual mandate '' . 
  til . 
  ( of course , being supported by a few republicans does n't imply broad-based republican support . ), 
  a highly dubious claim , but regardless , what 's your point ? 
  republicans are n't immune to stupidity . 
  never made any pretense of seeking a bipartisan solution . 
  told the republicans if they want to have influence , they should win an election next time . 
  passed it through congress with * literally zero * republican votes . 
  used the `` nuclear option '' in the senate , changing the rules to bypass the filibuster , thus eliminating that tool for all future senates . 
  the inevitable result : a shitty law without broad-based support that was destined to fail and be overturned , costing us hundreds of billions in the process . 
  national debt : he doubled it . 
  literally increased it by as much as all previous presidents combined . 
  encouraged and fostered racial conflict , setting back racial relations in the country by decades . 
  iraq . 
  libya . 
  ugh , that 's enough for now . 
  it 's too depressing . 
   you may , but there 's a significant difference between the two in terms of the use -- mention distinction of analytical philosophy though . 
  your sentence is n't using the word , it 's essentially only mentions . 
  the first time * had * appears in my sentence it is being `` used '' . 
  your sentence also contains `` mentions '' . 
  i think any sentence that contains `` mentions '' is cheating , because you could use any number of repetitions of the word in those `` mentions '' . 
  everything he touched turned to shit . 
  everything he did was a disaster for our country and the world . 
  absolutely nothing he did while in office ever improved anything . 
  his administration was an unmitigated catastrophe . 
  i could list hundreds of examples , but i would n't know where to start or stop . 
  just google `` obama worst president ever '' and you 'll get a good overview . 
  best : washington worst : obama trump has n't done anything yet , either great or catastrophic . 
   james , while john had had had , had had had had ; had had had had a better effect on the teacher . 
  kind of cheating . 
  might as well say : james had * had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had had * , which was clearly gibberish , but the teacher liked it . 
   and ~ ~ big ~ ~ countries can never be real friends . 
  fify . 
   the netherlands and austria are like niche rivals in specific domains , but i would like to consider them to unimportant to become our official full sized rivals .
