  without patents , many innovations would languish as trade secrets for decades . 
  not everything can be easily reverse-engineered by taking apart your competitor 's product . 
  on the other hand , not everything can be hidden as a trade secret . 
  and in those areas , * innovation would slow to a crawl * . 
  why would i invest in research and development , if as soon as i bring my product to market , it can be instantly copied by the chinese and sold for 1/3 the price ? 
  where is my profit ? 
  in that case , i am better off just trying to cut costs rather than trying to innovate new products . 
  there is no incentive to innovate . 
  imperial, 
  a lot of people do n't think women should have to be drafted into combat . 
  how can one person be `` more native '' than another person , when both are born here ? 
  unless you 're talking about mexican immigrants , who clearly are by definition non-native to this country . 
  wait , so `` europeanness '' is something to be respected ? 
  i 'm confused , you seem to be contradicting yourself . 
  wait , hold on . 
  are you under the impression that `` hard brexit '' means that the uk will cease all trade with the eu ? 
  * truly * free trade with china ( sans protectionism , corruption , espionage and currency manipulation ) would be good for both parties . 
  what do you care ? 
  scotland will be an eu vassal state , right ? 
  now you 're putting ttip 's failure on trump ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
   trump wants to destroy the eu . 
  he sees it as a tool to `` beat america in trade '' . 
  why should we be friendly with someone who is hostile ? 
  trumps biggest enemy is china . 
  directly behind that are germany and the eu . 
  do you have sources for any of this drivel ? 
  here 's a basic clue for you about why ip is a good thing : if you do n't protect ip rights , then companies will hoard all of their ip instead of publishing it in patents . 
  that slows down innovation , encourages monopolies , and makes everyone poorer . 
   because he is a completely deranged man who sees the eu , so far the closest ally of the us , as an enemy . 
  do you people * ever * tire of just making shit up and putting words in people 's mouths to demonize them ? 
  moar censorship !, 
  we would n't . 
  the whole argument is a red herring . 
  trump has been hitting back against the msm , so they are doubling down on their bias and demonization efforts . 
  most of the readers of this sub credulously swallow their news from the guardian and similar sources . 
  finland exists under a protective umbrella maintained by benevolent powers . 
  the u.s. and uk would n't necessarily have that same luxury . 
  but i was told by europeans that the time for armies was past , and everything could be negotiated now at the un . 
  why should we maintain our military at huge expense if diplomacy solves everything ? 
  jesus , you people have no sense of perspective whatsoever . 
  at the end of trump 's presidency , nothing much will be different outside of the u.s. and all of your frantic hyperventilating will look rather silly in hindsight . 
  * eyeroll * do germans not see the obvious bias in the poll 's question and choices , or do they just not care ? 
  i suspect it 's the latter , which would put them in a league with the msm in the u.s. 
  agenda over truth . 
  so depressing . 
  and if you want justice , give babies life rights . 
  if you believe all military parades are bad , then you are in a tiny minority . 
  that was n't the issue we were discussing . 
  it 's what this thread is about . 
  nope . 
   donald trump 's inauguration team wanted to show off the u.s. military during inauguration weekend and even suggested including tanks and missile launchers in his inaugural parade , the huffington post reported thursday . 
  strangely absent : the word `` inauguration '' . 
   and the poll takers were n't really shocked . 
  lol , read a news article once in a while . 
   their goal was to have their poll correlate to what the national popular vote counts were going to be . 
  and they were successful in this . 
  citation needed . 
  why were they shocked by the results then ? 
  that was apparently what you were implying , but whatever . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  pick one or the other , but you ca n't have both : * the polls were predicting the sum of the state popular votes , in which case the polls were not indicative of the actual levels of support nationally . 
  * the polls were measuring levels of support nationally , in which case the popular vote results are not a vindication of the polls , nor vice versa . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/symphony_no._9_ ( beethoven ) #text _ of_the_fourth_movement, 
  it is rife with references to god and religion . 
  what ever happened to separation of church and state ? 
  omg i 'm so creeped out !!!!, 
  we elected trump because he does n't mince words . 
  for one thing , we are tired of all the spin and deceit from politicians . 
  and for another thing , it 's lulzy . 
  since the electoral college system produces significantly different turnouts in different states , you can not know whether `` they got the national polling right '' because there was no national popular vote . 
  false , there was no national popular vote , only 50 state popular votes . 
  you ca n't simply add up the state popular votes to determine what the result of a national popular vote would have been , because in the electoral college system , turnout is higher in battleground states . 
  get rid of the electoral college , and turnout would be lower in battleground states and higher in `` safe '' states . 
  not an argument for believing unsourced nonsense . 
  that would 've been hilarious if trump had done that . 
  it would 've been in keeping with his trollish ways . 
   and now they 're going from an eloquent diplomat like obama to an orange fascist businessman ? 
  the country has basically become a business venture backed by trump brand marketing and russian influence . 
  damn , how gullible are you ? 
  do n't believe everything you read in the guardian . 
   they 've shown they have not improved what do you mean by that ? 
  are you referring to fringe political groups ? 
  if so , is n't that a bit harsh ? 
  can you give an example of what you mean by `` u.s. influence '' that would go away without nato ? 
  fair enough . 
  but if you have any convenient german sources , i can use google translate with my rudimentary german to try to make sense of it . 
  if you can just give me the `` smoking gun '' , i would appreciate it . 
   he knows how the things he says will be understood by his followers , and always leaves himself just enough wiggle room to not be open to attacks by the verfassungsschutz . 
  this might be problematic . 
  i am always reluctant to accept it when opponents start putting words in someone 's mouth . 
  if he did n't say something , it usually is not fair to insist that he actually meant it . 
  that is the most common tactic of the regressive left -- e.g. 
  to call someone racist when that person does not accept the label for himself . 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  i was asking the question because i really want to know , and the guardian is an extremely biased source and did n't cite any examples , so i ca n't simply take their word for it . 
  can you provide a source showing that he supports the anti-semitic parts of gedeon 's writings ? 
  saying that christianity and judaism are opposed is not racist ; all religions are opposed to one degree or another . 
  it 's common sense . 
   there are a lot of reasons he is considered anti-semitic .
