  there certainly is an issue . 
  burying your head in the sand wo n't make it go away . 
  attempting to abdicate moral responsibility just results in other people making the moral decisions for you . 
  hey , as long as you 're going to stick around , do you want to actually discuss the abortion issue ? 
  we might as well get into the actual subject matter , since i think you 've exhausted your repertoire of insults . 
  i 'm an idiot and a loony because i 'm an idiot and a loony ? 
  that makes perfect sense . 
  it 's becoming apparent that you have a lot of bitterness and hate within you , but not much self respect . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  edit : saw your edit , but it does n't really make any difference . 
  because i 've stated that the abortion issue hinges on when a human begins ( at conception , at birth , or somewhere in between ) , and that there are reasonable people on both sides of the argument ? 
  it 's a weakness of yours , that you are unable to discuss the topic of abortion without bringing in a lot of irrelevant details about the background of the person you 're talking to . 
  trying to establish me as a `` loony '' , stupid , brainwashed , etc. 
  and bringing up the irrelevant fact that i support trump ( to a degree ) shows that you are fully concentrating on * ad hominem * attacks rather than the actual subject of debate . 
  like i said before , that may `` score points '' in the short term , but in the long term it never convinces anyone . 
  i did n't come here to troll . 
  my intent was to persuade people that demonizing the opposing side in a political argument , ultimately , is counterproductive . 
  it may score you a few points in the short term , but in the long term it does n't work . 
  i just find it kind of morbidly fascinating that you are so full of hatred and rage . 
  you 're going to have a stroke , you really need to calm down . 
  this is n't a laughing matter . 
  what part of `` putting words in people 's mouths is not persuasive '' did you fail to understand ? 
  you have a seething hatred problem . 
  you really should get that seen to . 
  it 's not good for your health . 
  there is [ plenty of debate in europe ] ( https://img.buzzfeed.com/buzzfeed-static/static/2015-06/4/10/enhanced/webdr13/enhanced-18916-1433427783-1.png ) , and nothing like the unanimity that you seem to think exists . 
  there is ample disagreement about when and if abortions should be legal , and the laws vary widely across european countries . 
   i do n't care about persuading you apparently you are n't interested in convincing anybody . 
   and there is nothing toxic in not being american . 
  putting words in people 's mouths is not persuasive , either . 
  you persuade no one with this toxic accusatory rhetoric , fyi . 
  believing life begins at conception in no way entails misogyny , support for theocracy , a disdain for women 's rights , or abnormality . 
  how is a woman 's lawsuit a `` political process '' ? 
  yes , we need to get the fuck off this planet . 
  it will solve 90 % of the problems people whine incessantly about . 
  please , europe , make it happen . 
  that 's not hard to do . 
  what are you waiting for ? 
  if a nation does n't have nationalists , then it is not a nation . 
  give me a fucking break . 
  women do n't go into those jobs because they do n't * want * those dirty , hazardous , physically demanding jobs . 
  i work in the tech industry , and we * bend over backwards * to give a huge preference to the few female candidates who are interested . 
  it is reprehensible that people attribute the numbers to sexism without any proof whatsoever . 
  that kind of identity politics is tearing apart our society , and it 's the main reason trump was elected . 
  did n't bother to check the source , eh ? 
  many more men than women are willing to accept a job that * is in an unpleasant environment ( prison guard vs. childcare worker ) * requires harder-to-attain skills ( hard science vs. liberal arts ) * requires longer work hours ( executive vs. administrative assistant ) * is unrewarding to most people ( tax accountant vs. artist ) * demands financial risk ( commission-based sales vs. government job ) * is inconvenient ( traveling salesperson vs. teacher ) * is hazardous ( police officer vs. librarian ) . 
  even when women are paid more in those jobs . 
  for example , women sales engineers earn 143 % of their male counterparts ' salary . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.martynemko.com/articles/why-men-earn-more_id1226 ) why are men willing to accept these jobs ? 
  because society expects men to earn as much money as they can , to maximize their value and reproductive opportunities . 
  women , on the other hand , have the option , but if they earn less , they are n't valued less . 
  the fact is , women want easy , cushy jobs and to still be paid the same as men . 
  feminists are only interested in equalizing the numbers where the numbers favor men . 
  what about the lowest positions , such as plumbers , construction workers and coal miners ? 
  is it also a problem that those are still usually held by men ? 
  typical feminazi . 
  he 's a man , so he 's not entitled to an opinion . 
   why would they make fun of you ? 
  i honestly do n't know . 
  but i 've only heard that stereotype about france . 
  i 've never ( yet ) been to france , so i ca n't judge . 
  maybe the stereotype is applied more often to france simply because france is the most-toured country . 
  the uk was a successful country before the eu . 
  if it is successful after the eu ( as it surely will be ) , that is not an indictment of the eu . 
  the politicians who are hoping the uk has a rough time are misguided . 
  but if their accents were thicker , that would only make them cuter to me . 
  and when they mispronounce words , they are cuter still . 
  maybe i 'm just strange . 
   however if you do n't know what proper finnish accent is listen to hydraulic press channel in youtube . 
  i have sort of learned to like it . 
  i like it too , but i 'm not sure if the guy 's jolly exuberance is interfering with my judgement . 
  `` anything too stupid to be said is sung . '', 
  - voltaire still true today . 
  it 's interesting . 
  i do n't view very strong french accents as `` awful '' . 
  i just view them as french . 
  it does n't make them seem stupid or uneducated ; it just makes it seem like they are in an earlier stage of learning english . 
  at least they had the courage and motivation to embark upon such a difficult journey , which is worthy of respect . 
  i do understand the impulse , though . 
  i would feel stupid trying to speak german in germany with my idiotic-sounding american-accented german . 
  and the same when i hear other americans speaking other languages with a heavy american accent . 
  `` you 're not even * trying * to pronounce it correctly !, 
  just shut up !!! '', 
  do you believe there is a greater tendency in france to laugh at or deride foreigners for their poor attempts at speaking french ? 
  or is that an unfounded stereotype ? 
  [ it 's cute ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yyociu0_gfi ) if the woman is otherwise reasonably attractive . 
  same for [ austrian ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b3_fwnlv3bi ) . 
  based on the limited info in their respective english wikipedia articles , it seems that the difference in preferences may be political , i.e. 
  pispers is more likely to be preferred by the left , nuhr by the right . 
  the same is true for [ flula borg ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/djflula ) , a popular youtuber . 
  that seems far-fetched . 
  wikipedia supposedly operates on the basis of `` consensus '' , but it 's hard to determine ( or enforce ) a global consensus on a topic when there is a language barrier and separate articles in separate languages . 
  have you noticed any instances where there are different `` consensuses '' in different languages ? 
  is there such a service ? 
  if not , why has n't anyone seized this huge moneymaking opportunity ? 
  we americans have already watched all of the english-language stuff . 
  we 've run out , and our insatiable appetite for entertainment still is n't satisfied . 
  we 'll pay $ 10/month for a european version of netflix . 
  all you have to do is take all of those tv shows and movies from your archives , put them online , and add english subtitles . 
  ( if you want , you can subtitle it for other languages too , but whatever . ),
