  if it can be identified easily as propaganda , it is not effective . 
  the real issue is that these organizations lack intellectual diversity . 
  they do n't think they are generating propaganda , they think they are telling the truth . 
  therefore they view questioning their impartiality as an attack against the freedom of the press . 
  exactly right . 
  is it , though ? 
  or is the media fanning the flames with sensationalism , as per usual practice ? 
  i ca n't judge for myself , since i do n't read the french press or watch french tv . 
  i disagree . 
  two wrongs do n't make a right . 
  destroying an innocent third party 's property does n't bring justice , just more suffering . 
  civilized people seek justice . 
  rioting thug scum seek to undermine civilization . 
   setting refugee shelters in fire ( neo-nazis ) scum  setting cars in fire ( antifa ) scum  shooting and killing a policeman ( reichsb\u00fcrger ) scum hth, 
  you think their funding materializes out of thin air ? 
  sounds like it 's not being punished harshly enough . 
  it 's stupid and counterproductive . 
  it should be illegal , since it encourages kidnapping and funds terrorism . 
  what violations of rights sparked the riots ? 
  more to the point , what rights of minorities are being systematically infringed ? 
  i 'm not following you . 
  but whatever . 
  i 'm talking about the insurance . 
  it 's hard to imagine a policy that would encourage hostage-taking more than buying `` hostage insurance '' so the hostage takers are guaranteed to get paid . 
  is this not obvious to people ? 
  because `` factual '' mean whatever you happen to believe , and fuck everyone else ? 
  `` not effectively controlled in the interests of the native population '' is a perfectly legitimate definition for `` open border '' , even if it does n't match yours . 
  in that case i would agree , but i also would n't call it `` civilized democracy '' if the rights of minorities are n't protected . 
  in modern snowflake culture , people complain of their rights being violated a lot more often than their rights are actually violated . 
  the convenient part about that is , all you have to do is label someone a fascist , and then you have carte blanche to treat them however you like . 
   we have hostage-taking ( patron and high official are insured against that ) surely you jest ? 
  so just to be clear , you advocate destroying people 's property if they have `` incorrect '' ideas ? 
  whether or not it technically qualifies under your definition of `` open borders '' is irrelevant . 
  in effect , it is * viewed * as an open border ( i.e. 
  not effectively controlled in the interests of europe ) by the populist backlash . 
   you can be uncivilized and a ponce . 
  they 've built an entire national identity on it . 
  the essence of france . 
  wow , i feel like i learned something today . 
  thank you , kind sir . 
  europe does n't have open borders , but what it 's been doing the last few years is close enough . 
  hence the populist backlash , brexit , the rise of le pen and afd , and merkel 's course change . 
  wait , i screwed up . 
  ponces are n't uncivilized , are they ? 
  this england/france banter is harder than i thought . 
  the main parts of globalism people find objectionable are * open borders * pooling of sovereignty into unaccountable supranational organizations although trade protectionism is also highly popular in some industries . 
  i 'm not familiar with all of those groups , but let me give you a quick rule of thumb :  do they use violence and destruction of property instead of peaceful means to promote a political agenda in a civilized , democratic country ? 
  * if yes , then they 're scum . 
  * if no , then they 're not necessarily scum . 
  ridiculous !, 
  do n't forget to sprinkle it with faerie dust , you bloody ponces . 
  it might be more than you think . 
  in fact i believe a majority of people view taxation as a necessary evil . 
   as for taxation in general , it is not a loss if you receive something in return - and the overall value that the individual receives from the state in return is far greater than their individual contribution . 
  so taking someone 's property is ok , as long as you give them something in return of equal or greater value ? 
  you 're wrong . 
  what 's `` unpresidented '' is giving legitimacy and tacit support to rioters , like obama and all of the democrats are doing . 
  rioters should be called scum so they can understand the contempt that civilized people have for them . 
  hopefully that can be a deterrent to future crimes . 
  what 's so difficult about `` boil until mush '' ? 
  well rioting wo n't help civilize the place . 
  they need more tea . 
  absence of democratic representation is a valid justification for rioting or revolution . 
  it 's a last resort , though . 
  and it 's never justified in a civilized , democratic society . 
  that 's self defense , not rioting . 
  if you really believe in all of that shit , start a private network . 
  what right do you have to force everyone to pay for it , even those who are firmly opposed to your globalist , regressive-leftist agenda ? 
  it would be different if such a network could be counted on to be politically neutral . 
  in that case it could be a great thing . 
  but we all know that is n't going to happen . 
  it will become a tool of political indoctrination , just as you and the author of the linked article intend . 
  you disagree ? 
  when is violence and destruction of property morally acceptable in a civilized , democratic country , pray tell ? 
  all rioters who riot in civilized democratic places , yes . 
  well rioters are scum , after all . 
  europeans do n't want to pay with their taxes for the privilege of being `` educated '' by the globalist elite . 
  if you succeed , this will only breed more anti-eu populism . 
  so is its opposite : doff they 're both kind of outdated , though . 
  are you prepared to fight a civil war to keep the eu together , though ? 
  yes , prostitution can be very profitable . 
  maybe the solution is not to divisively call themselves a `` feminist government '' in the first place ? 
  nah , too simple . 
   what if that thing you want is likely to further efforts to dissolve the mandatory hijab law in the future ? 
  you do n't change islam 's ways by kowtowing to it ; that only earns you their contempt and emboldens them to seek more concessions . 
  their openly-avowed goal is worldwide sharia law . 
  it 's not their `` culture '' , though . 
  it 's the law , instituted by the theocracy when the shah was overthrown . 
  but before that , iranian women were n't required to wear head coverings in public . 
  by `` respecting '' it , you are legitimizing theocratic oppression . 
  not surprising , since only one side is still campaigning in the media as though the question is n't already settled . 
  schedule an actual referendum , and that obviously would change . 
  cool story , bro . 
  so what happens when bannon and putin disagree ? 
  which puppet master takes precedence ? 
  * munches popcorn *, 
  so let me get this straight . 
  bannon and putin are conspiring behind the scenes to get trump to do their bidding ? 
  american soldiers are n't there to protect estonia . 
  they are there to support an alliance that protects the usa .
