  ad hominem attacks do n't make for compelling arguments . 
  like i said , i 'm not going to try to convert you from your religion . 
  if you do n't want to read the article , fine . 
  carry on in blissful ignorance . 
  interesting , you seem to know a lot about the subject . 
  i did n't know that reciprocity was a legal requirement in the u.s. statutes . 
  in that case , i agree that it 's unlikely the eu will implement this . 
  here 's an interesting and very well-sourced article on the subject : [ sex differences in general intelligence ] ( http://www.sciencevsfeminism.com/the-myth-of-equality/sex-differences-general-intelligence/ ) enjoy if you want . 
  i 'm not going to get in a religious argument with you , though . 
  people are n't paid solely based on their intelligence , but there definitely is a positive correlation between intelligence and pay . 
  umm ... numerous studies have shown a slight difference in average intelligence between the sexes . 
  there 's also a significant difference in the * variance * in intelligence between the sexes . 
  it 's not politically correct , but it 's true . 
  i wo n't reject whatever point he was making merely because he cited those well-known facts . 
   usa made a visa waiver deal with the eu , saying that us citizens can travel to all eu countries without a visa , if the us government reciprocates the deal for eu citizens . 
  wrong . 
  there was never any such deal . 
  nor was there any implied agreement that * any * new eu member , regardless of security risks , would get visa-free travel to the u.s. 
  the u.s. allows visa-free travel from the eu countries that meet the requirements , but the requirements are the same for everyone . 
  are none of you interested in the point he was making ? 
  do you think he just stood up and talked shit about women for the fun of it ? 
  i imagine he was arguing against some brain-dead `` wage gap '' or `` glass ceiling '' justification for instituting a sex quota where it does n't belong . 
  the u.s. is being fair ( requiring less than 3 % visa rejections before allowing visa free travel ) but the eu does n't like the u.s. 's rules and wants special treatment for some countries with  3 % visa rejections . 
  do you also want all of your citizens to be treated equally , regardless of whether they have committed crimes ? 
  everyone in prison , or no one in prison . 
  that makes precisely the same amount of sense . 
   it 's not a security issue though . 
  it 's due to high refusal rate , which is usually caused by things like ( 214  not having a stable job , lack of family to return to , ( 221  missing documents or ( 212  errors in documents . 
  ( numbers in brackets relates to acts in u.s. immigration and nationality act ) . 
  philosophically , the only reason to reject a visa is for security reasons . 
  if you suspect a person will overstay the visa or wo n't be able to be tracked properly , then that is a security risk , albeit on a different scale than the risk of someone you suspect of being a terrorist . 
   the likelihood that the u.s. would cancel their own visa waiver programs for qualifying eu member states . 
  i doubt this . 
  if europe wants to cut off the nose of its tourism industry , why should we do the same ? 
  that 's assuming the u.s. does n't have valid security reasons for different visa policies for different eu countries . 
  in the absence of security issues , the u.s. would already have visa waivers for those countries . 
  you 're asking the u.s. to base its visa policies on `` fairness '' rather than security considerations . 
  well in that case , the only way to be `` fair '' to all eu countries while maintaining security is to deny them all . 
  i do n't think the calculation depends on who is president at the time . 
  edit : i think the most likely outcome , regardless of who is president , is for the u.s. 's policies to be completely unaffected . 
  the eu 's actions will hurt cross-atlantic commerce , but there is very little impetus for the u.s. to hurt it further by retaliating . 
  florida has no desire to make it harder for german tourists to visit . 
  maybe if it were an election year it would be different . 
  if the eu institutes a retaliatory visa policy , would n't you expect the u.s. to do the same regardless of who is president ? 
  well why do n't you stop then ? 
  explain . 
   the only person folding on his promises is trump citation please ? 
  he 's been very good about upholding his campaign promises , much to the consternation of the regressive left . 
  who are you calling `` we '' ? 
  wtf are you talking about , he 's been the most honest politician in u.s. history , based on keeping his campaign promises . 
  he may need to be reminded , but he 'll keep his word . 
  if you want to be treated as a single country , become a single country . 
   so the only thing they could do was to slooowly bring the rate of rejection down year by year , because bringing it from 30 % to , say , 8 % in one year , would have raised a ton of red flags and gotten him nailed to the cross on fox news . 
  it 's ironic that even though what you are describing is a clear case of corruption , you seem to imply that `` being nailed to the cross by fox news '' would be an injustice . 
  so you think it 's just harassment for the sake of spreading misery ? 
  jesus , what an entitled snowflake . 
  the article does n't get into the reasons for the changes , but my impression is that people simply find shopping malls ( with free parking ) more economical and/or convenient . 
  therefore , returning to the old ways would be a reduction in the standard of living . 
  or am i oversimplifying it ? 
  a lot of people romanticize older and more primitive lifestyles , but when given the choice , they do n't actually want to live that way . 
  what is that on the right , coffee flavored ice cream ? 
  this is free publicity for her . 
  her supporters will view it as unfair , and it keeps her in the news . 
  it also furthers her political agenda , as news outlets ca n't help mentioning that the photos were of barbaric isis beheadings . 
  she 's following the trump strategy beautifully , and her political opponents are playing a vital contributing role . 
  what is the float implying then ? 
  which `` inequality '' is being cited ? 
  the inequality of status between citizens and noncitizens ? 
   we are proud that every tourist visit is an act of faith in france . 
  you 're * proud * that tourists are so worried about being blown up by terrorists that they need `` faith '' when visiting france ? 
  clearly some anonymous bureaucrat is more qualified to decide which speech is necessary/appropriate than a mep who was elected with the support of millions of people . 
  since there are so many vested interests in maintaining national defense industries , would n't it make more sense to train all european armies to use each other 's hardware , rather than forcing them all to use the same hardware ? 
  blue + yellow = green, 
  hell of a name , too . 
  the term `` football '' distinguishes sports that are played on foot from sports that are played on horseback ( e.g. 
  polo ) . 
  it has nothing to do with whether you kick the ball . 
  besides , you * do * kick the ball in rugby and gridiron , and you * do * use your hands in soccer . 
  interesting , i 'll read more about this , thanks . 
  a description of this chart from [ here ] ( https://elms.wordpress.com/2008/03/04/lexical-distance-among-languages-of-europe/ ) :  this chart shows the lexical distance -- that is , the degree of overall vocabulary divergence -- among the major languages of europe . 
   the size of each circle represents the number of speakers for that language . 
  circles of the same color belong to the same language group . 
  all the groups except for finno-ugric ( in yellow ) are in turn members of the indo-european language family . 
   english is a member of the germanic group ( blue ) within the indo-european family . 
  but thanks to 1066 , william of normandy , and all that , about 75 % of the modern english vocabulary comes from french and latin ( ie the romance languages , in orange ) rather than germanic sources . 
  as a result , english ( a germanic language ) and french ( a romance language ) are actually closer to each other in lexical terms than romanian ( a romance language ) and french . 
   so why is english still considered a germanic language ? 
  two reasons . 
  first , the most frequently used 80 % of english words come from germanic sources , not latinate sources . 
  those famous anglo-saxon monosyllables live on !, 
  second , the syntax of english , although much simplified from its old english origins , remains recognizably germanic . 
  the norman conquest added french vocabulary to the language , and through pidginization it arguably stripped out some germanic grammar , but it did not add french grammar . 
  interesting . 
  i did n't know that . 
  why do you think that is ? 
  i mean , why are the pan-european parties `` parties of parties '' instead of `` parties of individuals '' ? 
  cultural convergence is a prerequisite for european integration . 
  language is the main barrier to this . 
  having separate national languages allows `` internal national conversations '' that diverge with the rest of europe . 
  europe needs to wait for translation technology to improve .
