  so why would we try to cheat your country ? 
  the u.s. has more inequality because we have more rich people , not because we have more poor people . 
  respect must be earned . 
  as soon as the eastern european countries get their visa rejection rates below 3 % , we wo n't hesitate to waive their visas . 
  until then , it wo n't happen . 
  that , and they still harbor delusions of canceling the whole thing if they can make it look like enough of a disaster . 
   in order to achieve reciprocity , there are only two ways to go about it :  either the eu obtains it on behalf of romania  or romania negotiates it for itself you forgot the third option , the u.s. awards it automatically if and when romania meets the normal requirements per u.s. law . 
   if the eu is unwilling to negotiate for romania ( and has the expectation only of how things ought to go within the eu ) , then for romania participation in schengen ( which is a legal obligation ) is less valuable than it would be for germany say , as well as its membership in the eu . 
  so what ? 
  romania brings less to the table than germany . 
  it should expect to get less in return , until it develops more . 
  at that point , the number of visa rejections from the u.s. would naturally decrease . 
   the romanian government has a duty toward its citizens , and reciprocal rights with other states is one way that this is expressed . 
  so why should the romanian government give up their right to set their own visa policy with respect to the treatment of their own citizens abroad if they know that the eu is not willing to vindicate them equally ? 
  they would n't . 
  of course they would . 
  you are saying they would n't have joined the schengen area if it did n't mean visa-free travel to foreign countries ? 
  i doubt that . 
  being able to travel freely within europe is far more valuable to them . 
   so when you argue that the situation is reasonable , it 's just another way of saying that romania should accept prima facie that visa requirements by the us and an eu who wo n't intervene is the appropriate outcome . 
  it 's a de facto screwing over that no state would accept , especially when it is providing unilateral access that it has no obligation to provide . 
  how is it a `` screwing over '' ? 
  you 're veering back into `` fairness '' territory . 
  it 's perfectly fair that romania would offer visa-free travel from the u.s. ( whose citizens are n't likely to illegally immigrate there ) while at the same time the u.s. does n't offer visa-free travel from romania ( whose citizens are more likely to do so ) . 
  visa-free travel benefits both countries , even if the privilege is unidirectional . 
  romania would be acting in its interests to allow visa-free travel from the u.s. even if the u.s. does n't reciprocate . 
   as far as borders go , the only borders desirable in a schengen area are its external borders . 
  border checks at internal borders are intentionally undesirable . 
  these are the ones which i reference as being an outcome if individual states need to have their own visa arrangements with non-eu states . 
  once again , that only happens if individual states have their own entrance standards . 
  a foreign country could have different entrance standards for different eu countries without any effect on eu border checks . 
  given the clearly political nature of the photos , the immunity was doing exactly the job it was intended for , and taking away that immunity after the fact is alarming . 
   if the eu can only guarantee that it will treat schengen members the same , then schengen members will need to set up their own visa deals with non-eu states , which they are prohibited from doing . 
  i do n't follow . 
  visa policies do n't necessarily have to be reciprocal . 
  why does the eu controlling romania 's visa policies * require * that the eu also control the usa 's visa policies on romania ? 
   if each country has its own visa deal , then schengen is undermined and the ability to travel the schengen area implodes because each state will need to make sure every non-eu national entering its territory is captured by its emigration system . 
  and then we have borders again , visa checks , and so forth . 
  as long as all schengen countries have the same visa policies w.r.t. 
  a foreign country , that foreign country 's visa policies would be irrelevant , it seems . 
  the border checks at schengen borders would be the same for foreign nationals regardless of that foreign country 's visa policies . 
   the eu can not , for example , turn around to poland and tell it that either its eu membership or its schengen membership matter as much as the eu and schengen membership of germany if the eu allows non-eu states to differentiate between germany and poland . 
  this is a mistake , i think . 
  the eu is over-promising if it 's saying that it will force all foreign countries to treat all schengen-area members the same . 
  when it ca n't keep that promise , it undermines confidence in the eu . 
  the solution would be to promise only that the eu will treat all schengen-area countries the same , not that it will force foreign countries to do so . 
  if what you 're saying is true , then the eu is backed into a corner , and it will have to cancel u.s. visa waivers , which the u.s. will have to reciprocate , according to its own laws . 
  lol . 
  i hope you got all of that nasty bile out of your system and you feel better now . 
  edit : for the benefit of anyone else still reading this ( unlikely ) , the flynn study she references is irrelevant because the sample only included subjects aged 14-18 , an age range in which girls are relatively more mature than boys . 
  it also uses `` gender-normalized '' testing , which tends to conceal the very differences it is purporting to disprove . 
  the high refusal rates are n't arbitrary , you just do n't like them . 
  what possible interest does the u.s. have in arbitrarily refusing visas from any country ? 
  that hurts our economy , the same as yours . 
  the u.s. has vwp requirements that apply to individual countries . 
  as long as these countries remain independent , u.s. law requires them to be treated separately . 
  i do n't understand why you think this situation is somehow unfair . 
  people in those countries are likely to overstay their visas or try to illegally immigrate . 
  therefore the u.s. does n't waive the visa requirements for them . 
  the same is not true of germany or france . 
  there is no special provision in u.s. law to treat multiple countries as a single country for the purpose of visa waivers . 
  why do you think this is unfair ? 
  i just do n't get it . 
  yep . 
  the `` process '' is that the u.s. is waiting for the countries to meet the requirements , which presumably will happen as the countries become more affluent and their incentives for illegally immigrating to the usa decline . 
   i 'm also not the one claiming half a gender to be inferior i never claimed this . 
  you 're the one defining the value of a person by his/her iq , not me . 
   defending a politician who stated we deserve less pay based on fake claims . 
  you certainly like to put words in people 's mouths , do n't you ? 
   for as much as you 'd like to make it seem legit on basis of loco-motor skill studies and ovulation cycles , reality proves women have as much brain power as men , and regardless of being denied access to education , we 've always been interested in helping humanity out . 
   here 's one woman who could 've just stayed home and silently accept the limitations imposed on her , but fought against them instead . 
  http://www.atlasobscura.com/articles/the-secret-polish-university-for-women-where-marie-curie-got-her-start  and did you know computer science started out as a woman 's job ? 
  here 's the one to which americans owe having put a man on the moon . 
  http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38076123 you can not disprove a general claim with a few counterexamples . 
  the bell curve includes outliers . 
  so why does n't the eu demand that instead of full visa waivers ? 
  the u.s. is already in the process of approving those countries , as soon as they meet the security requirements . 
  same as canada . 
  i 'm looking for something that explains your claim that the u.s. was in violation of an agreement . 
  i understand that the eu wants to punish the u.s. for not `` reciprocating '' , but i 've yet to see a news article claiming that the u.s. ever promised to exempt all current and future eu members from visas without those countries meeting security requirements . 
  lol , so the guy is a clown . 
  does n't mean he could n't have a reasonable argument . 
  a stopped clock is right twice a day . 
  xd  for another - average iq between sexes is similar , it 's the distribution that differ ( but that ca n't be the reason , because it means there 's significantly more stupid men than stupid women , and that should return the average pay to be equal ) . 
  average iq is actually [ slightly higher in men ] ( http://www.sciencevsfeminism.com/the-myth-of-equality/sex-differences-general-intelligence/ ) , but i agree that would n't have much affect on the overall statistics . 
  the wider variance in iq does matter a lot , though . 
  think about it . 
  ( let 's assume the average iq is the same for men and women , to simplify the problem . ), 
  if your iq is 130 , you may make a lot more than 30 % more than a person with an iq of 100 . 
  you may make twice as much , or even ten times as much , or more . 
  enough to make up for a lot of deadbeats on the low end of the spectrum . 
  the wider iq distribution for males means there are a lot more males among the high achievers than females , which skews the average upwards even when you factor in the low-achieving males . 
   the us could have agreed by now to the same system the canadians have : if you have been granted a visa previously and you did n't over stay / cause any trouble - you do n't need to apply for a second visa . 
  that 's not what the eu is requesting though , is it ? 
  in fact that 's similar to how china treats american visitors . 
  it 's a much higher level of security than waiving visas completely . 
  if that 's true , it 's very important , and i 'm sure the romanian ambassador would like to hear about it . 
  if there are significant differences in approval rates between interviewers , then clearly there is something wrong , and that situation would n't be allowed to persist . 
  it is not in anyone 's interests ( romania or the usa ) . 
  do you happen to have a link handy to an article where i can read more about this ?
