  i disagree . 
  that would be an extremely tenuous case in court , given that he has explicitly given a justification that does n't involve race or religion , and in fact the moratorium only applies to 8 % of muslims in the world , and only * one * of the ten largest muslim countries in the world . 
  that would n't fly in court at all . 
  it does fly in the media , though , as we can plainly see . 
  ( edit : even if it were based on race or religion , the president would have the statutory power to implement it . 
  the court challenges are accomplishing nothing but delays . ), 
  trump 's immigration moratorium `` was not defendable in court '' , even though it 's been done countless times before by every president in living memory ? 
  about 8 per hour . 
  in france , about 7 per hour . 
  and by the same token , people in this sub will always have something to gripe about and someone to demonize . 
  everybody wins !, 
  he had to fire her because she refused to implement his policies . 
  in the past , decent people have voluntarily resigned when they had ideological differences with their bosses . 
  but yates wanted to make a big scene instead . 
  where did the blood come from ? 
  suppression of the press ? 
  what are you referring to ? 
  never mind . 
  it 's pretty obvious your game is hyperbole in pursuit of a political agenda . 
  nah , i think i 'll just continue to post in whatever sub i feel like posting in . 
  thanks , though . 
  we get * nothing * out of it ? 
  * psychological : the right to bear arms is a critical component of feeling competent and autonomous as individuals , rather than relying on the goodwill of a super-powerful , unassailable government . 
  * self-defense : when seconds count , the police are just minutes away . 
  the number of people who die from guns , excluding suicides , is tiny . 
  here are the top ten causes of death : \u2022 heart disease : 614,348 \u2022 cancer : 591,699 \u2022 chronic lower respiratory diseases : 147,101 \u2022 accidents ( unintentional injuries ) : 136,053 \u2022 stroke ( cerebrovascular diseases ) : 133,103 \u2022 alzheimer 's disease : 93,541 \u2022 diabetes : 76,488 \u2022 influenza and pneumonia : 55,227 \u2022 nephritis , nephrotic syndrome , and nephrosis : 48,146 \u2022 intentional self-harm ( suicide ) : 42,773 number of homicides by gun : about 9000 . 
  yep . 
  there is too much scrutiny . 
  people in powerful positions routinely deal with conflicts of interest . 
  as long as they are open about it , and decisions can be scrutinized , it does n't have to result in corruption . 
  did n't stop you from instituting draconian gun control laws based on a few dramatic incidents . 
  so a 90-day moratorium ( that is similar to a 180-day moratorium obama instituted during his term w.r.t. 
  iraq ) is `` murdering '' liberty ? 
  how can trump murder it if obama already murdered it * even worse * ? 
  how can something be murdered twice ? 
  and if you ca n't see the obvious implication of this particular `` style '' of murder -- a comparison to islamic terrorists -- then you 're naive . 
  why did n't he use a gun ? 
  why did n't he hang her with a rope ? 
  those would be the typical ways to do the job in the west . 
  there are potential conflicts of interest ( which hopefully will be properly managed ) , but that in itself is n't against the law . 
  try again . 
  i guess by the same token , guns are n't an issue , either . 
  glad to hear there is support in europe for an american-style 2nd amendment . 
  most heads of state are n't elected by popular vote , but that does n't mean `` the people did n't vote them in '' . 
  in a parliamentary system , it is entirely possible for the party that gets the most votes not to have the most seats , depending on * where * those votes occurred . 
  it does n't make the result illegitimate . 
  our muslim terrorism problem is of a lower order of magnitude . 
  i hope it stays that way . 
  he made a big ceremony of divesting all of his business interests . 
  he 's done more in that regard than any previous president . 
  was that not sufficient ? 
  i was n't talking about trump . 
  i was talking about u/briansonofbrian . 
  i doubt trump has grovelled to anyone in his entire life . 
  as for your opinion of us , i really do n't care . 
  people who cause traffic accidents are mostly just stupid or reckless . 
  terrorists are evil . 
  i 'm not afraid of the terrorists , but i do very much want to punish them and destroy them . 
  it is not irrational to treat these two groups of people differently . 
  sorry , any normal , rational person knows what the artist was doing here . 
  you might be able to delude yourself , but you 're not fooling anyone else . 
  it is not possible to demonize a person more completely than by likening him to someone who saws off the heads of innocent people . 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't make it any clearer than that . 
  and also keep in mind that this grovelling buffoon does n't speak for anyone but himself . 
  who decapitates people , holds up the severed head in one hand , a bloody knife in the other hand , and yells slogans ? 
  you are weapons-grade stupid . 
  wtf , you are either stupid or dishonest , or both . 
  i never claimed germany was the only country with stupid hate speech laws . 
  ( incidentally , the u.s. does n't have any . ), 
  however , if there was ever anything that deserves to be called `` hate speech '' , this qualifies . 
  either this is covered under your `` hate speech '' law , or your law does n't make sense . 
  take your pick , i do n't really care which you choose . 
  this is demonizing a person , and by extension , the people who support him . 
  i 'm talking about all of the replies in the thread . 
  no , it absolutely does apply . 
  this cover makes it more dangerous for a german citizen to wear a pro-trump t-shirt in germany . 
  how could anyone really fault you for attacking someone so monstrous ? 
  if this der spiegel cover is n't hate speech , i do n't know what is . 
  it 's absolutely vile . 
  the point of the cover is demonizing their political opponent by comparing him to islamic terrorists , while ignoring the fact that islamic terrorists are the ones who actually behead people . 
  it is one of the most vile pieces of propaganda i 've seen since the days of goebbels . 
  i guess germans are really good at hateful propaganda . 
  hahahah ... are you new to this sub ? 
  absolutely sickening . 
  they should be ashamed of themselves . 
  that sure is a long-winded message for someone who is n't interested in discussing it . 
  are you sure you do n't want a reply ? 
  humans are innately tribal . 
  it has been bred into us . 
  we ca n't change that , no matter how much we `` educate '' people . 
  we can only control whether that tribalistic instinct is channeled for good or evil . 
  being proud of one 's country , liking one 's country , its people and culture , is a good thing to the extent that it encourages people to invest in their community and its public goods . 
  if you hate your country , or are indifferent to it , why bother to try to improve it ? 
  especially if you live in europe , where it 's easy to just move somewhere else . 
  saying that there `` is not one single positive aspect about nationalism '' is incorrect . 
  and all of your insults and dismissal wo n't persuade people otherwise . 
  which of our laws has he broken ? 
  not every discussion has to be a life-or-death struggle against evil . 
  i do n't think all nationalism is the same . 
  there are positive and negative kinds .
