  i challenge you to find a single biologist , doctor , or judge who states unequivocally that human life begins when a fetus can survive premature birth . 
  they all acknowledge it is a difficult moral question , with no clear answer ; why ca n't you ? 
  xd how old are you , bro ? 
  no , you did n't . 
  first you said  a fetus younger than 22 weeks is simply not a human being ; it 's not an opinion , it 's a biological fact . 
  i challenge you to visit a biology class . 
  then when i challenged you to quote for me a biologist stating that `` fact '' , you said  my biology textbook by the way does not need to state the fact you have utterly failed to provide any evidence for your claim that human life begins when a fetus can survive premature birth . 
  hth . 
  seriously , why is it such a taboo to acknowledge that hitler was human ? 
  i think pretending that hitler was the spawn of satan is more dangerous . 
  better to acknowledge that there was humanity in hitler , and potentially hitler in all of us . 
  if hitler had never done anything good , how could he have convinced so many people to follow him ? 
  were they all `` absolutely evil '' also ? 
  i ca n't be punished , because i do n't live in europe . 
  my crime will go entirely unpunished , and there 's nothing that europe can do to prevent scum like me from roaming free . 
  you literally have no other argument than `` it 's obvious , only a third-world religious fanatic would deny it . '', 
  sad . 
  for the record , i am an atheist . 
  none of my beliefs have anything to do with religion . 
  damn it . 
  no hero survives the scrutiny of history , it seems . 
  so saudi arabia has the only possible immigration policy that is n't unlimited . 
  tell ya what . 
  go get your biology textbook and quote me where it says that human life begins when the fetus is able to survive a premature birth . 
   as soon as alveolus developed , there is a chance that doctors can keep the fetus alive outside the body . 
  i challenge you to look up `` human '' in any dictionary and find a definition that depends on whether it can survive outside its mother 's body . 
  that is only one possible definition of when human life begins . 
  and as i 've pointed out above , it is rather arbitrary . 
  any decent biologist will acknowledge this fact . 
  edit : furthermore , any decent biologist will acknowledge that it is virtually impossible to define what is * alive * or not , because there is a continuum of organic phenomena ( e.g. 
  viruses ) that may or may not be deemed `` living '' . 
  relevance ? 
  they did n't take any syrian refugees in the recent refugee crisis . 
  thus proving that immigration policies can be effective . 
  by your arbitrary definition . 
  i do n't happen to believe anything magically changes at 22 weeks . 
  at 21 weeks it 's a young human , and at 23 weeks it 's a young human . 
  oh , i 'm `` simply wrong '' . 
  sorry , i did n't know that . 
  that changes everything . 
  carry on then . 
  i guess i must be a muslim , after all . 
  still requires an idiotic immigration policy from the eu . 
  saudia arabia is a lot closer , and none of them went there . 
  at least you 're not calling everyone who believes in limits on abortion a religious nut , and you recognize that it 's a difficult moral issue which reasonable people of good will can disagree on . 
  a valid political issue , not just an issue for crazy people . 
   i think it 's reasonable to discuss limitations on abortion once the fetus reaches the age of viability , when it could theoretically survive on its own with medical assistance ( ~ 22 weeks ) . 
  what about babies with health problems that need medical assistance even after birth ? 
  do they not have human rights until they can survive on their own ? 
  note : you do n't need to answer this , i 'm just furthering my point that the moral questions are real and nontrivial . 
  what if due to some health problem it is unable to survive on its own ( e.g. 
  it needs a blood transfusion ) even after being born ? 
  human or not human ? 
  and when is that ? 
  when does an embryo earn its human rights ? 
  and yet they have human rights . 
  sorry , did i just commit a [ thoughtcrime ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thoughtcrime ) ? 
  my bad . 
  and to think all of you eurofederalists could 've had your dream at the meager cost of placing reasonable limits on third-world immigration . 
  my main argument would be that it 's not enough tiers . 
  every single form of cooperation in the eu should be entirely voluntary , and each nation should be able to opt out without spiteful punishment . 
  cultural convergence has to precede political integration in europe . 
  that 's the only way it can work . 
  i rest my case . 
   it is n't . 
  i have no problem thinking about it . 
  do you question whether the mother is a human with rights ? 
  not at all . 
  but there is a hierarchy of human rights , and in the case of abortion , two human rights are in conflict . 
  the right to life is more important than the right to `` bodily autonomy '' . 
   she has to risk her health , life now you 're getting into territory where reasonable people can disagree . 
  that 's the state of the discussion in the u.s. 
  surely there are some cases where abortion should be allowed , and some cases where it should be disallowed . 
  but to portray everyone who is anti-abortion as some kind of religious nutjob ( as most people in r/europe do when the subject comes up ) is hopelessly simpleminded . 
   and economic well being . 
  and the baby 's future . 
  you might condemn a baby to suffering all through life . 
  i 'd rather be poor than dead , and i 'd venture to say that most people would agree with me . 
  why not slaughter all poor people ? 
  that would solve a few socioeconomic problems . 
  it 's simple . 
  the baby 's right to life takes precedence over the woman 's right to `` not have to do stuff she does n't want to do '' . 
  the only question is whether the baby is a human with rights . 
  and that 's the question pro-abortion people never want to think about . 
  i do n't get it . 
  is n't it trendy among cultural elites to have `` nuanced '' views about shitty people ( e.g. 
  why is hitler the only `` absolutely evil '' person in human history ? 
  edit : i mean , he made the trains run on time , so he was n't all bad , was he ? 
  he could 've killed six million jews * and * made the trains late . 
  if that happened , then no , of course it was n't `` dandy '' . 
  and yes , if it was approved by the command structure , then it was arguably state-sanctioned murder . 
  what does that have to do with abortion , though ? 
  are you saying that if state-sanctioned murder occurs in one case , it should be allowed always and everywhere ? 
  she must 've been pretty hot , to have had so many delusions of grandeur without being disabused of them . 
  nationality is irrelevant . 
  i also deplore stoning rape victims to death in muslim countries , with just as much right to do so . 
  were the middle ages a time when people actually contemplated difficult moral questions rather than simply shouting down and insulting their opponents ? 
  sounds great , please send me back there . 
  the point is it 's a very gradual thing . 
  which is why it 's not a good test of when rights are attached to the child .
