this is the college that i went to and might have been at the time of the attack and it 's strange to think the place having something like that done to it like that . 
  `` i wonder if it 's crowded on the moral high ground ? '', 
  `` why are the camps located right next the german border ? '', 
  `` they just are . '', 
  well , let that serve as a warning then . 
  yeah but then again we did n't need the help of a teenage girl to help us win . 
  iirc correctly that was the plan . 
  commonwealth troops were to attack around caen pulling in german reinforcements and allowing the americans to break their flank and surround them which they did in the falaise pocket . 
   sites with an agenda . 
  so what , every newspaper site ? 
  that 's debatable . 
  do foreign leaders not know what they british public are like ? 
  you tell us to do one thing , we 'll turn around and do the other thing . 
  i 'm glad i was n't the only one then . 
  i 'm on mobile and went backed a page to click on the / r/europe link a few more times , thinking that the link was broken before it finally clicked . 
  so [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/v9tqi1v.gif?noredirect ) ? 
  bloody time travelling israeli ninjas . 
  places like benidorm tend to be a lot cheaper to get to than say nyc . 
  hence it has a wider market and thus tend to attract those going for a cheap , `` fun '' holiday . 
  where are you from ? 
  # 3 - # 4 a pint seems like a rip-off . 
  i guess the concern is more about the precedent that could be established by the constitutional court with such a decision . 
  imo , all parties should have the right to put their views forward , no matter how reprehensible . 
  makes it easier to refute their claims instead of trying to hush them up . 
  why , david ? 
  why ? 
  aww , poor him . 
  so it 's a bit like anders behring breivik who can be released in theory but in practicality , never will ? 
  i 'm actually nervous that if i were to `` tweet '' that , i might get a knock at the door . 
  maybe unfounded but that 's what it 's come to . 
  if you do do that , no-one will ever trust you ever again . 
  you 've just proven that you are willing to throw your allies under the bus . 
  trident is a second-strike weapon . 
  it is launched when we 've already been hit . 
  that 's why there 's always one on patrol , to show that even if you destroy us , we 've still got the weapons to destroy you . 
  because by not responding to a nuclear attack , you are legitimising the tactic of a nuclear first strike . 
  it may seem callous , but by retaliating and in essence destroying the opposing state , you have shown that that tactic does not work and will probably save a lot more lives in the long run . 
  culture is a thing you know . 
  language , works of literature etc etc. 
  that you think france is more powerful than the uk . 
  the uk has more soft power than france and the uk economy is growing while the french economy has frankly flat-lined , growing very slowly . 
  are you saying that the france is more powerful than the uk ? 
  cause that 's just idiotic . 
  nice self-deprecation there . 
  is it me or does romania get a bad reputation as full of gypsies and immigrants trying to go to weatern europe ? 
  listening to people on here and looking at photos , it does n't seem that bad of a place to go and visit . 
  now that 's something i 'd like to see a coroner explain in an inquest . 
  how none of those passengers did n't lose their temper i do n't know ? 
  you pull that kind of shit where i live , someone would probably deck you . 
  parliament is the legislature and the government is the executive . 
  different from each other . 
  here 's a question : do germans have a massively long name for everything possible ? 
  yeah in certain areas like london , there are plenty of places that do n't have immigrants . 
  where can i get this magnificent piece of art ? 
  that was everybody else 's reaction as well . 
  same here . 
  i wonder how many of the people who voted for malta were from the uk ? 
  there 's at least one . 
  i wonder if next time you could get the participant 's country of origin and find out where the biggest switches were ? 
  bulbasaur or go home . 
  [ my slightly biased attempt ] ( http://i.imgur.com/eyk1ztx.png ), 
  please no . 
  this hurts me . 
  i prefer the `` immortal '' theory . 
  of course britian will help administer some areas here and there . 
  huh , i picked ck2 up in a matter of hours but i could play eu4 for next decade and still not grasp it like some others . 
  i 'd also recommend arumba on youtube for trying to learn how to play ck2 . 
  salt in tea ? 
  how dare you . 
  i 'm ... ok with this . 
  dude ... 
  you 'd think people would learn ? 
  golden dawn , i would assume . 
   i 'm not sure i quite understand why labour is intent on pursuing brexit . 
  they 're getting a kicking in the polls as it is . 
  they do n't vote for brexit , considering that most of their constituencies voted leave , and you can say goodbye to the labour party and any chance of it getting into power for the next decade easy . 
  it will not recover from the hiding that it would receive . 
  rather rude thing to call theresa may . 
  bloody hell , what the hell did the italians do to get all of this ? 
  labour votes against brexit and it risks it 's northern heartlands no longer being heartlands anymore . 
  how would you take it off us ? 
  there 's no mechanism to do so . 
  also while we might lose a lot of landmass , our population would only decrease by a few million and it can be argued that england would be richer since it would n't have to subsidise the other regions . 
  http://www.bmgresearch.co.uk/tories-best-party-handle-brexit/ the actual poll for anyone interested since the independent ca n't be arsed to link it . 
  pretty much what the polls were saying up to the referendum and we all know how that turned out . 
  this might possibly be one of the stupidest thing someone has written on this sub . 
  funding separatist movements and then providing assistance to them . 
  brilliant idea , now way i can see that going wrong at all . 
  also getting rid of the uk from the unsc ? 
  hahaha . 
  one word ... 
  there 's no need for the uk to be more than a regional power and that india will balance it out ? 
  the uk , along with france and the us , are the only countries that have the logistical capability to project force far afield . 
  no wonder you deleted your account . 
  you 've got to be out of your fucking mind . 
  you 're assuming that labour mps wo n't vote for article 50 . 
  watching daily politcs this afternoon , both stephen kinnock and hilary benn said they would vote for it . 
  i would wager that there 's more where that came from . 
  they 'll vote as their constituents want lest they find themselves unemployed at the next general election . 
  dreadnought is a historical name that 's been used for hundreds of years .
