  somehow i do n't think the government is going give them one in the middle of the brexit referendum . 
  i pity the poor bastard that gets chosen . 
  i do n't think flags should give people epileptic fits . 
   they invented football , but are polite enough to let others win . 
  yup . 
  this is absolutely correct . 
  wonder what 's up with northumberland ? 
  love the place . 
  maybe a bit biased since it 's my hometown but still . 
  longest serving home secretary in over 100 years . 
  it 's normally a place where careers go to die . 
   one of the least legitimate governments in history oh , do please tell ? 
  * the republican pact * basically everyone will vote against a common enemy . 
  hence when le pen 's father came up against chirac , he got demolished . 
  russia ca n't support an invasion of europe . 
  logistics are a bitch like that . 
  you can have a massive amount of troops but if you ca n't supply them past your own borders , they 're not going to be doing diddly squat . 
  honestly europe would n't need a year to prepare , they could probably resist an invasion right now . 
  did n't expect to see the millennium bridge on here . 
  in a few of them the vote was rather close . 
  in newcastle for instance , there were just 1806 votes in it , with remain clocking up 65,404 votes ( 50.7 % ) to 63,498 votes ( 49.3 % ) for leave . 
  they do n't like corbyn anymore since brexit . 
  tim farron and the lib dems are their new favourites , which is just asking for disappointment . 
  did n't it take the romans a few years to build this bridge ? 
  the deputy speaker can though . 
  interestingly not the first time this week he 's had to tell off the snp . 
  so when the next election comes , i guess we 'll be seeing a reaction similar to the 2015 election then . 
  you 're right , it does look like someone painted it . 
  it does n't look like it could possibly be real . 
  this reads like a parody . 
  it is a parody right ? 
  well given the polls you 'd end up with a tory-ukip coalition with maybe the dup as well . 
  combined they got just over 50 % of the vote and it 's higher than that now . 
  pretty much as i understand it . 
  i believe the same thing happened when her father made it to the second round . 
  actually iirc 54 % of people agreed with the iraq war with 38 % against . 
  source : https://yougov.co.uk/news/2015/06/03/remembering-iraq/, 
  everyone always forgets the welsh . 
  well watching newsnight , the figure being bound about in 34-billion euro . 
  so still big , but nowhere near 60 billion . 
  you get a whole good look at the uk economy here : https : / / ig . 
  ( * put ft here ) *.com/sites/numbers/economies/uk got flagged as ft twice , though it 's not behind a paywall . 
  just delete the space and insert ft in where the brackets are . 
  to be fair , that 's not the worst idea ... 
  get posting lads . 
  the entire thing was to counter chinese influence . 
  the finalized proposal was signed in february 2016 concluding seven years of negotiations . 
  it needed to be ratified , only japan has done so far , but given that the usa has pulled out , i wonder if any of them will even bother . 
  there 's perhaps one tory who 'll vote against it and that 's ken clarke who 's a noted europhile . 
  also there 's more than one labour mp who 'll vote for article 50 . 
  labour have already said in a statement that they will not block the triggering of article 50 . 
  also the devolved assemblies need not have a say by unanimous decision . 
  the court found that it 's a political question outside of the purview of the court . 
  i wonder what his political leanings are . 
  ca n't tell at all . 
  i wonder what could have possibly give it away . 
   i 've never heard a good explanation for why they think tories4corbyn existed . 
  they do exist but i doubt they have the same idea of corbyn as his supporters do . 
  i never realised that the czechs were so small . 
  well that and the state of their military can be summed up as atrocious . 
  did n't believe our agent in america would do so well . 
  you 're not supposed to tell anyone about the plan . 
  well if it 's the three months to november , could be students perhaps ? 
  the name farage comes from when a distant huguenot ancestor of his . 
   no , they do n't - the situation is entirely different . 
   the spanish government believes that the spanish constitution prohibits the catalonian government from holding a referendum on secession . 
  the uk has no such restriction . 
  yes there is . 
  westminster holds the legal authority to hold a referendum . 
  you would have to temporarily transfers that authority to the scottish parliament , using an order under section 30 of the scotland act 1998 as was done for the 2014 referendum . 
  now you could hold your own referendum but westminster would almost certainly not recognise it . 
  you ca n't just buy submarines , drones and boats like it 's a strategy game . 
  you have to factor stuff like spare parts and replacements . 
  then you have the crew for them and then the support staff for each . 
  then there 's the logistics of actually moving that much material about the place which will require another network of vehicles and staff all of it 's own . 
  of course you need all the expertise to run such a large operation in the first place . 
  there 's a reason why china for instance , spend a lot on their military but do n't have a dozen supercarriers , because the knowledge needed to run them all is n't something that can built up overnight . 
  probably missing other things as well . 
  as you can tell , once you factor all that in , your costs will rise very quickly . 
  [ sierra leone in 2000 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_military_intervention_in_the_sierra_leone_civil_war ), 
  everyone always the forgets the welsh . 
  the sunday times political editor tim shipman , in his book about the referendum , all out war , seems to think that rogers had repeatedly threatened to resign :  we were too beholden to tom scholar [ cameron 's eu adviser at the time ] and ivan rogers , ' one cameron adviser said . 
  ` they were status quo . 
  they were happy to take `` no '' for an answer , happy to believe things were n't possible when they could be possible . 
  i 've lost count of the number of times ivan threatened to resign . ' the politicos say rogers was aggressive in dismissing their arguments , and went over their heads to cameron : ` he would send emails that were the stuff of legend , saying why did n't we know anything ? 
  we were just politicos , we did n't understand . ' another aide said rogers ' emails were ` notorious ' . 
  and he seems to suggest that while it 's a loss of knowledge , it seems his advice was poor : https://twitter.com/shippersunbound/status/816289608526864384, 
  was n't it new zealand who had the flag changing referendum ? 
   oh stop it , if you knew what bric was you knew the proper term was brics . 
  that 's an end of it . 
  i 've never once heard about south africa being included in the bric countries . 
  in fact it seems south africa was only added in 2010 . 
  the press and the royal family have an agreement not to pry into their private lives . 
  that 's why you did n't see any of the british press print those pictures of kate middleton topless . 
  in fact the death rate of the camp staff was pretty bad as well due to the outbreak of diseases and other inflictions . 
  the deaths in the camps can be placed on bad administration , bad logistics , and bad hygiene . 
  those camps were n't there to kill them . 
  do n't forget about the second anglo-mysore war as well . 
  i do n't know how you 'd describe gibraltar as in the middle of spain .
