  it was also the name of the uk 's first nuclear submarine . 
  i believe the first three are to have names with historic resonance . 
  so perhaps famous admirals , battles or ship classes perhaps . 
  given that the conservatives have a double-digit lead and the lib dems have hardly improved , that seems very unlikely . 
  o.o bloody hell . 
  pretty sure stuff like pigs flying , hell freezing over and england winning the world cup will happen before any of that . 
   also , it wants a word with the uk over gibraltar . 
  do you really think that wo n't come to play ? 
  spain can ` want a word ' all they want . 
  if the residents wish to remain british , there 's nothing it can do to stop that . 
   ordering all military and police units in scotland to either declare loyalty to new government or leave the territory . 
  the military swear allegiance to the monarchy not to the government so i ca n't see that ending well . 
  if you 're exchanging currency at the airport , you 're doing it wrong . 
  but the government will just three-line whip them against the bill , which would put an end to it rather promptly . 
  there 's no way such a bill gets through . 
   prompted a national outcry . 
  [ some national outcry that like . 
  ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/10/06/public-backs-plans-make-companies-say-how-many-for/ ), 
  can someone point me back to the portal to 2016 ? 
  i 've cleared stepped back in time by mistake . 
  none of you read the article did you ? 
   the ` flash crash ' of sterling may have been a ` fat finger ' error or automated selling in response to more warnings over brexit, 
  because they threw bacon . 
  anyone who commits such a despicable crime deserves to locked up . 
  i do n't think you understand the meaning of the word ` defend ' . 
  should elect people from the monster raving loony party just for the laughs . 
  he did n't actually . 
  that was the main leave campaign rather than his leave campaign . 
  there was a big debate over which one would be given the status as the official leave campaign . 
  not having one . 
  speak for yourself , i know exactly how stupid i am . 
  ... no wait . 
  have you seen the polls recently ? 
  the conservatives have a double-digit lead on labour while may 's favourability rating is at +31 while corbyn 's is at -40 . 
  [ source . 
  ] ( https://yougov.co.uk/news/2016/09/07/voting-intention-conservative-lead-11-points/ ), 
  to be fair we do n't like anyone , including most of the people in the north-east . 
  i 'd be very much impressed if someone could find the location from just this photo . 
  i bet a lawyer could make a half decent case that they were in fear for their and their children 's lives . 
  yeah but no-one apart from the americans measure it that way as far as i know . 
  man did we have an insane olympics . 
  i thought we might do well but never in my wildest dream did i expect that we 'd actually beat china into 2 ^ nd place . 
  i do n't get i. ... oh . 
  that 's the wonderful thing about the olympics . 
  i 've started watching sports that i had no interest in watching before like the shooting , judo and taekwondo . 
  ours was down to the difference between a vick 's inhaler in the uk and one in america . 
  you go by number of golds and if it 's tied , silver and then bronze . 
  british 1-2-3-4-5-6-7-8-9 ... 
  warning : quite nsfw [ image here since the video is no longer available . 
  so that 's where our weather has buggered off to . 
  [ high speed 3 between manchester and leeds ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/high_speed_3 ) , which to me from newcastle seems like a joke . 
  papal states from out of nowhere . 
  rip / u/deadeyeduncan . 
  it felt hotter than that today . 
  i do n't deal well with the heat and it 's supposed to be even hotter tomorrow for crying out loud . 
  [ british military intervention in the sierra leone civil war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_military_intervention_in_the_sierra_leone_civil_war ) british forces were deployed to sierra leone in may 2000 , initially for a non-combatant evacuation operation in which they were tasked with evacuating foreign nationals -- as part of the mission , british forces secured sierra leone 's main airport , lungi . 
  having secured freetown and lungi , and evacuated the foreign nationals who wished to leave . 
  after the effective completion of the evacuation , the mandate of the british forces began to expand . 
  they assisted with the evacuation of besieged peacekeepers and began to assist the united nations mission in sierra leone ( unamsil ) and the sierra leone army ( sla ) . 
  the rebels attacked a british position near lungi airport , but were forced to retreat after a series of firefights . 
  after deciding that the ruf would not disarm voluntarily , the british began training the sla for a confrontation . 
  also operation barras where the sas and 1 para took on a rebel group that had captured a patrol and destroyed them as a fighting force . 
  in fact it 's been said that without commitments in afghanistan and iraq , there might have been further military interventions in africa . 
  in fact it 's one of the reasons that the eu battlegroups were set up for . 
  well as a brit , sierra leone comes to mind . 
  i 'd love to be in the room when they ask them some questions : `` so whose your german ancestor ? '', 
  `` erm ... '', 
  we have european gold ? 
  also how many euros does the government have ? 
  [ thanks for the image . 
  ] ( https://youtube.com/watch?v=1paueatwfre ), 
  yes but your comment implies that we do n't have any mass shootings at all . 
  we just do n't have them at the same scale of that of the us . 
  kind of arguing semantics here . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cumbria_shootings to say we do n't have mass shootings is ridiculous . 
  immigration is a big factor in the referendum . 
  do you believe it to be good thing for the uk and europe or a bad thing for the uk and europe and why do you think that ? 
  i thought it was remainians . 
  link : http://www.channel4.com/programmes/jutland-wwis-greatest-sea-battle, 
  i mean i get why they 're following the prime minister and the foreign secretary and all the newspapers but the one that gets me the most are the fact they 're following katherine jenkins and james bond . 
  someone at gchq has a sense of humour apparently . 
  boy , did that got dark quickly . 
   the isk is growing stronger every month . 
  now i understand where eve online got it from . 
  the greatest sucker 's bet in history . 
  there 's crimes against humanity and then there 's this . 
  mate , they 'd get destroyed in england . 
  doubt they 'd even get their deposits back . 
  all they 'd succeed in doing is splitting the vote of the centre , centre-left parties ensuring more conservative seats . 
  ... what did i just watch ? 
  i do n't know if it 's just me but i think the rule of thumb is that everyone sits on their own row and only if there 's none available then you sit next to the stranger you 've never met before . 
  or you can stand if you 've got a good sense of balance . 
  you mean that 's not what i voted for ? 
  i 've been practicing my longbow skills and everything . 
  i 'd like to meet the brave bugger who has to sell schengen and the euro to the british electorate . 
  i seriously doubt they 'll close both factories . 
  in the case of a hard-brexit and tariffs between the eu and the uk , then it makes more sense to keep one or both factories open for the uk market and other markets depending on what trade deals that the u.k. manages to negotiate . 
  wait you had over 70 people playing ? 
  that seems ... chaotic . 
  card shops must make a killing in ireland .
