you know nothing . 
  this could potentially change in 2016 . 
  while i see a drop in federal spending perhaps likely , i think some cutbacks to the military budget may stall if the dems are ousted from the white house . 
  2014 midterm elections in the senate are projected by nate silver ( who has become quite a famous statistician here in the states ) to go republican . 
  in addition to military budget issues perhaps changing , republicans are more open to opening the keystone pipeline and fracking , which within a few years would take a big bargaining chip away from the russians who are using oil to keep the eu from getting too involved . 
  that or someone has marketable skills in high-demand areas . 
  join us !, 
  become # 51 !, 
  on behalf of all americans , i accept your gracious offer . 
  til people who have trouble pronouncing names in a foreign language are implied racists or xenophobes . 
  one of us !, 
  one of us !, 
  even my inner anglophile ca n't bring me to spell them that way . 
  to each his own . 
  god save the queen . 
  you can always add an extra ` u ' in words like color and flavor for some extra spice !, 
  official government positions were n't always representative of smaller locales and neighborhoods . 
  my great-grandfather used to tell stories about life before the rise of the nazi party that often included being welcomed into the homes of christian neighbors , and vice-versa . 
  propaganda stirs up trouble wherever it is . 
  this is the biggest reason i 've always been skeptical of national press when it 's not completely independent from government . 
  if you get a chance , look up rabbi adolf jellinek . 
  he 's an ancestor of mine and was a well-known advocate for dialogue between jews and christians as early as the 1850s . 
  he was quite a writer from what i gather from english translations of his work . 
  ancestral europeans are n't welcome ? 
  i could 've sworn plenty of europeans regularly comment on / r/murica . 
  joking aside , i just enjoy keeping up on what 's going on in europe . 
  i think , at least in my family 's case , it was the realization that pre-war relationships between jews and czech ( and german on my mom 's side ) christians were pretty amicable . 
  let 's not forget the thousands of german christians that were martyred protecting jews -- dietrich bonhoeffer most notably . 
  silent ( or silenced ) objectors are typically drowned out in favor of nutcases in the history books because their stories are deemed more ` sexy ' to tell . 
  ashkenazi jewry , as a general rule , was far more laissez-faire before the balfour declaration -- particularly among the observant . 
  this was the very reason most of orthodoxy rejected the un partitioning plan , and protested israel 's formation at the outset . 
  of course , we could discuss why that 's changed ( unfortunately , in my opinion ) from a strictly theological perspective , but perhaps that 's for another thread . . as for red vs. blue . . why ca n't we all just get along ? 
   you bring the german brews and i 'll bring the hummus . 
  i think we can settle a ceasefire . 
   ... breaking up germany into smaller , easier to control territories ) , combined perhaps with some of the more outlandish ( and of course never seriously considered ) plans to take revenge for the holocaust [ 2 ] . 
  jew here . 
  i 'd never heard this , but it makes my stomach turn thinking anyone actually proposed this . 
  so glad everyone learned their lessons from wwi and did n't actually pursue this . 
  the first article 's abstract says this : `` the curve * does not * ( emphasis added ) depend on the dynamics of growth , political institutions , or even externalities , and can be consistent with market failure or efficiency . 
  we conclude by presenting empirical support for increasing returns to abating some common air pollutants . '', 
  when i go back to the office tomorrow , i 'll use my access to jstor , proquest , etc , and get back to you . 
  here at home , i do n't have access . 
  that said , i 'd suggest a high degree of endogeneity between any environmental regulation and economic development -- though i 'm still not sure why we 're arguing this . 
  i 'm not sure why you 've attempted to paint me into a corner of assuming blanket anarcho-capitalism . 
  i 've not once attempted to argue such . 
  these are issues of private property , not taxation -- as the conversation started . 
   you mentioned the environmental kuznets curve earlier . 
  do you not think that ( assuming this curve reflects reality ) , to right-side of that curve may be due to improvements in environmental regulation ? 
  a rather spurious correlation , at best . 
  look to maslow 's hierarchy of needs . 
  there was a time in american history when the ohio river was so polluted that it went up into flames . 
  that was at the height of the industrial revolution , just as life expectancy of the general populace was rising substantially . 
   i tend to think that ( 4 . 
  let science decide ) would give us better outcomes in many cases . 
  - why would n't we use the market as the baseline mechanism for deciding value , augmented by evidence-based valuation where we know the market is weak ( for example , on environmental valuation ) . 
  here 's the problem : the two are n't mutually exclusive . 
  for instance , governments worldwide fretting over the impending oil shortages are throwing trillions into developing renewable fuels -- simply ignoring that such behavior is governed quite soundly by marginality . 
  case in point : thomas malthus ' failed predictions of worldwide starvation due to overpopulation fundamentally misunderstood the mechanism by which technology and capital produces economies of scale . 
  i have absolutely no problem with private property owners settling disputes over negative externalities in courts . 
  if anything , i 'd prefer such settlements take place out of courts ( see : coase ) . 
  but courts which mediated such disputes pre-existed the modern state as we know it . 
  that 's where we get common law . 
  do n't confuse insurance-based healthcare with direct-payment ( or ` fee-for-service ' ) healthcare . 
  i 'm equally baffled when americans and europeans alike seem to believe the us has market-based healthcare . 
  this is where the debates get rather convoluted because systems get equivocated . 
  the us system is suffering from a rather poor incentive structure ( largely due to the way employer-provided insurance was originally implemented ) . 
  remember , this is n't a false dichotomy between simply public or private . 
  the us federal government nearly 3x greater proportion of gdp into healthcare ( through medicare and medicaid , etc ) spending than the brits . 
  so the comparative debate suggesting american healthcare is disproportionately expensive because of markets simply does n't hold water . 
  and , i do n't mean to be nitpicky , but healthcare is not a ` public good ' in the economic sense ( non-rivalrous and non-excludable ) . 
  that 's the biggest reason why insurance based systems always perpetuate demand-derived-demand . 
  small co-pays and high premiums only ensure overuse and a strain on resources that would normally be governed by supply and demand . 
  put simply , market incentives are misaligned . 
  here 's a quick primer : http://www.realclearpolicy.com/blog/2012/09/19/health_care_economist_john_goodman_on_health_care_markets_290.html, 
  even with avoidance , taxation is still heavily progressive . 
  cases like warren buffet 's ( here in the us ) are anecdotal at best . 
  compliance would be far higher if base rates were lower . 
  there are hundreds of studies confirming just this . 
  perhaps a more important question than how to produce more revenue ( laffer curve aside ) is whether the return on investment is really worth it . 
  government largess certainly has n't worked well in italy and greece . . 
  environmental kuznets curves are well-established , so i 'll leave it to you to do a little bit of research . 
  besides , creating a market for emissions is not what we 're discussing here . 
  it 's merely punitive , populist taxation . 
  it 's using a battleaxe to clean out teeth rather than floss . 
   you 'll get a wealth of objective , scientific information on how to maximise overall value . 
  and how to do it much better than we are right now . 
  there 's an absolute treasure trove of knowledge out there that is well established , built on solid evidence , and would lead to a considerably better world than the one we live in . 
  if this were true , en masse emigration and capital flight would n't be occurring throughout the most progressively taxed states in europe . 
  and you keep using the phrase ` distortion ' . 
  operationally define it as you 're using it . 
  that might help smooth any potential communication barriers . 
  again , i take you at your word that you 're discussing honestly , so i 'd like you to do my case justice and address the disproportionate opportunity costs weighed by such punitive taxation . 
  at 75 % marginal tax bracket has vastly diminishing returns due to capital flight , localized investment opportunity costs , etc. 
  in addition , i 've never once stated simply dismantling the state as a distributor of non-rivalrous and non-excludable goods . 
  i simply object to the notion that capital flight is evil and it purged . 
  there are vast economic ( do n't confuse this with financial , as they 're not always mutually inclusive ) consequences for shaping incentives as such . 
   the only smart thing to do , in my view , is to refrain from ideology and prejudice against government and taxation and find solutions that align best with what our best science tells us . 
  if we can find a way that a market can do it , great !, 
  if a market is the wrong tool , then let it be done publicly . 
  i feel as if you 're being a bit disingenuous here .
