fuck you and your selfish mentality . 
  you are one of the first polish people on this site that i 've seen support germany and it 's moves toward helping these refugees . 
  good on you !, 
  the eu is a fantastic thing if people would start accepting it better . 
  the good things are glossed over and the bad thrown out of proportion . 
  the open borders and joint policies have made both travel and trade so much easier and better than it ever was . 
  if the eu idea dies because people are n't willing to put in the work to make it better , then i foresee all of europe becoming irrelevant in the future . 
  yes there are flaws . 
  there are flaws and gripes in the us states system as well . 
  but by and large the eu is a fantastic thing . 
   there is no way that a syrian high school degree , or a bachelor is near the equivalent of european education level as an educator in poland teaching international students , i ca n't imagine it being any worse ... 
  living here , it 's gon na be a very very long road before poles start accepting more liberal ideas . 
  i immigrated to poland , so yes ? 
  hey i did n't make the first generalization . 
  prison should be for people you ca n't keep in society until they are rehabilitated . 
  these people just have n't filled in paperwork and time to keep their new home . 
  so we are gon na remove the cheap sources of labor of care facilities forcing families to pay more . 
  yay ? 
  how do i join this `` cheese mafia '' ? 
  you can still have difference and culture when unionized under a single power . 
  think how america works , each of our states is very different , enough so that we recognize it when discussing the states themselves . 
  imagine new york then imagine texas and you 'll paint yourself a completely different picture . 
  different , but united . 
  it 's completely doable . 
  as someone that once taught english as a foreign language , i agree completely with some of these changes . 
  fuck `` c '' and `` x '' . 
  there is no reason for them . 
  sure the words will look strange in the beginning , but you 'll adapt . 
  i 'll throw some east asia in here : japan is fantastic but super expensive . 
  korea has great food but not that many touristy things . 
  china sucks , but i may be biased . 
  fuck china . 
  thailand is an experience and a very neat place to explore . 
  it almost always is . 
  i expected an image of putin with his gun to your head . 
  these are some rather pathetic reasons . 
  10 euros will not get you 3 dinners for 4 people unless two of them are infants and you 're replacing your meats with tree bark . 
  i could stretch 10 euro ( 40zl ) into two meals for my wife and i , but i would n't enjoy it . 
  we subbed from poland last night . 
  watched some jessica jones and went to bed way too late watching episodes . 
  can you name a few for usa ? 
  pretty sure i 've convinced the wife to keep a subscription but more options would n't hurt . 
  just signed up here in poland . 
  been waiting so long for it to show up . 
  started watching jessica jones tonight , very good show . 
  have you never had a history lesson ? 
  public transportation does n't really exist outside major cities . 
  i grew up in the suburbs and there just were n't buses there at all . 
  i was in foshan, 
  where i was in china , the sky was almost always a gray or yellow color . 
  so even the qualifier of `` among the worst '' seems skewed . 
  having lived in china for a year and a half , now living in poland and visited krakow ... 
  i struggle to believe the `` worst in the world '' comment . 
  5 days a week ? 
  my god man , what ? 
  yeah the ratio of homeless to empty houses in america is laughable . 
  pretty sure that is most peoples mentality . 
  probably not gambling and weed , but i know i 've gone a bit overboard on vices certain months . 
  i 'm pretty sure i need to just unsubscribe from this sub . 
  it 's nothing but anti-refugee circlejerk . 
  i hope this happens to the eu one day and all these people have to beg america and the middle east for refuge . 
  on that day i will politely tell you all to fuck off . 
  wow . 
  i mean ... wow . 
  i guess i get it now . 
  i do n't completely agree , but i get it . 
  i always thought i had america to fall back on if my wife and i ever needed to leave poland . 
  now ? 
  no idea . 
  sure are a lot off posts about poland on this sub recently . 
  is this what happens when you invest ? 
  that 's not a fix , its a bandaid . 
  and the law that did n't pass wanted to make it illegal as well . 
  nothing * has * happened . 
  yet . 
  yet kaczynski recently said he wanted to make sure even those that are stillborn are carried to term so that they can be baptized and given a name . 
  i teach at an international school . 
  our enrollment is steadily increasing every year as more and more foreigners move to lodz for various jobs and bring their kids with them . 
  despite what the locals think , the city is growing and getting more enticing each year . 
  hell if that fucking law passes my polish wife and i will not be having the second child we want because it is too much of a risk . 
  its great here . 
  i 'm in lodz and loving it . 
  should we really be so proud of unemployment if the jobs people have are so low paying and awful ? 
  i live in poland . 
  which will get you prison time in poland of someone reports it . 
  and considering the number of old women watching out their windows here , i think it will eventually happen . 
  equality is n't possible . 
  people need exceptions to the rules . 
  are you going to deny a passport to stephen hawking because he ca n't hold his head straight and needs his wheelchair in the picture ? 
  exceptions exist so that all people can participate equally , and that includes allowing muslim women the ability to go through customs without exposing themselves . 
  i 'll sign the petition if you write it up . 
  i was unaware that ninja was a religion . 
   there should be no special considerations you 're right . 
  handicapped people should also remove their oxygen tanks and people with glass eyes should take them out . 
  no exceptions ever !, 
  exceptions are there so that everyone has an equal opportunity . 
  you might say that the hijab is n't necessary like the other examples , but to those that wear it it is . 
  except that the law allows for exceptions based on religious belief and disability . 
   no one is making that decision for them . 
  but do n't you see that you are forcing them to make that choice instead of just accepting the fact that they have a different belief system than you ?
