  you are willing to deny a person the ability to go out and see the world , learn things , see the beauty that is other countries , all because you have to take off your fucking hat to get a photo taken . 
  i said this before but equal and fair are not the same thing . 
  here 's a good representation : https://marquetteeducator.files.wordpress.com/2012/07/5232012052424iwsmt.jpeg in the comic , the word `` fair '' is not used correctly . 
  the better word is `` equal '' . 
  all the animals take the same test , this is equal . 
  `` fair '' would be that each animal is provided a test that correctly fits their needs or handicaps . 
  this is why the passport laws have clauses that allow for exceptions based on religion and disability . 
  let me put it as a soundbite : a passport photo is designed to help identify you . 
  to these women , the hijab is part of their identity in a way that your baseball cap never will be . 
  i 'd open the floor to that argument . 
  then again , i just had to get a passport photo done for a one month old baby and it would have been so much easier if they 'd have just let me hold her head still :d, 
  actually , i hate all religions equally . 
  i find religion to be one of the worst and most archaic relics that we still cling to in the modern age . 
  i just do n't think that a woman wearing the hijab for her passport photo is in any way hurting anyone and find no reason to force her to remove it . 
  i may hate all religion , but i also know how to show people respect . 
  a woman 's hijab has zero effect on my life , so if she wants to keep it on during her photo and it does n't hinder our ability to check her identity then i respect her right to keep it on . 
  consequently if you want to get your photo taken while in the nude , so long as i do n't have to be the photographer myself and you meet all the guidelines ... then more power to you . 
  it does n't effect me , so i do n't care . 
  i think you 're overusing the word `` discriminatory '' . 
  you 're being asked to not wear a hat indoors while your identity is being checked . 
  how is that being discriminatory ? 
  you do n't have a cultural or religious reason that prevents you from being seen without that hat . 
  if you did , then i agree that you should be allowed to keep it on . 
  since you do n't , your argument is pretty fallacious . 
  i 'm sure if christianity required men or women to wear a specific style of headgear at all times while out in public then the law would allow for that as well . 
  you 're saying it 's religious discrimination but it says directly in the rules that exceptions are made based on religion and disability . 
  i answered this question here : https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/54mxps/swiss_politician_says_hijab_should_be_banned_from/d83wbca, 
  i think , in those cases , it 's simply a question of `` it 's always been this way '' and a mixture of `` you wo n't always have that on '' . 
  i have a few students that wear hijabs . 
  they always wear the hijab , i 've never and will never see them without the hijab . 
  if you can say that about your naruto headband then by all means bring this up with passport control and try to get the rules changed . 
  have you ever tried to get rules changed through bureaucracy ? 
  if you can get millions of people saying that their religion requires them to have on a naruto headband while out in public , then by all means you go out and fight the good fight . 
  i 'll even sign your petition if you want . 
  but we should really stop attacking these women because they want fair treatment with respect to their culture . 
  it in no way hinders our ability to identify them if they wear the hijab in their passport photo and denying them the passport on these grounds prevents them from traveling and enjoying the world beyond their country . 
  it just seems like a sad waste of our time making this an issue . 
  except that you ca n't give a valid reason to remove the hijab other than the fact that you just do n't like it . 
  equal and fair are not the same thing , and equality is not realistic . 
  it makes perfect sense and i do n't understand the arguments people make . 
  i see enough of the face to identify the person in the hijab , she will never be seen without the hijab , so why force her to remove it ? 
  i can understand the request that she must wear a pure black one in the photo though . 
  my passport shows me with hair and i have been shaved bald for years now . 
  your hair is in no way an identifier . 
  but why does it matter ? 
  you can see the face , that 's really the most important part . 
  hair styles change all the time , showing your hair on your id does absolutely nothing to identify you . 
  it 's not special treatment , it 's fair treatment . 
  they do n't make men shave their beards before getting the photo . 
  i 'm sure if your culture required headgear specific attire then your country would fight for the right to allow you to wear it . 
  you literally gain nothing by forcing them to remove their hijab , you 're just being a prick . 
  my passport is just old enough to show me with hair and i 've been bald for a while now . 
  as long as my eyes , nose and lips are the same , the passport photo gives the required information . 
  cheers , mate, 
  living in poland now , so ... kurwa !, 
  too much work on my end . 
  you 're welcome to have it but only if it takes extremely minimal effort on my part , like pressing an i agree button . 
  how can i do that ? 
  sure but ... how ? 
  also i deleted a lot of older photos but i can send you some fresh dick pics if you 'd like, 
  the whole point of these apps is communication though . 
  if tomorrow my sister told me she was deleting whatsapp then i probably would n't talk to her again until i go back home . 
  i am not installing 8 apps because of individual preference . 
  i already use messenger and whatsapp and most everyone else i talk to does as well , so i see no reason to switch . 
  honestly why do people give such a damn about encryption . 
  if zuckerberg came up to me in person and demanded access to all my past conversations then i 'd let him have them because i frankly could n't give a fuck if he learns about my wife and i 's dinner plans for saturday . 
  wechat basically gives all your info and chat stuff to the chinese government . 
  considering the whole england , uk , great britain confusion , i 'd say it 's not a terribly stupid question . 
  then again , i teach high school . 
  i can never tell if people in this sub are joking . 
  u.s.e !, 
  u.s.e !, 
  how is that possible for one of the most well know comedians of the a generation ? 
  what is better than milka ? 
  and do n't tell me wendel because you 're wrong . 
  honestly , i just bought a crap ton of those for my students because they are so damn cheap . 
  polish chocolate is amazing , do n't use that shit . 
  i 'd have put up a milka bar or some bird milk, 
  i keep thinking `` oh , 0.1 percent , i bet most of the muslims in this city go to/use my school '' . 
  then i looked up the population of lodz and felt really small . 
  it 's amazing how easy it is to hide people away in boxes stacked on top of each other . 
  i never realized how many people lived here !, 
  why do you hate your life so much that you can not see how many great things you have here ? 
  zero regrets . 
  loving my life here . 
  i live/work in poland, 
  yay !, 
  my polish income might start to be worth something outside of poland !, 
  oh gods do n't tell me these things :(, 
  you have a president ? 
  the hell is merkel then ? 
  decided by about 34 % of your population too . 
   forces people to buy a new car man , you do n't know the pain of this until you live in america . 
  you must have a car in america . 
  after moving out i loved that i could get anywhere i wanted just using public transport . 
  it was like being free for the first time . 
   the people who had the right to vote , but simply did not vote ? 
  everything i 've read tells me that circumstances at the time affected the vote a great deal . 
  from the [ massive amounts of rain ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2016/06/22/brexit-heavy-rain-with-a-chance-of-leaving-the-e-u/?utm_term=.296a381e5215 ) to the polls showing a huge lead for remain . 
  when you 've been told for weeks that remain is winning then you look out your window at the massive downpour , i understand why you 'd just stay home .
