  because what 's 1 vote ? 
   besides , you ca n't just ignore the majority of people who did vote to leave the eu i very well can when it only amounts to 37.47 % of the population . 
  i can ignore your vote if you 're older than 80 and are unlikely to live long enough to face the consequences of your vote . 
  i can ignore it when half of the countries involved voted to stay but will be dragged along with the rest . 
  we are n't talking about one dipshit orange monkey taking control for four years , we are talking about a sweeping and massive change to the country and it 's position the world stage . 
  to allow 37.47 % of the population ( uninformed , manipulated and reactionary people that they are ( on both sides ) ) to make that decision is just silly . 
  if democracy means that less than 50 % of the country gets to make a decision this huge for the whole country , then there is something very wrong with democracy . 
  still waiting to see a use in my lifetime . 
  would love for europe to be a bigger player on the world stage . 
  i 'm sorry but can someone eli5 this whole situation ? 
  i 'm out of the loop . 
  those last two links do n't mention the expiration period getting shorter . 
  the changes mean that you have less time between filing for an updated one when an old one was expiring . 
  apparently it used to be $ 450 but they upped the price because there started being a huge spike in people revoking their citizenship after the new tax laws that forced us to file . 
  billions ? 
  probably . 
  working there as an everyday citizen , probably nothing owed . 
  i would need a valid passport from another country . 
  i would n't mind getting polish citizenship but i would need b2 level of proficiency in polish ( which will take years learning it with my daughter as i have no time to take classes ) . 
  then you have to set up a long process of paperwork and pay a fee of over 2000 usd . 
  so , not happening any time soon unfortunately . 
  yeah , but it all went out the window when we wanted to visit family for christmas . 
  just hope it does n't come back to bite us later . 
  we currently have to file but if you make less than a certain number you owe nothing . 
  this is why we wanted to hold off on citizenship . 
  she has a polish passport . 
  we were gon na stamp a visa on it for the short trip at christmas . 
  actually we had until she was 18 to do the citizenship . 
  but because i have to file taxes while living abroad ( owing nothing ) and there is speculation the owing nothing thing might change in the future , we wanted to wait . 
  wow . 
  i did n't hear about this . 
  source ? 
  my wife 's expires soon and this is fucking stupid . 
  i 'm okay with this . 
  i live in poland with my polish wife and baby . 
  in order for my wife to go to america she needs a visa . 
  i needed no such visa when i came to poland . 
  the amount of paperwork we have to do to keep the visa was just stupid . 
  we basically have to prove our relationship exists . 
  the baby was a whole other stupid story . 
  so we wanted to take her to visit my family in america . 
  we called the embassy and asked what methods we could do . 
  we were told over the phone that we could get her a visa and it would be cheaper and quicker . 
  i was still on the fence about getting her citizenship so we tried for the visa . 
  two weeks later we get a letter asking us to make an appointment to come in . 
  so another two weeks later we go and they tell us that they ca n't give her a visa because she is a citizen . 
  oh but do n't worry , you can go upstairs and apply for citizenship and a passport all in one go . 
  so all the money spent on the visa , gone . 
  we had to pay even more money to do the citizenship and passport papers , even though i still was n't sure if i wanted to give her the citizenship . 
  all this could have been prevented if the us would just let polish citizens in without a visa . 
  if america wants to block off a country from entering without a visa i see no reason that country should n't do the same . 
  sure its petty , but that is the only thing that seems to work these days . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confirmation_bias i taught plenty of stupid asians . 
  but even the dumbest of person can learn through rote memorization . 
  the discipline is the problem though . 
  you got ta understand , the moment these kids turn 3 they are basically prisoners to the system . 
  go to school , do work , go home , maybe eat ( seriously , maybe ) , go to hagwon ( private school ) , maybe go to another hagwon ( some of my students had three a day !, 
  ) , go home , school homework , sleep ( less than 8 hours ) . 
  this is their daily rhythm , forced onto them by their parents because their special snowflake must get into one of the sky schools ( highest reputation universities ) . 
  if you do n't get into one of these schools then you might as well be an outcast inside your family . 
  hope you prove yourself later !, 
  finished with university ? 
  time to get married , have a kid , and get a job that works you so late that you barely ever see the family anyway . 
  if you do n't do this then you might as well kill yourself because you are a blight on the family . 
  i am not over exaggerating here . 
  there is a reason that the `` traditional asian parent '' is a meme . 
  the problem in the west is n't lack of discipline . 
  the reason we do poorly is due to socioeconomic imbalance , anti-intellectual attitudes , and overly stressed educators . 
  we also do n't use rote memorization in the same amount they do , which allows our students to actually be able to think about the topic beyond what the test or question requires them to do . 
  the problem with the world is that we put so much emphasis on testing . 
  testing is a fantastic way to record data on students in a standardized way , but it is an awful way to actually assess students . 
  looking at these numbers up top , there are any number of reasons for the differences , none of which are simply `` this nation is better at math/has a better school system . '', 
  i taught in south korea , here is what i learned . 
   are singapore , hong kong , shanghai and south korean kids really the best pupils out there ? 
  they are definitely some of the most disciplined i 've had , but they 're still just kids and not all care as much as the rest . 
  it 's mostly pressure from parents and extra cram schools that increase their numbers . 
  outside of parental control they turn into oversized children because they are n't taught how to take care of themselves . 
  but as pupils they were certainly easy to teach . 
   are they creative too ? 
  god no . 
  after teaching korean and chinese students i must attest , they are some of the least creative people out there ( as a group ) . 
  east asian culture is all about listening to your elder and doing as they say , not about thinking freely and expressing yourself . 
  generally , expressing yourself and standing out in an unprofessional way is highly frowned on . 
  their education system is based on rote memorization . 
  it completely stifles creativity . 
  they have no idea how to answer engaging questions outside of what they 've memorized . 
  but it sure as hell let 's them do well on tests . 
   are they also happy with school and grow up to be well ballanced individuals ? 
  absolutely not . 
  i would n't wish their education system on anyone . 
  they are highly depressed and stressed out throughout their whole life . 
  they never experience the pure bliss of youth and it severely affects them later in life . 
   the tests do not reply to such questions , but from what i read , the competitivity , high stress and expectations lead to increased levels of unhappiness , depression and high suicide rates . 
  completely true . 
  it 's almost a meme to sk students that some get so stressed they kill themselves . 
  it was common enough that my students would joke about it when a student did n't show up for lessons because they were absent with a cold . 
  so i looked through a couple of the questions and holy shit the amount of bullcrap test writing going on there . 
  let 's take , for example , page 36 question 1 . 
  i added up his two highest albums and did n't get 350 so the answer should be no . 
  but then i see the answer is yes so i check again .
