  you 're using your personal beliefs to force them to stop doing something that in no way affects you . 
  you 're being no different than the people that fight against gay marriage or legalized marijuana . 
  these are women that want to travel the world , to do and see things outside their country , to add their voice and experiences to the global dynamic , and the only thing they 're requesting is that they do n't have to show their hair in their passport photo . 
  their hair , that 's all they ask , that they can cover up one of the least identifiable things about a person . 
  to deny them this tiny , insignificant exception is just silly , and kinda bigoted . 
  rules should be designed to be fair , this is why we have exceptions and subclauses . 
  special treatment should not be demonized , it should be accepted as a fact of life and something everyone needs sometimes . 
   well , if they 're that passionate about naruto headbands , i suggest they go to a country where they can wear it everywhere . 
  even on passports . 
  what a glorious place that would be . 
  but if you 've read that whole thread , i fully support you trying to change the law to allow for your very special hat . 
  and again you are another person in this thread that is confusing the fact that fair does not mean equal . 
   you 're right , it 's not up to the state to decide what 's important to these people . 
  it is however up to the state to decide what facial features are important when determining someone 's identity and physical likeness . 
  yes , and the state in question ( as well as poland , no idea on america ) have ruled that while wearing the hijab there is enough information provided to create a picture that allows you to be identified . 
  we are n't discussing adding an exception , we are discussing the idea of removing it . 
   they 're not being prevented to travel . 
  the hat is n't glued on , it just needs to be removed to take the picture and while talking to the border officials . 
  and they wo n't do that . 
  they wo n't remove the headgear in front of strangers . 
  to them , it 's just like how i do n't want to strip naked before walking through baggage check . 
  so since they wo n't do that ( and again , i agree , for a silly reason ) , you are preventing them from traveling by not giving the hijab an exception even though you can still provide enough information while wearing it to create a positive id . 
  by asking these people to remove the headgear we are essentially asking them to strip in front of all these people . 
  yes , you and i do n't have that opinion on headgear , but they do . 
  just allow for the hijab but with ears needing to be seen . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's only the hair that needs covered . 
  i 'm not really sure on this though , so i 'll have to ask my student . 
  edit : yep , mostly ears are just covered because it 's hard not to do so , but nothing says they ca n't . 
  hair is the most important . 
  sorry , i had to assume it because i just ca n't understand how anyone could not see that my question was hypothetical unless english was n't their first language . 
  also , i 'm just a dumb american living in poland , i have no idea what the official languages of denmark even are . 
  is danish a language or just a tasty pastry ? 
  as to the second point , you do n't see a reason to have the law changed because you are not a ninja , just like most people in this thread do n't see a reason for the hijab because they are n't muslim . 
  if you were as passionate about the way of the ninja as the naruto headband people then you might see the reason to petition for the change in the law . 
  i have almost always been an atheist though . 
  and i also assume you are not a muslim . 
  you and i will never understand what the hijab means to these people . 
  so of course both of us think this is a silly exception to make . 
  but it is not up to us to decide what is important to these people . 
  while it may be silly for us , to them it is a very important aspect of their belief system . 
  yes i find it silly , but they do n't . 
  it does n't prevent their identification and they wo n't get the photo without the exception . 
  so while i may find the custom itself silly , i find it more silly to prevent their ability to travel over something as insignificant as the ability to see their hair . 
  so i agree with the exception , just as i agree with the strainer ( even if that one does n't feel nearly as sincere ) . 
  it 's an exception specifically for that type of headgear . 
  if you want to change the law to allow for a headband as well then you are more than welcome to file the paperwork stating the need for you to wear a headband . 
  while you 're at it , if you could complete all the paperwork in duplicate so that i can also apply for an allowance on cowboy hats . 
  if you 're asking if i agree that wearing a spaghetti strainer on your head is stupid , then i agree . 
  i ca n't imagine that 's comfortable . 
  if you 're comparing the idea of the spaghetti strainer to the hijab then i can see the argument but not fully accept all the nuances . 
  if you 're trying to get me to admit that wearing hijabs in general is stupid , i already admitted that i really do n't like religion and find the hijab a little sexist . 
  if you 're asking what i think about being allowed to wear the spaghetti strainer in an official document ... well okay , if you really felt that was necessary . 
  i do n't really see how that 's part of your identity , or why you 'd want it to be , but good luck with that . 
  hopefully you wo n't have any problems getting into the countries you 're traveling to . 
  i 'm going to assume that english is n't your first language , because m train of thought was fairly easy to understand , so i 'll explain it further . 
  when i said `` why ca n't we allow for the naruto headband ? '', 
  i meant it in a way as `` i do n't think we should prevent the headband if it followed these three criteria '' . 
  i mean i obviously know why you ca n't wear your naruto headband in the photo , i was more creating a hypothetical question of `` what could we do to claim the naruto headband is allowed ? '', 
  i do n't think it 's stupid , i think it 's fully acceptable to have exceptions to the rules in order to allow all people to have equal opportunities . 
  if your naurto headband was to you as the hijab was to these women then i would support changing the law to allow you to wear it in your photo . 
  but in order to meet that criteria i would argue that you 'd need to meet those three criteria i presented , and a naruto headband , trucker hat , sombrero , etc. 
  will probably easily meet bullet point 3 but will have a hard time arguing points 1 and 2 . 
  that mostly comes down to style . 
  the `` swimming cap '' is n't exactly fashionable but it meets on the requirements under the customs of the religion and allows for more facial recognition . 
  why ca n't we allow for the naruto headband ? 
  if you 're : * always wearing it in public * consider it part of your identity and it * does n't obstruct my ability to identify you from your photo then i fully support your right to wear it for your passport photo and will try and help you in whatever limited fashion i can . 
  the problem is that i highly doubt anyone outside of the hijab wearing women can truthfully make the same argument about a piece of headgear . 
  but if there is someone like that , i will support their claim . 
  to live in a fair society means that everyone is provided with equal opportunities . 
  this can not be done without allow for exceptions . 
  the hijab does not prevent a person from being identified by their photo . 
  because of this there is no reason to prevent them being used and not allowing this exception is simply unfair . 
   wearing head wear could mean the world to you , it could be the very foundation of your identity and you would not be allowed to , yet a religious person would . 
  you seem to assume i think this is right . 
  if you wear a bike helmet at all times outside in the world , then i fully respect your need to wear it in the photo . 
  but you would need to prove it to the people in charge of passport photos to allow that to be used . 
  if you want to make that petition i will sign it . 
  i 'm all for the ability to include others and make exceptions . 
  so long as you are still completely identifiable by your photo then let 's start up the petition !, 
  i doubt it works , but i 'm willing to try . 
  at the end of the day , though , i want to treat people fairly . 
  fair does not mean equal , it means that every person has the same opportunities . 
  i 'd hate to deny a whole swath of people the ability to see the world over something as silly as not being able to see their hair . 
  please . 
  regal me with how i 'm wrong . 
  if christianity required all of it 's members to wear a bandana with a cross on it at all times when out in public , i guarantee that the rules for passport photos would reflect this allowance . 
  what 's the fallacy where you ca n't see the argument through the metaphor ? 
  the entire point of the statement was that you 're misusing the term `` fair '' and that the actual definition of the word `` fair '' would be to let them wear the hijab . 
  the elephant 's identity is not based on his ability to climb a tree . 
  the woman 's identity is very based on her ability to cover certain features of her head . 
  i agree with you that it 's a stupid practice . 
  i do n't understand it either . 
  but it is entirely unfair of us to make her remove it when it is such a part of her identity . 
  to her ( and i emphasis this because we both agree that the practice is a bit backwards , probably sexist , and silly ) , to her being asked to remove the hijab is like asking a man with a prosthetic nose to remove it before getting his photo taken . 
  that nose is part of his identity , it 's part of his face and an identifier of who he is . 
  he may take it off at home when not around other people , but he 'd never go outside without it . 
  to this woman ( and again i must state that you and i agree this is a silly practice ) , that hijab may as well be sewn into her skin because she is never seen outside without it . 
  to ask her to remove the hijab is to ask her to remove her identity . 
  you wearing your trucker hat is not part of your identity , it is not who you are . 
  and if your only argument is that `` well i do n't get to wear my hat , that 's not fair '' then you need to grow the fuck up and realize that fairness is designed to allow everyone to have equal opportunity and not designed for everyone to be playing on the same field .
