  i 'm willing to give up every mode instead of conq for spanish people to get their own fucking server . 
  on the first chests ever i got ullr survivor ( which came in that patch from what i remember ) and a free chest roll which gave me scarlet coven, 
  y' all act like hi-rez was just like : `` yeah let 's just stop the servers a bit , that 'll be funny '' . 
  no one wanted this to happen , the issue will be fixed and i 'm sure hi-rez will somehow make everybody happy . 
  patience . 
  i saw this post when it was added `` 1 minute ago '' but because i 'm a hearthless fuck i did n't click on a sentimental holiday post . 
  clicked now and saw the giveaway . 
  yeah ... 
  merry christmas  i see little inferno is still not struck . 
  maybe i can get it ? 
  it 's not actually the same guy . 
  the guy that went against the mountain was devon larratt , while the guy in the gif is the romanian [ ion oncescu ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ion_oncescu ) who is in the world 's hall of fame as one of the 50 greatest armwrestlers in history . 
  i feel like that should be stats space . 
  thor . 
  dat hot double-tap tho, 
  isis spirit ball because it just feels soo good to hit them long range nukes at lvl 20 full build xd, 
  well time to quit smite . 
  `` oooohhh you didnt move like a jaguar '' when you die xd, 
  you never should have crawled out of the abortion bucket, 
  paladins, 
  paladins is made by hi-rez who also made smite . 
  idk anything about any backstory but it 's really similar to overwatch and it 's really fun to play . 
  see the thing is they gave the 663 gems and waited until the next patch to put the troll icon in . 
  most people spent their 600 gems until then and if they did n't have more , they could n't get the icon . 
  where 's that from ? 
  he just knew that loki 'll ult when he 'll hear the ult , so he judged where he 'll land . 
  and he god damned got it . 
  yeah like just copy the default voice pack , and add this line in . 
  they do n't even have to use the freaking voice actor , just put the recording of dm saying it at swc . 
  hirezplz, 
  fuuuck i had 500 and i fucking spent 200 on a chest cause i was sure it will be 300 nouuu, 
  i 've got 6 , working on my 7th, 
  edit : have 7 , working on my 8th . 
  `` this year 's season ticket will have a lot more skins and awesome stuff '' - hi-rez ... yeah right . 
  let 's make it more expensive then give out half of what we have last year . 
  last year 's season ticket was a great way for people to get awesome new skins and announcer packs by playing . 
  this year 's is a great way for hi-rez to get a shit ton of money by giving players a skin and a shit ton of useless shit like icons and emotes . 
  the bodybuilder i think is daniel racoveanu and the armwrestler is ion oncescu, 
  i got bellona to diamond only cause i love her diamond skin, 
  yeah that 's pretty much not an option . 
  starting fresh with no godpack/skins/vps and limited stuff acumulated over the years just wo n't work . 
  do it . 
  take a break . 
  i should 've done that too , but instead i kept playing and the frustration got to me and i started flaming and dc-ing myself and i got my account banned forever . 
  so yes , breaks are surely a good thing for you . 
  you 'll come back , but until then you 'll relax and get everything toxic out of you . 
  not worth gettin it for yourself , better you get it for me . 
  nah , just kidding , everything about the godpack is great . 
  especially now that it 's 50 % off . 
  get it . 
  i 'll be back ehh , or will i ? 
  i love how even in a troll patch khepri gets nerfed, 
  i got it on the first day so stop whining and play, 
  why no love for the half breed one ? 
  looks amazing, 
  thanks , 
  yeah they 're pretty eager to be a top team ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i came up with this crazy theory where jon is a targaryen and turns into a white walker and conquers westeros with an undead dragon . 
  can i win if my account is currently suspended ? 
  that 's pretty much what i was asking . 
  will i be rewarded if i win , even tho my account is suspended until tomorrow ? 
  is n't the whole raffle/winning thing going on the twitch chat ? 
  only my smite account is suspended . 
  or you know you could zoom out and move your mouse up a bit ? 
  you know what you sound like ? 
  a c9 fanboy who ca n't accept the fact that they 've played their best smite against panthera and still got beat . 
  let me guess ... luminosity will stop them ? 
  haha, 
  egr 2-0 enemy, 
  egr 2-0 soar, 
  i 'd say they 're going to dreamhack, 
  sure did, 
  for offenses like intentional feeding , leaving games and flaming you first get a warning , then a 3 day ban , then a 1 week ban , and i think the period of time you 're suspended keeps increasing 1 or 2 more times until you get permanently banned . 
  for racist flaming you get a warning , a 1 week ban and permanent ban . 
  that 's what i know from what i 've gotten . 
  might be wrong . 
  by warning i meant that notification you get saying that your account was marked for bad behaviour and further bad behaviour will result in a ban . 
  iirc that comes up before the first ban as well . 
  the motherfucker deserves a few more of those, 
  would n't mind geting one, 
  finally someone who does n't have 100k + stardust . 
  i 've started to think i 'm doing it all wrong . 
  i started my account while i was on vacation in a big city and managed to get it to lvl 17 . 
  now i 'm back home and thinking of quitting because not only do i have no pokestop or gym in a 30 minute walk area , i also have never seen more than 1 pokemon at a time on my nearby tab . 
  it 's really frustrating when you go on pokevision and the only thing you see is a zubat that 's 5km away . 
  they really need to find a way to balance this stuff out . 
  ha , 9 pokemon nearby , nice joke . 
  i do n't think i have 22 pokestops in a 100km radius lol . 
  is n't it 13:41 - 13:51 ? 
  you scared the crap out of me, 
  anyone getting anything other than fp from the big event chests ? 
  they ca n't split lol . 
  it 's a best of 1, 
  `` i 'm retard '' xd, 
  at least recolors are 9500 favors . 
  i got a clap emote . 
  barra do n't need no verification . 
  happens to me after playing neith . 
  `` oh i ` mma just backflip out of here aaand fuck i 'm in the middle of the teamfight '', 
  ign is suprad0za,
