  yeah this totally does n't work like intended . 
  i won a game of arena 5v5 but i `` lost '' it on faceit cause apparently i was n't in the right team . 
  i do n't have it and i 'm not nearly enough interested in faceit anymore to try to find it . 
  is n't this from prince of persia the sands of time ? 
  i can swear it 's at least similar, 
  i 've been waiting for a chaac ap ever since ap 's were first brought into the game . 
  the chaac ap will be the item that 'll finish my oddysey , regardless if it 's good or not . 
  i bought 6k gems to finish the odyssey and buy the loot pack, 
  f7 , cause i got it in a chest and it ai n't bad . 
  pr\u0103duitoru and i play on pc . 
  nice montage btw , 
  your flair makes sense now . 
  exactly the same here , linked during super regionals , got some chests , then got nothing else ever since . 
  i sure as hell wish they do n't use this thing at worlds, 
  what 's the difference between a jew and santa claus ? 
  santa goes down the chimney . 
  a father is sitting at home , just reading the news paper when his little 6 year old girl comes running in . 
  dad : hello darling !, 
  girl : hello daddy !, 
  dad : you 've been playing ? 
  girl : yeah !, 
  dad : in the park ? 
  girl : yeah !, 
  dad : with your friends ? 
  girl : well , until the man came along . 
  dad : the man came along ? 
  girl : yeah a man came along and he asked my friends to leave so it 's just me and him . 
  dad : darling , come here . 
  listen , whatever happened , none of it was your fault , but tell daddy every detail . 
  what happened ? 
  girl : he took me behind a tree so no one could see what we 're doing . 
  dad : oh god darling then what happened ? 
  girl : he took my dress off . 
  dad : oh god !, 
  what happened next ? 
  girl : he took his thing out . 
  dad : and next ? 
  what happened next ? 
  girl : nothing , that was it . 
  dad while furiously masturbating : well make something up for fuck 's sake . 
  if only africa had more mosquito nets , then every year we could save millions of mosquitos from dying needlesly of aids . 
  i watched since the beggining and got chaos crystal for paladins . 
  i do n't even have any idea what that is . 
  you get a twitch wisper from the smite bot . 
  btw , 5 hours later and i still have only got rewards for paladins , while watching the smite stream . 
  this is not okay . 
  [ the digital loot pack does n't have the fernando ares skin in it . 
  ] ( https://www.paladins.com/paladins-digital-loot-pack/ ), 
  no it 's not , considering i do n't play paladins at all so i might as well have watched the entire stream yesterday and got nothing . 
  polar mear bike ? 
  new items , item changes , relic changes , plus map changes will probably make conquest feel like something entirely new . 
  so not only is the first skin reward the 10th one , you also have to pay 400 gems every split if you want to have a chance at getting all the rewards without grinding your ass off . 
  this year 's season ticket will suck . 
  the thing is , they balanced that out by making it so that you need 75 wins to actually get the rewards , so in order for you to get anything for being diamond 1 , you 'll have to play a lot which will eventually bring you to your own skill level . 
  to me that was a really nice idea from hi-rez . 
  oh how i miss xing . 
  i remember i got him to rank x before the first nerfs . 
  he was so fun to play . 
  you mean nemesis, 
  pr\u0103duitoru ( pc ), 
  working on the same . 
  if you give da ji some time and try to understand her , she 's incredibly fun . 
  pr\u0103duitoru - pc . 
  i will love you forever man . 
  t2 actually are skins that fit with the model and animations so they basicaly only have to change the textures without adding anything new . 
  i got her to x before the buffs cause i felt she was op . 
  so yeah the buffs , well ... she 's super strong now to say the least . 
  i had the normal match ui with the normal shop and everything in adventure, 
  paperbatvg got me into the game , the game itself kept me here . 
  just like he is now . 
  a baby with a giant head . 
  the idea of him looking like he does now but having a deep manly voice also is pretty cool . 
  from what i 've gotten from the chest it 's actually pretty sick in that it 's basicaly filled with voicepacks and skins , not full of icons or ward skins and stuff like that . 
  do you fucking walk everywhere topless ? 
  by the time a chick actually sees that you should already be in bed with her and at that point no one will give a shit . 
  that 's literally the worst excuse you could find . 
  you need to stay in axe stance until you get the 5 kills, 
  did you somehow not notice the huge head ? 
  we just got anti-derpules . 
  also , it 's free , so i ca n't really find a problem with it . 
  its not that the song is bad , i actually really like it , but when you hear a song everywhere for months your ears start to bleed, 
  just what they did when everyone whined about herc having a small head , hi-rez listens to the community, 
  never won anything in my life , wo n't win this one either , but god damned that 's an amazing prize . 
  they should make it so as long as you do n't have everything in the chests , you ca n't get boosters . 
  you just got out of qualis , maybe you did really well your last few matches so your mmr went up , and now the matchmaking system is kinda like `` well let 's see how you handle diamond level '' . 
  this does n't make me any less likely to kill myself . 
  yes they do . 
  also racism . 
  first they get a warning , then a ban if they keep doing it . 
  tyrion said they have enough ships to move the dothraki to the mainland and surround the capital , so that 's how . 
  hi-rez need to stop creating useless cosmetics that no one asked for just to fill events and chests . 
  the confirmation that rhaegar married lyanna . 
  not that jon is lyanna 's son . 
  you 're with brienne of fucking tarth ? 
  that would be the best . 
  the entire voice pack should be normal ullr that has no idea how he got frozen/on fire . 
  so i have some stuff i 've got from a bundle a while back that i did n't redeem and was wondering if this is worth anything . 
  so i 'm waiting for some offers , and if i like the said offers we 'll do the deal, 
  edit : i do n't have the german skin anymore, 
  so i 've tried completing the silver shroud quests and i 've encountered a bug .
