and what was her purpose ? 
  nice straw-man . 
  she still lied . 
  it 's not as if she did n't accuse anybody . 
  it 's your kind of attitude that would have allowed her to get away with it . 
  those fucking barbarians !, 
   which is way worse . 
  that 's debatable . 
  she basically vilified an entire group . 
  well then . 
  that worries me that you 're learning in such detail the geography of the entire world . 
  what are you guys planning ?? 
  what country are you from ? 
  maybe your education system is just better than ours in regards to geography . 
  in my school in england . 
  we far more about countries that we made . 
  and even then it 's tenuous . 
  we have a more global view of the world . 
  you know empire and that . 
  the former soviet nations just are n't as notable as the other countries that we have more of a direct link with . 
  also , they are recently independent as far as countries go . 
  when a lot of people were at school those were the countries . 
  i was n't trying to insult it . 
  also . 
  i do n't know where you 're from but in england quite a lot of people would n't know that belarus is even a thing . 
  you still sometimes hear people say czechoslovakia and yugoslavia . 
   ( i would use brum as an example but that was just too scary to consider ) . 
  how bloody dare you !, 
  can you not read my username ? 
  mercia will rise again !!, 
  i honestly ca n't remember where i heard that . 
  i saw a video on youtube . 
  when i was planning a land route to india . 
  i just googled it and it is very difficult still . 
  i 'll grant you not impossible . 
  that 's confusing . 
  how do you know it says belarus if you do n't know the language ? 
   belarus is not as bad as most people would think i doubt most people think anything of belarus ( other than the science guy from friends who went to minsk ) considering the fact that they do n't let foreigners into their country . 
  thanks for your answer though . 
  which part is which ? 
  i 'm guessing the nice road belongs to russia . 
  you seem like a nice level-headed chap . 
  that one i 100 % agree with . 
  apparently it was just a massacre . 
  no need to call it a genocide . 
  just a good wholesome massacre . 
  i 'm an atheist from a hindu background . 
  my knowledge of scriptures of the abrahamic religions are tenuous at best . 
  man . 
  the tone of your comments really changed from one to the next . 
  i just thought this pope seemed to be a nice guy . 
  you do n't have to tell me about polish being a hard language . 
  i ca n't even read some of the surnames of my polish coworkers . 
  and when they tell me how to say them , i still ca n't . 
  your written english is really good , but it does have a polish ` accent ' to it . 
  not that that 's a bad thing . 
  kind of cool actually . 
  probably would n't have liked it . 
  but i doubt they appreciated christianity at first either . 
  ca n't say i have . 
  fair enough . 
  that was a good answer . 
  on a side note . 
  your writing really conveys an eastern european accent , which is incredible . 
  can i ask , did you learn english through school or did you pick it up yourself ? 
  so why did you down vote me ? 
   i understand that english is most likely not your native tongue , but i genuinely did n't understand what you were trying to say . 
   he 's still a religious maniac though . 
  how so ? 
  i 've only ever heard good things about him . 
  i agree that he 's a twat . 
  but there is no need to resort to bigotry . 
  most eastern europeans are decent people , like everywhere else in the world . 
   [ i was purposefully reinforcing the stereotype for amusement purposes . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/n8umjwj.png ) imagine if a muslim said that . 
   europe without borders . 
   tunisia also , why would that be described as a ` polish killing spree ' ? 
  all sorts died in those attacks including muslims . 
  why would poles of all people be more susceptible to anti-muslim hate that other more affected areas ? 
  i 'm surprised to see all the hate for the pope in this thread . 
  he 's genuinely the only religious leader i 've ever liked . 
  reminds me of jesus . 
  not trying to inflame anyone , he just does . 
  you know peace , love and understanding . 
  i 'll never understand why some people refuse to see the kinship between islam , christianity and judaism . 
   preach total submission to god 's will guess what the word islam means . 
  in islamic thought jews and christians are ` people of the book ' . 
  it 's other religions like hinduism that they really hate , and guess what so do christians . 
  ( which is unfortunate for me as a hindu atheist ), 
  the other guy gave you a source , and now you demand a ` decent ' source . 
  because apparently the ` federal criminal police office ' is n't good enough . 
  and then icing on the cake . 
  you threaten him with violence . 
  that sentence did n't make any sense . 
  what muslim has gone on a ` polish killing spree ' ? 
  right . 
  because muslims are lining up to go to poland . 
  as a non-christian . 
  he seems incredible . 
  all around top bloke .
