going by his flair i was assuming that his local experience as  there is n't a single place in my town that uses bitcoin was in slovenia, 
   zagreb well * there 's * your problem . 
  sorry , but slovenia is n't exactly a leader in the tech adoption curve , so do be aware that your local experiences is not necessarily indicative of trends in all other societies . 
  but you can buy products and services right now with it ? 
  just not * all * goods and services . 
  and how many people in your town accepts yen ? 
  or rubles ? 
  currencies can still have value when less than 100 % ( or even 2 % ) of the world use them . 
  both digital or fiat . 
  now , that said , the expectation of what that value will be , is a bit overhyped . 
  the whole `` if the whole world uses bitcoin each one will be worth 3 million '' is garbage . 
  bitcoin is supposed to be good because it 's decentralised , but the fact that some people are advocating for it to be * the * digital currency inherently makes the economy centralised to a small bit of code . 
  cryptocurrency will have a valuable future , just not any specific * coin, 
  here 's some reading material for ya so https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide_of_indigenous_peoples#british_empire, 
   germoney dude you are having an off day today, 
  so what your saying is that the filming of white walkers getting to kings landing is happening at the moment ? 
  i do n't wonder , but greenland do n't care . 
  it 's all upside in their eyes . 
  many other countries do disagree for obvious reasons , but there are other world views . 
  thus how we have let the problem get as far as it has . 
  understanding the other side is the first step to finding a solution they can agree to and getting them to come around to fixing it . 
  lots of resources untapped underneath all that ice . 
  all that oil and uranium suddenly becomes economically viable to extract if everything above it thaws, 
  i do n't really think it 's about fairness . 
  while the crisis was the largest factor , stuff like the apple ruling where the government takes the opposing position and the portrayal that such european decisions need to be fought only leads to a furthering of a `` us vs them '' mentality . 
  i 'm not arguing my own views , or whether the public 's views are correct or not . 
  just the basis of an explanation for why the polling data is the way it is . 
  four reasons i can think off the top of my head why ireland is `` no '' . 
  there are likely more , but these were immediate ones that came to mind . 
  1 ) we really do n't want to be part of a european army . 
  ireland would much prefer to be neutral , if only in name . 
  an opt-out and allow putting equivalent resources just towards peace keeping missions would go a long way on this though . 
  2 ) there are still strong ties with the uk . 
  federal eu would likely lead to border controls and more trade barriers . 
  and this was before brexit !, 
  only reason ireland is n't in schengen is the uk are n't . 
  and until a united ireland happens ( if ever ) to remove the uk land border this will remain an issue . 
  3 ) we would likely be ignored in the grand scheme of things . 
  we do n't have a lot of neighbours like say benelux or visegrad . 
  our closest neighbours have n't really been playing along with the whole eu thing so there is n't a sense of international community that somewhere in central europe may feel . 
  4 ) all politics is local . 
  especially irish politics . 
  the eu gets used as an easy scapegoat by politicians . 
  and this has been damaging to any desire to hand more control overseas . 
  denmark and uk are the two most euro sceptic countries within the eu . 
  in a dexit scenario , i doubt many friends would be made within the eu either . 
  at least uk would buddy up with the danes in that scenario anyway to screw over the eu . 
  you do n't feel welcome huh ? 
  are you being yelled at or beaten up in the streets ? 
  have you had to stop speaking your native language in public out of fear of attack ? 
  are you having to start work on emigration plans because you 're likely to be kicked out of the country you now consider home because of new visa requirements in the near future ? 
  are you the scapegoat of the public 's ills ? 
  does the majority of the general public believe that removing you is even more important than the countries economic well-being itself ? 
  or the neighbouring trading countries economies also ? 
  but by all means , we should deal with generalisations and stereotypes of the downtrodden british on an internet forum first . 
  i look forward to your post addressing the real life generalisations and stereotypes of europeans inside and outside the uk itself . 
  http://i.giphy.com/xtiqymdlgfymqdt8pe.gif edit : just checked ops history and he 's a ukip supporting , leave voter . 
  he 's not even part of the 48 % that did n't want this !, 
  the pigs breakfast strategy https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ihswa1swe, 
  web summit was great back in it 's first few years when there were n't many people and you 'd get to go to the pub and be in the same room with elon musk or bono after and be able to walk up to them and strike a conversation . 
  now ? 
  whatever room you 're in , it 's not going to be the vip one that 's for sure . 
  unless you set it up yourself outside of web summit through your own network . 
  rip off . 
  after brexit i see the irish government in general becoming best buds with benelux now that our biggest ally in the eu is jumping ship . 
  germany also , but more in a dick sucking sort of way . 
  you do realise that california is n't a country right ? 
  end of the uk . 
  ireland do ** not ** want to leave the eu . 
  you 're thinking of northern ireland ( the catholic half ) , there 's a difference . 
  it 's a lot less cut and dry than scotland . 
  my shorts on uk banks are going to come up really nice in a few hours at least, 
  just ran some numbers and we 'll be marginally behind sweden in growth * ireland 26.09 % * sweden 26.53 % if you take in the uk population growth ( 18.28 % ) and apply it to northern ireland population ( not exactly accurate , i know , but it 's something ) the island of ireland will still be ~ 233k people short of pre-famine levels . 
  personally all the romanian 's i know are above board . 
  the problem is they are all the ones who left romania to find a better life so it may not exactly be indicative . 
  the real problem is that when people think of romanians they are actually thinking of roma gypsies so any disdain is very misplaced, 
  can we just call spain part of portugal until ye figure out the difference in your `` spanish psyche '' so ? 
  `` everyone agrees the south china sea just belongs to china ! '', 
  if ireland are englishmen , romania are gypsies . 
  it 's only fair , 
  the difference in what the colour scheme refers to between the two graphs makes this look really biased honestly, 
  the day is coming that we pass out the uk . 
  it may be 3 or 4 or 5 years away yet , but on that day i have going to laugh a hearty laugh of guilty pleasure, 
  as a non french european , that 39 % is already too high for comfort, 
  reverse [ plantations ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/plantations_of_ireland ), 
  the boom just got boomier !, 
  we 'd be more involved but we 're still engage in the long fought tayto civil war . 
  free stayto represent !, 
  i 'll have 500 wealth please . 
  label your damn axes people !, 
  a moron in charge of foreign trade . 
  so however misguided he is , it 's worth noting how they 're handling this none the less . 
  the answer is poorly . 
  it 's easy to hide your cards when you do n't actually have any, 
  ff is slightly more left than fg but they are hardly centre left . 
  op may have a different opinion but ff are centre at best if not center right . 
   unless something catastrophic happens one brain drain coming right up so, 
  expected you to be higher . 
  like at least above venezuela and qatar , come on !, 
  [ insert obligatory netherlands fist shaking here ],
