  maybe you can tell your filter to block particular ip ranges , domain names , other keywords in the text , etc - but as the author described , these change in a matter of * minutes * . 
  gmail solves this issue by combining spam reports from * all * of its users . 
  if the unfortunate people who see a new flavour of spam in its first few minutes mark it as spam , then the other 500 million users are saved from having to read it . 
  with a personal , local spam filter , you would always be that first user . 
  i do n't see how having personal , private `` spam filter servers '' for everyone would be much better . 
  sure , it will save battery life on your phone , but the main issue is still that you need to either give up privacy of your email , or give up using spam reports by other people . 
  if walking back to his car is too much effort , how is he ever going to get back to his car ? 
  i remember reading that the kennedy space center in florida has been * beneficial * for the wildlife . 
  because of the high security requirements for visiting and ban on building anything within miles of big rockets that might go boom , wildlife has a large area that is basically off-limits to humans . 
  a space center is certainly much better than building condos and hotels on the beach . 
  interpol rules forbid any arrest warrants for political , military , religious or racist reasons : http://www.interpol.int/about-interpol/legal-materials/neutrality-article-3-of-the-constitution, 
  so most likely these warrants would be refused . 
  but it would still be inadvisable for these people to travel to any countries which are friendly with russia . 
  it 's the long-term picture . 
  russia has been a not-totalitarian-dictatorship for maybe 8 years in the entire history of time . 
  * long ago - 1547 : various kings and princes . 
  * 1547 - 1917 : tsars and emperors . 
  * 1917 - 1991 : soviet union . 
  * 1991 - 1999 : yeltsin as president . 
  perhaps the only mostly democratic time , although the state fell apart and was taken over by shady businessmen . 
  * 1999 - now : putin as president . 
  / r/truegaming would be better named / r/debategamedesign, 
  and you are only allowed to take the position advocating infinite player choice , infinite options in dialogue , infinite destructible world , infinite endings , and no cutscenes or cinematics or level borders whatsoever . 
  they really should name the test rockets something other than `` falcon 9 '' . 
  it would be stupidly expensive and stupidly ineffective . 
  most satellites burn up entirely before reaching ground . 
  you need a purpose-built heat shield to get anything back to the ground . 
  and if you can put a satellite in orbit , you can also build a icbm to deliver bombs anywhere on earth . 
   there is not one single function of bitcoin that ca n't be handled more efficiently and conveniently by a competing good or service, 
  despite being a butter , i think there is one aspect of bitcoin that other services do n't offer : the ability to transfer coins with no single payment processor being able to block it . 
  most of the downsides of bitcoin ( being distributed , requiring miners wasting energy on hashing , waiting for confirmations , easy to permanently lose coins when hacked ) are a result of having unblockability as a mandatory feature . 
  so i do n't think that coins will eventually devalue to zero and drop off the earth . 
  people will lose interest in them as an `` investment '' , and see that other existing or new payment methods are better for all everyday legal payments . 
  but they might still hang around in some corners of the internet , as they do have a feature that 's very useful for buying drugs , porn , scams and blackmail . 
  it 's not about flights to russia , but between europe and asia . 
  flights from europe to japan , china , thailand , singapore , western australia etc. 
  currently take the shortest path over russia . 
  if russia banned european airlines from using its airspace , then the asian airlines would have a flight time and fuel cost ( = price ) advantage . 
  buttcoin will really go to the moon once it breaks into the `` allowance from mum '' payments market . 
   it gives you the upper limit of how long you would need to wait . 
  in my experience they put up a `` back in 15 minutes '' sign , and then leave for hours hoping that nobody bothers to wait . 
   vote, 
  there 's another fun gotcha : the winnings are paid out * in bitcoin * . 
  so if bitcoin falls , and you win the bet , the value of the magic beans you won also goes down . 
  no , unfortunately it 's not as easy as that . 
  antimatter has negative * electrical charge * compared to usual matter . 
  we can make extremely small amounts of it in particle accelerators . 
  it could be used as a lightweight fuel in the far future , because it releases a lot of energy when it touches normal matter . 
  dark matter is matter that does not interact with usual matter or electric fields in any way except gravity . 
  lots of it is presumed to exist in the universe . 
  but there is no known way to make or even capture it , because it does n't interact at all with usual matter that we and our machines are made out of . 
  for the same reason there is no obvious use for it either . 
  now , the alcubierre drive requires matter with negative * mass * . 
  negative mass is something that has been never observed to exist , and there is no known way to create it . 
  we can put a minus sign into some equations , and still find solutions that make sense . 
  but there is no reason to believe so far that would ever exist at all in the universe . 
  finding a good cofounder is a bit like finding a good partner for marriage . 
  you ca n't do that only by posting an ad online . 
  usually you discover whether someone would be a good co-founder by working together with them for a while on other jobs and projects . 
  perhaps you can think of someone from your past colleagues who would be a good fit ? 
  if not , consider going to weekend hackathons and other events where people actually work together to build an idea , and see if you happen to be in a team with someone who is . 
   obviously , it 's not their project so i 'd worry that they would n't be as emotionally invested in it as i would be . 
  that would indeed be a problem . 
  but note that this goes both ways . 
  you only want someone as a co-founder if they do feel it is also `` their startup '' . 
  and it being `` their startup '' means that it 's no longer entirely yours - you will need to avoid seeing it as an employee-boss relationship , and be okay with them also overriding your vision on big product and business direction decisions . 
  also , get the kid some sugar-rich soda and a brand new set of crayons before the interview . 
  there is reasonably solid evidence that * dark matter * does exist . 
  we have observed movement of galaxies and bending of light that is best explained by gravitational effects of dark matter . 
  but the only effect it has on usual matter is gravity , so the only possible use for it would be to make things heavier . 
  might as well use rocks and lead bricks for that if needed !, 
  there is no practical use for dark matter in spaceships . 
  * negative mass matter * would be entirely different from usual matter , antimatter and dark matter . 
  it is purely a thought experiment : `` what would happen if we put a minus sign into this equation ? '', 
  turns out you get some fun results , for example this faster than light drive . 
  and unfortunately we have so far found zero evidence , or unexplained experimental results that would suggest that putting that minus sign in there would be possible in real life . 
  then i guess you could just leave fewer tips ? 
  if you gave people 9 cents as a tip in real life , it would be taken as an insult not a gift . 
  still , what 's the probability that the same person will get 10 tips , even per year , without being a regular at / r/bitcoin ? 
  if you tipped a stranger 12 cents for a nice comment in real life , you would at best get asked to never return to the place , and at worst get punched in the face . 
  if the site just gives a suggestion `` you should consider uk or canada '' based on a few questions , then i do n't think it would be useful . 
  most people who are considering a move already sort of know the suitable countries . 
  instead , consider having in-depth and up-to-date `` tutorials '' on how to move and get settled into specific countries and cities . 
  do you need a visa ? 
  do you need to register with the police ? 
  how to find an apartment ? 
  how not to get ripped off on the apartment ? 
  which documents do you need to bring with you ? 
  how do you get mobile internet set up ? 
  should you offer bribes when interacting with local officials and how much , or absolutely not ? 
  and so on . 
  you could monetize this by offering referrals to local visa/accommodation/services companies . 
  you could probably also charge above $ 1000 for a full `` you buy a plane ticket , we organize everything else '' package . 
  someone bet 1000 butts , or around $ 600k on it in march . 
  what 's that all about ? 
  well , i dislike members of the community who :, 
  * are `` taxes are theft , government is oppression '' ancaps , looking to replace all society and social programs with the free market ^ tm ,, 
  * think that `` money laundering is a made-up crime '' , even if the money is from actual serious crime ,, 
  * are just looking for a way to hide income from the irs with no moral agenda ,, 
  * are pumping and promoting bitcoin because they are looking to get rich on their investment ( or more likely to make back their losses ) ,,
