  i 'll check these out . 
  were you in charge of the proton m launch two years ago ? 
  where are you based ? 
  two things that you should watch out for :, 
  * are your superiors at the employer aware of and ok with this ? 
  while this is entirely fine if yes , they might demand to just make these services part of your 9-5 job duties . 
  * does this approach lead to you and your employer paying less taxes in total ? 
  if yes , make sure to consult with an accountant and/or lawyer beforehand . 
  generally , sure . 
  you can agree to be employed , and also offer contractual services however you want if you both agree to it . 
  conflicts of interest only matter for people working for governments , where they should not be awarding taxpayer 's money to their own companies . 
  if it 's a private employer , then their owners can decide to spend their own money however they want . 
  but the irs will take a hard look and potentially re-classify the services as employment ( with employment taxes ) if it looks like the scheme is intended to avoid paying taxes . 
  sorry , it 's not obvious at all why you want this to be a secret . 
  i 'm not sure i understand the details of all these relationships , but if there is a need to keep the details secret , then someone is getting ripped off in the process , and you will get fired both as an employee and a service vendor . 
  but why would you need to refer to a list of date formats ? 
  not in germany at least : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30937492, 
  a practical reason why pluto ca n't be a planet is because there are too many similar objects out there beyond neptune : https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/91/eighttnos.png, 
  eris was discovered just 10 years ago , and is the same size and actually heavier than pluto . 
  it 's likely that many more will be found in the future . 
  if pluto can be a planet , then we 'd need to start handing out planet status to all of them . 
   why ? 
  because for any test , some random set of data will give you a significant p-value even if there is no actual effect . 
  by simply increasing sample size until you get significance , you are essentially pulling random data until you get one that gives you the p-value you want . 
  why is this data considered random ? 
  the way i see it :, 
  * unless you consider true quantum physics , every two variables in the real world have some correlation . 
  whether you eat an apple has some correlation with how fast broken bones heal , your house number has some correlation with your reddit karma , and so on . 
  the effect size might be too small to be meaningful , but for every possible experiment , * it exists * . 
  * with enough samples , you can eventually find this correlation and show a statistically significant result for every possible experiment . 
  this is n't a random fluke or the wrong answer . 
  * to see whether this result is meaningful in practice , you still have to look at the effect size . 
  if eating an apple makes bones heal 0.2 seconds faster on average , it 's not worth prescribing apples . 
  if 2 weeks , then perhaps it is . 
  the tax office is not going to let you skip paying your taxes just because you say in your terms and conditions that it 's the customer 's liability . 
  at best , you might be able to sue the customer afterwards to reclaim the tax and penalties from them . 
  i went to a short seminar on new eu vat rules earlier this year . 
  the accountant recommended collecting and saving at least 2-3 * matching * pieces of evidence about the customer 's location : ip , billing address , browser language , self-reported location , etc. 
  if some eu country disputes your vat payments and asks for more tax , you can use this evidence to show them that the customer was not resident in their country . 
  no idea . 
  eu really went full retard with these regulations . 
  it was designed to get amazon , apple and google to stop billing vat through luxembourg , despite all the hassle and extra work it creates for all small online businesses . 
  back in march or so when the seminar happened , there were no court judgements on these questions , so nobody really knows how the rules will be enforced in practice . 
  maybe it 's changed since then , not sure . 
  the accountant basically said :, 
  * in theory , any eu country 's tax office could demand vat from you for customers who actually live there . 
  * if you are small enough , nobody will probably care to check the records . 
  * if you have 2-3 pieces of location evidence , and they all match , this should be sufficient to argue that you billed it correctly . 
  * if you do n't , or if this evidence is conflicting , it 's up to you to decide whether to risk paying vat again to another country if audited , or whether to refuse to serve the customer at all . 
   personally , i 'm intrigued at the methods they use for those squishy underground apartment complexes . 
  how often do hobbits ' carts need towing ? 
  vat is a consumption tax , but sellers are usually responsible for collecting and paying it to the government , at least for within-country sales . 
  it was a bit more confusing when the buyer is itself a vat-registered company , or if the sale crosses eu country borders . 
  selling digital goods used to be taxed as a sale * where the seller is registered * . 
  so the online shop would register in one eu country , add and collect that country 's vat , and pay it to that country 's tax office . 
  big online shops chose luxembourg for its low vat , and other countries were upset at losing the vat from sales to their residents . 
  but starting from 1st january 2015 , sellers of digital goods are responsible for accounting , collecting and paying vat to all eu countries , based on where the customer is located . 
  for example , the uk tax office explains it here : https://www.gov.uk/government/publications/vat-supplying-digital-services-to-private-consumers/vat-businesses-supplying-digital-services-to-private-consumers, 
  there is a special `` moss '' scheme for small sellers , where they pay all the vat to their own tax office which distributes it further , but they still have to do all the customer location tracking and accounting themselves . 
  it 's not fair , i agree . 
  my practical suggestion would be :, 
  * if you are a small shop that nobody will care about auditing , just go with what the customer tells you . 
  * if you are a larger shop , use the customer 's ip country at checkout and do n't let them change it . 
  perhaps ask them to enter an address in that country as well . 
  if the credit card details that you receive after purchase do n't match the country , refuse & refund the sale . 
  it 's an entirely valid and popular business model . 
  however , you should consider all the extra costs when calculating profits :, 
  * interest rates might go up . 
  * you will occasionally have months when the house is empty between tenants . 
  * you will be responsible for all local property taxes and repairs to the house . 
  * you should expect to renovate the interior of the house every 2-5 years to keep its rental value up . 
  * you probably need to pay income tax on the rent . 
  you may or may not be able to write off some of the expenses against it , better check with an accountant . 
  * if you get shitty tenants , they might refuse to pay , it might take months to evict them , they might damage the house , and you might be unable to recoup these costs . 
  get insurance for sure . 
  * you need to spend time dealing with the tenants , or hire a manager . 
  overall , it seems unlikely that you will make a profit every year ( depends on the local rental market ) - but it can be a great investment after considering the final value of the house after the mortgage is over . 
  the reason why everybody is n't doing it is that you need initial capital and creditworthiness to buy the house , and you still need one place where to live yourself . 
  no bank will give you 10 ( or even 2 ) mortgages unless you can show that you can afford all of them on your salary , or have a stable and reliable rental income from the previous ones . 
  sure , there are requirements to getting the * free money * - otherwise everyone and their grandma would apply for a $ 12k blackjack and hookers grant . 
  but it is free money in the sense that they do n't ask for anything in return * for themselves * . 
  you have to put in time and effort , but not to work for them , but on your own startup . 
  you get to keep the outcome of all that work and effort . 
  sure , there are startups and founders for whom it makes more sense to build it slowly while keeping a full-time job for income . 
  and startups and founders for whom it makes sense to live elsewhere ( which they allow ) . 
  but for people who already want to do this , and were planning to use their own savings for it , an extra $ 12k is free money . 
  maybe people are confusing renting a room vs an apartment . 
  200-300 might even get you a ( shitty ) private 1-bedroom apartment , but should be plenty for a room in a shared apartment . 
  that said , i do n't think there is much of a public rental market for single rooms . 
  most people who share get together with a friend or two , and rent a whole apartment together . 
  ext4 driver can also mount ext3 and ext2 volumes - and actually has higher performance than the old drivers for those . 
  this is about removing the ext3-only driver code , people can keep using their ext3 disks with the ext4 driver . 
  hmm , interesting . 
  however , i think most non-residents opening bank accounts are doing it not for themselves , but for a local company that they own . 
  this could be easier , since ( in theory ) the bank should not care who the owner of the company is . 
   applying for my id card , which apparently is required for a home internet connection, 
  that seems strange - perhaps the customer service agent was just a bit inexperienced ? 
  i do n't see why a foreign passport would n't be accepted as proof of identity . 
  it 's not like the id card is used for anything else for the home connection itself . 
  yep .
