  but how does that make it a good idea to continue fucking future college students as well ? 
  joining the military is n't a rite of passage that people should go through to avoid debt unless they actually * want * to join the military in itself . 
  do you mean the new 2016 macbook ? 
  or the 2015 macbook pro that you mentioned in your post ? 
  i have n't used the 2016 macbook myself for more than 30 seconds . 
  from what i 've read , people complain a bit about the following :, 
  * the performance is mediocre , about the same as a 2-year old air and less than much older pro 's . 
  but it will be entirely sufficient for word/powerpoint/notes / movies/etc . 
  * there is just one usb port , that also doubles as the charging port , plus a separate headphone port . 
  no other ports . 
  if you want to have more devices plugged in or charge and use a usb stick or something , you need extra adapter cables , or get wireless stuff . 
  * it 's expensive , * even * compared to usual apple prices . 
  holy shit it 's light and thin though . 
  if i had to buy a new mac right now , i would personally get a last year 's 13 '' pro , since i use it for software development and various compute-heavy tasks . 
  but my wife has been itching to get the 2016 macbook , since she only uses a computer for word , email and movies , and the lightness makes it easier to carry around ( and it comes in pink ) . 
   the question is , is this even allowed ? 
  essentially i 'd be operating the business from a different country than where it 's registered . 
  it is allowed and entirely fine . 
  but it may only save you a part or none of the bureaucracy and taxes . 
  most countries have a law that says `` if the management lives here , we will still tax the company as it was registered here '' . 
  and if you hire employees , then you still need to handle the bureaucracy and taxes based on where the employee , not the company lives . 
  you should get an accountant or tax lawyer in the country where you live to advise you on the exact details . 
  if it still seems like a good idea , then you could for example get estonian e-residency and register the company there . 
  the e-residency is not actual residency , but it gives you a digital id card that can be used to log into government and banking websites . 
  then you can manage the finances of the business without visiting or mailing papers . 
  one visit in person is needed to open a bank account . 
   do macbooks last long enough without problems that applecare is an unnecessary expense, 
  most often yes . 
  if the laptop lasts 1 year without problems showing up , it will most likely last 5-8 years . 
  that said , there is some anecdotal evidence ( stories by friends ) that having applecare `` upgrades '' the service from apple if there are problems - instead of inspections or repairs , they are more eager to hand you a brand new model off the shelf as a replacement . 
  but altogether , i would recommend getting accidental damage and theft insurance instead of applecare . 
  most laptops die beacuse of beer-on-keyboard , not manufacturing faults . 
  they 're not evil , but it 's still a commercial approach to conservation . 
  the inaccessibility , lack of amenities , roughness and overall `` untouched by human development '' is what makes nature attractive for the more hardcore nature types . 
  but once a site becomes popular enough , it is pretty much required , as thousands of visitors running around on their own will be more destructive than carefully organised paths . 
   i know that my macbook can push no higher than 1080p at 60hz . 
  yes it can , if you connect it via displayport and not hdmi . 
  i have a 2560x1400 display at 60hz connected to an even older late 2013 mbp via mini displayport right now . 
  i suspect a converter/adapter may not work , but perhaps you can try before buying at a store ? 
  if you bring your own cables and adapters , then it would not be much of a hassle for them to plug the laptop into the display . 
   the new macbook pro is something like 160 gb and i feel like that will fill up rather quickly . 
  the ssd in the new pros is not upgradeable . 
  but it has a built-in sd card slot , where you can insert a memory card and pretty much use it as a secondary slower hard drive . 
  some people make sd card adapters that will look flush and color match the aluminium body : http://minidrive.bynifty.com/, 
  applecare for laptops does n't include accidental damage , so for the clumsy types a separate insurance is useful anyway . 
   now , i realise that this idea of political union is a long-term project , but the leave vote has set it back a good ten years , if not more . 
  i wonder if it will turn out to be the opposite though . 
  uk has been one of the most euro-sceptic members of the eu , negotiating hard for opt-outs on further integration . 
  with uk leaving , there may in fact be less resistance to france and germany leading a path to a stronger political and fisical union . 
  macbook does everything that you expect from a general-purpose computer really . 
  running word & excel , steam games , all mac desktop software , windows in a virtual machine , and so on . 
  the chromebook runs chrome os - with the chrome browser as the `` os '' . 
  you can browse the web , run `` chrome apps '' ( which are websites in a window without the address bar ) , and android apps . 
  it 's possible to get real desktop apps running on the chromebook by installing linux on it , but it takes a lot of hackery to get working . 
  and unless you have tinkering with computers as a hobby , then you should probably get a windows or mac laptop instead of one with linux . 
  also note that if you are a student , then apple has somewhere around 10-25 % discounts off its official store price . 
  there used to be a link well hidden to that in the online store if visiting from a known school network , not sure about these days . 
  might be worth comparing those prices to what your school offers before buying . 
  it 's really hard to say . 
  most rumours seem to agree that there will be a new macbook pro released `` soon '' , possibly in september/october . 
  but people were expecting it `` soon '' already 6 months ago . 
  what happens to air is less predictable . 
  maybe there will be a new version released . 
  maybe it will be discontinued , with pro remaining the powerful and the current 2016 macbook line remaining the ultralight portable model . 
  open your typical apps and files , and then check the activity monitor `` memory '' tab to see how much you are using right now ? 
   typical workload is ai , ps , indesign , ( often at the same time ) , 4k video editing , and some xcode . 
  photography edits shot in raw and some large print media . 
  my guess would be that if you keep most of these + some browser tabs open at the same time , then yes extra ram will be useful . 
   which os do you require ? 
  windows or mac !, 
  i heard ios is more secure though - is that true ? 
  i make quite a few online transactions and have been a target of hacking and screen surveillance for a year so i really hope i can well ... not risk that again . 
  ( side note : macs run macos , which shares some code but is n't the same as ios for iphones ) . 
  all modern oses have pretty much identical and entirely sufficient security against being hacked `` from the outside '' . 
  the two most common way people get hacked are :, 
  * they download and run an infected app . 
  do n't download and run apps from random websites , especially pirated copies from torrent sites . 
  only install original apps from trustworthy publishers . 
  * adobe flash plugin often has security issues , which dodgy websites can use to infect your computer when loading an infected flash ad , animation or video player on the web . 
  if possible , uninstall and remove flash entirely . 
  if you need it for something , then a ) use a better than average security browser like chrome , b ) install adblock to block flash ads including flash ads most websites , c ) enable `` click to run '' for plugins in chrome . 
  then you need to specifically click on a flash component to load it , instead of it auto-loading when visiting any website . 
  but hollowcrown51 's idea for larger constituencies with multiple mps would be a good one for `` partial pr '' . 
  if constituencies were 10x larger and sent 10mps each proportionally to votes , then it would still retain the `` local representative '' aspect of fptp , while giving each party that gets at least 10 % of the vote there an mp . 
  the macbook pro non retina is 4 years old and obsolete in every way , it 's bizarre why it 's still even sold , let alone at these prices . 
  it 's * more * expensive than new retina models if you upgrade it to match the basic specs of new ones . 
  whether to get a new pro or the 12 '' one depends on what you want to use the computer for . 
  if just web , office and movies , then the 12 '' is sufficient and super light and thin for carrying around . 
  if you need more power for whatever work you are using it for , then pro might be a better match . 
  there are rumours of a new pro being released in this autumn , but there 's no way to tell if it will be in september , october or much later in the year . 
   would getting a mac mini , even though it only has 8gb ram be a better option ? 
  that really depends on how and where you use your computer . 
  a mac mini will be fine , and at half the price of a laptop ( * if * you already have a monitor , external keyboard and mouse ) . 
  i used one as my main computer for many years when i had to build an ios app and got `` the cheapest mac that will work '' . 
  but it 's a desktop , and you 'll soon find that you still need some laptop for meetings , hackathons , killing time or working at the airport , and so on . 
  and it 's * way * more convenient to have one laptop with all your files and projects already there rather than a separate device . 
   my computer was stolen recently ( i did n't have find my mac turned on so i 'm fucked and insurance will take many weeks to get anything done ) so i need a new one . 
  do n't beat yourself up too much because of that . 
  the find my mac is n't precisely accurate . 
  and even if you got the address of an apartment building out of it , then the police would not go out to start searching all apartments there for a $ 1000 theft .
