  * netopalk / netosumma : how much you actually get in your pocket after all taxes taken off . 
  * brutopalk : salary together with employee 's income tax , but without employer 's side taxes . 
  this is a somewhat useless number , but the most common number when talking about salaries in estonia . 
  * tulumaks : employee 's income tax, 
  * tulumaksuvaba : income-tax free amount, 
  while the two main taxes are split between the `` employee '' and `` employer '' , in reality the employer will pay both directly to the tax office and transfer the net sum to your bank account . 
  is there a queue ? 
  i 'll take 2018, 
  sure . 
  immunity is not a defense or a decision in a criminal case , it is a temporary restriction on arresting the diplomat . 
  if their home country cancels the immunity , then they are back to being a normal citizen , and can be arrested and charged . 
   since you 're going to venice i would say for you to continue to slovenia - it is truly an amazing country . 
  it really is , but this is already a rather busy and exhausting for a `` first trip to europe '' . 
  and switzerland/bavaria/austria are probably more interesting for the first trip than skipping them and going trough slovenia ( unless the goal is to cut down on travel time and places visited ) . 
   we 'll arrive at 13:30 in riga so we should be able to make the 14:45 bus from riga, 
  note that most buses from riga to p\u00e4rnu ( and then to tallinn ) also stop at the riga airport . 
  if you do n't plan on spending time in riga then that will be much easier than finding your own transport to the bus station in the center of riga . 
  for example , i think the bus you have in mind has the following stops :, 
  * 14:05 riga airport, 
  * 14:45 riga bus station, 
  you can take a taxi faster than the 40 minutes if you miss the 14:05 departure , but look out for taxi drivers who scam tourists . 
  not sure . 
  the ticket is the same price from either starting point , so in theory they should not care , but you never know how understanding the driver is . 
  certainly worth a try , but look up some alternative way to get there as well just in case . 
   is this person signed as an authorized user or joint owner of said bank account ? 
  i do n't think it 's even possible to have a bank account that is jointly owned by a company and an individual . 
  moving money between individual and company ownership requires declaring it as a salary , dividend , investment or loan for the irs , you ca n't just share a single pool . 
  do you actually need to be a citizen ? 
  if yes , then i guess that the land would be owned by * them * , and your ownership deals would get complicated . 
  if you just need an id card , then you can sign up for [ e-residency ] ( https://e-estonia.com/e-residents/about/ ) . 
  it 's not actual residency or citizenship - it just gives you the id card with encryption keys for digital signatures and secure login to government websites . 
  the languages are incompatible and somewhat different , if you need them then you will need to learn them as well . 
  but all the theory of programming and computer science will transfer over . 
  thinking about conditional statements , loops , functions , variables , lists , arrays , ways to organise your code , etc. 
  and python is a very good choice for learning these for the first time , much easier than for example r. 
  as a side bonus , learning python will also be useful for building websites , building games , automating tedious repetitive tasks on the computer , etc. 
  whereas the data-science specific languages like r are only really useful for data science . 
  ralfp was sarcastic about these complaints : web apps are one place where the gil is completely irrelevant . 
  web apps are deployed with uwsgi/gunicorn/mod _ wsgi , which starts 5-10 independent python processes which do n't share a gil . 
  and then scale it over multiple servers , which also do n't share a gil . 
  i thought these were available in english as well ? 
  it 's pretty easy to do the annual reports yourself after reading up on the instructions for a day or two , for a `` no activity '' business it should take no more than an hour after that . 
  monthly reports will be needed only if you register to handle vat , or if you pay out salaries to employees . 
  the statistics questionnaires explain themselves what info they want to know , it 's usually things like average education of employees or `` how much did you invest in innovation '' or similar bs . 
  but still , most people who run a business get an accountant because they have more important or fun things to spend their time on . 
  just the annual report for a typical small company should be around 100 eur or so . 
  there are hundreds of small accounting providers and freelancers in estonia : http://www.neti.ee/cgi-bin/teema/ari/raamatupidamine/#raamatupidamisteenused or i can pm you some details if you are interested . 
  if you started the beginning of this year , then you have until june 2017 to submit the report for the first year . 
  if the work needs doing at all . 
  a friend of mine told me a story about how his company sent his team for `` teambuilding + volunteer work '' day to some sort of care home ( local in europe , not abroad ) . 
  their task was to repaint some rooms . 
  but the rooms already looked perfectly fine - just a few tiny scratches . 
  in fact it seemed like the care home had designated a few rooms just for the volunteers , and they were being repainted every few weeks by different groups . 
  the care home gets a donation from the companies , the employees get a fake `` making a difference '' experience , the company can advertise its `` social responsibility '' , and fuck all actually meaningful is being done . 
  i do n't think there are enough data scientists in estonia to have a meaningful `` average market rate '' . 
  if you consider software developers more broadly , sensible before tax numbers seem to be ~ 1500/mo straight out of school with no experience , 2000-2500 / mo with a few years of experience , and somewhere around 4000 + / mo for experienced senior people . 
  so your 2900/mo at 3 years of experience is probably a bit over average for software developers , but as the position needs specialised skills it might be about right . 
  maybe you can negotiate , but it does n't seem like a deliberate low-ball offer . 
   if that 's the case how is this a negative thing for consumers ? 
  it 's a negative in the long term . 
  facebook , google , etc can afford to pay isps to make their sites cheaper/free . 
  small new startups can not . 
  this means that consumers are more motivated to keep using the big existing players , and starting a competitor is more difficult . 
  * man pushes girlfriend from plane :(, 
  * saves her life , 
  * before dying in crash :(, 
  it is true , and it makes sense to repeat that when people post `` how do i sell a product improvement idea to big co '' or `` i have an app idea , how do i find people to build and market it for 1 % share '' . 
  but this post is more about how to compete , not really about the value of the idea itself . 
   they should be able to engage in any deal ( reduced taxes , subsidies , etc ) they want for the purposes of benefiting their country . 
  then they have to leave the eu . 
  even if an explosion during the static fire is unexpected , there must be insurance between shipping to the launch site and rocket launch . 
  [ otherwise a technician with clumsy fingers could just drop it on the floor and break it . 
  ] ( http://images.spaceref.com/news/2003/09.06.03.noaa-n.lrg.jpg ), 
  estonia should match what op is looking for well : no tax when your company earns income or makes a profit , taxes are applied only when you withdraw the earnings from the company . 
  but something to watch out for is local tax laws whereever you actually live . 
  most countries have laws about taxing foreign-registered companies as local companies if the business is being run remotely . 
  i disagree , and i 'll try to explain my viewpoint . 
  the goal of the justice system is to find and convict the actually guilty , while not inconveniencing the actually innocent . 
  you absolutely want to avoid convicting someone who is actually innocent , so the required standard of evidence is strongly in their favour . 
  but take for example the rule that evidence found from an unwarranted search must be thrown out . 
  why is that a good idea ? 
  if the evidence gets us closer to the truth , why ignore it ? 
  because without that rule , police would be eager to search everyone at all times , and needlessly bother people . 
  it 's not there to protect the actually guilty against a conviction , but to protect everyone from being bothered by searches . 
  maybe if there was an equally motivating discouragement against unnecessary searches , we could replace throwing out evidence with that instead . 
  so with lying , there is a similar argument . 
  if it gets us closer to the truth , why avoid it ? 
  it wo n't inconvinience someone who is innocent much . 
  they will be a bit scared , but will just continue denying the charges . 
  but if it makes an actually guilty person admit to the crime , then overall it 's a positive . 
  [ a pyramid ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o9l3yjyj_iy ), 
   maybe someday in the future , with faster computers , more advanced models and software , it will be possible to do acoustic triangulation and other techniques in real time, 
  there are already systems that can triangulate gunshots from microphones in a city in real time , or track artillery shells with radar and shoot them down . 
  it should be possible to do this with the vibration data already with today 's computer and technology if someone was willing to put in the engineering effort . 
  but there is no point in putting in that effort if there is n't any useful action that you would take in real time . 
  if a rocket has already blown up , it does n't matter if the investigation analysis runs in seconds , minutes or overnight . 
   you picked the most expensive city to live in in the us . 
  no kidding . 
  there are people paying $ 1800/month there for a * shared-bedroom bunk bed * ( 4 people per bedroom , 30 people per house ) : http://sanfrancisco.cbslocal.com/2015/09/09/san-francisco-mission-district-rentals-bunkbeds-vinyasa-homes-project/, 
   you might want to look into freelancing or making your own little company .
