  it was made more complicated by the fact that the earliest time for filing in the uk for the previous calendar year is after the latest deadline for estonia . 
  if you are an estonian e-resident , nothing happens at all . 
  it 's not actually residency in any sort of tax or residence permit sense - it just gives you an id card that lets you log into most estonian websites and sign documents . 
  unless you actually live here , or have the company registered here , the estonian tax office will have no claim . 
  if you are considering running it in estonia , then the answers to the original questions would be :, 
   is reliable and has a stable regulatory environment ;, 
  it 's in the eu , and generally stable and reliable . 
   has the lowest possible tax burden, 
  0 % tax as long as you keep the money in the company or re-invest it . 
  20 % tax when you pay it out as dividend once a year . 
  40 % tax when you pay employees salaries or other benefits . 
  ( total rates , all employer + employee taxes included ) . 
   requires no physical presence for incorporation and following paperwork, 
  right now , presence at least once is needed to open a bank account . 
   has minimum bureaucracy, 
   has low and no presence needed accountancy requirements, 
  accounting info can be submitted all online , no presence needed . 
  the amount of paperwork is roughly :, 
  * once per year , a detailed yearly report . 
  * if you have sales of over 25k eur per year , you need to register for vat , and submit vat reports once per month . 
  * if you pay out salaries or dividend , you need to submit an income tax report the next month . 
  but still , the first thing to figure out is what taxes and reporting rules your country has even if the company is registered elsewhere . 
  if i was in the uk , i would not bother trying to find other jurisdictions , taxes and paperwork there seem mostly reasonable . 
  if i was somewhere in southern europe , then probably yes . 
    yes , that is what i 've been trying to get you to understand . 
  the state will most likely not help you . 
  http://tervis.postimees.ee/3601895/ranka-haigust-podev-pisipoja-ema-palub-inimestelt-abi latest story in an endless line of them , mother of small boy is n't getting support for treatment from hk and has to request help from the general public . 
   this just confirms my opinion that our country is a shithole . 
  lovely . 
  and what is `` the country '' or `` the government '' supposed to do ? 
  haigekassa has a fixed budget . 
  it is not enough to cover all health issues all estonians have . 
  most illnesses get treated , but many expensive treatments get rejected or delayed because of that , including treatment for some cancer patients , etc. 
  i mean , i guess it sucks not being born in norway with oil money flowing out of the ground , as it does for 7 billion other people in the world . 
  realistically the options seem to be :, 
  * find private funding , and fly to thailand or whereever it 's a lot cheaper ,, 
  * wait a long time until estonian economy catches up to the nordics to fund this from taxes . 
  nasa would throw a fit over sending a greenhouse to mars . 
  all spacecraft landing or even at risk of crashing into mars must be carefully sterilised to make sure that no earth bacteria hitch a ride . 
  otherwise it will be impossible to tell if any bacteria we find on mars in the future are native or brought over from earth . 
  it seems likely that we will give up searching for life on mars when the first human mission arrives . 
  but delivering anything else alive there as a publicity stunt wo n't be approved . 
   would a bachelors in web development and experience working in web agencies within the uk help with finding a job at all ? 
  yes , certainly . 
  you could probably email 10 companies doing web development , and get 5 job offers by tomorrow . 
  not because of the degree , but because everyone who is actually competent and can do development work gets one immediately . 
  experience in the uk is probably a small plus . 
   would i need a job before moving , and if so , where would be a good place to look given my skills ? 
  http://www.workinestonia.com/ which you found is the best starting website about finding it jobs , the process of getting a visa , and a little bit about living here . 
  it 's a `` promotional '' site which tries to over-sell it a bit ... but its better organised than the police agency pages on visas and residence permits . 
  other options are to check cv.ee or cvkeskus.ee , but the best is probably to find some companies who seem to be doing interesting stuff and email them directly to ask . 
   are there any initiatives to help people get started in the country ? 
  if i were to do this move , i 'd feel a lot more comfortable knowing there 'd be some help in adjusting, 
  only ones i know of are organised by university students for other visiting students . 
  there may be , but i 've never looked . 
   what 's the perception of immigrants coming to eesti to work in it ? 
  i hear it 's very saturated , but still has opportunities . 
  depends who you ask . 
  a large majority of the population is against immigrants in general right now because of the refugee crisis , and eu forcing us to take refugees from syria . 
  if you `` look brown '' , you may occasionally get something muttered at you by assholes in the street , but there is no actual danger . 
  in the workplace , universities , or other more international crowds , there should be no negative feelings . 
  if you have a job and make at least a small effort to learn some estonian , then people will be positive , even trying perhaps trying to make friends with you to hear more about your life and experiences and so on . 
  the coolest guys at my office are from colombia , brazil , finland , etc. 
  it is not really saturated - lots of people go into it , but the demand for employees always grows faster than the number of people to fill these jobs . 
   what sort of rent would i be looking at if i wanted to work near tallinn ? 
  ( compared to the salary , at least ), 
  the prices at http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/city_result.jsp?country=estonia&amp;city=tallinn seem mostly correct . 
  the `` outside of city centre '' is still probably within 20 minutes by public transport , not in the countryside . 
   in fact , looking at those job postings , it seems a bit peculiar that they 're offering so many bonuses and competitive salaries despite only listing very basic skills in the job offer . 
  what 's the catch ? 
  `` competitive salary '' is bs that means `` whatever you can negotiate '' . 
  you never know if it means actually competitive , or something crap before going through the interviews . 
  but for competent it people some guidelines to think of are perhaps up to 1000 eur/month after taxes taken off for someone still in university and zero work experience , 2000 eur/month after 2-3 years of experience , and more at big international companies and/or specialist skills . 
  listed salaries usually include 20 % income tax , so 2000 listed becomes 1600 net after taxes . 
  not sure if companies would offer something lower initially because of the risk/hassle of having to arrange visas . 
   is this all a terrible idea ? 
  no idea , it would be change for sure . 
  but what about the uk culture did you find unpleasant ? 
  the culture here is different in some respects , eg . 
  no small talk , but in the big picture not that different from other european countries . 
  i doubt there are any actual laws against sending a greenhouse to mars . 
  but it would be a bad idea to piss off your biggest customer and potential partner for future mars missions . 
  my guess is that it is because sending a communications satellite to gto is a very `` standard '' mission . 
  leo and other less common orbits are for nasa and the military . 
  which can add paperwork , can add a dragon spacecraft , can add restrictions on launch windows , can add requirements for late cargo loading , etc. 
  saying that the price to leo is higher might just be a way to avoid politicians grumbling in public when all these extra requirements result in a higher than the website price . 
  it would make sense , but these are record companies we are talking about . 
  also , it seems to me that the vast majority of let 's play 's are technically not legal to stream . 
  most game companies just do n't care , because it helps with marketing , and because taking things off youtube is an endless job . 
  ndas take time and lawyer fees to review and negotiate changes . 
  they also put the freelancer at risk of perhaps having to defend a lawsuit if they happen to get another client with a similar idea in the future , even they were careful about keeping the information private . 
  for the freelancer , whether it makes sense to negotiate and sign the nda or not depends on how certain and how lucrative the project is . 
  if the nda is a part of the final contract for services & payment , that 's great . 
  if it 's for a big enterprise client who is almost ready to sign a services contract , that 's fine . 
  if it 's for something that looks like a weekend project , but the client does n't want to even tell you enough details to quote a price before signing the nda , it 's just easier to pass on the project and do something else . 
  why not go full monster with unicode '' [ word separator middle dot ] ( http://www.fileformat.info/info/unicode/char/2e31/index.htm ) '' ? 
  the part that i miss the most in the admin is some way of making data browsing `` parent-model-based '' , rather than lists with filters over full database tables . 
  i have a few projects with fairly deeply nested models . 
  think organizations -  events -  days -  talks and workshops -  speakers -  presentation slides . 
  when an event manager wants to use the admin , they are focusing on one event at a time - they never want to see a list of all presentation slides which they have permission to edit , but rather work on `` djangocon europe 2017 '' and all models related by parent links to that .
