  but the challenge said `` no external hardware '' ... 
  yeah , `` no electrical hardware '' makes more sense . 
  but even without electronics and electricity it 's easy to build a mechanical scale . 
  for example , just put the smartphone at the end of a very long seesaw . 
  sit closer and closer to the pivot until it balances . 
  the ratio of distances to pivot will be the same as the ratio of masses . 
  you could perhaps do it in theory with an impossibly accurate smartphone accelerometer : it measures gravity !, 
  put the phone on the ground , step away , that 's earth 's gravity . 
  next stand on top of the phone , now it measures earth minus your gravity . 
  space shuttle 's main problem was that refurbishment between flights was * way * more expensive than originally planned . 
  a brand new falcon 9 is already the cheapest western-built rocket , so even if the reusability fails , it will be economical to keep it flying . 
  reminds me of an old joke :, 
  neil and buzz get to the moon , and send a panicked message to houston : `` the ruskies are already here , and they are painting the moon red !, 
  what should we do ? '', 
  houston replies `` please wait for instructions . '', 
  a bit later , the astronauts report again : `` they have almost finished painting the moon red . 
  any advice ? '', 
  houston replies `` please wait for instructions . '', 
  a bit later still , the astronauts report : `` the russians finished painting , the moon is now red . 
  what should we do ? '', 
  houston replies : `` take some white paint and write coca cola on it '', 
  i keep wondering that myself - is / r/eesti 's opinion on `` do n't speak russian to estonians '' really that common ? 
  i mean , people would be ( quietly ) offended if a tourist comes here with the assumption that everything east of berlin is russia , and does not even know that the eastern european countries have their own languages , culture , etc. 
  but if someone asks `` do you speak russian , i would like to practice ? '', 
  then there should be no harm or offence from that . 
   what is the cost of living like ? 
  i 'm hoping to get a one-bedroom apartment for around 350 euros near enough to the city centre . 
  possible ? 
  what are bills like ? 
  350 within walking distance of the city centre is possible , but it will be tiny and in poor condition . 
  note that when looking at rental ads online , we count `` rooms '' not `` bedrooms '' . 
  living room , kitchen also count as a room , bathroom/hallway do not . 
  * 1 room = studio apartment , with a kitchen-bedroom, 
  * 2 room = 1 bedroom + kitchen-livingroom, 
  * 3 room = 2 bedrooms + kitchen-livingroom , or 1 bedroom + separate kitchen and separate livingroom, 
  it 's because hillary 's misconduct is boring : ordinary corruption with campaign contributions and favors to big businesses . 
  shit that most people almost * expect * from politicians now . 
  while bernie was in the race , there was hope for a change from that - but now it 's back to politics as usual . 
  trump on the other hand is very entertaining with his new insane plan or angry rant every day . 
  to get around the paywall , google the title and click the link . 
  this works at many popular paywalled news sites . 
  it works like this because google has a rule that websites must show the same content to the via-google visitors and to the google indexing-robot . 
  they are allowed to show different content to direct visitors . 
  the website can put up a strict paywall , but then they also do n't get their full article indexed by google . 
  they are very close to proving that they can do first stage reuse . 
  whether it will be * economical * is still a somewhat uncertain question . 
  refurbishment costs are likely to be lower than building a brand new stage . 
  but there is a payload penalty ( not sure how much ? 
  from reserving fuel for the first stage landing . 
  an expendable launch could sometimes deliver more small satellites , or deliver a heavier main satellite , or deliver the main satellite to a higher orbit ( = longer in-orbit lifetime ) . 
  in theory the customer would be willing to pay extra for these benefits compared to a reusable launch , and the loss of this extra income for spacex should be factored into reuse economics . 
  why would russia want that ? 
  they have thousands of their own nukes . 
  and they would not want other less stable countries or islamist groups * near russia * getting access to them either . 
  oh i see , i misread it as `` russia wants to get nukes ( for themselves or someone else other than us ) '' . 
  sure , but that means the latest version could put even more payload to orbit in expendable mode . 
  if there is any fuel reserved for landing , then the same fuel could have boosted the payload a bit more . 
  i 'm not sure how big this difference is , but it would be fair to include that in the reusability economics calculations . 
  idk , most people who i know do seem to tip at nice restaurants - but never at bars , pubs or anywhere else where you pay up front . 
  so maybe try approaching touristy places in the old town , where speaking more languages is a bonus , and tourists might tip based on their own rather than estonian customs . 
  putin 's wealth is n't really personal wealth like gates 's or buffet 's wealth . 
  he controls russia , and indirectly all of its state-owned businesses , and has strong influence over private big businesses . 
  but if he leaves office and someone else takes over ( who is not just a puppet like medvedev ) , then he wo n't get to keep much of of any wealth or assets even if they are right now under his `` private '' ownership . 
  anything more than a cozy retirement fund will probably end up nationalised , seized by courts or just `` lost '' in one-sided deals like for https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mikhail_khodorkovsky, 
  i usually try to follow a `` good/helpful '' path first ... then partway through i get worried that i 'm missing out on important or entertaining parts of the story , and read wikis on the most efficient choices or later effects of decisions . 
  this kinda spoils the game . 
  not a big fan of games that have deep branching stories as a result . 
  procedural generation is great for filler or background content . 
  for example , when you have a forest , copy-pasting a thousand identical tree models looks too obvious , but on the other hand nobody has time to hand-craft each tree model . 
  but when you use it on important features like quests , maps , weapons , enemies etc , then it gives you only a small multiple of extra unique content . 
  if you have a hand-made quest or enemy , it looks unique and interesting . 
  if you generate them based on a template , then the first 3 or 4 will look unique and interesting . 
  but after that , the player will learn to notice the patterns , and it 's just more of the same with random numbers . 
  so it does n't help * that * much with reducing developer , designer and artist work . 
  i think a big an exception is heavily multiplayer games . 
  there other human players create the unique `` story '' and `` content '' , so its fine if the maps , enemies , weapons , etc are all similar to each other . 
  this is * impossible * to completely guarantee . 
  if someone can run your real mobile app on a real device , then they can also run the mobile app in a simulator , pause and investigate what it is doing , and mess with the memory or data . 
  if this problem could be completely solved , then cheating in online games or sending spam would not happen ... 
  what you can do is a ) make it more difficult for attackers to figure out how to correctly send fake data , and b ) do some statistical fraud detection on the server side to ban probable fake accounts . 
  some ideas :, 
  * send data over ssl encryption , and use a `` certificate pinning '' to make sure the app does not accept any standard valid ssl certificates . 
  this makes it harder to see what api calls the app is making - a standard network analyzer or proxy wo n't work , they will have to actually decompile or run the app in a simulator . 
  * require some third-party login , for example google or facebook . 
  this makes it more effort to create fake accounts , and easier to ban accounts that have been sending bad data . 
  * integrate something like [ google licensing library ] ( https://developer.android.com/google/play/licensing/index.html ) into the app , and check the signatures on the server for example when starting a new login session . 
  again , this can be faked in a good simulator , but would be a lot of effort in a python script . 
  and presumably google has their own security teams working on making fake licensing requests as difficult as possible . 
  * if it 's something like a game high score table , then do n't just send the final score . 
  send the timestamp and current score every time it changes . 
  on the server , have something that checks the timeline , and ban accounts that level up in score `` too fast '' . 
  he may be technically right , but nobody is checking bars for language skills , and there are plenty of bartenders who do n't speak estonian . 
  in practice the language rules are only applied to government offices and government-funded institutions like schools . 
  and i 'm sure if there is at least one estonian-speaking employee on duty that will be okay even for the strictest possible hardass customer . 
  if you are earning near minimum wage , then the tax-free amounts become important in the calculations . 
  note that the tax-free amount is calculated over a whole year 's income - so if you only work for some months part-time , then even at a higher wage it may be useful . 
  the best calculator for understanding taxes is http://palk.crew.ee/, 
  it 's in estonian only , but the terms there are :, 
  * kogukulu : total cost to the employer . 
  net payout + employee 's income tax + employer 's social security tax + small things .
