  olde hansa is mostly a medieval theme park , not so much a good restaurant . 
  if you are more adventurous , head to the hipster district kalamaja loomelinnak for lots of fantastic restaurants and bars in a one-block area near f-hoone . 
  its about a 20 minute walk from the old town . 
  btw , it 's a small place , so it might be useful to call ahead and book a table . 
  it might not be necessary in the afternoon , but it 's difficult to get a table for a bigger group there later on saturday evenings . 
   they 're only fasting during daylight hours , so they 're probably not going to get dizzy . 
  this gets more interesting in northern europe , where sun might be up for 20 or more hours during ramadan . 
  a muslim friend gave up after a few days and started fasting according to mecca sunrise/sunset instead . 
  however , it 's also dangerous to have an account on a platform which you rarely monitor and update . 
  customers will post questions or complaints on their favourite platform , and if you leave these unattended , it can backfire . 
  i recommend adding a box for location - `` anyone '' includes people from outside the us , 
  what bank was this ? 
  it 's surprising that they would want a physical copy . 
  when i opened a bank account for my company , all they wanted was my id card and the company registration number to look up . 
  the only physical document that banks really need is an id-card or passport to identify you , everything else they can pull directly from the companies registry . 
  note that it does n't change anything about your actual residency or citizenship . 
  it 's just an id card with private encryption keys that allow you to digitally sign documents and log into all government portals , internet banks and so on . 
  the main use case is running a company in estonia ( with pretty generous corporate taxes ) while not being physically in estonia . 
  there might be other use cases , for example as a convenient 2-factor encryption tool , but you could do that with any commercial encryption software . 
   so the bot does n't come after me : florida mexico maine iowa, 
  [ theme song for locationbot ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sd7ureh_rji ), 
  so your argument seems to be that there are enough people desperate enough to work for close to minimum wage , so there is no need to motivate them with anything but fear of losing the job ? 
  there 's a reason why people in various sales jobs are paid commission . 
  perhaps some % of revenue would motivate even people in fast food sales to upsell more , and in the end create * more * profit for the owner ? 
   have you ever worked fast food ? 
  no , but after reading this thread i 'm glad i 've never had to . 
  well , you 've convinced me . 
  perhaps offering bonuses or commission to people in fast food is indeed unnecessary , because everything is regulated , and risk of getting fired is enough to make sure they are followed . 
   how many butter do you think realise that their blockchain is just a specific , very simple , implementation of a merkle tree ? 
  most likely none , they seem to think that satoshi ( praise be unto him ) invented all of computer science and cryptography . 
  there 's an actual non-butt , interesting use case for hash chains / blockchains in document authenticity and timestamping , from years before bitcoin was announced . 
  you take a bunch of documents , and hash them . 
  you hash these hashes together with the previous chain , * and [ publish the today 's final hash in the paper copy of financial times ] ( https://guardtime.com/photos/ft14-2.png ) * . 
  this means that no document can be secretly modified by anyone at all after the paper has gone to print . 
  and there 's no need to pay miners millions of dollars per day to waste electricity to maintain the blockchain . 
  i love their pricing model : free on python 3.3 + , paid if you want 2.7 support , 
  when i was at college , i saw an ad looking for participants in a medical study of marijuana . 
  you would come to the hospital once a week for a few times , smoke weed , do some reaction speed and memory tests on a computer , and get paid # 400 . 
  getting paid # 400 to smoke weed and play computer games sounds like a lot better deal than # 2500 to get malaria . 
  ( i did n't get to participate , it was oversubscribed as expected . ), 
  cdn is a content delivery network . 
  it 's sort of a hosting company that has servers all around the world , and focuses on hosting `` simple files '' for huge traffic loads . 
  you put it as a layer in front of your own servers , so that when an user requests a new file , the cdn fetches it from your server , and then uses their copy for future users . 
  it wo n't really help for pages which change very frequently , or change for each user - but it should be a lot faster and cheaper than standard hosting traffic for the image files . 
  there was an answer , and it was `` you are worrying about the wrong things '' . 
  investors do n't care about stealing your idea , because they are in the business of investing in tens or hundreds of startups , and making sweet profit if some of them succeed . 
  they absolutely do n't want to become business managers for one business themselves . 
  freelance developers do n't care about stealing your idea , because they are in the business of getting paid to work on other people 's ideas . 
  they do n't want to worry about marketing , sales , customer service , or the uncertainty and risk involved with a startup , they just to get paid stable income for their work . 
  and i assure you , every developer has 10 of their own project ideas , but they are n't working on because they actually get paid to work on your idea . 
  you can ask for an nda , but all investors and many developers will refuse to sign one before the business deal is confirmed . 
  they need to know and evaluate your idea before they can decide whether a deal will come out of these discussions at all . 
  in reality , your biggest challenge will be getting people to know and care about your products , not the other way . 
  the more investors you talk to , the more likely you are to get investments . 
  the more developers you talk to , the more likely you are to find the best one to build it . 
  the more people you market it to , the more sales you are likely to make . 
  if your idea is any good , then there are probably already 10 other startup teams around the world building it , without ever having spoken to you . 
  secrecy and going at it alone will hurt you much more than trying to get as much help on board as you can . 
   can i set-up a business in estonia while i 'm noy ( yet ? ), 
  in estonia ? 
  yes , and so far that seems to be the only use case for e-residency . 
  you can get your id card in a foreign embassy , and use it to log into all government and private web portals . 
  you can then register the company , submit tax returns , do online banking , and sign documents from abroad . 
  in practice you would still need to visit estonia at least once to open a bank account for the business - the banks require an id check in person to prevent money laundering . 
  if you do n't have a company or bank accounts in estonia , then you can still in theory use the card for digital signatures on documents or encryption , but i guess most people outside of estonia would just be confused if you send them these files . 
   right now it 's a fancy encryption device and a tech demo . 
  you ca n't really do anything practical with it . 
  yes , * unless you actually have some business or stuff going on in estonia * . 
  if you do , it 's pretty much necessary and extremely useful . 
  shops that are on hv should all be legit enough not to get ripped off at the time of purchase . 
  but there are plenty that will rip you off if you need to get it replaced in warranty in the next 2 years - they 'll delay and investigate it forever , and then decide that it was your own fault that it broke . 
  estonia does not allow dual citizenships , but it also does not allow taking away estonian citizenship from anyone who gets it by birth , and there are no other penalties for it . 
  so if op 's citizenship is considered to be `` by birth '' ( not sure if it is ) , then he can easily have both . 
  btw , i discussed this with a canadian co-worker about 6 years ago . 
  he said that canada `` aggressively allows '' dual citizenships - they think that disallowing dual is wrong , and canadian officials will happily give you fake documentation that you renounced your citizenship . 
  not sure about the actual details , but i 'm sure op can get both after a bit more investigation . 
   why ? 
  because it 's cool to discover more about your history and heritage . 
  and being allowed to live and work anywhere in eu and canada is pretty useful . 
   im half-finnish so every summer i go to finland , they call eesti sometimes for eero . 
  why ? 
  i think that must actually be viro , the finnish name for estonia . 
  not sure where it originally comes from , but there are two counties in eastern estonia named virumaa meaning `` viru-land '' . 
  so if one roommate wants to terminate the lease but the other does not , is there any way to force it ? 
  or could they get stuck in the lease indefinitely ? 
  but that could often take years , possibly even decades . 
  if both roommates are part of the abstract `` the tenant '' , would n't either of them have authority to speak on behalf of the tenant and to terminate the lease ? 
  in principle it works like this :, 
  * you add vat on top of all sales , collect it from the customer , and send it to the government . 
  * when you buy something for the company , you pay the vat to the supplier , supplier sends it to the government , and the government refunds it to you . 
  * you do this approximately every month , so you can pool together all the month 's vat to send to the government and vat refunds , and just send/receive the difference . 
  * the final consumer who is not a business does not get a refund from the government . 
  effectively this means that each link in the supply chain collects vat on the * difference * between expenses and revenue . 
  for the final consumer , it 's similar to a sales tax on the total price . 
  but it 's more resistant to tax avoidance than an equivalent sales tax added only by the last seller : because each link in the supply chain only ends up paying a small amount , it 's less useful to hide it . 
  and because each link wants to get as much vat refunds as possible , they want * their * suppliers to declare vat on the invoices , so each buyer-supplier effectively keeps the next one honest . 
  it gets a whole lot more complicated when you buy/sell stuff across borders in the eu or import/export outside the eu though ... 
  i 'm looking forward to the etf . 
  with the etf , there will finally be a way to short bitcoin on an actual real exchange , with no risk of the exchange running away with your funds . 
  do keep in mind that going from standard django to django rest framework + angularjs or something similar will mean a complete rewrite of the app : entirely new templates , views/forms rewritten as a rest api .
