  it can be nice if you forgot it at a friend 's place , but for thefts its much more useful to have backups and insurance . 
  a cd/dvd drive , wired ethernet port and firewire are pretty niche features to want these days . 
  i 'm sure there are a few people who still care about them , but they would get a better overall deal by buying a modern computer plus external adapters . 
  my guess is that it 's from government agencies , schools or businesses who have a `` standard features list '' in a purchase guide somewhere that still includes one of those . 
  nobody who is spending their own money would buy a `` new '' 2012 pro from apple at full retail price . 
  i do n't know about the background of the coup attempt : could be erdogan 's show all along , could be a real attempt . 
  but it 's not strange at all that the soldiers were easily disarmed . 
  the turkish army is a mostly conscription force . 
  the tank drivers are random 20-year-olds doing their year of service . 
  their commanding officer told them to drive to some location , * maybe * telling them that it 's a coup . 
  in any case they would not have been included in the planning or convincing before it . 
  they are not going to open fire on crowds no more than you would if your boss at work told you to . 
  no worries , i am also just saying how i see things . 
  it will be a while until we hear more real details about the whole event , assuming we can trust the `` investigation '' at all . 
  most tvs have a delay because they do all sort of picture smoothing and `` enhanced '' contrast effects for movies . 
  besides the delay , this will make serious photo or video editing impossible , you ca n't get the colors right . 
  * see if your tv supports `` gaming '' or `` pc '' input mode , see if it is better . 
  these usually reduce or entirely turn off the picture filters . 
  * if not , maybe you can turn off the effects in menus one by one . 
  * if you are willing to pay for it , get a computer monitor that comes color-calibrated out of the factory instead of a tv . 
  they are quite a bit more expensive than similar size and resolution tvs though . 
  certainly do not buy the non-retina pro , it is a 4 year old model and obsolete . 
  unlike / u/orangematz , i think both recent pro 's and the 12 '' inch macbook are both good choices . 
  if you just want a computer for homework , web browsing , office , movies , etc , then the slower 12 '' will be entirely sufficient . 
  the pro has more power and external ports , but the 12 '' model is extremely light and thin for easy carrying . 
  if you can , go to an apple store and have try at lifting them as well ? 
  an [ ibrick ] ( http://www.chip.de/ii/187953856_95bb259f59.jpg ) for $ 99 ? 
  two non-magsafe laptops that i had before my current macbook eventually got damaged by tripping on the cable . 
  a small fall might be okay , but a sideways yank on the power cable ripped the internal power socket off the motherboard . 
  my 13 '' macbook pro from 2013 runs the internal display at 1600p and 2x 1440p @ 60hz monitors on minidisplayport at the same time , so i 'm sure newer models do as well . 
  instead of 2560 \u00d7 1440 , i use the monitors as 2x 1440x2560 . 
  more vertical space = more lines of code on screen that i do n't have to remember at once , 
  us and russia would rather cooperate than let erdogan get hold of nukes . 
  it 's not like russia has a shortage of nukes themselves , but they certainly would not like a nearby about-to-be-islamist-dictatorship have one . 
  uh , channels are not really related to this ? 
  channels will be a good way of running tasks in the background , instead of using celery or similar job queues . 
  `` push notifications '' are about sending an api call to apple and google servers to make them send a push notification to mobile devices . 
  op is looking for a library that would help dealing with these two external apis . 
  it 's probably a good idea to do that in a background task , but other than that there is no relation to channels . 
   at what point do they stop being an asset and start being a liability ? 
  they are still very far from that . 
  saudi arabia and pakistan are much more `` off the rails '' than erdogan 's turkey , but are still treated as allies . 
  and if you for some reason need the `` real gcc '' , it is available from homebrew . 
  i 'm sure you know more details about the situation than we do , but ... 
  `` devious criminals '' are a much easier threat than crazy or angry people . 
  devious criminals are rational , their aim is to make a profit without getting caught . 
  crazy people are unpredictable and wo n't care about self-preservation , they might stab you in broad daylight because `` you insulted their aura '' or something . 
  not saying that there is any reason why this situation might get physical - but even publishing unfounded accusations that are later proven false could harm your husbands career . 
  [ entertaining a cat with a laser pointer ? 
  ] ( http://www.google.com/patents/us5443036 ), 
  yes , exactly . 
  you ca n't `` push '' people with a car . 
   so , protesters are allowed to break the law , and everyone else just has to deal with it ? 
  no they are not allowed to . 
  you call the police , police will come and arrest them , and a court will decide the appropriate punishment if they broke a law . 
  but you ca n't start punishing people for their crimes yourself unless you are defending your own life . 
  totally . 
  you should start selling it in a cards against humanity subscription box ( 20 new cards every week in an envelope ) . 
   it appears that the bulk of western internet commentators think it was a kemalist coup and that kemalists are being purged right now , and that the gulen angle is fake and it is a show . 
  maybe so , but i think this is because western media nor `` internet commentators '' do n't know much at all about gulen or gulenism . 
  all we have heard about in the media for many years is erdogan , maaaybe that there exist other more secular political parties in turkey , and maaaybe read about previous coups on wikipedia . 
  nobody knows about gulen because it 's internal politics of turkey , and unless he gets in power and starts doing something , or says something outrageous , then it just is n't interesting enough news to report about . 
  the international media does n't report much about not-in-power political parties in france , germany , etc either , only what the current government is doing . 
  so to us , gulen seems like `` some old guy in america who erdogan blames for organising a coup from the other side of the world '' . 
  to be honest , i still do n't know much more . 
   it appears much of the western media is going with a pro-gulen angle . 
  i do n't think so . 
  western media is going with both an anti-coup * and * anti-erdogan angle . 
  they do n't approve of a coup because it is undemocratic . 
  and erdogan firing teachers , policemen , university researchers , closing tv stations and newspapers is also undemocratic . 
  all of these seem outrageous actions when you value free speech , freedom to belong to any political groups ( even stupid ones ) and independence of universities . 
  i do n't know enough about what goes on in turkey to say what actions actually should be taken . 
  if i used the viewpoints of media and public * that seem appropriate here * , then the actions would be : investigate individual people who took action during the coup , arrest the military leaders who gave the orders , and take them to court . 
  do nothing about people who support them , either silently or even who publish supporting articles in the media . 
  because taking military action against the government is illegal , but having and being outspoken about anti-government political views is ok . 
  not saying that this would be the best course of action in turkey - but it is the viewpoint that western media and internet commentators are using to judge erdogans actions . 
  i might even become a customer for this . 
  cah needs new cards every few or so games to stay novel and fun . 
  and shipping would be much cheaper than for most boxes , just an envelope in standard post is fine . 
  now that i 've done all the hard work of being an ideas man ^ tm , who wants to handle the small details like marketing , billing , printing , shipping and customer service ? 
  not sure if you 're joking , but us military is actively installing solar power and looking at ways to make vehicles more energy efficient . 
  the reason for this is that the logistics of getting fuel to deployed units is very complicated and expensive . 
  you need a convoy of fuel trucks , with escorts on the ground and in the air , and still get some of those ambushed or blown up by ieds . 
  [ an article ] ( http://www.cnbc.com/2014/12/17/you-know-whos-not-getting-cheap-gas-the-us-military.html ) claims that the total cost of fuel after all transport and protection around the world for the us military is $ 400 / gallon . 
  and that 's in wars where you have complete control of air and mostly in control of the ground - in historical wars entire armies were stopped and defeated because the enemy cut off their fuel supply . 
  so sustainable electric tanks would be very exciting for the military , because it reduces reliance on fuel logistics . 
  coding bootcamps can be a questionable investment * if you are paying for it yourself * . 
  but op is getting it for free . 
  so the only risk is in giving up the retail job and living on savings for 4 months . 
  in the worst case , if the bootcamp ends up being useless ( unlikely ) , then he can look for another retail job after that . 
   should i wait for the new pro , even if it means going the first month of my masters program without a new computer ? 
  i would wait ... but of course there is no guarantee that the macbooks will be released in october . 
  it 's been `` 3 months away '' for 9 + months now . 
   will it be more expensive buying in the uk as opposed to the us ? 
  yes . 
  usually 20 % value added tax , plus any extra that companies add on `` just because '' . 
  right now macs look about $ 100-200 more expensive in the uk store , which is surprising because it 's less than 20 % - apple must not have updated the prices to match the falling gbp exchange rate ? 
  ordering from the us by post is a bad idea , then you will still need to pay taxes + processing fees in customs . 
  best way to import is having a friend bring one over ( and opening the box beforehand so it does n't look like commercial import ) . 
   will i be able to get it with a us keyboard layout ?
