  * patents for inventions . 
  these usually have to be a non-obvious mechanical device , a drug formula , or similar `` thing '' - and never been published before . 
  * copyright for creative and artistic works . 
  but it protects only * copying * the expression of the work as it exists on paper or words or bytes . 
  if someone creates their own work from the same idea but without copying your images or words , it 's not covered . 
  the only real protection for a business idea is being the best in the market . 
  get a trademark for your chosen name , and build a good reputation for that name . 
  but nobody is going to want to `` steal '' an idea for a charity . 
  it 's difficult enough to get people to care enough to donate $ 5 , let alone organise and run their own charities . 
  yes , exactly . 
  each frame gets a separate flash of light , and the camera takes pictures one trillionth of a second later after the flash for each frame . 
  no need to worry , the overwhelming majority of the people there used paypal instead . 
  sole proprietorship ( fie ) is one of the worst forms of business in estonia . 
  you are personally liable for all of the business , you have to pay social security tax on all business income , and plenty of more disadvantages . 
  it 's particularly pointless if you have an o\u00dc as well . 
  there are two good ways to structure your situation . 
  ** do the regular contracting as your o\u00dc , and pay yourself an usual employee salary from your o\u00dc . 
  ** this is probably the most economical option . 
  the total taxes on employee salaries and fie are pretty much the same ( total ~ 40 % of the income ) . 
  but you can choose how much salary you need monthly . 
  the remainder you can take out as dividend ( no social tax , so just 21 % ) after the end of the business year . 
  note that if your company offers services and makes a profit , while having no employees at all , the tax office ( maksuamet ) will get bitchy . 
  if you pay the legal minimum as salary for an obviously highly-skilled professional to get health insurance , then they will also get bitchy . 
  i do n't think they can actually legally do something about it , but something a bit above the estonian national average would be safer . 
  ** do other stuff as your o\u00dc , and have some other company pay you a salary . 
  ** this way you still have health insurance and get a regular monthly income . 
  not sure how much tax needs to be paid if a finnish company pays an estonian resident working in estonia . 
  but if this was an employer in estonia , then the total taxes would be similar to being a fie , but you get a lot more legal protection , and it 's easier to manage . 
  the downsides compared to option 1 is that if you may need to pay higher finnish taxes if the employer is in finland , and you ca n't choose the split between salary and dividend yourself . 
  tl ; dr : do n't be a sole proprietorship ( fie ) . 
  edit : and as the other posters , i do recommend finding a local accountant . 
  the fees for a small consulting/contracting business should be less than 50 eur per month , and you should get some free initial consultations . 
  it 's entirely possible to figure them all out and do your taxes yourself if you spend a day or two reading about the relevant laws , but it 's worth it for the peace of mind . 
  an accountant will also keep track of all the deadlines for submitting forms and documents , so you do n't have to . 
  social tax is 33 % , calculated as `` on top of '' the including-income-tax salary ( brutopalk ) . 
  there 's a good calculator at http://palk.crew.ee/, 
  you can enter one of three main numbers :, 
  * * kogukulu * - total expenses to the employer , or total business income of a fie . 
  * * brutopalk * - salary including income tax , but not social tax . 
  * * netopalk * - final amount that the employee gets to their bank account after all taxes . 
  this * brutopalk * is usually the number given in contracts . 
  but it 's a weird number , because it 's something between what the employee gets , and what the total cost to the employer is . 
  in reality , the two useful numbers are * kogukulu * and * netopalk * . 
  please do update us with the response from the queen if you actually send her an offer . 
  the article does not have this headline ( any more ? 
  ) , and there is no mention of the airasia flight . 
  besides , is there * supposed * to be some sort of connection ? 
  sort of . 
  yes , any valid business expenses can be paid out of the incoming money without any income/social/dividend tax on it . 
  but i suspect that if you live in the same apartment , then you ca n't expense the * entire * rent and utility bills , only the proportion that 's the home office . 
  for these deductions , you really should get a local accountant . 
  they will be able to advise you on a bunch of other things that you might be able to list as tax-free business expenses : partial car use compensation for business trips , taking business partners and clients to restaurants , and perhaps other things . 
   the main reason why a freely contested commercial launch would n't go to spacex is reliability . 
  i think they are getting there in terms of looking reliable . 
  but a good reason for choosing other providers right now is overbooking . 
  spacex has something around 30-50 launches on the planned manifest , and this year they managed six launches . 
  in 2013 , they had just three launches . 
  spacex really needs to get their launch rate up to clear the manifest and attract new customers who want their satellites to arrive in space in this decade . 
  pmed . 
   that would mean that 7.5 % of their donors see the link ( which is small and placed somewhere else in the page ) , know what bitcoin is , associate it to scam and decide to not donate . 
  it does n't mean that 7.5 % people see `` bitcoin '' , think it 's a scam , and leave . 
  but all text on the page adds potential effort and confusion , and every link on the page adds potential for misclicks . 
  even if people are completely unaware of bitcoin and scams , it 's possible that :, 
  * maybe some people filled out the donation form , then saw the link `` donate with bitcoin '' , only thought about the `` donate ... '' part , ended up on a confusing page about something called `` bitcoin '' , and gave up . 
  * maybe some people saw `` donate with bitcoin '' , googled `` what is bitcoin '' , and ended up spending an hour following links on wikipedia and forgot entirely about the donation . 
  overall , every sentence of text , every form field and every link makes the process more confusing and slower for the user when you really want to direct them to the final `` pay now '' button . 
  for example , note how amazon 's site changes after you press the `` checkout '' button - all menus , search boxes , etc are removed to remove all opportunities for the user to browse away from the checkout process and potentially forget completing the order . 
  far-fetched or not , being reusable is really the entire reason why sstos could ever be useful . 
  a multi-stage rocket is always going to have higher performance when taking off from earth or even mars , because carrying empty fuel tanks to orbit is wasted mass that could have been extra payload instead . 
  but rockets are expensive , so if you could bring all of the rocket back , then you might potentially save money . 
  sstos are one idea of how to bring all the parts back , by avoiding staging and dropping expensive parts in the ocean . 
  the space shuttle sort of partially attempted this - it discarded simple solid boosters and a big simple fuel tank on the way , but the most expensive components ( main engines , navigation computers , etc ) were part of the reusable orbiter . 
  but in the end , maintenance and refurbishment costs were still far too expensive . 
  if spacex gets first-stage re-use to work , and if it turns out to be economical , then a ssto starts looking even less useful . 
  with that approach , you avoid dropping 60-70 % of the cost of the rocket ( first-stage engines ) in the ocean , but still get the performance benefits of staging . 
   i wonder if they could pay him enough that it would be worth his while, 
  while possible in theory , most likely even negotiating this would be a waste of time . 
  it would be a somewhat hostile negotiation - even if they agree on a sum , then the neighbours will start harassing op with every possible hoa rule afterwards to get back at him . 
  and they would not agree to pay enough to actually make up for the harassment . 
  it 's also possible that the neighbours would take anything said during the negotiations out of context , and attempt to use it as evidence that the op agreed to be part of the hoa even if they do n't reach an agreement . 
  it 's much easier to just refuse clearly and concisely right away . 
   pasta for those who ca n't be arsed registering, 
  you can read ft ( and most other paywalled newspapers ) by googling the title of the article , and following the link from google . 
  i understood it as that the ex-wife * is * paying child support based on the $ 51k potential salary . 
  but she actually received $ 111k in regular monthly payments from her boyfriend . 
  the question is whether this counts as income , and if the child support amount could be increased to be based on the $ 111k received . 
  not so sure , especially if op * wins * ? 
  it might motivate the boyfriend to stop transferring his money to the ex-wife this visibly , and motivate the ex-wife to start a new case to reduce the child support calculation down from $ 111k to possibly something below $ 51k ? 
  spacex is not working on anything other than conventional rockets to get to orbit . 
  ( i.e. 
  no space elevator ) - does this also apply to ion engine technology once in orbit ? 
  i suppose it does apply . 
  ion engines are useful only for satellites and robotic missions that can thrust slowly over years and decades , but not for launches , landings or anything manned . 
  there 's no reason to spend their engineers ' limited time on technology that 's only tangential to their mars plans . 
  companies building satellites and space agencies building robotic missions can work on ion engines instead . 
  my impression was that the bfr is the new launcher , and mct is the `` whole system '' for going to and back from mars . 
  sort of like saturn v vs. the apollo program . 
  in theory , sure . 
  but in practice it can be very challenging to make a profit with arbitrage . 
  if there 's two exchanges with a * low * and * high * price , then you would buy bitcoin on * low * , move it to * high * , and sell it there .
