i would really like to hear the context for this . 
  is it an actual issue or concern ? 
  the entire `` if you like knitting , open a yarn shop '' suggestion sounds incredibly dumb . 
  * i do n't knit ... but are there really enough people buying yarn to support a specialized yarn shop ? 
  people who can wait a few weeks will get it from china on ebay , people who can wait a few days will get it from amazon , people who are n't yarn connoisseurs will get it from walmart . 
  i 'd think that only hipsters who need `` gluten-free '' yarn right now would go to a yarn shop . 
  * okay , if there are customers , you still need tens or maybe hundreds of thousands of dollars to get started . 
  you need to buy yarn from suppliers , to rent a place , to get a credit card terminal , to get insurance , etc. 
  none of them are going to accept `` i 'll pay you later when i have customers '' from a first-time entrepreneur . 
  * okay , if you get the shop running , and even make enough money to pay yourself a salary . 
  now you 're spending all your days and nights running the business , negotiating with suppliers , catering to bitchy customers , managing employees . 
  there is no time left over for knitting . 
  if you like knitting , get a job as a night security guard at some boring place , and knit all night . 
  any large university with a psychology or medicine department will have tons of these studies going on . 
  regarding `` safer '' , it 's not at all * unsafe * to speak russian . 
  if you leave the impression that you think that `` all eastern europeans are russians and obviously can speak russian '' , you might offend non-russians . 
  but they will just be quietly offended , not in any unsafe way , 
  if you start with `` can you help me practice russian ? 
  '' , it 's all good . 
  but a lot of younger people might know less russian than you do , and most people would be looking forward to practicing their english as well !, 
  it 's pretty cool to watch their banners , drummers , etc. 
  the singing starts when the last choir arrives at the festival grounds . 
  * bring comfortable walking shoes , and expect to walk everywhere on the main day . 
  many streets will be closed for the procession , public transit will be packed full , and it will be completely impossible to get a taxi . 
  * not related to the festival , but taxies are mostly unregulated and scams are very common . 
  :( check the window for prices before you sit into a taxi ( there are some tourist-baiters who charge 10x the usual rates ) , and also ask for an approximate expected total fare . 
  the ones you find from the street in front of the harbour or night clubs are the worst . 
  if you do n't have a local friend with you , consider using the [ taxify app ] ( http://taxify.eu/ ) ( drivers are afraid of bad reviews ) or ordering [ tallink taxi ] ( http://www.tallinktakso.ee/front-page ) ( twice as expensive as cheap taxis but supposedly less scammy ) . 
  while i agree that entities other than the government restricting free speech is a bad thing , there 's a difference between `` restricting '' and `` not helping out with '' . 
  companies should not be restricting free speech - but they do n't have a moral obligation to offer you a server platform or an audience for it either . 
  if you want to speak completely freely , make your own web page on https://www.nearlyfreespeech.net , and invite people to read it . 
  but usually the loudest complainers are n't after looking for free speech . 
  they are looking for the biggest audience to spread their bs among . 
  an audience and community that other people worked hard on creating , often exactly by moderating speech to a particular topic or quality . 
  people living in houses with windows towards the park could also see if children are alone in the park . 
  people living across the street from you could also see if your house is empty . 
  why not also try to get them evicted just in case they might be `` inclined to commit a crime '' ? 
  just because he lives in his car does n't mean he 's a potential criminal any more than you or your neighbours are . 
  [ rock simulator ] ( http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=274135797 ) takes it to the absurd conclusion . 
  the main issue is that there are two court cases here : the first 1-gram one and the second 5-gram one . 
  you have already been on trial , plead guilty , and sentenced for 45 days in jail for the first one . 
  the sentence was suspended * with conditions * for the probation period , but you did not follow these conditions . 
  since this trial is already over , there may be very little your lawyer can do . 
  you ca n't generally go back and argue for a change to the sentence of a completed trial . 
  your lawyer may be able to help you much more with the second , 5-gram case , which is separate from the first . 
   estate agents work the same way - if you give mandate for the sale of your house to an agent , then sell it privately on gumtree , the agent will be entitled to their commission - regardless of their having probably done no work - because you signed a contract with them that stated this . 
  sure , but that 's then between the landlord and the agency . 
  if the tenant did not sign any agreements with the agency , and the fees were not listed in the lease , then they have no reason to pay the agents . 
   about camping , do we need t find a camping place , or is wild camping authorized ? 
  in theory you need the land-owner 's permission ( except for designed camping places on state-owned land ) . 
  but in practice i 've never heard of people planning for this , or getting in trouble for `` wild camping '' . 
  there is a lot of state-owned land in estonia , and in the countryside houses can be tens of kilometers apart . 
  nobody will complain or even notice . 
  if you avoid people 's fenced backyards , maintained fields with crops , and places with a sign `` eramaa '' ( private property ) you 'll be fine . 
  10 meters from the waterline on a beach are also mandatory public access places , even on private land ( but just for walks , not camping i think ) . 
  btw , there are a bunch of `` nature houses '' and official campspots listed at http://loodusegakoos.ee/kuhuminna/voimaluste-otsing . 
  houses with saunas , showers , etc are available for a fee , and just wooden huts with a fireplace are free . 
   also , you mentioned wildlife , is this something we should keep in mind when being in the mainland ? 
  there are some wolves , boars , bears , moose in the mainland woods , but they stay far away from population and are afraid of people . 
  i do n't think anyone has been attacked by a wild animal in my lifetime . 
  be careful when driving between dusk and dawn though , as crashing into a moose or deer crossing a road does happen now and then . 
  mosquitos are the only really annoying wildlife !, 
  i do n't see why self-driving cars would not surpass humans in rain , ice and snowstorms in perhaps 3-5 years . 
  humans can see and drive in snow , so there 's no inherent reason why cameras and other sensors would not . 
  the prototype cars on the road today might not be ready for it , but it 's just a question of writing better computer vision software . 
  also , self-driving cars could :, 
  * use radar , different wavelengths of light , information from other cars that humans ca n't see at all ,, 
  * control the braking , power and steering of each wheel independently , which no human can cope with ,, 
  * not panic and shit themselves when spinning out at high speed , and continue with the best damage control they can . 
  one thing that might be different is that self-driving cars would have a more accurate estimate of risk , and be configured to allow much lower risk than humans currently drive at . 
  it seems to me that people who drive 90 + km/h in a snowstorm are not actually `` in control '' , just lucky not to encounter any surprises . 
  if self-driving cars slow down enough to be actually able to stop for unexpected obstructions , they might seem annoyingly slow . 
  sure , but after tutoring a few beginners , it seems that some the hardest concepts for beginners to get over are :, 
  * the entire idea that code runs line-by-line ,, 
  * mutability and that variables can change their value , instead of being labels for constants like in maths ,, 
  * for loops and any other jumps `` backwards '' in the control flow . 
  python is great for teaching these , even though perhaps a purely functional language would make more sense ... pointers and memory management should be easy once you can actually write small programs . 
  negative mass and momentum do not happen at all on any level as far as we know . 
  it 's an interesting mathematical thought experiment , but no evidence for it 's existence has ever been found . 
  the problem with `` first goal wins '' rules is that it takes a lot more energy and running around to attack , compared to defending . 
  goalies might be the least tired players after a long game . 
  so the longer the game drags on , the more difficult scoring new goals might become ? 
   make the second extra time 30m a sudden death `` golden goal '' period where the first goal wins and ends the game . 
  as each team gets increasingly fatigued , one eventually makes a mistake . 
  the problem with that seems to be that it takes much more energy and running around to attack rather than stay near the goal defending . 
  the goalies might be the least tired players after a long game . 
  so scoring might get even more difficult ? 
  something like 5v5 with no goalkeepers , instead of the 5v5 penalties might be fun though ... 
  in a larger picture , they are more like partners . 
  crs contracts are a small side-project for orbital , most of their business is in building satellites . 
  cheap rockets from spacex is great news for them , as it means more customers with more budget for satellites . 
  two issues i noticed :, 
  * first , you group all types of copyrighted materials ( software , games , music , full movies , tv shows , porn , books , etc ) together . 
  it 's likely that people would have different opinions depending on the type of creative works . 
  * the technical impacts of bittorrent . 
  unlike the old times when few enthusiasts uploaded , and most people downloaded files , everyone participating in bittorrent has to upload slices of the same file that they are downloading to others . 
  you should distinguish responses based on their motivation for uploading : are they doing it intentionally , or just because they want to download a copy of the file from bittorrent for themselves ? 
  it 's not just about different files - for bittorrent , you must upload small chunks of the same file that you are currently downloading to other users . 
  there is no central server , it 's all between individual participants ' computers . 
  a movie might be split into a 100 or 1000 chunks .
