  yes if you order online , retail stores probably wo n't have it in stock though . 
   if i were to buy a new laptop now instead , should i get a 13 '' rmbp , or a maxed out 12 '' rmb ? 
  for data science , rmbp for sure . 
  data science is one area where you really see the benefits of having more memory ( * really * speeds up some big calculations ) , more disk space ( expect to download 10 or 50 gb datasets now and then ) . 
  more cpu speed also helps - but probably not enough to get the extra paid upgrades on the rmbp over the standard version . 
  it would be easy ... once . 
  countries can expel diplomats , or the entire embassy if another state starts abusing the immunity . 
  but even if the concept feels wrong , it is very useful . 
  diplomatic contacts are most useful between hostile countries , to keep governments talking and negotiating rather than fighting . 
  but no diplomat would want to travel to a hostile country with a very different legal system if there was a risk of being arrested on made up charges . 
  my general theology class at school was a lot of fun . 
  80 % of the time was spent on egyptian , greek and roman gods , and all the debauchery and incest they got on with . 
  it 's close but not entirely unregulated either . 
   you want to waste as little time as possible with bureaucracy ; for example you do n't want to do any external accounting, 
  you need to file monthly reports for vat and salary/dividend payments , only yearly reports otherwise . 
  the monthly reports are fairly simple and ask for just total numbers ( about 5 boxes to fill ) . 
  the yearly reports are longer , but not more than an afternoon of work if you have internal accounting in some sort of standard software . 
   you want to pay taxes only on the money that you decide to not reinvest, 
  this is the case in estonia - and pretty rare elsewhere i think . 
  you only pay tax on profit the company makes when you pay out dividends to the owners . 
   you want to be hard for someone to sue the company or find out much about it, 
  not really the case at all . 
  the yearly reports that * all * companies file are public , just behind a 4 eur paywall . 
  everyone can look up the owners , their share allocations , yearly revenue , profit , asset balance , debts , etc total numbers for all private companies and nonprofits . 
  not individual business partners and transactions , but still the yearly totals . 
  suing can be tricky in the sense that you may need to hire a local lawyer , but other than that the courts work reasonably well . 
  there are some it projects ongoing to make it easier to sue people across eu internal borders as well . 
  most people want the courts to be fast and efficient , why are you are looking for a jurisdiction where it would be hard to find and sue you ? 
   from what i understand , regardless of the location of the startup , i 'll still have to add vat when selling to european customers . 
  this is a bureaucracy that you ca n't live without , right ? 
  not if you are outside of the eu yourself . 
  then it 's the buyers responsibility to declare and pay vat on `` imports '' . 
  customs charges these when you receive packages by post , but for digital goods nobody does it . 
  if you are in the eu , then you have yearly revenue limits under which you do n't need to add or pay vat . 
  in estonia it 's going to be 40k eur starting next year , and in the uk it 's 83k gbp . 
  if you stick them on a letter , then sure . 
  context for this new stamp :, 
  in 1991 , usps released a [ series of stamps ] ( http://arago.si.edu/category_2041277.html ) on planetary exploration . 
  the stamp with pluto said '' [ not yet explored ] ( http://arago.si.edu/record_192129_img_1.html ) '' . 
  nasa scientists attached the stamp to the new horizons probe that finally explored pluto last year : http://www.astronomy.com/year-of-pluto/2015/06/postage-for-pluto-a-29-cent-stamp-pissed-off-scientists-enough-they-tacked-it-to-new-horizons, 
   while the concept behind warp drive does work , in practice we neither understand how to make it work - we have no means by which to manipulate gravity and space time other than mass , and certainly not to the scale necessary to allow ` warp drive ' - nor do we have the means to produce the necessary power . 
  i do n't think it 's valid to say that the `` concept behind the warp drive does work '' . 
  there are some mathematical equations which would allow a warp drive , using matter with * negative mass * . 
  surprisingly , most physics equations still make some sense when mass can be negative . 
  but negative mass has been never observed , and there is no reason to believe that it actually exists . 
  so it 's not just a case of waiting for the next 100 or 1000 years of engineering progress - it could remain impossible forever in our universe . 
   how fast is the current 13 inch retina mbp in day to day use or programming/rendering ? 
  for pretty much any type of programming , fast enough . 
  for 3d rendering , not sure . 
  if you want a great graphics card , then no laptop will compare to desktops . 
   i know nobody knows the specs of the new processor yet , but in previous history , has the performance changed much going to the next generation on the same price tier ? 
  according to these benchmarks , there has been only a very mild increase in performance . 
  maybe 10 % or so . 
  2013 , 2014 and 2015 models all tend to be mixed together depending on the cpu upgrade chosen . 
  not an expert , but my understanding is that the recent years ' performance improvements have been mostly due to faster ssds , not cpu . 
   this sounds dangerously close to , `` well no one 's ever seen gravity so it do n't real son ! '', 
  i do n't think that 's the case at all . 
  we `` see '' gravity every day when we do n't float away into space . 
  there 's hundreds of years of observations and experiments that match the theory for newtonian , and in extreme conditions the general relativity version of gravity . 
  for negative mass there are none so far - not even any observations of `` something funny going on '' that would be best explained by negative mass existing . 
  the only thing is that we can put a minus sign into equations that we have for positive mass , and they do n't blow up too much . 
  but it 's similar to putting a minus sign in front of * time * in equations . 
  they make sense if you imagine an alternate universe with time running backwards ( not time travel jumps , actually all processes running backwards , effects creating causes , and so on ) . 
  the maths might be consistent , but it might be just an accidental result that has no meaning in physical reality . 
  or it might one day turn out to be a real thing - plenty of particles have been discovered in the last 100 years that were predicted by equations before experimentally observed . 
  but in a philosophical sense , i disagree with currently believing in physics that has no experimental observations just because it would allow a future with sweet warp drives and sexy aliens . 
  that sounds dangerously close to `` there is no evidence of god , but i really want it to be real . '', 
  it makes sense to keep making observations and experiments , and to keep changing your beliefs based on these observations - but until some new evidence arrives , the most correct version of `` reality '' is based on what we have seen so far . 
   we 've read that it is not so much a major crime to explore these abandoned places like it would be in the us . 
  in the us you could get arrested as going anywhere that is `` private property '' even if you are not doing anything bad is super off-limits . 
  whomever owns the property is scared they will get sued so they make sure that security is tight . 
  i 've never heard of anyone being arrested for exploring abandoned buildings . 
  the worst might be getting shouted at by security or police and asked to leave . 
  they will be more lenient when they notice that you are a tourist and `` did n't know you 're not supposed to be there '' as well . 
  the abandoned soviet military bases are probably owned by local or state government . 
  a good portion of the countryside is state forest which anyone can visit , and even on private forests and unkept fields there is a right to roam if there is no sign against it . 
  in general , as long as you avoid maintained buildings and people 's yards , you will be fine exploring . 
  the argument is that it takes considerable fuel ( or some other energy ) to land a big ship on a planet , and then to lift it with all the materials off the planet again . 
  it 's easier to grab smaller bits that are floating around in orbit like asteroids . 
  which makes sense with the technology and physics we know about now . 
  but any aliens might have * billions * of years of evolution and technology development ahead of us . 
  understanding the motivation and behaviour of these aliens could be as difficult for us as it 's for a fish to understand why humans play pokemon go . 
  what 's the big building ? 
  putting complex code directly in the . py modules ( outside of functions / classes ) is almost always a bad idea . 
  * it might run at an unexpected time - whenever some module that you use imports another that imports another . 
  * it might run before the rest of the app is set up properly - in this case , myexistingmodel might not yet be ready to be used , if the import happens before django.setup ( ) has completed . 
  * it might run multiple times in some cases . 
  if you want to do one-time setup on application startup , not inside views , then write a [ ready \\ ( \\ ) ] ( https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.9/ref/applications/#django.apps.appconfig.ready ) function for your appconfig . 
  if you need to use models and query the database there , then consider making the view check a global variable and setting it once . 
  then it does n't run until needed , but only runs once . 
  something like, 
  data_cache = none, 
  def myview ( request ) :, 
  global data_cache, 
  if data_cache is none :, 
  data_cache = ... 
  there are opencoffee meetups once per month : https://www.facebook.com/occtallinn/, 
  garage48 has 48-hour hackathons every few months : http://garage48.org/, 
  the reason for xml 's structure is that it 's origins are a * text document * markup language , not a plain text format for * data structures * . 
  for example , it can express things like,
