  it 's not * that * far-fetched that the valves & pumps in the water system are internet connected . 
  coming soon to your city , ~ ~ ctos ~ ~ cisco smart communities http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/solutions/industries/smart-connected-communities.html, 
  the retina resolution displays are something that you do n't realise that you want , until you have tried one for a few hours . 
  it 's like having a second monitor for the first time : one was just fine for years , but once you 've tried two , you ca n't ever go back . 
  it 's not for art/photography - i 'd say the extra clarity benefits * reading text * the most , its easier and more comfortable . 
  as a result , you can turn down the font size and fit more lines of code on the screen at once . 
  it 's a money transfer service , cheaper than usual international transfers . 
  for example , you send usd from your to their american bank account , and they send eur from their to the destination estonian bank account . 
  if you live in a country that uses euro , then you can almost certainly do the transfer directly from your online banking website . 
  if somewhere else , then transferwise is a good option . 
  most products ' reliability follows a [ bathtub curve ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bathtub_curve ) :, 
  * at first , failures are higher due to possible manufacturing faults ,, 
  * after long-term use , failures are higher due to components wearing out ,, 
  * expected reliability is highest in units that have survived moderate amount of use . 
  so once the whole falcon 9 recovery and refurbishment process is perfected , and if the expected lifetime is much more than 2 flights , then it could be that the insurance payments are the lowest for flights number 2-4 or so . 
  higher at first , and higher after reaching the wear-out range . 
  tele2 and elisa do n't have such packages either . 
  they have some discounts where you pay a monthly fee to get 10-30 % cheaper calls to some few countries . 
  but it 's still going to be 0.40 - 0.60 euros per minute . 
  but skype does !, 
  the per minute costs are much lower , or you can get unlimited packages for everything except calling swiss mobile phones . 
  it works like this : you use skype on your phone or computer , they transfer the call over the internet to france or switzerland , and then finish the call over the local phone network there . 
  for your family , it will look like an usual phone call from a blocked number . 
   really there are heaps of career actors that make a living on small roles or doing jobs that are n't mainstream blockbuster hollywood, 
  how many of them get enough jobs to make a living out of acting though , without requiring another job to pay the bills ? 
  not a rhetorical question , just have no idea . 
  another thing i 've realised after 10 years of working is that * your coworkers * are much more important to happiness at work than the work itself . 
  a boring and mundane job can be much more fulfilling with fun co-workers , than an `` interesting '' job with terrible management and office drama . 
  i do n't think there are solid numbers yet . 
  i recall reading that the engines are designed for 40 restarts , and anywhere between 10 to 100 re-uses of the stage being proposed . 
  but all these were from before they recovered it for the first time . 
  i guess by the end of the year we should know more about what they have discovered from inspecting the condition of the recovered stages . 
  you ca n't just mention the [ roo ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/4nakly/this_tiny_bird_nicked_a_chip_off_our_plate_in/d42mana ) without linking to a previous roo . 
  at `` small '' distances , gravity is stronger than the expansion , and keeps things together . 
  `` small '' means entire galaxies and clusters of nearby galaxies . 
  when you get to even bigger distances , gravity is too weak , and the distance does not stay the same . 
  yes , you still have to pay back the loans . 
  but depending on the country , and how much you owe , they might not bother trying to collect it . 
  they will have to go to court in the new country and prove to a local judge that you owe them to be able to take money out of paychecks or bank accounts there . 
  maybe they will in canada , but i think its very unlikely that anyone would bother in india , italy or so on . 
  getting any loans in the new country will be difficult . 
  regardless of having any current loans , you wo n't have any credit history there , and you will be considered a risk , because you might move back home any time without paying it back . 
  they wo n't automatically know about your us loans - but they will ask , and lying is fraud . 
  this is still a bad plan though , if you ever want to come back home and earn any money again . 
  have you found any good ones that have been translated to english ? 
  they could , but why would they ? 
  there is no cost to the nro for over-classifying things , whereas accidentally publishing too much will be a risk and will get someone fired . 
  it 's easier for them to mark everything as classified , rather than spend time figuring out what should and what should not be . 
  and i 'm sure spies like giving other spies small puzzles to keep them busy for a few days . 
  the original source data is somewhere around 1-2 million database rows . 
  the graphs can be drawn with about 100 data points each . 
  i suppose i could use some javascript plotting framework instead of matplotlib , although it would be nice to keep the existing code i have already for plotting all this offline from command line . 
  he used two more numbers : elon 's comment on thrust at liftoff , and an estimated thrust-to-weight ratio at liftoff . 
  * thrust-to-weight ratio must be more than 1 for the rocket to lift off the pad . 
  typical values range from 1.17 for the saturn v , 1.4 for falcon 9 , and 1.5 for the space shuttle . 
  his guess at 1.24 is reasonable ( also note below ) . 
  * thrust / twr = mass, 
  * somewhere around 90-95 % of the rocket 's liftoff mass will be fuel : methane and oxygen . 
  they are burned at a known ratio . 
  from mass , and the average density of methane and oxygen in the required proportions , you get the volume of the rocket . 
  * it 's most likely a cylinder , so from volume and diameter you get height . 
  note about twr : if it 's higher than the guess , then the mass will be less , and the rocket actually even shorter and fatter . 
  all these numbers could be off by 10-20 % ... but the two numbers with most uncertainty are still actually the elon 's mentioned numbers for thrust and diameter . 
  these could be from different designs , and could have radically changed as the design evolves . 
  setting up a windows and linux dual-booting computer where both oses can read each others disks , or external hard drives used to be a real pain . 
  curiously though i think it 's much less of a concern nowadays . 
  not because of better interoperability , but because of the cloud ^ tm . 
  if you need to transfer files between computers , even in the same room , most people just use dropbox or email it to themselves rather than plug in storage device with a cable . 
  the dataset updates much more often than once per minute . 
  but i guess i do n't actually need to-the-second live updates on the graphs , updating them every 10 or 20 minutes will be fine . 
  so i suppose this is the easiest way to solve it . 
  make a new empty migration : https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.9/topics/migrations/#data-migrations, 
  add runsql operations : https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.9/ref/migration-operations/#runsql, 
  migrations containing runsql and runpython will not be automatically squashed ( as django can not know if it 's safe to do so ) . 
  where is the rumbling noise still coming from ? 
  launch pad ambiance ? 
  first stage ? 
  second stage ? 
   if i create a precise agenda , and lay out specifically what needs to be added , it will be protected as intellectual property ? 
  and would i have to create and code the `` genuine '' part of the application from the ground up ? 
  your agenda text will be protected . 
  and if you actually create the application , that will be protected . 
  but the * ideas * in either of them are not , google can still look at your agenda or app , and ask their engineers to make something that works just the same way , as long as they do n't directly copy text or source code from your app . 
  if you want to protect an invention , then you need to get a patent . 
  this can take a few years and upwards of $ 10000 , and it can be invalidated if they can show that the idea is too obvious , or someone has already published the same idea before . 
  there really is n't a quick way to `` tell a big company a good idea , get paid '' . 
  the realistic way to do that is to start your own company , build this app or service , and become so popular that they decide to buy you out . 
  the far away video on a previous flight was taken by a nasa plane , only available for nasa missions . 
  yes , if you are applying for a patent , then that is one of the rare situations where keeping the details secret is important . 
  patent applications are rejected for inventions which have been published ( by you or someone else ) before filing the application . 
  but this does not mean that potential clients , investors , or anyone else will care . 
  nobody will sign the nda unless there is an immediate benefit to it for them . 
  so first of all , try to get the patent application submitted as soon as possible . 
  until then , maybe get your lawyer to prepare you a nda if people agree to it , but also figure out how much of your invention you * can * tell people without risking your patent application . 
  exactly . 
  the dao is a smart contract , which is supposed to precisely describe the intended actions and results without further oversight . 
  the `` hacker '' is not `` hacking '' anything , they are just using the smart contract as it was written . 
  forking eth to undo the hack destroys the core point of smart contracts . 
  then they are n't independent , distributed , autonomous or so on any more - it 's back to the usual `` some guy with enough power will decide the outcome '' . 
  the only difference is that a few developers and miners are in charge , instead of ( mostly ) democratically elected politicians and judges .
