  then you can ask lets say 450 a day ... but you 're on ur own for the rest . 
  i do freelance software work , and it certainly pays well . 
  not `` 450 a day '' , but still more than a regular salary . 
  but i would not recommend it as the first job out of school . 
  you learn a lot faster when working together with more experienced people , and freelancing is a very lonely career . 
  and when freelancing , you need to find your own clients , so a portfolio of work and personal contacts are a must . 
  when first starting out , it will be very difficult to find projects , until you get to the point where past clients recommend you to their friends . 
  so at first it would be better to take an usual job for a few years , learn as much as you can from others there , then start building a few hobby projects that you can publish and show off on the weekends , and then start asking around to build these projects for clients . 
  quit the regular job only once you have enough projects coming in to fill more than your evenings and weekends . 
  17:00 utc for the rest of the world . 
  pivotal tracker is pretty unique among planning tools in that it does n't let you assign high/medium/low priorities to tasks . 
  instead , all tasks end up in a list * ordered * by priority . 
  no two tasks can have equal priority , you have to place them above or below each other . 
  it also tells you how many weeks away are you from completing each feature based on the order . 
  this can be a huge help in environments where everything has `` high '' priority and developers are unsure what to actually prioritise , or where new `` highest '' priority tasks are added often while expecting lower priority ones to stay on schedule . 
   there 's still going to be a huge outcry when it eventually happens . 
  no worries , apple has * courage * to do it . 
  besides the usual websites that others have mentioned , there is http://www.workinestonia.com/, 
  this is a government pr website aimed at attracting skilled immigrants . 
  as a result , it mostly has technology job ads , and i assume that companies advertising there would be fine with non-estonian-speaking employees . 
  although this is why removing the headphone jack * now * is a terrible decision . 
  when they finally upgrade to usb-c , all those lightning headphones are going to be useless or need an adapter dongle again . 
  if both changes were made at the same time , it would make more sense . 
  i would be very surprised if they include a lightning port on a new macbook . 
  everything else ( including the 2016 macbook ) is standardising on usb-c as the `` only port you need '' : for power , video , storage , external devices , and so on . 
  you are probably right , although i 'm disappointed that the move was n't done at the same time as switching over to usb-c . 
  all other phones and computers ( including macbooks ) seem to be converging on using usb-c as the main port for power and all external connections . 
  the selection of usb-c headphones will be a lot better than the selection of lightning headphones in a few years . 
   but we 're expecting to see options hit the market closer to the middle of the year, 
  that year was 2015 . 
  apparently compatible upgrade kits are sold now : https://eshop.macsales.com/shop/ssd/owc/macbook-pro-retina-display/2013-2014-2015, 
  installing one will most likely void the warranty though . 
   so it is probably upscaling, 
  what would be the point of upscaling ? 
  would n't 4k tvs do that by themselves for non-4k inputs ? 
  i heard that this was being planned , but did they really already implement the new relaxed rules ? 
   do you feel that proportional representation has caused instability , political stalemate , and/or frequent elections in your country ? 
  no , i think it is the opposite . 
  no party gets overwhelming majority by themselves , which means they need to work with other parties and reach agreements to pass laws . 
  as a result , things get done slower ( more stability ) , and no single party gets too much power . 
   some people in canada have criticized proportional representation for enabling parties with extremist viewpoints to enter parliament and wield disproportionate influence with little support . 
  what do you think about such criticisms ? 
  there is a 5 % vote threshold to get into parliament here . 
  even though i do n't support our `` small extremist party '' in the parliament , i think it 's fair that people who do support them do n't get their votes completely erased . 
  they are not part of the main coalition agreement between the bigger parties , so they do n't have any power in everyday government activities , just are able to express their voters ' views in parliament speeches and whatever . 
  that is still uncertain . 
  some tinfoil helmets have been found to * amplify * radio signals , so they could in fact be a ruse by the illuminati to make spying easier . 
  if they bought it 6 months ago , then the entire bank loan has already been transferred to the scammers , right ? 
  this is a bigger deal than just the down payment and 6 months of mortgage payments . 
  the bank is going to want their entire loan they gave to your brother back right away , now that the house is no longer valid as collateral . 
  if they do n't fight for their interests hard enough , then they might both lose the house ( owner wants it back ) , * and * still owe the entire mortgage to the bank ( bank wants its money back ) . 
  maybe consider [ folding bikes ] ( http://www.foldingcyclist.com/brompton-s2l-x-folding-bike.jpg ) then ? 
  the wheels are large enough to be fast and go over cobblestones , but folds up into a rucksack-sized package when you need to take it on a train or stash it under your desk at work . 
  i see the opposite happening really . 
  uk has always been the most euro-sceptic member with opt-outs . 
  with uk gone , france and germany will have much more influence to move the eu towards an unified federal state . 
  doors and corners ? 
  not just resilient - it turns out that rocket noise a few times per month is way better for wildlife than the same area being a park accessible to tourists , or worse beachfront condos and bars . 
  i 'm curious , why a case on a laptop ? 
  i 've used my macbook without particular care for the last three years : carry it with me to work every day , at home on the couch , on planes and airports , in the bathroom . 
  i carry it from one corner when open , put stuff on it when grabbing phone/headphones to go , etc. 
  and there is n't a single visible scratch or mark on it . 
  it seems you would have to deliberately take a chisel to the matte metal surface to scratch it . 
  and unlike a phone , i do n't think a case would do much against a fall , either it survives intact or the screen hinge gets bent broken from the impact . 
  with the current logo , it really does look an advertisement . 
  i would not put up an advertisement for a random design agency in my home or office , even if it was free . 
  i see two options for it :, 
  * just leave it off . 
  i doubt that `` people who see the poster on a friend 's wall , read the small url , and then decide to get one themselves '' is an important marketing channel . 
  if they like the poster , they will ask their friend about the artist . 
  if they find you anywhere online , then you do n't need it on the poster itself . 
  * make it very subtle , handwritten-looking signature in the corner . 
  these are accepted because most paintings are signed . 
  this really sounds like a bug that will be fixed in a few weeks , rather than apple limiting things on purpose . 
  public transport is good in the large and medium-sized ( 10k people ) cities and between them . 
  if you want to get to the countryside outside of cities , then it 's better to rent a car . 
  the buses to random villages and forests run maybe twice a day . 
  an extension cord under the bed would be better . 
  beds last longer than technology stays relevant - new faster chargers come out , soon everything will be usb c , etc. 
  so you are going to make a separate cash transaction every 4 washers . 
  each transaction is going to take a few minutes . 
  have you calculated your expected hourly income from this amazing plan ? 
  well , there 's a middle ground . 
  if you have kids , or a crippling student loan , or work a minimum wage job with part-time hours , then you probably ca n't . 
  but * way * more people think they ca n't than actually ca n't , if they made the `` big adventure '' their # 1 priority in life and saved hard for it . 
  yes , you may have to give up saving for a deposit on a house , live with roommates , skip building that new gaming pc or getting iphone 7 , cancel cable , risk not having a job lined up when you get back , etc. 
  most people who post these `` travelling for a year '' stories did that - they are n't taking a short vacation where you come back to your house and job after it . 
  you ca n't rely on individual app developers doing the right thing . 
  all of them will think that `` my app is most useful and important '' , and try to make * their * app faster by caching lots of data . 
  and it 's hard for the os to know which apps to clear caches on . 
  do you still need that offline google map or spotify playlist ? 
  maybe , if you have a trip coming up , or maybe not . 
  it would be better to have some default like `` ios clears caches every 30 days '' , with an optional override per app in the system settings . 
  and sometimes it 's useful to be able to clear all data , not just `` cache '' for an app . 
  to get rid of all user data , not just `` cache '' , and basically reset the app to the freshly installed state . 
  the app is the least important part of `` find lost pet '' system . 
  so it 's going to be a gps collar . 
  * gps is a passive system that only listens for signals , it does not * transmit * any information . 
  it will need a mobile phone chip and a sim card with a data plan to work . 
  what 's the pricing on this going to be ?
