  is `` being italian '' the actual medical condition that weed helps with ? 
  or is it something like `` anxiety over seeing american-style pizza '' ? 
  it 's entirely possible to have an english-only contract , or a main english contract with an estonian `` helpful but non-binding translation '' , as long as both parties agree to it . 
  besides the contract , also read the law of obligations ( v\u00f5la\u00f5igusseadus ) section on rental and lease contracts : https://www.riigiteataja.ee/en/eli/ee/506112013011/consolide/current#156d693e-f33b-485c-9222-856f2d7b33fe, 
  the official english translation is a bit difficult `` legalese '' , so someone who translates the estonian text for you could be helpful . 
  an important rule from there is that `` all clauses in a rental contract which conflict with the law and are worse for the tenant than the law are invalid '' . 
  if there are crazy terms in the rental contract , these can be unenforcable even if signed by both sides . 
  which is a stupid reason to vote leave , since :, 
  * freedom of movement only applies for workers with eu citizenship , not refugees . 
  * uk is not in schengen borderless zone , so they already can check the passport , interview , and approve/reject everyone arriving from the eu into uk . 
   with the higher price , people also have expectations of service, 
  with photography , djs , glassblowing , and similar fields , people ca n't tell whether a professional is good or great . 
  and often even if they are terrible or great , as long as they appear confident in their `` artistic decisions '' . 
  with higher prices , people have higher expectations of everything besides the core service : how you communicate with the client , that you pick up the phone whenever they call , that you put up with bs requests gracefully , showing up with a nice haircut , etc. 
  yes , but it 's still their best result of all time . 
  changing the existing user ids in the database would be very difficult - especially as many older games might use the same id on * their * servers . 
  so they should keep current psn name around as the `` unique login id '' , and for older games . 
  add a new `` display name '' field , and strongly recommend that new games start showing that instead . 
  if frequent display name changes get too spammy or annoying , then make it a $ 20 change . 
   would you check this site before hotels.com/booking.com ? 
  not before , but in parallel to booking.com / airbnb / etc. 
   would you be willing to bid for it and wait a day or two to see who wins ? 
  sure . 
   would you pay a monthly membership cost to get access to hundreds of these ? 
  no , and i doubt there are many people who would . 
  people who travel a lot either stay at very cheap places , or get their stay paid for by their employer and do n't care about deals . 
  people who travel infrequently would not want a monthly subscription . 
  my biggest concern would be whether these vouchers are valid and not some sort of employee-only or dodgy deal . 
  i would want to validate them directly with the hotel , and have some sort of guarantee or insurance that if the hotel does not accept them on arrival , then all expenses for finding an alternative place to stay will be covered . 
  if we are still using `` earth time '' in year 50000 , i will be very disappointed ( and also dead ) . 
  for cost of living , http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/city_result.jsp?country=estonia&amp;city=tallinn is fairly accurate . 
  400-500 eur will be just accommodation . 
  if you live `` like a student '' , you can probably get by with 400-500 total , but 1000 total per month is much more comfortable . 
  i think the whole tefl field is rather small in estonia . 
  pretty much everyone learns basic to intermediate english in primary and high school . 
  to teach at schools , you would also need to speak some estonian or russian yourself , and i have not heard of an `` english teacher shortage '' or similar from the media ( unlike for maths/physics ) . 
  not speaking estonian or russian might be fine for advanced courses aimed at adults ( with specialisation in for example business , technology , or legal english ) , but not sure if there are language schools looking for teachers . 
  i used to do some work for a local transit app many years ago , and completely agree with apple 's approach here . 
  transit navigation is surprisingly hard to get right compared to usual road navigation . 
  compared to road navigation with `` only '' one-way streets , roundabouts and tolls , there are some really bizarre special cases in public transit :, 
  * routes that only run , or do n't run on special days of the year . 
  * routes that change their number/name depending on the direction , or section of the route . 
  * routes that have one number/name , but skip some stops or even take a completely different path for individual departures . 
  * stops with the same identifier can be right next to each other , or across the street , or stations that span over a kilometre of tunnels and walkways . 
  * data provided by transit agencies is sometimes wrong , and sometimes out of date . 
  * ticket price calculation is another whole challenge . 
  some prices are only valid for locals , some for specific routes , some for specific times of day , some for sections or directions of a route , some are valid for an exact number of minutes , and so on . 
  and users have high expectations of correctness . 
  if you get road directions wrong , they have to drive for an extra 10 minutes . 
  if you get transit wrong , they might have to wait in freezing rain for 30 minutes for the next bus . 
  and users are experts at * their personal favourite routes * . 
  they will immediately notice if you fail to suggest their one weird trick to walk through a back alley to switch routes . 
  while developers ca n't know all of a city even if they live there , and wo n't catch all the mistakes . 
  should have walked 500 miles, 
  before deciding on the three separation options :, 
  * completely separate servers / databases / containers / installs ,, 
  * single app , multiple postgres schemas ,, 
  * shared app and database , data models have a key to `` tenant '' or `` organization '' ,, 
  think carefully about the sort of user roles and permissions that you want to support . 
  the first two make keeping data separated much simpler - you do n't need to filter by tenant almost everywhere . 
  the first also lets you provision server resources per customer . 
  but the third can be the best option if you want to support user accounts who belong to multiple organizations , or giving access to `` projects '' or something across tenants . 
  i do n't know enough about pc laptops to comment on those ( have been using different macs for the last 8 years ) . 
  a retina macbook pro is a very solid and quality laptop . 
  but if you decide to buy one , and can wait a few months , then that would be a good idea . 
  there are rumours that the new model will be released in september or october - after which you would get more value for money , or the older ( current ) model at a discount . 
   i know there 's a difference in voltage 120 vs 230 but it 's lower in the us than here so is that fine ? 
  no , at best it wo n't work , and at worst it will still damage the device . 
  us also has a different frequency : 50hz instead of the european 60hz . 
  but chargers and power bricks on most modern electronic devices work with both us and european voltages . 
  all you need to switch out is the plug end , or add a cheap $ 3 adapter . 
  check the small print on the power bricks , all of them list the allowed input voltage and frequency ranges . 
  if they say 100-240v and 50-60hz , then they will just work . 
  if they say only 220-240v and 60hz , then no . 
  for example see here : http://www.macpartseurope.com/image/cache/data/incarcator,-alimentator-apple-macbook-pro-a1172,-18.5v-4.6a,-85w-2-800x600.jpg or http://p.globalsources.com/images/pdt/b1032744883/usb-cell-phone-charger.jpg, 
  household devices like coffee machines or hair dryers usually do n't work with both . 
  it 's not worth the hassle and expense of getting a voltage converting transformer - sell those devices and buy new ones instead . 
  why does a tricycle need a fire extinguisher ? 
  the `` overpriced '' label is a bit strange and time-dependent though . 
  at release time , macbooks tend to be priced almost the same as high-end models from other manufacturers , as long as you also consider weight , battery life , screen resolution , small polishing details , etc , not only the raw performance numbers . 
  but they are sold at the same price without noticeable discounts for 1-2 years , whereas other manufacturers change their prices and come out with new models more often . 
  so if you buy one soon after release , then they are a very competitive choice . 
  but when comparing near the end of the release cycle ( like right now ) , then you can get something else for cheaper . 
  http://buyersguide.macrumors.com/#mac tracks these release timelines . 
  it 's good to follow if the reason for buying is `` i feel like it 's time to upgrade my ageing laptop '' . 
  but when school or work require a different schedule , then of course waiting would not be worth it . 
   a pension was a great bargaining tool that did n't cost anything up front . 
  but this is the exact cause of the many pension fund issues . 
  companies and local governments do n't want to pay higher salaries right now , so instead they promise a pension in the future , while actually not putting sufficient money away for funding these pensions . 
  once their employees start retiring , then they `` discover '' the shortfall , and are forced to either renege on the contracts or declare bankruptcy . 
  imho such pension promises should be prohibited altogether , they are taking advantage of both the employees ( who may not get it ) and in the case of local governments , the future taxpayers . 
  if a company or local government includes a pension in the benefits of a job , then they should pay an agreed amount to a personal 401k fund with every paycheck that you earn . 
  this does not let them advertise promises that they ca n't keep in the future , and will let employees switch jobs without losing the contribution they have made so far . 
  my favourite google april fools so far is the launch of gmail . 
  nobody believed that they were actually giving away * 1gb * of webmail space when hotmail had 2mb . 
   poorly worded, 
  there was all sorts of shit related to the referendum , but wording was not part of it . 
  it was a clear question with answers spelling out `` leave '' and `` remain '' , rather than the all too common yes/no questions with confusing double negatives you see in some referendums around the world . 
   eliminating college tuition is a slap in the face to everyone who served their country in the armed forces and attended college under the gi bill . 
  so you were fucked by expensive tuition and potential student loans , and took the best available option of joining the military to pay for them .
