  if they did n't take the second `` delete permanently '' step , the files might still be restorable from trash for 30 days . 
  if you sync your dropbox to your computer , it 's also possible that there 's a hidden copy still on your computer ( also described at the same help page ) . 
  if they did permanently delete the files , email dropbox asap as well , and explain how these were important legal files . 
  they most likely have their own backups even of `` permanently deleted '' files , but the more time passes the more likely it is that the backups will be gone . 
  one issue with compiling/optimising python and ruby is that there is a huge amount of libraries written in c , which access the interpreter 's internals using a native interface . 
  breaking the native interface and all those c libraries is a non-starter . 
  there is an interesting python -  c compiler though : http://cython.org/, 
  it allows you to compile some of your python modules for about a 2x speedup , and with some minor static type declarations for variables in inner loops i 've seen 1000x speedups in my own code . 
  or translate english -  japanese -  english a hundred times with translationparty.com to for those deep philosophy essays . 
  this post 's title ends up as `` main shooting command spain plagiarism plagiarism checker will not be converted . '', 
  but you get a free trial for 18-25 years . 
   what about tipping strangers on reddit , or your irl friends on facebook ? 
  their wishful thinking is :, 
  * the person receiving a 0.0001 cent tip will be grateful , look up `` what is bitcoin '' , and will be amazed and euphoric ,, 
  * the person will promptly buy more bitcoin ,, 
  * increased buying interest will drive up the bitcoin price , and the value of the tippers ' holdings . 
  if it was intentional , would n't they aim it over an ocean to minimise any risk of some debris reaching the ground ? 
  the most troll ( and possibly , easiest to build ) solution to the emacs refactoring data would be to use clang to generate the ast for emacs , even if the code is compiled with gcc . 
  this would preserve the `` purity '' of gcc ... and perhaps show stallman why his fears are pointless in 2015 . 
   i do n't have anything invested in the story being true or not , i 'm taking it as entertainment just like the rest of reddit . 
  the story is obviously bs ... 
  but in either case , i disagree with the argument `` who cares if it 's real , it 's just entertainment '' that often comes up when life stories on reddit are shown to be fictional . 
  because there is a lot of * good * fiction out there . 
  books , movies , short stories from actual acclaimed authors . 
  most stories on reddit are only any good if they help the reader learn and understand other different people 's life experiences . 
  but a fictional `` life story '' on reddit is just pointless waste of time , which could have been spent with a good book instead . 
  trolling reddit with made-up bs seems a lot like ... littering ? 
  of course there is n't anything that can be done to prevent it , the only real solution is to move to a better neighbourhood ( subreddits ) . 
  spacex is doing great things ... but investors ' valuation is mostly based on future expected profitability , and spacex is a * very * risky bet there . 
  * having 4000 employees ( and growing ) , building and developing new rockets is very expensive . 
  it 's difficult to predict how much * profit * spacex will make , even if they make money on commercial launches . 
  * elon has often said that his goal is to take humanity to mars , and he will use any profit made from commercial ventures to fund this . 
  so it the investors want to take profits out of the company , they would have to wait until there 's a proper successful colony on mars ... which is still at least 20 + years away . 
  google just recently bought the company that makes these robots : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkmyv083fne, 
  does europe and esa even have anything similar to itar ? 
  i guess there must be * some * restrictions on exporting military technology , but i 've never heard of it being a big issue ? 
   i get that i would probably have those things in two collections , but is the idea that i join them in code ? 
  yes . 
  the idea is that you pre-compute any joins or other complex queries in the application code at insert time , or have background mapreduce jobs that do this every now and then . 
  but if you are used to relational systems , and want to also save some nosql documents , i really recommend checking out the latest version of postgresql with it 's jsonb column type . 
  it 's a spaceship name from iain m. banks 's science fiction novel `` the player of games '' . 
  his entire culture series of books is fantastic , i heartily recommend it . 
  assuming that federal courts are criminally corrupt is far too much of a stretch . 
  but it 's entirely possible that they would not have won the lawsuit if even if they pushed hard enough - after all , they * were n't * certified when the bidding happened and still are n't certified for government launches . 
  now , it * looks * like the block buy was designed to be anti-competitive : selling years worth of launches very quickly before spacex can get certified ( and delaying that certification ) . 
  but it might be extremely difficult to actually * prove * that in court . 
  if they do find philae , does that actually help in any way ? 
  while solving the mystery would be cool , it seems pointless to sacrifice a part of the science mission for it . 
  yeah , this is a terrible idea . 
  if the money somehow gets lost between the landlords , neither of them is going to want to take responsibility , and getting it back will be much more difficult . 
  and it 's a good idea to have a clear proof of payment from you to your new landlord as well . 
  instead , ask your bank if you can open an usd account , and therefore avoid exchanging currency multiple times . 
  adding usd as an extra currency to my eur account was super easy . 
  also , check out transferwise.com to save on currency conversion and international transfer costs . 
  every gas station , kiosk and other shop sells them . 
  the police used to hand them out for free with a warning that you must wear a reflector at night at some point . 
  for maximum safety , get a 3d motion capture suit : http://www-personal.umich.edu/~hamms/portfolio/motioncapture/images/compo_01.jpg, 
  is technically correct better than autocorrect ? 
   also the wiki . 
  note this includes both the ksp wiki , and the standard wikipedia . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:astrodynamics and, 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/category:aerospace_engineering can be scary , but surprisingly useful to master the game . 
  please share a few more details about your business or idea . 
  why do you want to have an annual allowance , and what is it for ? 
  i could see this resulting in plenty of angry customers : they sign up for a too small plan , use up all of their quota in 3 months , and then feel stuck paying for `` nothing '' for 9 months . 
  could you instead have monthly quotas , and roll over any unused amounts to the next month ? 
   national monthly use averages have a huge spread , while the national annual use averages are nearly always consistent . 
  that 's pretty interesting . 
  if it 's not super secret , what service are you offering ? 
  sort of around 1995-2005 . 
  the chaos of early 1990s was coming to an end , and it seemed like russia was growing to become a reasonably stable , democratic european country . 
  they even started actual military co-operation with nato . 
  i have n't worked with vcs , but from reading [ some of their thoughts online ] ( http://paulgraham.com/swan.html ) , it seems * no * . 
  practically all of their return comes from the rare companies that become wildly successful , not a little bit from each one . 
  [ yc has invested in 564 startups , but 9 out of 12 billion of the fund 's value is from the top 10 startups ] ( http://paulgraham.com/invtrend.html ) . 
  and he says that only perhaps 40 others look like they might grow big . 
  a down round means that the company is in serious trouble , and most likely the investment is a loss anyway . 
  it does n't make sense to spend time fighting to get back 0.1 x instead of 0.05 x from the failed investment , when you could be focusing on the companies in your portfolio that still have a chance of returning 10-25x . 
  is n't making old documents unusable the entire reason why the expiry date is printed on them in the first place ? 
  having them expire limits the possible time they can be abused if lost or stolen , and the time you need to worry about identity theft . 
  border agencies might have access to a list of invalidated passport numbers worldwide , but most businesses do n't . 
  do you close those support tickets as `` could not reproduce '' ? 
  it 's a mix of all types of places . 
  it has plenty of overpriced food and drink , especially right on the town hall square . 
  but it also has many of the top restaurants in estonia , some great pubs and beer cellars , and some best `` stylish hipster '' bars . 
  avoid the places directly on the town hall square ( tourist traps ) and on suur-karja and v\u00e4ike-karja street ( super-drunk brits ) , and most of the rest of old town can be pretty good . 
  most of the artists and low-cost hipster places have moved to kalamaja though . 
  there is no way to get a wired connection for two weeks . 
  https://www.elisa.ee/ tends to have the biggest mobile data limits out of all providers , and reasonable speeds . 
  they should have some pre-paid options as well . 
  are you looking to transfer 15gb every day , or just download it once ? 
  if the latter , visit some university cafe , and use their fast internet . 
  google , apple , intel and a few more tech companies in california are currently in trouble for having a similar non-poaching agreement of each others ' employees : http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-30843644, 
  want to go for some / r/highstakesspacex and bet a month of reddit gold on it ? 
  i 'm guessing 2-4 : that it wo n't stay standing upright on the legs on the barge . 
  personally , i think it 's most likely that it lands better than previous time , but still sort of `` hard lands '' and falls over . 
  done !, 
  i 'm obviously still hoping for a successful landing as well , 
  this landing is supposed to be more difficult than the last one ... but they also have learned from and done upgrades since the last one . 
  sure !,
