  the best forum for trading pc parts , especially old pc parts is http://foorum.hinnavaatlus.ee/, 
  they even have a section under the business forums for giving away / requesting ancient crap for free . 
  something that has helped other posters with traffic questions here :, 
  do you have an android phone ? 
  if yes , you might have google location history turned on without realising it . 
  it keeps a log of your gps location at all times , with 1-60 minute intervals . 
  you can look at it online . 
   i guess a private clinic would be my only option , right ? 
  the costs should be roughly the same in both private and public clinics . 
  in reality , there is n't much of a private/public split - a few clinics accept only people with national health insurance , a few only without , and most accept both . 
  the waiting time for an appointment is usually long with national health insurance and very short if you 're paying yourself . 
  your government recommends the following : http://estonia.usembassy.gov/doctorsest.html, 
  i 've visited one of the private recommended ones there , http://www.perearst.ee/ for a drivers license checkup , and it seemed great . 
  most of their doctors seem to be listed as taking time off for maternity leave now though . 
  best would be to call a few clinics and ask . 
  or if you stay logged in to facebook and accidentally click on the share button under the video . 
  why are these there anyway ? 
  who thinks `` whoa , three dicks in one hole , better share it with my friends , coworkers and family ? '', 
   the changes from python 2 to python 3 are very small , but also extremely welcome . 
  print ( ) , . items ( ) , renaming of packages and exceptions , all can be updated half-automatically without really having to think about it . 
  these changes are small , but there is one major one - a strict unicode vs bytes separation . 
  for projects that were strict about separating unicode and bytes already in python2 , using . encode ( ) and . decode ( ) everywhere , python 2 -  3 conversion should actually be pretty easy . 
  but many projects mixed unicode , ascii bytes , utf8 bytes , and perhaps any other encoding bytes freely in python2 . 
  maybe they worked correctly if you gave them non-ascii text , maybe not . 
  for these , getting encoding handling right for the first time is a huge task that requires careful thinking . 
   why is it so hard to find a place in estonia ? 
  it 's usually a bit cheaper to buy a place with a mortgage rather than rent . 
  so everyone who is planning to stay in one city for a while tries to buy rather than rent if possible , and the rental market is pretty small compared to some other countries . 
  the second reason why it 's hard is because you are looking alone . 
  most rentals are for whole apartments , and single rooms for rent are very rare . 
  students usually get together as a 2-3 person group , and rent an apartment together . 
  and after university , people prefer the privacy of having their own place , so even single people tend to rent a shittier or farther away whole apartment rather than an equally priced room in the city centre . 
  my suggestion would be to ask your friends , university or erasmus contacts , facebook groups , everywhere you can to find other people who are also looking for a room . 
  and then look for a 2-3 person apartment together . 
  `` cold hard '' here means previous years ' actual audited sales and profits , not a plan . 
  even with great sales numbers for years in a row , most banks will require the owners to give a personal guarantee ( for example their house as collateral ) on a small business loan . 
   as for `` why antimatter ? '', 
  it 's the only ( potential ) energy generation method i know of ( again assuming you can make it cheap ) that could drive the tera-watt sized magnet you 'd need . 
  but how do you * get * that antimatter ? 
  we can not harvest it from anywhere , most of the free antimatter is presumed to have annihilated itself with regular matter in the first 10 seconds of the universe , and the rest within the early years . 
  we can make antimatter in particle accelerators ... by putting in billions of times more electrical energy than is released from it afterwards . 
  for example , it 's been estimated that making 1 gram of antimatter would cost $ 25 billion , while it would release only as much energy as a single nuclear reactor generates per day . 
  but even if the technology gets cheaper , there is no point in going nuclear power -  electricity -  antimatter -  electricity -  magnets , if you could go nuclear power -  electricity -  magnets . 
  sure , but antimatter still remains only an energy storage medium , not an energy source . 
  we ca n't mine it from the ground like uranium or oil - we have to * somehow * make it , which consumes more energy than it could release . 
  so why not power the magnets from that energy generator directly ? 
  antimatter might make sense in a far , far future as energy storage for spacecraft , where you do n't want to take a huge powerplant with you . 
  but if we ever get far enough to be terraforming mars , then i assume we already have some powerplants there . 
   there are usually reasonably-priced cabs outside the bus station, 
  perhaps , but unless you are local and/or speak russian , a `` reasonably priced cab '' will most likely rip you off . 
  every single foreign friend who has visited has been ripped off by taxi drivers in tallinn . 
  my recommendation would be :, 
  * use uber . 
  cheaper * and * way nicer than the usual `` reasonably priced cabs '' . 
  * take tallink taxi . 
  they are about 50 % more expensive than average , but +50 % is less than +500 % from a dishonest taxi driver . 
  * start buying condoms , even if they are a bit expensive . 
  perhaps it is ? 
  anything is possible at zombo.com . 
  right now , the right to enter uk is checked already on the french side before boarding the trains or ferries . 
  she is threatening to stop that - and only check for people 's right to exit france . 
  it would not be `` fraudulent '' , since france does n't have to care about the passengers destination once they leave france . 
  then the migrants will end up at the passport checks in the uk , will be denied entry - and still refuse to leave and generally become uks problem . 
  just like a toaster then ? 
  where is that from ? 
   is it hard to get funding for a it consulting/services startup ? 
  do you really need funding ? 
  as you said , you are already doing freelance work . 
  just start taking larger and larger freelance projects , ask for a % up front or gather a few months worth of savings , and hire overseas help to complete them . 
  pretty soon you will have a well-functioning services company . 
   but at the same time it feels like they do n't really want to do it . 
  not sure if it 's low self-esteem or something . 
  or it might be because they live on the other side of the world from the country they said they do , if they `` exist '' under the name they told you at all . 
  i do freelance software development , and i always insist on either a face-to-face meeting or a video call , or * at least * an oldschool phone call before taking on a project . 
  my impression has been that people who refuse tend to be flaky or shady , trying to hide behind the anonymity of a free email and possibly made-up identity . 
  sometimes it 's fine , i 've had a few clients for whom i just know their reddit username , but not having an established online and real-world presence is a worrying sign . 
  / r/somebodymakethis is perhaps more useful than / r/crazyideas . 
  that said , i have found that most of the time it 's ( some ) success -  passion , much more than passion -  success . 
  once a project has actual real users who find it useful and helpful , even the most boring idea starts to feel amazing . 
   what district of tallinn has the best ratio rent/living quality . 
  check this thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/eesti/comments/196q8t/thinking_of_moving_to_tallinn_and_buying_a_house/, 
  lasnam\u00e4e , mustam\u00e4e and \u00d5ism\u00e4e are `` suburbs '' full of soviet concrete blocks . 
  boring , but can be cheaper than nicer area . 
  mustam\u00e4e is popular with the technical university students since the campus is at the far end of it . 
  city centre ( kesklinn ) is expensive , but nice and central . 
  n\u00f5mme and pirita have lots of greenery and small houses , price depends on how nice and close to the center the houses are . 
  kalamaja is the new cool `` hipster district '' , and blends slowly into kopli ( cheap and run-down ) . 
  kopli used to be the `` dangerous '' part where you should not go at night , but the hipsters are colonising more and more of it , so it might be fine now . 
  `` blockchain technology '' is just a public database . 
  the entire ecosystem of miners is for a public database that no-one has central authority over . 
  but if there is a reasonable trustworthy central authority - government for citizenships or company registries , banks for savings accounts , stock exchanges for stock deals , etc - then a blockchain is a huge waste of effort and energy . 
  not sure whether that `` lol no '' was about $ 50 billion being too little or too much . . but it is by far not going to be enough . 
  iss total program cost has been $ 150 billion . 
  the apollo program was $ 120 billion in today 's money . 
  sure , `` engineers are cheaper in russia '' ... but a permanent moon base is also a whole lot more complicated than either of those . 
   taxis, 
  my top recommendation would be to get uber if possible . 
  a lot cheaper than `` good '' taxis , the cars and drivers are nicer - and every trip is tracked with gps and priced based on that , so it 's way harder for drivers to cheat . 
  they are super-worried about the feedback ratings as well . 
  http://www.tallinktakso.ee/et/front-page is seen as the best and most trustworthy taxi company .
