  if no , then you will need money for : staying at a hotel or airbnb until you find an apartment , plus depending on the city first 1-2 months rent up front , plus 1-2 months rent as a security deposit , maybe extra realtor/contract/application fees . 
  you wo n't know the best shops and wo n't have much time for looking around at first , so expect to overpay for food and things in small corner shops or eating out . 
  you will need to replace hundreds of small things you forgot or did not fit into your suitcase . 
  things like towels , mugs , adapters for electrical equipment , bedsheets , toiletries , phone sim card and whatever . 
  all of them are small expenses , but they add up when you need all of them at once in the first few weeks after moving . 
  in the end it will all average out - once the paperwork is done you will get paid , you 'll hopefully get the rental security deposit back at the end , make use of the rent you paid up front in the last months , small things should not be more expensive than at home , etc. 
  but many of the costs will be concentrated on the first month compared to the following months . 
  this is not to discourage you - i really enjoyed all my international moves for studies , internships and all . 
  the experience of living and working somewhere away from home for at least a few years is absolutely worth it . 
  but i would recommend applying for as large overdraft limit as you can with your bank , and being very careful with spending money at first . 
  most of the data google uses is public though : the entire internet in all languages , satellite and street view photos of the world , and so on . 
  but making sense of all that data , and making it usable to answer any questions about anything in the world takes thousands of computer science phds and millions of servers , plus all the other infrastructure and developers . 
  favourites :, 
  * pizza americana in old town ( only if you like very thick , very cheesy pizzas , not `` thin italian style '' ), 
  peetri pizza has places in many supermarkets and locations , and is below average but ok when you have a hangover and need something quickly . 
  avoid at all cost pizza grande in old town . 
   i believe emt is the `` default '' , so if no one knows of a reason to go with someone else , i 'll probably opt for them, 
  well , telia ( previously called elion and emt ) generally has the best coverage but the highest prices . 
  if their rates are ok , then it 's a good default choice . 
  the other two providers have bigger data caps including some `` unlimited '' plans . 
  but if you are deciding based on coverage in a specific house in the countryside , then running a speed test there on all networks is really the only sure way to choose . 
  telia might have the best coverage `` on average '' , but it wo n't help if there 's a hill between your house and their mobile mast , and is n't for another provider ... 
  when looking at the websites and prices , note that the plans for `` mobile internet for home via usb stick or mobile-wifi access point '' are different from plans for `` mobile internet in a mobile phone '' . 
   the hard thing is to give a good answer which requires a whole lot more . 
  complicated questions yes . 
  but google now can do the following completely offline on android :, 
  * set timers and alarms ,, 
  * navigate to home / work ( if you have your current city downloaded in offline maps ), 
  * control music , phone settings like brightness . 
  given that these sort of questions are the most popular , and do n't * actually * need internet , there 's no good reason for siri to send the query to the server . 
  not sure if you were sarcastic or not , but ... it takes a lot more effort than just a few `` best people '' to build the best ai assistants . 
  because it 's really tens and tens of projects , all interrelated , and as each gets better it helps the other ones . 
  consider something as obscure as `` detecting numbers from images '' . 
  not initially related to voice assistants as siri or google now ... 
  but better image processing means that google can use street view photos to fix addresses in maps , and better map data means they can understand web documents containing addresses better , and better understanding of all content on the internet helps with translations ( which uses web pages in multiple languages as the source ) , which helps captioning youtube videos , which helps with understanding non-english voice input . 
  there are certainly hundreds of ways where improvements in one `` ai project '' feed into making another `` ai project '' better . 
  you need people working on most or all of these , not just `` speech detection '' . 
   i do n't even mind if next gen is n't wireless , just bump the quality up and it will be sweet, 
  i do n't think we 'll see wireless vr any time soon . 
  wireless adds lag , which is a big no-no for a smooth and non-puking vr experience . 
  maybe only if the entire game console becomes small enough to be embedded in the vr headset itself ( like with microsoft hololens or smartphone-based systems ) , so there 's no wires nor wireless . 
  a pirated copy is very questionable to install on any sort of business or official computers . 
  instead , could just get a copy of office 95 off ebay for $ 10 . 
  i think it 's both true and false , but more subtle than often repeated here . 
  it 's false because both apple and google would have pretty much identical access to * your * data for providing results to * you * without privacy risks . 
  your calendar , email , phone numbers , photos , favourite places in maps , etc are all already downloaded into your device , and could be processed locally without ever uploading them to google or apple . 
  and in many cases , you already have this data uploaded to icloud . 
  so it 's not really a question of privacy . 
  but in the bigger picture sense , it is . 
  because google uses * everyone 's * data put together to do ai research , test algorithms , and make ai better for * everyone * . 
  gmail has an excellent spam filter because * other users ' * spam decisions are used in * your * spam filter . 
  when someone in europe clicks `` spam '' on a new email , gmail will know to filter it out of your inbox before you wake up in the us . 
  when someone does a voice search , it fails , and types in a query on the keyboard , google will use this to train better voice models for this language and accent for all other users . 
  and then can use it to provide better automatic captions on youtube videos . 
  all users ' gps history is used to find out opening times and busy/empty times at shops and restaurants , which is in turn very useful if you ask for `` find me the nearest open gas station '' . 
  basically every product that google has some ai components , and shares data and results with every other product . 
  this means that research and development moves faster . 
  once research and development is `` done '' ( but it never is !, 
  ) , both apple and google could easily stick to the same privacy protections . 
  but it 's * much * easier to do ai research when you can test your theories on a billion users data instead of a few thousand test users . 
  if it 's someone other than uk government , then their government would very quickly find and crack down on anyone jamming cell signals in central london . 
  and if it is the uk government , then they would find it difficult to get away with jamming only the ecuadorian embassy in central london , next to some of the biggest shopping malls in the city . 
  it could launch safari with the url https://www.google.com/search?q=timer+15+minutes, 
  i feel apple could really use a tick-tock schedule for computers like intel does for chips . 
  release `` revolutionary '' updates when they are ready every few years , and simpler speed , memory and disk bump refreshes between those . 
  that would be a cool security option in google device manager . 
  it has remote wipe and lock if the phone was stolen , but `` burn the phone '' would be much more elegant . 
   i 'm not going to charge a multibillion dollar pharmaceutical company as much as i charge someone who just landed a 100k seed round . 
  it 's not so much a question of what the customer can pay , but the extremely wide range of expectations . 
  i 've had many app development projects proposed to me that sounded like 2 weeks of work at first , but became 6 months with an entire team after hearing a long list of small details at the first meeting . 
  and in terms of quality and completeness , a startup is fine with a quick and hacky solution , everything too complex can be left out and improved in version 2 . 
  a large company is going to want multiple rounds of `` how about ... instead '' as each manager at the company adds their input . 
  and the end result must be polished for showing off in media , and ready for perhaps millions of users on really old smartphones from day one . 
  a bad app launch can cost them more in brand reputation than the development itself . 
   audio levels always seem to go super quiet as soon as an important part of dialogue comes up !, 
  this is sometimes caused by looking at a movie with 5.1 or 7.1 surround sound channels on an usual 2-speaker system . 
  the movie has voices only on the center front speaker , and the environment sounds on all the rest . 
  when a `` dumb '' movie player or tv mixes these 6 or 8 channels together into 2 , the voice is only a small part of the average volume . 
  or [ over car parks ] ( http://www.solarpanelsuk.co.uk/news/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/6099079660_c3ac69eb4d_b.jpg ) . 
  as a bonus , keeps cars in the shade in summer . 
  no need for $ 3.9 million in research funding . 
   they need to figure out software do . 
  if they optimize it to make it fast and give fast updates , then that 's all they need to do . 
  this is the stupidest part about samsung phones imho . 
  they make some of the best android hardware , and then kill it 's attractiveness with all sorts of crappy samsung-special software . 
  if they shipped vanilla android , their phones would be much better . 
  if there were a free psvr and # 5 psvr demos next to each other , i would rather take the paid one . 
  except recent android phones , which already come with an usb-c port , and an usb-c to usb-c charging cable . 
  and a native wall to usb-c charger , which presumably will also work with the new macbook pro . 
  it 's really strange of apple to release two new macbook product lines with usb-c only in the same year , while not upgrading iphone . 
   my only regret is that i 'm always working at a desktop with a magic trackpad and keyboard :(, 
  that 's the thing ... 
  i could see the touchbar being very useful when using the macbook on my lap . 
  but 80 % of the time , when doing serious work , i have it hooked up to a mouse , keyboard and two big-ass monitors . 
  the keyboard does n't have a touchbar , and looking down from the big monitors to the external keyboard would be very interruptive compared to looking at the laptop keyboard . 
   if it only makes it a foot off the pad before it blows up i 'll still pay up . 
  or less , like the ( in ) famous [ four inch flight ] (, 
  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercury-redstone_1 ) ? 
  but `` exclusive '' makes no sense for people who connect their macbooks to external monitors for work . 
  i could see a touch bar becoming familiar and convenient over time .
