   if a doctor can see more patients per day , because diagnoses are faster , and they need fewer repeat followup appointments because they are more accurate , then there could be a drastic reduction in the number of doctors required . 
  well , the good news for doctors is that the demand for healthcare is pretty much unlimited . 
  if doctors can see more patients per day , then hopefully the price per visit will go down , and more people can go visit more often for less serious problems . 
  we are still * very * far from all being so perfectly healthy that we have no more need for doctors . 
  and if we get there ... then we 'll just live longer , and get more old-age related ailments . 
  i guess it depends on whether they think the wreckage could help them analyse the landing problems or not . 
  i would estimate that the entire barge with equipment is worth about the same as a recovered , reusable first stage . 
  so if the wreckage helps them find the problems with fewer failed test landings , and get recovery & reuse working one launch earlier , it should be worth it . 
  makes sense , it has already been through a full engines & systems test on the first flight !, 
  of which algorithm ? 
  webfaction 's admin panel is a bit more complex than some others , but if you say, 
   i 've read that apparently `` 1-click wordpress install '' is a huge deal for other . 
  for me personally , it 's a non-factor , if it 's a wordpress site , i 'm fine with taking 5 minutes to set it up with the database and linking . 
  then you will be fine . 
  webfaction has a slightly weird but useful system , where you define * web apps * ( projects with static files / wordpress / django / etc ) and domains separately , and then link urls on various domains to be handled by various apps . 
  this can be confusing at first , but is very convenient when you want blabla.com to be a django site and blabla.com/blog/ to be wordpress , and so on . 
  they make pretty good hardware , i will happily buy one once apple starts making them with android . 
   though sony can do something else if they were smart : give you playstation now access to a game if you already own a copy . 
  that would be a very risky business decision for sony . 
  xbox 360 games run locally on the player 's xbox 1 . 
  microsoft has to spend time and money on building the emulator and/or cross-compiler , and perhaps some time for each game to make it compatible . 
  but once that 's done , additional players of old games is `` free '' for them . 
  playstation now runs the games on modified ps3 hardware in sony datacentres , and streams the video . 
  this means that they need to reserve a ps3-equivalent device for each active streaming player - the more players there are , the more hardware , power , network capacity etc they need to keep paying for . 
  if they offered free ps3 game streaming if you bought the disk many years ago , then they would need to keep spending money forever to support that without receiving any new income for it . 
  perhaps it would work as a promotional method to get more people to buy ps4s ( which are sold below cost ) and new ps4 games ( which actually generate profits ) ... but they would have to be very careful to make sure they do n't end up losing a shitton of money on this . 
  what does the `` at no cost '' mean ? 
  is it a rescheduling of existing contracted flights over a longer duration , or were they promised free flights , or something else ? 
   when programming , start at zero ; when helping the so do shopping , start at one . 
  or compromise , and start at 0.5 . 
  the procedure is : you find someone to agree on a bet !, 
  and optionally make a post here to keep track of them . 
  `` reddit gold '' is basically a 1-month , $ 4 subscription to bonus features of reddit . 
  unfortunately i already have two bets on this landing , so i wo n't be taking on any more  but you can also make a text post to the subreddit to request to find someone to take the other side . 
  there 's no requirement to bet on gold or anything else of monetary value . 
  for example , i think a handwritten postcard or something would be a lot cooler than reddit gold , 
   any inaccuracy does n't matter , because it will be the same error for both . 
  this is correct , but only if the gps position is calculated based on the same set on satellites out of the 31 total . 
  if the barge and rocket are using different satellites ' signals , then it wo n't be . 
  differential gps accounts for this by not only transmitting the difference in the computed and known position , but also the difference in each satellite 's measured and expected signal delay . 
  mobile phones and other civilian gps receivers usually select whichever satellites look strongest , so doing simple differential gps between two phones would be tricky . 
  but since spacex knows the location and time of the landing in advance , they could easily choose which satellites to use beforehand , and they would not need a differential gps system transmitting data from the barge to the rocket . 
   $ 2 a ticket or 3 for $ 5 . 
  1/2 goes to nasa , 1/2 goes to a payout . 
  i think it could be a lot more successful if it was : 100 % goes to nasa , winner gets to go to space . 
  but still , the finances do n't look promising . 
  selling 100 million tickets per month , every month consistently is extremely challenging . 
  and even then , it ends up being less than 10 % of the nasa budget . 
   further , a legal doctrine commonly called `` mitigation of damages '' might come into play . 
  unlikely . 
  but essentially , it states that you must mitigate your damages . 
  it is n't fair to rack up fees and other penalties and then sue the party . 
  it is okay to sue them for the amount that you are out . 
  but further damages that could be avoided is not fair . 
  in this instance , not paying rent and accruing late rent fees is a sort of damages that could be mitigated . 
  this makes sense when the fees are paid to a third party while you are arguing with someone else to get them reimbursed . 
  but in this case , the landlord can not suffer any extra monetary damages - they already have op 's money , and if it 's found to be a valid way to pay june rent , then the landlord will not have to reimburse anyone for the non-existing late fees ? 
  did you read the article ? 
  they did n't rewrite , they did a final cross-compilation pass to c # and will be editing that directly now . 
  it sounds like a reasonable idea . 
  some thoughts on potential complications though :, 
  * what happens when the startup grows enough to be ready to expand to your country themselves ? 
  will they cut you off , compete in parallel , or buy you out and take over ? 
  * would the foreign franchise use the original or your own brand ? 
  both choices have plusses and minuses for the startup . 
  thanks , this is the worst way to win a bet though :-(, 
  depends on the energy efficiency of the phone 's components , and how powerful the charger is . 
  but in general , no : it is difficult , but possible for the phone to consume more energy than a standard charger can provide . 
  you might have to turn on the screen , camera , gps , maybe a computation-heavy 3d game or something all at the same time . 
  if you can read/write estonian , check on http://foorum.hinnavaatlus.ee/, 
  it 's the largest estonian technology-related site . 
  plenty of people offer mobile phone repair services there . 
  but getting the parts cheaply might require ordering from a chinese seller on ebay , and waiting 2-6 weeks . 
  it does n't . 
  hairs have different growth speeds , and different time before they fall out . 
  these result in an average maximum length before falling out . 
   would n't the satellites also have to transmit their own location for the receiver to be able to triangulate ? 
  they do . 
  however , the location data is encoded in the signal at a very low bitrate , and may take up to 15 minutes of continuous gps listening to receive . 
  so most modern mobile phones get it over the internet instead to save time and battery power . 
   also , why would the transmission area be the shape of europe ? 
  it is n't , and it would make no sense . 
  the satellites are not geosynchronous , they orbit the earth approximately twice a day , and are visible from different places on earth depending on the time . 
  if they already had an id card , then they could do it online from https://www.eesti.ee/eng/services/citizen/eluase_1 - they submit the notice of change of residency address , and the owner of the place approves it . 
  not sure if you can do that for someone else online , or if they or you might need to go to an office if not . 
   if you invest in a good developer or team ( it 's actually a lot easier than it sounds ) in most cases you 'll find them trustworthy , competent and will deliver your app for you . 
  i 've never understood this fear of developers `` stealing '' ideas . 
  sure , they have the * ability * to take the idea and release a similar the app themselves ... but why would they want to ? 
  every developer i know has at least 10 ideas on the `` would be cool to do if i had free time '' list . 
  if they wanted to run a startup business , then they would already be working on their own startup with their own idea . 
  if you can hire them at all , it 's because they prefer the stability of getting paid for their time instead of the complexity and risk of running a startup . 
  the same with investors - they are n't interested in running one business , but owning a fraction of tens or hundreds of businesses . 
  perhaps it 's a risk only when they have already invested in a competitor , and might pass on details . 
  but if you want their money , you have no choice but to explain everything in detail anyway . 
  20 miles is already super close . 
  modern air-to-air missiles have ranges approaching 200km , and some surface-to-air missiles up to 400km . 
  sure , the inflight abort wo n't have a second stage , which failed this time . 
  but i do n't think it can be declared to be `` unaffected '' this easily . 
  there are going to be similarities in manufacturing and quality control of both stages , so if they find any problems in how they built the second stage , it could easily also require checking or fixing existing first stages . 
   it 's not fair .
