  but it is marked as `` no share capital '' in the business registry , which means you ca n't pay out dividends yet . 
  go to a bank ( currently has to be in person ) , open a bank account . 
  you need your personal id , they will look up the company 's details online . 
  pay 2500 eur into your own company 's bank account ( your share capital ) ,, 
  get the transfer statement from the banks website , and email it to the business registry . 
  they will remove the `` no share capital '' label . 
  steps 3 and 4 are not required until you want to get rid of that label ( it looks a bit amateur to some partners ) , or want to pay out dividend . 
   actually i do n't want to move from country - i live in the eu and i want to open a company there but keep living where i am . 
  this can be a good choice to avoid various bureaucracy and to manage it online . 
  but talk to an accountant in your country first . 
  most countries of the world have a tax law which says `` if the management lives here , the company must pay tax here , regardless of where it is registered '' . 
  so far i 've paid about 50x more for music via spotify than i spent on music , in total in my life , before signing up there . 
  downloading albums from kazaa and ftps and finally bittorrent was always too much of a hassle . 
  yes . 
  until you pay in that 2500 eur to the company 's bank account , the theoretical share capital is made up of `` the company owners ' promise to pay its debts up to 2500 eur if required '' . 
  but note that paying dividend once a year is much more tax efficient . 
  in estonia , dividend payouts are taxed at 20 % flat rate . 
  employee salary payouts are taxed at approximately flat 40 % ( all employer + employee taxes added together ) . 
  if you are not living in estonia , then you still pay the dividend tax , but * no * salary taxes at all here - salaries are only taxed by the country where the employee lives , because that 's the country where they get health insurance etc from . 
  i do n't think i 've seen a `` gluten free '' section in any supermarkets , you will have to hunt for the rare products and read the labels . 
  the biomarket shops in most big shopping centres ( including kaubamaja and solaris in the city centre ) sell `` natural '' products , but they are n't really a good place for general grocery shopping . 
  http://kivipaber.ee/en/ is a good restaurant-bar in kalamaja that only has gluten-free food . 
  if we get rid of dst ( we should ) , then i hope the people who campaign for `` lets stay on summer time year round '' do n't get their way . 
  time zones make partial sense , dst used to make some sense ( although not really in the modern world ) . 
  but summer time year round is just silly . 
  instead of just getting up earlier , let 's mess with timekeeping , so you can set your alarm for 8am instead of 7am ? 
  and then advance the clocks every few years once people get too comfortable with the new time ? 
  all this will be a lot more fun with mars though . 
  then we will have timezones where the length of the day and year are different !, 
  this article seems to follow a somewhat common anti-wisdom , that i 've experienced myself : after spending years learning and practicing something , you finally know enough about the field to come up with the `` shortest path '' to this knowledge . 
  * `` if i had spent the first few years on the underlying theory , i could have learned it in half the time !, 
  but the mistake is in forgetting * why * you started in the first place : it was n't to become a professional programmer with a well-rounded knowledge of computer science . 
  you started because you wanted to create a computer game , or to keep track of your fantasy football team , or to make the lego robot chase your cat , or something . 
  the `` shortest path '' does n't provide any positive feedback or perhaps even enjoyment of learning until you get to the destination , and will make beginners quit instead . 
  to get around the wsj and some other paywalls , copy the link or article title into google , search for it , and click on the google search result . 
  shows full article . 
  this is because google does not allow showing different content to its search bots and visitors arriving via google . 
  if wsj wants the entire article text to be indexed by google , then it must show the entire article text to via-google visitors . 
  if they can not make it safe enough to board and secure while at sea , could they even bring it into port ? 
  if the risk of blowing up remains , then you ca n't really sail it past the cruise ships and waterfront restaurants at port canaveral . 
  and if they ca n't bring it back , then they will have to figure out a way of throwing it overboard ... 
  it 's more than `` knowing personally '' really ? 
  he 's one of the first investors in both spacex and tesla , and sits on the boards of both companies . 
   this went on until the criminal guy was killed in a standoff with officers . 
  and now my friend lives peacefully without such issues . 
  so the highlander solution would be to kill everyone else with the same name , until there is only one remaining ? 
  http://www.mroom.com/et/ near kaubamaja has been all ok so far . 
  they do n't pre-book times , and the waiting time can sometimes be a over an hour . 
  but there 's free beer and coffee to make the waiting easier . 
  cats like running water more than bowls because in nature running water is cleaner than ponds . 
  get them a water fountain : http://www.amazon.com/best-sellers-pet-supplies-cat-fountains/zgbs/pet-supplies/2975263011, 
  the best i understand it : someone proposes a project . 
  the dao members then vote whether to fund it . 
  if approved , they get the funding from the dao pool , and are supposed to eventually pay the profits back into the pool . 
  what actually happens should be a great source of comedy gold . 
  i 'm not part of the `` minecraft community '' ... but all of these seem actually fairly relaxed and hobbyist-friendly . 
  if you want to sell shipping containers of foam `` diamond pickaxes '' , start a big minecraft server hosting company , or make a car commercial with minecraft , then i 'm sure your lawyers and microsoft 's lawyers can figure out a real licensing deal . 
  that 's the confusion the article refers to though . 
  for example , my ( eu ) country 's law does not have `` public domain '' as a separate concept which you can `` place things into '' . 
  it just says that the copyright restrictions are over after 70 years of the author 's death . 
  so `` this work is in the public domain '' is meaningless , if the author is still alive . 
  if the author instead says `` anyone can use it for any purpose for free '' , then that 's a copyright license , and probably valid . 
  most people would not care about the difference , and i would guess that if it went to court the first would be also treated as a license , but it 's just easier using a standard license like mit , bsd or creative commons ? 
  there 's no way even a falcon heavy rud could break up a 50-ton block of lead . 
  it would fall into the ocean and could be fished out in one piece . 
  regarding that ... what is the best way currently to set up forwarding-only email addresses on your domain ? 
  i used google apps for that back when it was free , but now it 's $ 60/year per email , and i do n't really need the whole google setup . 
  rocket launches still are a more often than weekly event : https://spaceflightnow.com/launch-schedule/, 
  92 launches total in 2014 , 86 in 2015 , and already 33 so far in 2016 . 
  most of these are much more boring to follow than spacex launches though , even if some of them have live streams or are manned . 
  it 's now in view !, 
  that looks very full-featured , but i 'd like something with minimal features - forwarding * only * ( to my main gmail address ) , with no filtering or inboxes . 
  sure , all `` old nerds '' i know of are married . 
  somewhere around age 25 to 30 , `` being a nerd '' changes into `` great husband candidate '' . 
  no , he zoomed in manually and kept it pointed . 
  i understand you are not studying in estonia , right ? 
  maybe try contacting someone at engineering departments at the tallinn university of technology , or student groups there ? 
  they have courses on mechanics , energy engineering , etc , and students there also need to do internships as part of their studies . 
  maybe they are willing to point others in the right direction as well ? 
  the job boards to look at are http://www.workinestonia.com/latest-offers/ , http://www.cvkeskus.ee/ , and http://www.cv.ee/ . 
  all of them have the site in english and many ads in english as well . 
  but internships might not be listed there . 
  it would be a good idea to search the job boards to see which companies are hiring in the fields you are interested in , look directly at their website to see what they do , and then email someone there directly to ask if they have internship openings . 
  especially at smaller companies , there might not be an official internship program that they recruit for , but they might just create a spot for you if they like you . 
  i agree that it 's a good idea to remove leaks if someone from spacex asks you to directly . 
  it is worth keeping a good relationship with them . 
  but if there 's some engineering details posted elsewhere on the web , even behind a paywall ( l2 comes to mind ) ? 
  then i do n't see a problem with linking or reposting it here . 
  * unlike fiction and art , factual information is not copyrightable . 
  * people from europe , russia , north korea and whereever have already found it . 
  keeping a link out of / r/spacex only penalises fans here , but does n't do anything for putting the engineering secrets back in the bag . 
  can you drive using pacenotes ? 
  because a finnish gps is only going to have rally pacenotes . 
  you wo n't be able to buy the first mars rock , as there are some [ billionaire space buffs who like to collect that stuff ] ( https://www.flickr.com/photos/jurvetson/albums/72157623704246792 ) who will outbid you . 
  maybe the second one . 
  helium-3 is a potential fuel for a nuclear * fusion * reactor ... something we currently do n't have . 
  it 's very unlikely that there will be fusion reactor producing useful output energy in the next 20 years on earth , let alone something small enough for launching into space . 
  there 's a pretty good space news website https://www.nasaspaceflight.com/ , along with forums . 
  some sub-forums require a paid subscription called l2 ( https://www.nasaspaceflight.com/l2/ ) , where lots of historical and new videos , documents and sometimes leaks about space are posted . 
  what are they rumoured to be behind in ?
