  since `` pretty much everyone '' has a smartphone , i think it would make more sense to have this as an installable app . 
  the benefits compared to a sms-sending website would be :, 
  * sms will eventually start costing you money . 
  perhaps you can find a free api for it at first , but once you get to serious numbers of users and/or non-spacex launches , the free plan will run out . 
  for example twilio charges about 1 cent per sms in volume . 
  * works everywhere in the world . 
  sms providers tend to be limited to a single country , or require signup/monthly fees per country if they support multiple ones . 
  * an app could make the rescheduling dynamic , like the snooze functionality in an alarm clock . 
  * privacy , no need to give out your mobile number and no risk of getting the user database leaked . 
  but that said , sms based reminders would still be better than no reminders at all , so i 'd be happy to use it if that 's what you want to build , 
  i can , but i 'm wondering if i * should * ? 
  there are about 50 different forms , and if i go the ajax route , i would like to find or write a library that can handle all popups and their forms based on whatever html the popup content url returns . 
  do you think this will end up easier and/or more maintainable than the current solution ? 
  why would any miner leave this setting on and refuse transactions with * absurdly large mining fees * as bonus , especially if other miners can still claim them ? 
  just for the good of bitcoin ? 
  given that each year has about 200 productive workdays , you are almost up to 2 years of full-time ksp playing !, 
  overselling is ubiquitous , and beneficial to both the isp and its customers . 
  but that does n't mean that advertising it as `` unlimited '' should be allowed . 
  if the isp does n't want the customers actually using the full advertised speed 24/7 , they should be required to mention the maximum transfer amount per month in bold text in the advert , not somewhere deep inside the terms & conditions , or even worse `` when we subjectively think you are abusing the network '' . 
  advertise it as 500mbit top speed , 7tb/month data cap . 
  or in terms of speed , 500mbit burst , 10mbit sustained . 
  the quick and succinct `` no '' was there because 1000 ** km ** is ten times more than the usually accepted space boundary at 100km , and well above the iss and most low earth orbit satellites . 
  i 'm not sure i understand your * concerns * . 
  concern trolling is only trolling if deliberate : if people express fake concern on purpose . 
  but that seems extremely far-fetched , i 've never noticed any trolling on / r/spacex , and an unofficial fan community on the internet is the last place a competitor would care about influencing . 
  to me , / r/spacex seems extremely , super-hyped and optimistic about spacex 's work , progress and expects them to deliver on all of their plans sooner or later . 
  so if some / r/spacex fans are for example less optimistic about launch dates or the timeline of getting reusability working profitably or something else than the most enthusiastic fans , and they mention this , why is it a bad thing ? 
  and why would spacex employees get upset if a small fraction of the internet fans thinks their launches might get delayed ? 
  it should be entirely technically possible to build such a tank . 
  but it just does n't seem cost or engineer-time effective to design and build , given that right now already existing progress ships can boost the station , and in a few years so will the us human-rated capsules . 
   and drive in circles really fast ? 
  that pretty much * is * orbiting . 
  sending it to space as an independent satellite is expensive ( tens to hundreds of millions of dollars expensive ) , so it makes sense to do as much preliminary testing on earth as possible . 
  sending it to the iss as an experiment would be cheaper , but the only thing it would help with is having plenty of vacuum . 
  if it 's attached to the iss , you still have lots of potential sources of error from vibration , atmospheric drag , docking and undocking ships , minuscule leaks from thrusters or whatever , and so on . 
  and even if you put it on a satellite that 's very far from earth , there are still extra error factors that need to be considered and accounted for before the results are conclusive : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pioneer_anomaly, 
  if you were an independent contractor , and there was no mention of ip rights in the contract , then there is a good chance that you own the ip for the * entire * project , not only those plugins : https://www.gov.uk/ownership-of-copyright-works#works-created-for-an-employer, 
  sure , you * can * cook without them . 
  but without proper good quality equipment , and lots of * space * in the kitchen to put them , cooking becomes incredibly frustrating . 
  i used to live in a bunch of student houses while in college . 
  the kitchens were often super tiny and cramped - barely room for two plates between the stove and sink . 
  some wobbly old pots and pans that some student had left there years ago . 
  and after cooking , i would have to carry the plates to my room to have somewhere to sit down , and then get back to wash up before housemates yell at me for leaving the crap out . 
  i can assure you that making a tasty , multi-step meal was the last thing i wanted to do in that kitchen . 
  if you 're looking at estonian emigration to anywhere , then there are going to be two very different groups :, 
  * v\u00e4liseestlased , or `` foreign estonians '' : people who emigrated during and shortly after wwii , and to a lesser extent later during the soviet occupation . 
  they escaped for political reasons , and formed small communities to keep the estonian culture , language and even `` government in exile '' alive abroad . 
  some of them or their children returned after re-independence . 
  for example our current president is from an `` foreign estonian '' family . 
  * people who emigrated after re-independence . 
  they left for usual reasons : studying abroad , jobs abroad , marrying someone abroad , etc. 
  it seems to me that they are far less organised , especially since now all the language/culture stuff can happen in estonia itself just fine . 
  that said , i think `` culture persists '' to a very moderate level . 
  when i was studying abroad , estonians kept up-to-date with news from home now and then , and met for drinks every couple of months , but that 's about it . 
  it seems uncommon to need a lawyer for starting a business . 
  do you have anything specific that you are looking for ? 
  if it 's something reasonably simple like an overview of estonian law on x , i can ask some non-practicing lawyer friends ( law degree , allowed to represent in all matters except criminal defence in court ) if they are free . 
  if it 's something more specific or detailed , i 've heard in passing that http://www.sorainen.com/ is supposed to be good ( and expensive ) . 
  i 'm still unsure of the size . 
  could we get more for-scale comparisons to other fruits , vegetables and items ? 
  aha , so you need a local representative who can file forms and receive letters and such on your behalf - but no need for complex international legal advice and no expectation of being sued ? 
  then yes , sorainen is going to be waaaay unnecessary . 
  you can still ask them , but i suspect that they would be unreasonably expensive . 
  if you just need a local representative for paperwork , then you most likely want a notary public and/or accountant , not a lawyer . 
  notary publics are listed here : https://www.notar.ee/?set_lang_id=2 . 
  they can found companies , marry people , act as a certified witness to contracts , etc. 
  unfortunately i do n't know who to recommend , since i 've handled all my business paperwork myself . 
   i ca n't do anything from where i am, 
  maybe you can ? 
  since you can get on the internet , you can :, 
  * apply for estonian e-residency at any estonian embassy ( https://e-estonia.com/e-residents/about/ ) - this gives you an id card with encryption keys , and then, 
  * sign in online to the companies registry , and register a company . 
  takes about 20 minutes . 
  * you only * need * to visit or get a notary to represent you for one thing : opening a bank account , as they require it to be done in person for anti-money-laundering regulations . 
  the starting capital is still 2500 eur . 
  but now it does n't have to be in form of cash paid in , but it can be a `` promise to pay by the founders '' , which is a form of capital of the company . 
  so if the company ends up owing people money , and it has no cash left , then they can always reclaim up to 2500 from the founders . 
  prison is supposed to be about rehabilitation , not punishment . 
  which is exactly why ( understandably angry ) victims should have no say at all about sentencing . 
   who told you that ? 
   i understand i am in the wrong , i am not disputing that . 
  well , what kind of outcome are you expecting from / r/legaladvice ? 
  if your property is not up to local regulations , then yes , she can call the cops on you without introducing herself first , even if a reasonable neighbour woud not care , and even if the police have better things to do . 
   i just feel like i am at a point now where i better watch where we rake the mowed grass , lest a blade falls on her property and she calls the cops for littering, 
  you could try to bake her a cake , invite her over to a nice dinner , or get on her good side somehow otherwise . 
  or follow all laws and regulations to the letter , leaving her nothing to legally complain about . 
  but you ca n't force someone not to report you breaking those laws or regulations . 
  if one was below nominal thrust , then how come the craft did n't start spinning from imbalanced thrust ? 
  can the superdracos gimbal , or did a computer lower throttle in the other engines ( or just the single opposite one ) to match ? 
  one risk with buying pre-registered shelf companies is that they * might * already have some hidden responsibilities . 
  these sellers promise that no economic activity has occurred - but if someone shows up later with a contract or loan signed by the previous owners , then it 's still the company 's responsibility . 
  you * might * then have a valid court claim against the seller or previous owners ... but it 's going to be annoying and time-consuming . 
  honestly i do n't understand how these shelf company sellers are still in business , given that now you can start a brand new one faster and cheaper . 
  sure there are good reasons :, 
  * the financial state of early startups is often far more dire than it seems . 
  if you have two months of cash left , then employees might start focusing on job-hunting instead of their current work . 
  whereas the founders would want them to stay motivated and work hard until the day money runs out , on the chance that an investment or big customer deal comes through . 
  and even if it does , people who are actively job-hunting are more likely to stumble on another good opportunity and leave . 
  * it can be important to keep burn rates , cap tables , investor lists , and other financial details secret from competitors - and perhaps even from new vaguely potential investors until you 've had a chance to get them interested in the business . 
  the more people that know this information , the more likely it is that it will leak .
