  for a book list , have a look at some highschool reading list for example : http://www.arte.edu.ee/et/node/139 . 
  the ones in the later classes usually tend to be pretty reasonable choices from world and estonian authors , although focused on classics rather than modern authors . 
  the biggest it related online forum is http://foorum.hinnavaatlus.ee/ . 
  it 's mostly focused on hardware and trading hardware , but there are a bunch of other topics as well . 
  the `` non-computer related , everything goes '' subforum at http://foorum.hinnavaatlus.ee/viewforum.php?f=66 requires a donation of 4 euros per year , the rest is free . 
  not just willing . 
  iranian forces are already fighting is in iraq . 
   the question is - what if another bubble , and round of adoption occurs ? 
  are you betting that it wont ? 
  the main misconception in / r/bitcoin is that people here are traders and enthusiasts `` bearish '' on the bitcoin price , betting on the price falling . 
  instead , people are butters because they believe that the almost everyone involved in the bitcoin community : developers , miners , holders , sellers , businesses , exchanges , etc are a bunch of toxic scam artists and greed-driven snake-oil promoters . 
  no doubt that some of them have got rich off bitcoin , and some more will in the future , but that does n't change the viewpoint . 
  half of the investors in madoff 's `` investment fund '' also made a profit !, 
  / r/buttcoin is n't / r/bitcoinmarkets with a bearish outlook . 
  it 's a mix of / r/nottheonion , / r/justneckbeardthings and / r/conspiratard with bitcoin as the main topic that provides the comedy gold . 
  falling prices , especially bubbles popping just tend to provide the most comedy gold . 
   the launch abort system in this case was faulty , and should 've fired much earlier . 
  just read this at http://www.americaspace.com/?p=42882:, 
  this urgency was intensified when it became clear that the raging inferno had burned through the wiring which should have triggered the rocket 's escape system to fire , ... . 
  titov and strekalov had no controls in the descent module to permit them to manually activate the escape system . 
  the only chance to override it was to use a backup radio command - but that required a pair of controllers , located in different rooms in a different building more than 20 miles from the pad , to press their buttons within five seconds of one another.not only that , but in order for them to be in a position to do this , they each had to receive a code word ( `` dnestr '' ) , independently , from both shumilin and the rocket 's technical leader , a man named soldatenkov . 
  by the time all of these steps had been concluded , 10 seconds had elapsed and titov and strekalov 's booster was literally engulfed in flames and dangerously close to an explosion . 
  do you know why the procedure for the radio abort signal was so complicated ? 
  were they trying to avoid human error ( but having codewords seems excessive for that ) ? 
  or were they afraid of deliberate sabotage ? 
  you know what would be even awesome ? 
  if you could link your exchange-rate-protected ( = not actual bitcoin ) circle account with coinbase for payments . 
  so that you can transfer money via usd credit card -  circle usd account -  coinbase -  usd to merchant 's bank account , and still orgasm at the thought of bitcoin payments , even without you or any of the middlemen ever actually having any bitcoin . 
   the agency has filed criminal charges against the wrong person . 
  the duty they owe is to not do that . 
  no they do n't . 
  after all , * every * case that ends in a `` not guilty '' verdict is criminal charges against the wrong person . 
  there is never 100 % certainty in having the right suspect , otherwise nobody could be charged with a crime at all before found guilty ? 
  the agency might have a duty not to be grossly negligent in charging a suspect ( for example throwing darts at a phonebook ) . 
  but if a suspect is arrested , gives a full name , date of birth and address that checks out , and maybe even looks similar to a photo on file , then its reasonable to use that information and let the courts figure out the guilt . 
  i think nasa does n't really care if they stop working . 
  but rather , it means that the funding decision may be revised due to the protest , and the current winners should not expect to be able to claim awards or reimbursement for work done after nasa has told them to stop . 
  if ioc stays the way it is for a few more games , i wonder if an alternative competition would arise to replace olympics . 
  at least for the winter games , i 'm sure the nordic countries could get together , start a new organisation , and hold a reasonably priced competition with a good fraction of the best athletes taking part . 
  bin packing is a np-complete problem , so yes , an optimal but efficient solution would be worth billions , along with the guaranteed fields medal and turing award . 
  but i think you are overestimating the value of solutions to this puzzle to vistaprint 's business . 
  shipping small packages is generally priced by weight , not box size . 
  so saving 10 % on box sizes wo n't really help there . 
  the price of manufacturing boxes does depend on their surface area ( = cardboard required ) as in the puzzle , but order size is far more important . 
  it 's much cheaper to get a million boxes in a few different sizes that are always too big , rather than the perfect size for each shipment . 
  also , you might need to add padding foam or bubble wrap for the more fragile items , which you can squeeze into any gaps . 
  so having just a couple of standard box sizes is even easier . 
  overall , i think this is a marketing or recruitment competition , rather than actually trying to find a new way to pack their boxes . 
   guys do n't look at what your btc is worth in fiat . 
  just focus on how many btc you have . 
  but instead of a bitcoin , you could instead get a * million * dogecoins !, 
  that 's a million times more coins !, 
  by [ open ] , they mean the system call for opening a plain file for writing bytes . 
  besides tarbijakaitseamet ( that seems to mostly focus on complaints like `` my microwave broke in two weeks '' ) , maybe the tallinn tourism board in the city government can do something ? 
  `` koos '' means `` together '' . 
  i think it is showing support for the gender-neutral civil unions which were voted into a law today : http://news.err.ee/v/politics/29171d86-b6b6-4625-8e5e-3938654ac411, 
  the all-time winner of local news stories : http://www.southwales-eveningpost.co.uk/llwchwr-town-council-considers-colour-photocopier/story-19896596-detail/story.html, 
  sort of yes . 
  if the consultant accepts money from the end user , they are supposed to work in the best interest of the end user . 
  if they recommend a product which is inferior or more expensive because of kickbacks by the manufacturer , then the * end user , but not you * might have a valid complaint against them . 
  but referral fees and promotional deals are very common in various fields of business - for example , in most supermarkets the manufacturers have to pay to get the best positions on the shelf . 
  it 's hard to say whether anything actually illegal happens here , and it would be up to the end user ( who is harmed ) , not you ( who is not part of the deal ) to raise the issue for any conflict of interest . 
  the easiest solution might be to raise your prices and offer kickbacks to the consultants like the other vendors . 
  you might also try to run an advertising campaign targeting the end users directly , so that they * ask * the consultants for your product - but this might be much more difficult and expensive . 
  your math makes no sense . 
  why are you dividing the percentage by the number of years the program runs ? 
  for every $ 1m spacex spends , it gets $ 25k back . 
  that 's 2.5 % . 
  it does n't depend on the year or the duration of the program . 
  if they spend $ 2m per year , they still get 2.5 % back every year , not 0.25 % . 
  i 'm waiting for the movie adaption . 
   do you happen to know/remember how long it takes to become eligible for the national health insurance in estonia ? 
  it takes 14 days from starting employment in estonia ( or maybe 14 days from the time the employer first pays social security tax on your behalf ) . 
  but note that you still need to be employed by or a board member an estonian company that pays social security tax for you to get it at all . 
  there 's an option to just pay an insurance premium yourself instead of the tax , but that 's again only available for people who were previously employed here for at least a year . 
  if you are not going to be looking for a local job , then it might be possible to register a company in estonia , and do some part of the contracting or side project work through that , and pay yourself a small salary with social security tax ? 
  the business taxes are pretty low ( 0 % on profits that stay in the company , 21 % flat tax when paying money out of the company to yourself as dividends ) compared to most countries in eu , so it might be a good option anyway . 
  you 'd be surprised . 
  there are photographers ( i think both enthusiasts and people hired by car magazines or manufacturers ) who specifically go looking for the latest model test drives . 
  see http://www.worldcarfans.com/category/spy-photos for example . 
  i 'm not very familiar with their advanced type systems . 
  but how would you use types to ensure correctness of for example functions computing mean , median and geometric mean of a list , while keeping the correctness proof shorter and easier to write than the functions themselves plus a few tests ? 
  all of these functions would take a list of real numbers , and return a real number of the same type as the arguments , just computed very slightly differently . 
  and mean vs median is an extremely simple pure function . 
  using types to prove that a function sends email to the right person with the right contents , or displays a popup in the right position on screen seems outright impossible . 
  you have convinced me , we should move the moon to mars . 
  that 's still `` us , canada and australia '' , 
  reddit is a very international audience , everyone means really the entire world . 
  well , she has better technology now : http://i.imgur.com/wvrde.jpg, 
   it 's not a crusade until the pope sanctions it . 
  he already did in august : http://www.businessinsider.com/pope-francis-endorses-use-of-force-against-isis-in-iraq-2014-8, 
  there 's two reasons for this :, 
  * in other countries , some utilities are paid as part of rent or local taxes . 
  in estonia , they are always billed separately from rent . 
  * heating in winter can be very expensive . 
  my utility bills are usually 3x more expensive in february than they are in july . 
  but this depends a lot on the type of heating source and quality of heat insulation in the building . 
  the 280 eur/month for 85m ^ 2 apartment on that page seems to be a reasonable estimate for the middle of winter , but it should be much cheaper for the rest of the year . 
  the problem with those schools and bootcamps is that they market themselves to people with zero previous development experience , and give the impression that completing the boot camp is sufficient to get a job as a junior developer . 
  yes , a competent dev can always find work , but a few weeks at a boot camp does not take you from zero to a competent developer .
