  that takes years of independent learning on personal projects , whether you also attend some education institution or not . 
  as you are debating this , also consider the impact on the relationship between your father and your mother , in the unlikely case that the test turns out negative . 
   can anyone explain what the person on the other side of the table knows and why one should not buy or sell a security ? 
  if you are buying or selling stock in a company , then someone must be the other side of the transaction - selling or buying it from you . 
  and that someone is more likely than not a professional trader , investment fund , hedge fund , etc. 
  and they are way more likely to make the right decision than you are . 
  unless you get know something important before everyone else does about the company or the broader market , you wo n't make a profit with frequently trading individual stocks . 
  conda looks very interesting - the ability to install numpy/scipy without tens of c libraries and a working fortran compiler is certainly a great benefit !, 
  do conda packages usually stay up-to-date with the pypi versions ? 
  thanks , i 'll definitely look into conda . 
  getting numpy , scipy and pillow built with all the c and fortran dependencies is always a pain . 
  you could become a maglev train driver , and get paid for it . 
  thanks for the thorough explanation !, 
  i would recommend adding a location field . 
  people 's opinion about news sources is going to depend a lot on their country and culture . 
  this link does n't work . 
  you ca n't embed html in reddit posts . 
  i 've been involved with development outsourcing on both the customer and developer side to various countries over the years . 
  it seems to me that there * is * a cultural difference . 
  eastern europeans tend to be very `` straight to the point '' in communication , to the point that might sometimes seem rude . 
  if you tell them to build something , they will tell you if your idea is technically shit , and will propose an alternative solution instead . 
  meanwhile , my experiences in outsourcing to india and pakistan was that the people very extremely polite in their emails , and always said `` yes '' to every question . 
  it seems that questioning managers is not allowed in their culture . 
  but as a result , i could never tell if they actually understood the tasks at all , and usually they did not . 
  i agree with that completely . 
  the most amazing thing about ksp is that as you progress , you level up * your knowledge of physics , maths and astronomy * , not an in-game character 's skill points . 
  sure they do !, 
  engineers at every modern tech company can easily get a company credit card from their boss for buying stuff up to $ 500 or so , or just put it on their own credit card and expense it back at the end of the month . 
  engineers at apple , adobe , twitter etc absolutely can do this - their time costs the company around $ 100/hr , so nobody is phased by a few hundred dollars for productivity software . 
  but they are most likely right that they do n't have permission to negotiate $ 10k-100k site licenses . 
  so , as the first step , come up with clear pricing for single-user one-year licenses . 
  make it somewhere between $ 100 and $ 500 , because that 's in the range that usual employees can put on the company card without paperwork . 
  then email all of these users again , and remind them that they * must * buy a license - it 's not optional , if they downloaded and ran the software at work , they are currently pirating it . 
  if they refuse to buy , email the legal department at the company , and mention that your software is being used without a license in the company . 
  they will take the copyright infringement very seriously . 
  ask them to audit their company 's computers , and figure out how many licenses they need to buy - and offer an one-year site license with no user number restriction and no audit necessary for something like $ 10k or $ 50k . 
  do n't make this email angry , or threaten a lawsuit - make it just factual `` you need to buy licenses '' , and add a bit of sales pitch how your software helps to make their engineers more productive , and every one of them in the company should use it . 
  chances are that they will not want to bother with the audit , and just get a site license . 
  if the legal department also refuses to buy a single license for every user or a site license , look into your logs and find out the number of people still using the software , and their email addresses . 
  go back with that info , and be more strict in demanding a license fee this time , maybe with a hint of a lawsuit . 
  but do n't mention a lawsuit too early , since it may make the other side block all communication with you to avoid accidentally giving you any extra evidence . 
  i know that other people have recommended improving the software as a way to get more sales , which you can do as well . 
  but if people at tech companies are using it right now , then you absolutely can monetize it right now . 
  anything work related and under $ 500 is basically `` petty cash '' to these companies , and * can * be bought with just the engineer 's team lead 's permission . 
  and legal departments at these companies * will * take their engineers ' license infringement seriously . 
  also , if your software is mostly useful for professional engineers , consider removing the free version entirely , and making it a time-limited trial . 
  you can later give out free license keys to students or open-source projects on a case-by-case basis . 
  do you live in a potato ? 
  because even some mars orbiters have a 6mbps data link . 
  i 'm sure it was n't felix 's decision . 
  red bull funded his jump , and media attention and marketing is the entire reason why red bull funds extreme sports and stunts . 
   you can just call finish ( ) and then startactivity ( new intent ( this , calendaractivity.class ) ) ;, 
  that works if i 'm currently in `` home '' -  `` friends '' . 
  but the user is currently in `` home '' -  `` friends '' -  `` messages to one friend '' -  `` one photo '' , and chooses calendar from the navigation drawer , then i need to finish ( ) three activities : `` one photo '' ( easy , it 's the current activity ) , but also `` messages to one friend '' and `` friends '' before i launch the calendar activity . 
  so somehow i need to figure out what other activities are below the current one in the back stack , and tell them to close as well - or maybe there is an option to make android do this with the activity 's launchmode and intent flags ? 
  it seems to me that this was just done by a bunch of accountants , not `` politicians '' who are considering the political angle . 
  they calculated the new contributions based on the latest available economic data , and sent out an adjustment bill . 
  now it might seem like a politically tactless thing to do given the popularity of eurosceptics in the uk , but i 'm not sure that it 's the * wrong * thing to do . 
  if anti-eu political statements are sufficient to get out of previously agreed on contribution deals , then why should n't every country in the eu try to do the same ? 
  thanks , i 'll give clearing the entire task of all activities a try !, 
  hmm , i like this . 
  with this approach , i could set the main activity 's launchmode = `` singletop '' so that there only ever exists one instance in the app , and use flag_activity_clear_top in the intent . 
  this should result in all activities on top of main being cleared away , and main activity 's onnewintent ( ) being called , from where i can launch the feature activity on top of it . 
  do n't really care . 
  the character 's look should just fit the story and atmosphere of the game . 
  graphic style : realistic with a hint of sci-fi or steampunk . 
  neither . 
  i like my games as linear interactive scifi stories with a bit of shooting : like half-life 1 & 2 , mass effect . 
  any character customisation or leveling options are annoying . 
  kerbal space program, 
   what are the biggest cultural differences between living in tartu versus tallinn ? 
  tartu is an university city . 
  tallinn is the capital . 
  everyone and everything that happens in tartu has some connection to the university , and everything is within walking distance . 
  tallinn is bigger and has more stuff going on , but it does n't feel as much of a `` community '' . 
  that 's really the biggest cultural difference . 
   which city has more wealthy people ? 
  salaries in tallinn tend to be 20 % higher or so . 
   lower crime ? 
  but both are much safer than huge cities in europe or us . 
   estonia is known for having a large tech entrepreneur community , in which city is it more concentrated ? 
  there are more startups in tallinn , and seemingly more entrepreneur events happening in tallinn . 
  * relative to population * , i 'm not so sure - a few of the large it companies and startups have their main offices in tartu , so per person it might be pretty even . 
  besides , engineering is n't free . 
  getting this abort mode to work would need hundreds of engineers working on it for years , test flights , and so on . 
  that time and money would be better spent on making the first stage fail less often . 
  or maybe just on buying insurance for the payload . 
  sure , if all other things were equal , but i do n't think they would be equal . 
  my guess is that if you have some amount of engineers ' time and money available , it might be more effective to focus on `` exploding less often '' , rather than `` successful abort after exploding '' . 
   do n't unhook it , or if you do , do it away from anywhere you ever normally go since once disconnected , it pings and it can keep pinging for weeks on it 's internal battery . 
  so ... tape a few magnets onto it , and snap it to someone else 's car or a cross-country bus ? 
  edit : and do n't make it look like you are planting a bomb , or you will have bigger problems than a repo man chasing you . 
  `` make it through winter '' is such a strange phrase for a space station that travels between summer-winter or autumn-spring every 45 minutes . 
  you are thinking of the rd-180 engines , which the boeing/lockheed atlas 5 uses . 
  this rocket uses nk-33s , which really did sit in a scrap warehouse for 40 years . 
   $ 50,000 , so that his business is able to renew their state license . 
  the state requires the company to have this amount in assets to renew their license . 
   my worry is if the business is sued or of assets are seized , i may never get my money back . 
  the entire point of regulations that require some type of businesses to have at least $ x in assets is that if the business is sued , then they have enough assets to pay for any damages or fines . 
  if your money is actually available to the business , then it can be seized .
