  a small number of people might have the entire thing , and keep the app open to share it with others . 
  a new user joining the sharing group starts by downloading random chunks from other random users . 
  after that , he keeps downloading random chunks from others , and uploading chunks that he already has to others . 
  the latter part is important , because bittorrent apps * reward peers who send you chunks * . 
  if another user sends you chunks , you automatically respond by sending them chunks in return . 
  so the faster your upload speed , the faster your peers are willing to send you data , and the faster you get the entire movie . 
  if you never upload , you might still randomly get a chunk every now and then , but your downloads will be painfully slow . 
  rewards for uploading are built into the technology , and no app that i know of allows users to disable it entirely . 
  this has interesting implications , since the legality of downloading vs uploading is often different . 
  the standard way is that the company issues * new * shares for the investors . 
  this is equivalent to everyone proportionally giving up 30 % of their own shares . 
  for example , if you start with 57 , 33 and 10 shares ( total = 100 ) , then 43 new shares are created for the new investors ( total = 143 ) . 
  now the investors own 43/143 = 30 % of the total shares , and everyone else 's ownership is proportionally 30 % smaller . 
  but the main thing to note is that it 's the * company * selling the new shares , not the existing owners . 
  the money goes into the company 's bank account for future business needs , not to you personally . 
  it 's pretty rare for investors to allow the founders to cash out more than reasonable living costs in salary . 
   i 'm not sure if it 's `` thinking '' what these people are doing . 
  it looks more like herd mentality . 
  paypal is actually pretty fantastic for consumers , as they tend to side with buyers and give a full refund if there is a dispute . 
  that 's not so great for merchants . 
  but it does mean i can order stuff from a random ebay seller in china without having to worry about getting scammed , whereas i 'd never risk doing business with them without such insurance . 
  this is a marketing survey , not academic . 
  also , since you say `` all welcome '' , are the prizes shipped to people anywhere in the world ? 
  man , that restaurant booking app was the most scumbag thing i 've ever seen . 
  they booked spots under fake names - and if nobody paid them $ 10 in the app , then too bad . 
  ordinary customers ca n't book tables ( because they are all reserved for fake names ) , the restaurant loses money from the vacant tables , and the app developer does n't care since it 's not * their * name on the booking . 
  other event ticket scalpers might be scumbags , but at least they pay the venue/artist the original price , and take the risk of nobody buying from them . 
  depends on what do you actually want to do ? 
  go for the mba if you want to go for the management career path in large companies . 
  go for the startup if you want to work in startups . 
  there 's a big gap between `` weekly '' and `` never '' . 
  i would have chosen `` weekly in winter '' if that was an option . 
  electric trams with overhead lines also feed power back to the grid when braking . 
  and surely maintaining the overhead lines is not too much extra work if you already have to maintain the rails ? 
   can you provide a source for that ? 
  i am aware of systems that recover energy which is stored locally for use in combination with the pantograph , but i am not aware of any that actually feed power back to the grid . 
  all the sources i found are in estonian - the local tram & trolleybus agency had a project together with a technical university , where they upgraded the old trams ' drives to feed power back to the overhead grid . 
  they started the upgrade in 2000 , and all news & magazine articles from 2004 onwards mention this as a standard feature . 
  all i found in english is an initial energy-inefficiency data collection report from 1998 : http://www.ene.ttu.ee/elektriajamid/teadus/artiklid/jjoller/3joller.html, 
  in other european countries , feeding regenerated power back to the grid seems to be used with inter-city electric trains : http://www.railwaygazette.com/news/policy/single-view/view/regenerative-braking-boosts-green-credentials.html, 
  interesting links , thanks . 
  upon further investigation it seems that the trams here feed regenerated power back to the grid , and the trolleybuses charge supercapacitors which hold enough energy to drive 500 meters . 
  i wonder which approach works better . 
   what aspects of the buying/selling process on existing sites do you think can be improved upon to get more people onboard ? 
  i think the existing sites are reasonably good for buyers . 
  but for casual sellers ( not businesses who list 100s of items every week ) , the hassle of taking good photos , writing a description , listing , talking to buyers , packaging and going to the post office is n't worth the $ 20 that you * might * make . 
  even worse , paypal tends to always side with the buyer in disputes ( great for customers , but leaves sellers open to scams ) , and if you list something as an auction , you might have to sell it for $ 5 instead of $ 20 . 
  one idea for improving classifieds for casual sellers would be to remove the `` auctions have and end time and are final '' rule . 
  people have plenty of stuff at home that they would be happy to sell * if a good offer comes along * , but do n't want to sell no matter what at the end of the auction timer . 
  so my idea for a casual classifieds site : sellers post photos of all the things they have at home that they * might * be willing to sell , even if they do n't have serious plans for it yet . 
  no auction , no ending time , no price displayed . 
  buyers can browse the site , and send offers to sellers . 
  if the offer interests the seller , they can negotiate , meet up and trade , but if not they can just ignore it . 
  making it as effortless as possible to add listings should open up a lot of inventory from people who find listing on ebay too much hassle . 
  you might want to add a field for location . 
  the responses from various european countries are going to be very different than from the us . 
  good luck with the survey , even though i think doctors/dentists with their own private practice would spend their free time sipping martinis on their yacht instead of hanging out in / r/samplesize ... 
  gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol gol !, 
  have i not lived in tallinn long enough , because i 've never noticed the alco-tourists to be that bad ? 
  unlike the brits on stag parties , they do n't get into fights in the streets and piss & puke everywhere . 
  it seems that the alco-tourists just come over for a day , buy overpriced meals and beer from * vanalinn * , and leave after buying a trolley-full of beer from the port . 
  i mean , i would n't call them respectable , but they do n't seem to outright bother anyone , and leave plenty of taxes in estonia ? 
  i think you took his description too seriously - it 's a sarcastic exaggeration , 
   i think this is what was confusing me , but since the value of c is a constant of nature , and we need something to use as a basis for determining how long a ` thing ' is , be it a meter , foot or planet , it makes sense to use c divided by some value of time to arrive at that definition of length . 
  yes , that 's the process . 
  speed of light is the * speed of light * , we just use it to define the length of a meter . 
  speed of light in * meters * per second is a chosen , not measured value . 
  ( that 's since 1983 . 
  before that , the meter was defined from other sources , and speed of light in meters per second could be measured . ), 
   but now i have to ask ... what if hypothetically the speed of light were to change ? 
  the length of a meter would also technically change , would n't it ? 
  ... yes . 
  if it changed enough for us to notice when measuring other things , we 'd go back and define the meter from some other sources again . 
  but that 's * very * hypothetical - according to current knowledge and theories , the speed of light is an universal constant . 
  you could go from quantities to unitless numbers by dividing two quantities . 
  but does it even make sense to label any physical measurement result as a rational or irrational number ? 
  all physical measurements have some uncertainty . 
  to say whether a number is rational or irrational it must be known * exactly * , to unlimited number of decimal places , and such numbers can only result from abstract maths . 
  your post left the impression that you were . 
  could you please post links to the actual judgements from an online court archive ? 
  but the 16th amendment was adopted in 1913 . 
  so income tax has now been constitutional for over 100 years . 
  this survey seems to ask about how useful various benefits of bitcoin are to consumers and merchants . 
  but it seems to leave out one huge benefit of credit cards and paypal for consumers : you can dispute and reverse transactions , and get your money back if you did n't receive the promised product or service , or if your account details were compromised . 
  it 's written from the perspective of software engineers , but have a read through http://blog.sourcing.io/visa-guide, 
  samples from one side is more than the zero sides we have so far !, 
  this is a real article from * october 2003 * . 
  note the year . 
  this is / r/oldnews not / r/worldnews material . 
   depending on the job ? 
  you may not get a contract . 
  employment contracts are fairly rare in most career fields . 
  i 'm not sure if follow-up questions unrelated to helping the op are allowed in / r/legaladvice ... but that sounds very surprising to an european . 
  where do people note down the salary , expected working hours , rules about vacation , or any other results of the negotiations if there is no contract ? 
  aha , thanks for the explanation !, 
  the surprise is based on not having an authoritative copy for these all these details in case there is a dispute between the employee and employer later on . 
  but i guess that does n't really matter if you have at-will employment in the first place . 
   i do believe that contracts can be a little too stringent . 
  they could widen the margins on the contracts by 50 % or so and still maintain the mindfulness that contracts require to execute while not making them as difficult to execute . 
  i 've been playing 0.24 only for a day now , so i have n't yet entirely made up my mind on this .
