  estimate the actual total time required with his changes based on experience , and triple it for unexpected overruns . 
  and be harsh about following the agreed description , not his later requests . 
  most of my clients have agreed to time-based billing once i explain to them that it works out best for both of us that way : with fixed price i have to increase the quote a lot for overruns , and they will get what they asked for , not what they wanted . 
  but overall , i think you should still go and see an actual lawyer with the full contract . 
  we ca n't see all the other clauses here , and they will be able to tell you if there 's a way out of it entirely . 
  which might be a lot less stressful than continuing to work on this project , even if the future payments live up to the time required . 
  well , computer science is just a spin-off of mathematics , and mathematics is just a spin-off of philosophy . 
  so it says batchelor of arts on my cs degree . 
  the judge can decide to award lawyer fees , but generally yes . 
  but this has its benefits . 
  if losers always had to pay the other side 's lawyer fees , nobody would ever risk suing large companies unless they were 99.9 % certain of a win . 
  to avoid heating up everything else in the fridge , and wasting electricity on actively cooling it ? 
  haha , thank you , thank you . 
  my first hater !, 
  but no , i 'm not pro-refugee . 
  my views on immigration policy are very simple : refugees are not our problem and we should not accept them . 
  skilled immigrants are useful for us and we should hand out working visas as much as we can . 
  and for the working visas , there should be only one rule required : do they already have a job offer that pays 2x the industry average from a local company ? 
  if yes , welcome . 
  i do n't care if they are from china , india , syria or canada if they are educated and competent specialists who increase our tax base and help local companies grow . 
  but i 'm not * worried * about the refugee crisis , they are n't going to move here , and they ones that do will leave in 2 months once they see the quality of live in vao . 
  you can certainly ask . 
  a nda can benefit you if you have specific documents or data that you want to keep private , and if the development company is in a country with reasonable legal systems ( for example us , europe , australia , etc ) . 
  if it 's just for an `` idea '' for an app , it can be difficult to prove that anything was leaked by them , and if they are in china or similar place , then good luck enforcing a contract without having friends in their local government . 
  the development company will decide whether to sign it based on two criteria :, 
  * is it a reasonable nda , one that requires them to keep your documents and plans private , but does n't prevent them from working with other clients who may independently have similar ideas ? 
  * do you seem to be a serious enough lead that will eventually sign up as a client and pay their standard rates ? 
  i work as a freelance app developer , and sign ndas for maybe half of my projects . 
  it 's usually requested by larger established companies , who are giving me access to their customer databases , future marketing plans , etc for the project . 
  i avoid ndas with `` friends of friends of friends who have an app idea '' , because these leads usually fizzle out 90 % of the time before getting to a signed deal due to lack of budget . 
  the most important question is :, 
  * do you live permanently in estonia , or elsewhere ? 
  * do the employees live permanently in estonia , or elsewhere ? 
  this will determine whether estonia taxes their salary/income or not . 
  so some initial pointers :, 
   clients of this company will be all around the world ( okay , for now it 's eu only ), 
  if the clients are in estonia , or if they are private individuals elsewhere , you will need to add 20 % vat on the invoice , and pay it to the government . 
  if the clients are vat-registered businesses in the eu , or businesses elsewhere in the world , then you do n't need to add vat . 
  you can offset the vat you did pay against vat on purchases made in estonia . 
   should i pay salary for developers and what taxes should i pay then ? 
  is it possible to pay salary to foreigners ? 
  well , you need to pay them something , otherwise they might not be eager to work for you ... 
  if the developers live in estonia , then you will need to pay estonian employment taxes ( income tax and social tax ) for them . 
  the tax rate for this is roughly 40 % - meaning for a 60 eur net payout to the employee , your total costs are approximately 100 eur . 
  there is a calculator with the full details at http://palk.crew.ee/ the same tax is applied to other benefits like gym memberships , company events , gifts etc which are for motivating employees instead of a direct business use like computers or software . 
  if the developers do not live in estonia , then you do n't need to pay estonian employment taxes for them . 
  but * they * probably need to declare and pay taxes on the income whereever they do live . 
   am i allowed to pay salary for myself . 
  sure , then the same taxes apply . 
  but the owners of the company have another more tax-efficient way of paying themselves dividends from the profits . 
  you can do this once per year , and it 's taxed at roughly 20 % ( 80 net payout , 20 for taxes ) . 
  i * think * this is taxable in estonia even if the people receiving the dividend are not living here . 
  whether you pay yourself a salary or not is up to you . 
  martenz05 mentioned tax authorities cracking down on dividend-only companies , but i do n't think this is a big concern for you . 
  the tax authorities are cracking down on 1-man companies , which offer a `` service '' to one client , and cash out all of that as `` dividend on profit '' , and therefore avoid paying 40 % employment taxes instead of 20 % dividend taxes . 
  if you have multiple owners , multiple clients , and employees who do the actual work , then you will very likely be fine even if you do not pay yourself a salary or pay just a small sum . 
  you are `` supposed to '' pay employment taxes if you do the work personally , but are absolutely allowed to claim the profit on top of other employees ' work as dividend . 
   i have lot more questions though , so if i found here a good consultant , ready to pay some money to him/her . 
  yeah , it sounds like talking to one would be very useful , unfortunately i do n't know anyone to suggest though . 
  : / you need a consultant who is familiar with both estonian taxes , and the taxes in the countries where you and your employees live to come up with the most efficient solution . 
   but with all this payments seems to be cheaper to stay local since i do n't have billions here . 
  and even in that case paying 40 % taxes sounds scaring . 
  well , i 'm almost sure that estonia does not tax salary payouts to non-residents . 
  for example http://www.emta.ee/?id=2770 ( sorry did not find an equivalent english copy ) says , that if an estonian company has employees who permanently live and work abroad , then estonia will not tax their salary at all . 
  instead , you or your employees would need to declare that as a `` foreign income '' on your russian taxes , and pay whatever is required there . 
  it would be best to find professional advice . . but at least for the estonian side of it , you can also email the tax office and ask , they are supposedly pretty responsive : http://www.emta.ee/index.php?lang=en&amp;id=973, 
  cuh-11xx is the older , cuh-12xx the newer model . 
  the newer one reportedly uses a bit less electricity and runs quieter , although some people claim that being quieter is just because of it being brand new and not full of dust in the tests . 
  i do n't think there is sufficient data to say whether the newer or the older models are more reliable in the long term . 
  hell , some 5-inch phones now have 1440 x 2560 pixel screens . 
  estonian press loves writing `` what foreigners think about estonia '' articles . 
  they probably will not care much at all about your startup or what the product does , but will happily interview you about why you decided to move to estonia to work on it . 
  there 's another calculator that feels a bit more `` personalised '' , perhaps just because it does n't show the price until the end : http://howmuchtomakeanapp.com/, 
   for starters , in my experience , it 's extremely off-putting to many clients , who believe that this indicates that you take a very cookie-cutter approach to structuring and implementing projects . 
  i run a small app development studio , and i 've thought of actually thought of putting something similar up on my page . 
  not because i actually want to provide instant quotes - i actually prefer studying the project idea more before that - but to give potential customers a rough budget to think about . 
  i mean , about every month i meet with some new lead , have multiple meetings to discuss and put together a reasonably detailed spec to base a fixed quote off ... and the quote is $ 15k when they were thinking of $ 500 . 
  do you have any suggestions on how to approach this ? 
  i could start the discussion by mentioning the minimum project size or hourly rates , but these also leave the impression that i only care about their money and not their project . 
  putting up case studies instead is a great idea !, 
  i will have to go back to some past clients and ask if they are comfortable with me publishing the project costs though . 
   but you can always supplement with your own car horn mouth noises while you are playing . 
  back in the day when playing wolfenstein 3d on a 486 , i did n't have a sound card . 
  so we had to add all sounds ourselves with friends . 
   we are currently thinking that we would give 1 % ownership to investors . 
  this sounds extremely low and unlikely . 
  the investors usually get 20-30 % between them in each investment round . 
   one percent at $ 1million equals a market cap of $ 100million . 
  technically yes . 
  but i 'm pretty sure someone is over-hyping or confusing the numbers here . 
  so this does indicate the value of the company , * if * the investors agree to it . 
  but the investors are not going to throw in $ 1m for a random percentage like 1 % ... they will try to calculate the current actual value of your company , and base their offer and the % they will take based on that . 
  if they think that the current value of the company is $ 3m , then their $ 1m investment would result in a $ 4m total new value and a 25 % share for them . 
  this current value might be somewhere around 10x last year 's profit or 1x last year 's revenue , unless there is a good reason to predict explosive growth . 
   what if we sell $ 1billion in 5 years that makes for a big problem . 
  i 'm not sure what the problem is ? 
  * if these investors exist * , and if this happened , then they would certainly be happy : the value of their share increased 10x . 
   not sure if this changes anything, 
  in theory it should n't , but in practice it can change things . 
  this means that the investors ' first goal is to buy a green card , and making a profit comes after that .
