  now , perhaps these are n't good reasons or fair reasons for the employees , but they are good reasons for founders/investors . 
  i did n't mean that it 's a scam - 99 % of the time you should get a company from there just fine . 
  but unlike starting a brand new one , there is * some * risk in buying an existing one . 
  in the unlikely case that the pre-registered shelf company ends up having surprise responsibilities , there should be a way to reclaim these from the seller , previous owners , or notaries who certified it to have no commitments ... but that would still be a pain . 
  regarding legit-ness , they have always been for sort of suspicious uses :, 
  * before the 2500 eur initial capital payment rule was removed : people would start a company , pay the 2500 eur in , and then immediately take it back out as `` cash reserves stored at home '' . 
  but if you did not have 2500 eur at hand , you would buy a company where this was already done . 
  * before companies could be registered online in 20 minutes , you used to have to visit a notary to start a company , and waiting lists were a few weeks . 
  but who needs it to be * that * fast , even with the extra costs and risks ? 
  i guess people who happen across a time-sensitive one-time business deal , and need a company as a shell for it ... still seems not that legit . 
  i do n't disagree at all that hiding this information is unfair to employees . 
  but as the op stated , some companies do keep this information a secret , and these can be the reasons * why * they keep it a secret . 
  see siin on ka reklaamsp\u00e4mm ? 
   businesses can simply go to the distributor to get the product far cheaper than an average person could get it retail . 
  usually yes . 
  but in this case , it seems that manufacturers want to price the products at what the market will bear * in each country individually * , not as an average worldwide . 
  the suggested retail price of luxury cars in china is 3x of the western countries . 
  and the manufacturers/distributors will want to keep that price difference as their own profit , so they will just refuse to sell to you at western prices for export into china . 
  there was a similar case recently with college textbooks , where the pricing is the opposite : 3x cheaper internationally than in the us for the same books with different cover art . 
  the lawsuits went on for a while , and eventually supreme court decided that it was legal to re-import the textbooks to the us : http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/20/business/supreme-court-eases-sale-of-certain-products-abroad.html, 
  so if you buy the products legally , pay for them in full , and pay any government taxes and fees , then it might * maaaaybe * be legal to run import/export arbitrage against the manufacturers wildly different suggested retail pricing in different countries . 
  but you are completely right that this is at least a shady business you do n't want to get involved with . 
  even if it turns out not to be an outright scam against you , and even if it turns out to be technically legal , then it will put you in the middle of very expensive and long lawsuits . 
  you 're joking , but it 's actually pretty hard to physically move that amount of actual money . 
  if you `` robbed '' bill 's bank accounts , he would go to the bank the next day and have them reverse the transaction . 
  if he had all his money in gold , then each billion is 26 metric tons , and his whole fortune would be 1200 metric tons of gold . 
  and if it 's in $ 20 bills , it would be three times as much . 
  you need an entire fleet of trucks or a container ship to escape with it . 
  if you can rent it out for more than the mortgage payment + maintenance , then it can work out as a great deal . 
  but for example around here , banks consider your existing mortgage towards your liabilities , but do not consider the rental income towards your stable and predictable income . 
  so unless it 's paid off , owning a rental house can reduce the loan amount and increase the interest the banks are willing to give for the new house , even if you are making a profit out of it . 
  not so much legal advice as business advice . 
  there is no practical and inexpensive way of `` protecting '' just an idea . 
  you basically have three options : get a patent , sign confidentiality contracts with every company before you speak to them , or go into business yourself with the idea and be successful . 
  despite being seemingly the hardest , the last one is the most realistic way to make money off an idea . 
  if your idea is novel , non-obvious and unique enough , it may be patentable . 
  generally it has to be a * method of solving a problem * , not an idea on * what feature would be cool * . 
  patents are regional , so plan for at least $ 10k per country to apply for them . 
  and if you get the patent , and someone somewhere violates it , then you will need to sue them in that country while paying your lawyers out of pocket . 
  or you could prepare a contract that requires the other party to keep the idea confidential , and not use it themselves without paying you , and ask everyone to sign it before telling them the idea . 
  which will be a complete waste of time , because * nobody * is going to sign it . 
  your idea could be bad , or it could already be on the company 's future plans list , or it could be invented by them independently in the future . 
  they are n't going to sign away the right to use an idea before they even know what it is . 
  so that leaves actually going into business and being successful with the idea yourself . 
  running a software business is a lot cheaper than most other businesses , and it will be cheaper than getting and defending patents all around the world . 
  prove that your idea is good by getting a lot of users and revenue , and * then * approach companies with a proposal to buy you out . 
  or just keep going and compete them out of business . 
  just so to avoid the `` only upset people say something '' phenomenon , i want to counter the parent by saying that you are doing great . 
  my favourite mod * and * poster to this subreddit . 
  i do n't see any `` antagonism '' , and appreciate the somewhat strict-leaning modding and level-headed analysis posts . 
  regarding `` proprietary '' information ... if it 's something that 's already on the internet , then the cat is out of the bag . 
  while i can understand removing content * after a request from spacex * to stay on their good side , we should not self-censor just based on guesses . 
  if it 's on the internet once , then ula , blue origin , north korea and every other serious party can already get it , and there is no benefit to keeping it from the fans in the subreddit . 
  but is n't what you see on the op 's picture exactly `` most of the mass more towards the center of the plane '' ? 
  the jet engine part 's com is well outside of the part model . 
  not sure if it 's a new thing or not , i have n't built planes for a while . 
  if you place enough of them on top of the rover , the com could end up * underground * . 
  is it even possible to flip something like that ? 
   so remember milliondollarhomepage.com ? 
  yeah . 
  it only worked , and only worked * once * because of novelty . 
  it was a ridiculous and `` stupid '' idea , and people visited it because of that . 
  and people bought ads because people visited , which increased the novelty value . 
  it went viral back when `` going viral '' was a term only used by the cdc , not marketing . 
  and if your remember , clones and copies popped up immediately , and failed just as fast . 
  some of them were targeted to specific fields , most of them were cheaper than the original page , and still never sold any ads . 
  because they no longer had any novelty value , and there is actually no other purpose to the sites . 
  so any ideas on how to improve the functionality of the mdhp is pointless . 
  people did n't visit it or buy ads there for functionality . 
  if you want to replicate the success of the mdhp , you need to come up with a new as ridiculous and borderline insane advertising idea , not a better mdhp . 
  along the lines of selling advertising tattoos on your body , naming your kid turok , threatening to kill and eat a cute bunny unless people donate ( all already done ) , or something . 
  * if you already can program * , then sure , learning enough to make a reasonable app might just take a few months . 
  but just `` free ides and free coding courses '' will not take you from someone with zero previous programming experience to a quality app in less than a few years . 
  so it can be far more efficient to focus on your strengths in some other field , and pay someone for a week to build it . 
  http://viewflow.io/ is even more opinionated : free for python3 , pay for 2.7 support . 
  but it 's a great model : enthusiasts and hackers will upgrade their projects eagerly , while enterprises who value stability over money and time can afford to pay . 
  bitcoins are sort of digital cash , and extremely popular with scammers , online drug dealers and other shady businesses because they are anonymous and transactions can not be reversed . 
  one of the most popular bitcoin scams is to find a way to convert stolen credit card numbers into bitcoin , after which the scammer can do whatever with them with little risk of being identified and no risk of the funds being cancelled like your cards were . 
  amazon gift cards are one of the most popular schemes for this . 
  * scammer gets credit card numbers from somewhere ,, 
  * scammer says that they want bitcoin without giving out their identity to other companies , but is willing to pay a premium for it ,, 
  * the mark thinks it 's a good deal , because they are saving money on amazon ,, 
  * scammer buys amazon gift cards , trades them for bitcoin , and takes off ,, 
  * the gift cards are cancelled , or the mark gets in trouble with the law because it looks like * they * ordered stuff from amazon with stolen credit cards . 
  now it looks like your `` friend '' was more clever than just buying stuff off amazon for himself , by handing the useless gift cards over to you . 
   what is so suspicious about it that i failed to notice ? 
  i mean , people do legally trade gift cards for a bit under the face value . 
  but maybe one or two at a time , when it 's a specific shop they have no use for . 
  but $ 4000 ( and promise of unlimited amounts of more ) of cards for amazon , where * everyone * can find something useful to buy ? 
  no shit it 's a scam . 
  from the rules :, 
   no b2b ( biz 2 biz , see / r/b2bforhire ) . 
  for hire does not mean like a taxi . 
  it means like a person who wants someone to hire them to do a job . 
  the original intent of the subreddit was connecting freelancers to gigs , not companies to clients . 
  i 'm an independent freelancer , but am working through my one-man company to handle the contracts and long-term taxes better . 
  my portfolio is also on the company 's site , although it 's obvious that i 'm the only person there . 
  does this fall foul of the no b2b rule , or is it okay ? 
  i 've also seen some posts here advertising that they are a ( small ) team , not a single freelancer - where would the line between a company and freelancer fall ? 
  reddit gold is mostly a donation to reddit itself , not the user .
