   i say go for it and take all of your money back . 
  a refund for all rent paid plus expenses sounds like a rather serious penalty for the landlord - and while the landlord violated various local regulations , op did get to live in the house for a while . 
  does it seem plausible that op will * actually * get all this if the case goes to court ? 
  would a building and zoning office be a reliable enough place to get advice on this ? 
   but as soon you learn how to earn real money , its easy . 
  that 's sort of a problem with the difficulty settings in all economy-building simulators . 
  the difficulty settings essentially change two parameters :, 
  * how profitable the economy is . 
  if it 's for example 20 % profit , it 's super easy . 
  if 1-5 % , it gets difficult . 
  but even with 0.01 % profitability , once you get over the initial `` hump '' of being short on cash , the difficulty does n't really matter any more , on average you will still make more money than you spend . 
  * how much starting capital you have . 
  this determines how big the initial `` hump '' of difficulty is . 
  more starting capital allows for more mistakes before you reach the too-much-money stage . 
  if the starting capital is low enough , then a single mistake early on can kill your game . 
  but neither of those matter in mid - to late game , once you get over that hump of initial difficulty . 
  so , any ideas on how to make these games continuously challenging ? 
   you can just install a programming environment on your own computer . 
  the theory behind the need for pi was that many children do n't have their own computer , and parents/teachers are n't eager to let them mess around too much with the family/school computers . 
  with the pi , if you mess up the software , just wipe the memory card and start over . 
  and if you break the hardware , it 's only # 30 ( and now # 4 , holy shit ) . 
  this is cheap enough to give each kid their own personal one plus spares for broken computers . 
  while the pi has also been very popular among hobbyists for embedded computing projects , that was the original purpose . 
  there 's always a big crowd in the old town , in the independence square and town hall square . 
  people watch the official fireworks , drink , and shoot small fireworks dangerously close to people . 
  the `` best '' parties are usually hosted at friend-of-a-friend 's house . 
  sure , if the hardware fails or a very unexpected situation happens , people will be killed in accidents . 
  but the discussion is about programming the car to consider all courses of action , evaluate their `` number of people killed '' or `` value of people killed '' , and choose the optimal one , even if it 's a bad choice for the people in the car . 
  which is bs , because the cars will not be programmed to do this . 
  they will have simple , predictable reactions , like `` crash predicted -  slam on brakes '' . 
  the moral and philosophical debates about the car deciding who to kill are irrelevant . 
  best buy and similar retailers make little to no profit ( perhaps even a loss ) on discounted phones . 
  they make most of their profit from selling extended warranties and protection plans , phone plan subscriptions , and gold-plated cables , retailer-branded credit cards , and other crap . 
  if you buy unlocked phones on a sale for cash , most likely they are * losing * money on you , and are losing the chance to sell crap to the next customers who buy the phones from you instead of them . 
  there is nothing illegal about buying in bulk and reselling , but they will be pissed off anyway . 
  the same applies to the individual employees . 
  their bonuses are tied to how many warranties & subscriptions & upgrades ( which actually make money for the company ) they sell , not how fast or nice they are in selling phones . 
   why, 
  i 'll try to answer the `` why '' question directly . 
  people criticise because : they think that you are unaware of the usual market rates for the services , and expect them to work for low amounts . 
  or they think that you expect them to believe deeply in the mission of the non-profit , and give deep discounts to match . 
  i 'm not saying that you do . 
  i 'm not saying that there is anything wrong with expecting this . 
  but i guess that they have this impression about your beliefs , and this leads them to being annoyed and criticising . 
  but really i do n't see it as a problem as long as everyone is up front about their expectations . 
  people have various budgets , people have various rates they can charge , and if these overlap , work gets done and everything is great . 
  it 's only annoying when the discussion of price is left for too late in the project planning , and lots of time is wasted before discovering the wildly different price expectations . 
   i suppose that disappoints them ? 
  yes , exactly . 
  again , i think you are doing everything right . 
  mention your budget and goals up front , then the pro designers with corporate clients will skip over the opportunity , but perhaps someone from a country far away , a student , or someone who finds the nonprofit amazing will still do it . 
  and nobody * should * be upset . 
  yes , the quality might not be as good as from a pro . . but that 's fine . 
  most startups , let alone nonprofits should not spend much on a logo before they are funded . 
  why does market share matter ? 
  it 's not like they are building a brand of `` best saudi-arabian oil '' that people will know and buy after the prices go up again . 
   everyone is patiently waiting , knowing that the delays are not caused by elon taking a day off . 
  i would eagerly support delays if it meant elon taking a few days off . 
  to clarify , 747 is for example a class name ( with [ tens of variants ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/boeing_747#variants ) ) . 
  but you rarely name individual planes . 
  with ships , you name them after famous people or things . 
  and the name of the first ship of all the similar ships also becomes the `` class name '' . 
  yeah , it 's massive . 
  where 's the news tdlr bot when you need it ? 
  here is my attempt at shortening it to the interesting points :, 
   mongodb today announced a new connector for bi and visualization , which connects mongodb to industry-standard business intelligence ( bi ) and data visualization tools . 
   after the announcement , jeff and i headed back to our sponsor booth , and jeff asked me the most obvious question : `` how did they go from nothing to a bi connector that works with all possible bi tools in just a couple months ?!? '', 
   so i gave jeff my gut response : `` they did n't create a new bi connector . 
  it 's impossible . 
  something else is going on here ! '', 
   i discovered the faintest hint about what was going on : `` during mongodb 's beta , tableau will be supporting the mongodb connector on both windows and mac via our postgresql driver . '', 
   the repository contained a so-called foreign data wrapper ( fdw ) for the postgresql database . 
  the fdw interface allows developers to plug in other data sources , so that postgresql can pull the data out and execute sql on the data, 
   the bi connector receives connections and can speak the same wire protocol that the postgres database does, 
   by the time you 're reading this , the whole world will know that the mongodb 3.2 bi connector is the postgresql database , with some glue to flatten data , throw away bits and pieces , and suck out whatever 's left into postgresql . 
   i 'd say if you 're in the market for a nosql database , you need legacy bi connectivity , and you 're also considering postgresql , you should probably just pick postgresql . 
  edit : but in the end , the massive rant leaves me wondering about why this issue pisses him off so much . 
  yes , using postgresql for analytics and integration to sql tools is clever and a good use of open source . 
  yes , relying on a competing database leaves a terrible impression of mongodb . 
  but why is it * such * a bad decision that he needs to walk up to mongodb engineers & managers at a conference and try to aggressively convince them to * not ship the feature at all * ? 
   he genuinely wanted them to hear his well founded complaints, 
  were they well-founded though ? 
  the arguments he presented seemed to boil down to 1 ) the wrapper does n't work well for nested data , 2 ) shipping postgres would be bad publicity . 
  the first will be improved over time , and is not a reason to avoid releasing it . 
  the second may be true , but obviously mongodb management decided that people wo n't care too much , and the publicity from having the feature is more important than `` bad '' publicity from relying on a competitor . 
  after reading a bit more , it seems that his * real * issue is that he 's the cto of a company that builds analytics tools for mongodb . 
  and with the new release , all existing sql analytics tools become compatible with mongodb , and make his product irrelevant . 
   i was thinking more about advice in setting up my own website, 
  sure , why not . 
  if you have your own website , and can eventually generate these sorts of pageviews daily or at least weekly , it could be a reasonable source of income . 
  for a rough guide , random banners and adwords pay somewhere around $ 0.5 - $ 1 per thousand views . 
  or set up links to amazon to buy games & accessories , etc. 
   or getting a deal to provide content for a heavy hitter like ign, 
  sites like this do hire freelancers to create content , but they pay surprisingly little . 
  not sure how much exactly , but do n't expect to make a good living out of writing content for others ( maybe somewhere around $ 10 - $ 50 per article ? ) . 
  there is n't really much planning needed : start a blog , start creating the type of content that you love , and start growing an audience . 
  think about montetizing once the audience is big enough . 
   experience of trying to be a commercial mongodb partner . 
  i 'm not sure what he was expecting though . 
  you can be commercial partners , but each company still looks out for their own product and customers first .
