  it is . 
  even [ dao 's own website ] ( https://daohub.org/explainer.html ) says that the dao 's code is the final authority on any terms , actions and results :, 
   the terms of the dao creation are set forth in the smart contract code existing on the ethereum blockchain at 0xbb9bc244d798123fde783fcc1c72d3bb8c189413 . 
  nothing in this explanation of terms or in any other document or communication may modify or add any additional obligations or guarantees beyond those set forth in the dao 's code . 
  any and all explanatory terms or descriptions are merely offered for educational purposes and do not supercede or modify the express terms of the dao 's code set forth on the blockchain ; to the extent you believe there to be any conflict or discrepancy between the descriptions offered here and the functionality of the dao 's code at 0xbb9bc244d798123fde783fcc1c72d3bb8c189413 , the dao 's code controls and sets forth all terms of the dao creation . 
  looks like the smart contract code did not match their marketing material after all , but as they say themselves , the code not their intent and words is the correct version . 
  ethereum must decide whether to give the `` hacker '' the money he rightfully now owns under the smart contract , or decide that `` smart contracts '' are meaningless . 
  in usual contracts , yes . 
  but the entire selling point of eth and smart contracts was that you accurately write down your intent in complete detail in code . 
  if you go back on that because some people signed a bad contract , then the entire point of even having eth or smart contracts is over . 
  and as the dao website says directly , * their * intent is supposed to be most accurately described by the code , not any additional info on the marketing website , in emails or chat rooms . 
  pakistan is n't a country with a unified government like most . 
  there are at least 4 different groups in power :, 
  * civilian government . 
  * army . 
  pro-us , because of the massive funding from us . 
  * isi , their equivalent of cia . 
  the civilian government and army have very little power over isi . 
  some parts of isi sheltered bin laden , and support taliban . 
  * taliban-aligned tribal warlords in the mountain regions . 
  the government and army have very little power over them , but they allow us to drone-bomb them . 
  perhaps there should always be a direct protest option at elections and referendums . 
  for example three options :, 
  * remain ,, 
  * leave ,, 
  * cameron gets kicked in the nuts on tv . 
  then protest-voters have something to do , and only people who actually care more about the result choose one of the meaningful options . 
   their hard line on the social project is damaging to the commercial benefits of the union . 
  but that 's ok ... ? 
  the goal of eu is not provide maximum commercial benefits . 
  it 's to `` make world war 3 in europe impossible '' , by deeply integrating the societies and people of the european countries , so that the thought of germany going to war with france would sound as stupid as england going to war with wales . 
  making commerce between eu countries easier is just one approach to that . 
  the erasmus scheme for students is another , and so on . 
  but besides the social project , freedom of movement * is * part of a single market . 
  eu freedom of movement is only for * workers * , not just chilling out in another eu country - you are going there to provide services in the single labour market . 
  some companies sell jet engines , some sell mobile apps , some sell plumbing services in person . 
   for example , a lawyer could make a deal where you agree to give a dna sample in return for assurances it wo n't be used as evidence against you . 
  is that even realistic ? 
  i thought only prosecutors ( not the police ) can make immunity deals ? 
  and that they will consider it only if you are a key witness for nailing someone more important ? 
  there is n't really a difference for / r/forhire compared to hiring people elsewhere online or offline . 
  traditionally ip means three types of things : copyright , patents and trademarks . 
  * if you have a patentable invention , file the application before telling people about it . 
  but note that patents almost never make sense for `` apps '' , since they cost upwards of $ 10k to register in each country , and have to be novel and non-obvious . 
  and in most countries of the world , you ca n't patent just software , there has to be some physical or mechanical component . 
  * if you have a cool name or logo , register for a trademark . 
  this will give you exclusive ownership of that name in a specific field of business in that country . 
  for app development , the most important ip to consider is copyrights . 
  copyrights are automatic and worldwide . 
  as soon as you create an `` artistic work '' , it is owned by the author , but you can register it for about $ 100 to serve as evidence that you own it if there is a dispute . 
  you automatically own the copyright to your mockups and designs . 
  if you hire a contractor , then * they * automatically own copyright to the work they create , even if you pay them for it . 
  so it is important to have a contract with the contractor that says something along the lines of `` all copyright for the work will transfer to jstaylor01 '' . 
  i usually put `` copyright and full source code transfers to the client on full payment '' , but you are free to negotiate other terms , for example transferring immediately on creation , if the contractor agrees . 
  if you have any sort of website or web backend for the app , then register the domain name and sign up for hosting and service accounts yourself . 
  register the domain name separately from any hosting or email accounts . 
  give the contractor a limited or full access account to these so that they can set things up as needed . 
  keeping the domain yourself is important , because that 's what both human visitors and the app will use to find the servers and websites . 
  in the worst case of shit hitting the fan , if you have control of the domain name , you can always point it at a new server and replace the content there . 
   so the complete idea can be shared , but obviously want to keep it proprietary . 
  with this i suppose you mean the contractor keeping your mockups and ideas private , not sharing them , and not using them themselves . 
  you own the copyright to any mockups , so they technically already are not allowed to share or publish them . 
  pure ideas , for example about what the app does , are not covered by any ip laws : not copyright , not trademarks , and almost always not patentable . 
  there is no way to legally claim them as your own . 
  what you can do is sign a non-disclosure agreement with people who you share the idea with . 
  this agreement only binds the people who sign it , and you can come up with appropriate terms and sanctions for disclosing ideas in there . 
  but i think it is questionable if you * should * . 
  all contract developers that i know have a long list of their own startup ideas that they would like to work on if only they had free time . 
  and as all people , they think that their own ideas are much better than other people 's ideas . 
  but they take client projects because they get paid for building it , and they do n't want anything to do with marketing , sales , customer support , raising investment , etc which are necessary to actually make a project successful . 
  i have never seen a case of `` this is a such good idea , i 'll work on it myself instead '' . 
  nor have i seen a case of `` let 's publish the mockups online '' . 
  when business with a client ends , there is always already three new projects lined up in the queue that the contractor needs to get started with , rather than spending any time thinking about the last one . 
  as a contractor , i usually refuse ndas in the initial negotiation and quote/budget phase , unless it seems like a * very * lucrative client . 
  at this stage , it 's unknown if we will be working together , if the budgets work out , and so on . 
  a nda requires time for review , negotiating the terms , creates legal obligations and risks for the next 3-5 years , with no immediate benefit . 
  so unless i 'm almost certain that there will be a well-paid job signed , then it 's easier to pass and just take another potential project . 
  ndas are fine when they are part of the `` i do work x , you pay y '' contract , or when the client is sharing customer databases , existing source code , access to their passwords and servers with me - but this comes after agreeing on the details and price of the project . 
  finally , ndas are only useful if you are willing to go to court to enforce them if broken . 
  suing someone on the other side of the world is very complicated and expensive . 
  so it 's hard to say if you should ask for a nda before sharing your ideas and mockups . 
  you can try , and some contractors will agree , but the ones who are not desperate for work will pass on the project . 
  the only case where i would recommend it up front are where you have a real patentable invention , and have not had the time to file for the patent application yet . 
  paying extra to get single market without freedom of movement for workers wo n't happen . 
  * british voters would not accept paying more into the eu than before , especially as half of them believed the `` leaving eu will save money '' promise . 
  * the `` freedom of movement '' is actually named `` freedom of movement * for workers * '' . 
  if you do n't have a job for around 3-6 months or so , you have to leave . 
  it 's part of the single market for services - some services can be done over the internet , but some have to be done in person . 
  * giving a good deal without freedom of movement to the uk would destroy eu . 
  norway and switzerland would also pay extra to get out of it . 
  followed by a few more euro-lukewarm countries voting to leave to get the same deal . 
  in a few years , an unified eu would more or less be over . 
  i suppose there could be some insane amount for which it might be accepted ... but i 'm not sure even then . 
  it seems to me that uk sees eu mostly as a business and trade union . 
  for a business deal , there 's always a price that will work . 
  but eu leaders , and a good proportion of eu members see it as a social project , with business and trade being a means rather than the aims . 
  for them , `` the point of eu '' is to unite the countries and people , to make wars in europe an unthinkable and silly idea , and for some to slowly move towards a federal state . 
  and for these goals , people from different countries living , working , and making friends together is a much more effective approach than having more money to spend . 
  i had the freedom to study in an uk university , and i 'd say that created much more personal friends , business connections , and overall `` european goodwill '' than for example uk taxpayers having funded my studies at home would have done . 
   you hear hilarious stories out of california of people getting the card by telling their `` doctor '' that they 're italian and the like ,,
