  check back here on the blog if it interests you . 
   while i do n't like bitcoin , i tried to be fair to the technical reality of it . 
  to the best of my knowledge , no character in the above story ever tells a direct lie . 
  the author is best known for [ other content in his blog ] ( http://www.kalzumeus.com/greatest-hits/ ) , which is a great resource on running small software businesses and startups ( that accept actual money instead of advertising or buttcoin ) . 
   fourth , is it safe to swim in the lakes in lahemaa ? 
  i ca n't find any info about it but i 'm sure i once saw pictures of people jumping into a swamp in the famous trail of viru bog . 
  it should be !, 
  the bog lakes are supposed to be one of the cleanest waters in estonia . 
  there are some acidic minerals or something in the bog that kill bacteria . 
  i would recommend sticking to tap water for drinking though . 
   what about the sea ? 
  i 'm sure people do swim in vosu beach , but what about kasmu , for example ? 
  i 'm always so tempted when i 'm looking at pictures . 
  the sea is * generally * good for swimming . 
  but if the weather is hot for a while , [ cyanobacteria ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyanobacteria ) start growing on the northern coast . 
  it 's slightly poisonous and could give you a rash or something . 
  the official beaches have a flag system : if it 's green , everything is ok . 
   i read in wikitravel that is easy to catch a tick in the trails , so i 'm a bit worried . 
  ticks do carry really nasty diseases , but it 's somewhat rare to catch one . 
  they live in the grass , so long trousers and boots , or insect repellent should mostly keep them away . 
  make sure to get repellent that works for both mosquitoes and ticks . 
  you will really want one anyway , since there are a lot harmless but very annoying of mosquitoes . 
  after returning from the trip in the evening , check each other with your friend for ticks - especially the soft parts of the body like under your arms , under your balls , etc ( awkward i know ) . 
  if you find one , remove it with pincers , and if the bite mark grows to more than a few cm in size , contact a doctor asap . 
  that said , i 've gone camping / hiking every summer , and never caught a tick in my life . 
   fifth , best places to hang out in tallinn ? 
  we 'd rather go to bars and pubs only . 
  i heard kalamaja area is growing in popularity , but we 're open minded !, 
  the main nightlife place is the old town , with a lot of bars , pubs , clubs and everything else . 
  lots of tourists as well . 
  kalamaja used to be the shady area in the wrong side of the train tracks , but now all the artists and hipsters have moved in , and it has some cool bars . 
  you can also buy the green card , load money onto it , and buy monthly tickets at kiosks . 
  it 's the same price as paying by mobile , cheaper than paying cash to the driver . 
  for the student discount , the situation is confusing . 
  the rules do n't say anything about having to be a local student to get the student discount - but the online form to register your green card for discounts also asks for a digital id card number , which i guess most foreigners do not have ? 
  you can try emailing info@pilet.ee and asking - they 've usually responded quickly enough , and i 'm sure they can handle queries in english as well . 
  not really sure about the near-city transport , as i 've never used it . 
  there is some weird system where you can use the green card for buses and trains in some zones near tallinn . 
  but i think for almost everything you can also pay cash to the driver if needed . 
  the longer-distance bus tickets to other cities can be found at http://www.tpilet.ee/en ? 
  - they should be the same price online and cash to the driver , the only reason to buy online is to be able to select a seat and make sure the bus is not sold out . 
  most games have a `` credits '' page accessible from somewhere in the menus , that would be a good place . 
  a bit of non-legal advice . 
  in the event of dissolution of the company and the team , the market value of the code will be very close to zero . 
  unless the software solves a very unique , very complex problem ( for example the ai for a self-driving car ) , nobody will want to buy it from the bankrupt company . 
  if it 's a standard web or mobile app , then it will be faster and cheaper to hire developers to re-write a clone from scratch rather than trying to adapt existing code for a new purpose . 
  you should still have the copyright situation figured out , and assigned to the company - but that 's important just so that the developers ca n't demand compensation for using `` their '' code if the company is successful . 
  but the value of the company is mostly based on your users and sales , not the code assets . 
  you can always go with `` asbestos free '' !, 
  it 's very simple to have a loss with any number of clients - you spend all the money on marketing to acquire * more * clients , who will bring in more revenue in the future . 
  for example , if the * average * user is paying you $ 100/month , and stays for 2 years , that means their lifetime value is 24 * 100 = $ 2400 . 
  so it makes sense to spend $ 1000-2000 on marketing for every customer that signs up , you still end up with profit at the end . 
  but you have to pay that marketing cost up front , and only make it back with profit after a year or two . 
  it was n't really a choice in the survey , so i 'll explain more here . 
  i 'm very loyal to android and google 's nexus line of `` android without added manufacturer/carrier crap '' devices . 
  i always buy the next nexus phones and tablets when upgrading , but do not care at all which manufacturer makes them . 
   if you said to these guys , `` you guys code and design , and you 'll get x amount in equity in exchange . '', 
  there 's an enforceable contract . 
  sure . 
  but intellectual property rights automatically transfer only for the specific case of `` work for hire '' contracts . 
  if you hire independent contractors or freelancers , you need a copyright transfer clause in the written contract , otherwise they keep the rights . 
  computer chips that are designed for a specific purpose , not all general purpose computation like a desktop cpu or graphics card . 
  they are usually a lot faster for that specific purpose , but ca n't be programmed to do anything else . 
  they are pretty rare in computing as a whole , because it costs millions of dollars to make the `` template '' for manufacturing a chip ( or billions for something as complex as the latest intel cpu ) . 
  it 's only worthwhile if you are certain that you can sell a lot of them . 
  i do n't see why the last-gen console would lose it 's appeal for an 11-year-old who has never owned one ( and presumably no gaming pc either ) . 
  the only reason why the current-gen one would be useful if you get bored of all old games , keep up with gaming news , and feel like you are `` missing out '' . 
  but ps3 and xbox360 have a 10-year catalog of amazing games , best of all available for cheap now . 
  if you 've never been gaming before , you can easily spend many years on the best titles of the last decade , without even knowing to compare them to the latest call of modern battlefield ops . 
   the reactor is operated almost entirely by undergraduate students, 
   so the biggest issue with bitcoin is that legal systems havent caught up ? 
  i dont think most of r/buttcoin would agree . 
  there is no reason to believe that the legal systems will catch up in the way that the anarcho-capitalist bitcoin enthusiasts approve though . 
  most bitcoin regulation has and will treat it as yet another foreign currency . 
  in most countries ( us and uk at least ) this means that if you do business in bitcoin , you must record the value of that transaction for tax purposes in the local currency with the current exchange rate , and pay tax in the local currency . 
  any exchange losses between the time of the transaction and the time of paying tax are your own responsibility , so every sane business would have to convert at least 20 % of any bitcoin received to actual money immediately . 
   for that you 'll need to leave the moon 's gravitational field with a residual speed of 0.84 km/s , which is the delta-v needed for a hohmann transfer to earth 's surface . 
  so you 'll need to throw it somewhat faster than escape speed . 
  why is that ? 
  if you can throw something fast enough to escape moon 's gravity , could you aim it just right so that it ends up on a trajectory that crosses earth ? 
   i am an american who be going to tartu for some short term missions work in september . 
  do you mean religious mission work , like the mormons ? 
  estonia is one of the least religious countries in the world . 
  not angry atheist like / r/atheism , but just non-religious . 
  the vast majority of people never think about religion in their daily life , and do not interact with a church . 
  you should be fine of course , but just expect some confusion , surprise and stupid questions if you bring up the topic . 
   i was curious if anyone had anything interesting to advise about tartu or estonia in general ? 
  tartu is an university town , so it should be full of people from september . 
  lots of student events , parties , etc. 
  what sort of advice or information are you looking for ? 
   i 've heard everyone is quiet and has a dry sense of humor , so i should fit in rather well . 
  yeah , people can seem introverted , or even a bit grumpy . 
  but that does n't mean you need to avoid them , most people are positively surprised if you smile or are cheerful  the typical style of speech is shorter and more direct compared to english , not much of `` could you please ... '' or `` would you mind if ... '' , but the lack of politeness in the wording does n't mean a lack of politeness in meaning . 
  one popular style of humour is telling ridiculous bs facts or proposals in deadpan voice and a serious look , so do n't take * everything * people tell you seriously . 
  for example , if people tell you that bear-wrestling is a national sport , and their grandpa used to take on 2 bears at the same time , that 's bs . 
  the first batch is supposed to arrive on august 20th . 
  i have heard that some randomly chosen rifles of firing squads are loaded with blanks . 
  this gives each member the plausible chance that they did n't fire the deadly shot . 
  porn sites need someone to tag all videos with keywords like on imdb : http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0103064/keywords, 
  you need the probe parts to have unmanned ships .
