  and if you try to set it up so that it can not be seized without your permission , then the business is not actually fulfilling the requirements of the license and should not get one . 
  it goes up & down to 51.65 degrees of latitude - so about calgary , canada or london , uk in the north , and well below all of south america / africa / australia in the south . 
  on an unrelated note , all of europe is surprisingly far north . 
  finland & sweden are around the same latitude as alaska , and the southernmost tip of europe is around washington . 
  while i see the general interest in figuring out the popularity of burger extras , it seems strange to assume that there should be just one burger . 
  what 's special about this burger , and why should there be just one ? 
  the quality and attractiveness of a burger place comes from the quality of their meat . 
  extras like cheeses , tomatoes , onion , bacon , etc are usually selectable by each customer , so there is no need to figure out one most popular choice . 
  it 's a lithuanian site : http://bitmarket24.ee/about-us/, 
  there is no clear regulation about bitcoin in estonia . 
  some branches of government have said that they have no opinion , but one guy selling bitcoin on localbitcoins is currently being sued for not following financial business regulations . 
  i guess the outcome of that court case will clear things up . 
  where are you moving from ? 
  are you moving to study here , or what do you mean with `` student '' jobs ? 
  i do n't think there is a separate `` student job '' thing in estonia . 
  most students do work alongside their studies , but just at any job they can get . 
  if you are thinking of service & bartending work , then these usually require speaking at least a few languages out of estonian , russian , english , finnish , etc. 
   how do i get paid ? 
  by bank transfer to your estonian bank account . 
  you might be able to open one with your passport , but i would recommend getting a local id card as soon as you arrive - you can get one even as a temporary student , and it will make all sorts of things a lot easier !, 
   also , i have a bachelor 's degree in computer science . 
  if you can code , then that makes finding a job * much * easier . 
  every it company in estonia is desperate for more employees . 
  many of them have international teams , and use english as the main internal language . 
  not speaking any estonian would n't be a huge problem there . 
  it companies are also pretty okay with hiring people while they are still studying . 
  check http://www.cvkeskus.ee and http://www.cv.ee/job-ads/information-technology . 
  both are available in english , and many of the job ads are written in english . 
   what are the costs of studying and what universities do you recommend ? 
  not sure about the costs , maybe some international student can help . 
  the two universities worth considering are tartu university and tallinn university of technology . 
  my personal opinion is that tartu 's computer science courses and lecturers are a bit better , with a stronger focus on theory and maths than ttu . 
  but at the master 's level , its going to depend a lot on the specific program and advisors that you choose . 
  aha , being an eu citizen certainly makes things easier - you do n't need a visa and there should be no restrictions on working or staying here for any duration . 
  out of curiosity , how are student jobs different from regular jobs in croatia ? 
  better yet , you can piss people off while shilling for butts without even having ~ ~ money ~ ~ magic beans in your tip account !, 
  / u/changetip $ 1000000, 
   sentences for drug trafficking can include the death penalty and possession of even the smallest amount of illegal drugs can lead to a minimum 4-year jail sentence . 
  you really need to find him a lawyer right away . 
   what is else could make the term `` nordic '' correct and the term `` baltic '' wrong ? 
  `` baltic '' is n't wrong . 
  it 's just that `` eastern european '' and `` baltic '' have a certain * image * attached to them that does n't match neither the modern reality nor the aspirations of estonia ( nor the other baltic states ) . 
  hell , foreign media still refers to the country as `` former soviet republic '' now and then , even though it 's been 25 years ... 
  for example , greece is in the balkan peninsula , and is technically one of the balkan countries . 
  but greeks never call themselves by that , since a `` balkan country '' has the image of `` any one of those civil-war torn failed states '' , not a geographic region . 
   also , all of this basically means that there is overall no real way to create some sort of content that has a given color , and ensure that once it is displayed on the consumers screen , that that color will actually be faithfully reproduced . 
  that 's true for content for the average user , displayed on an average monitor , right ? 
  if you had a high-end monitor or printer , and had it calibrated with a colorimeter , and used software that takes colour profiles seriously ( like adobe photoshop ) , then you could pass files around and preserve the colours from the designer to the print shop ? 
  you can get around most of the downsides by only having one `` singletonholder '' or `` globals '' class in an app . 
  make your database wrapper , background job queue , etc still an usual non-singleton classes . 
  store references to them in the singletonholder , and set up the holder in a well-defined order at app startup . 
  this way you can still create multiple instances of the classes for tests , create multiple instances of the classes if it really makes sense in the future , but have access to one globally accessible instance for usual app code . 
   is it really feasible to devote one 's time toward work on an enigmatic unsolved cs problem when one is not in a field of research ? 
  that depends on the problem and what counts as `` in research '' . 
  solving a purely theoretical problem like p = ? 
  np would require someone who 's a pure mathematics genius , and probably spent his entire career in academia . 
  however , at least half if not more of the research that received a turing award are groundbreaking * inventions * , not solutions to existing theoretical maths problems : new programming languages and compilers , unix , tcp/ip , relational databases , and so on . 
  these seem to come out of research departments at tech companies as much as from pure academia . 
  i have n't actually ever seen an express checkout lane that worked as expected . 
  there are always customers there with a full basket ( or even cart ) . 
  people who just do n't understand or care that the lane is `` express '' only because people have few items there . 
  and either the cashiers ca n't refuse service to them , or get into a long argument that takes even longer than just scanning their items . 
  so unless someone comes up with a clever technical solution , i do n't think express lanes have much of a future . 
  the thing is , having brass to enforce the rules is n't enough . 
  even if * most * customers know that the rules are enforced and follow them , there are always enough new people or idiots who do n't . 
  and they will spend 5 minutes arguing with the cashier , and then leaving their items on the belt and walking away . 
  there needs to be some technical solution for the express checkout lanes . 
  something that makes it obvious that when `` the computer says no '' , there is no point in arguing with a human . 
  but anyway , a local chain around here has a much better solution : customers can take handheld scanners into the shop , scan items as they are bagging them in their basket , and return the scanner to an automated card-payment-only kiosk at the end . 
  no waiting in line , and you only ever need to move the items once from the shelf to your bags . 
  it 's a reference to the landing : http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-30034060, 
   the lander bounced twice , initially about 1km back out into space , before settling in the shadow of a cliff , 1km from its intended target site . 
   it may now be problematic to get enough sunlight to charge its battery systems . 
  that is an extremely bad deal . 
  if you are okay with the idea of giving them exclusivity in theory , you should ask for some guaranteed minimum payments , or * at least * that the exclusivity is cancelled if they fail to sell your art for some minimum amount per month . 
  otherwise you may end up with no income from them , and no way to earn a living with your profession elsewhere . 
  the survey asked me to * pretend * that i 'm colorblind , and answer questions based on that . 
  does this mean that i should answer `` i do n't see anything '' when i do ? 
  many of the small towns in estonia are beautiful and cozy - but at this time of the year it 's cold , wet and dark all the time , and most attractions are closed for the winter . 
  it 's a bit better when the snow arrives ( maybe some time in december ? ) . 
  that said , if you find out online that the places you want to visit are open , then it can be a great change from just visiting tallinn or tartu . 
  because they are persistent and convincing enough in claiming their parody religion as a real religion . 
  posting a link to the survey would help !, 
  happy to help . 
  grew up in estonia . 
  to put some numbers on it : if the empty rocket ( capsule , passengers , empty fuel tanks , engines ) weights 1 unit , then the amount of fuel mass required to low orbit is :, 
  * 1 unit from the moon ,, 
  * 3 units from mars ,, 
  * 20-30 units from earth . 
  a rocket that can reach low mars orbit can be * way * smaller than anything on earth : the second stage of most common rockets would be plenty . 
  why is fear of ebola special here ? 
  you are processing blood , stool , urine & semen specimens . 
  most of those will be from people who have some disease or ailment . 
  i would assume that you are handling specimens with hiv , hepatitis , tuberculosis and other serious infections diseases every day . 
  if the sanitary & safety conditions could put you at risk of contacting ebola , then you are at risk of contacting all of the more common but equally dangerous diseases today . 
  you should do something about the conditions now , not in the unlikely case that an ebola sample gets sent over some time in the future . 
  you mean / r/ofcoursethatsathing ? 
  / r/legaladvice, 
  but from anonymous comments on online news sites , it seems that there is a perception that anyone who is successful has cheated or scammed their way into success . 
  but those comments are comparable to youtube comments , so no idea how representative of the `` average '' estonian they are .
