  that 's easy enough . 
  but you also need to keep paying usd into * low * and withdrawing it from * high * . 
  this will take a while and incur transfer fees , especially if the exchanges are in strange foreign countries . 
  also , the price differences tend to be just 1-2 % . 
  ( if it 's much larger , then everyone else will try the arbitrage as well . ), 
  after usd transfer fees , the potential profit might be a lot less than 1 % . 
  this means that :, 
  * you are always risking 50-100x of your potential profit on exchanges and transfers . 
  if an exchange gets hacked or disappears , it will wipe out any profits for a long time . 
  * if there is any trading lag , then the price might easily change a few percent in an unfavourable direction on one of the exchanges before both of your orders go through . 
  looks like this company [ makes a lot of valves ] ( http://jasc-controls.com/products/ ) , and many of them list merlin engines as the main customer . 
  found the official villain of / r/spacex !, 
  the `` legal risk '' of allowing usd withdrawals is real though . 
  buttstampers really have two options :, 
  * figure out how much money they are missing , and find funding to cover it in full , and buy back any missing bitcoins before re-opening . 
  * decide that there is no way to find funding to cover the losses in full , declare bankruptcy , and let a court-appointed administrator decide how to split the remaining assets between creditors and customers . 
  continuing to run a business while knowingly insolvent is illegal in the uk , and most likely also in slovenia . 
  the same goes for giving * some * people full refunds without a bankruptcy judge 's permission , because this is unfair to the other customers who would later have to take a bigger loss . 
  if they do n't manage to cover the losses from vc investments or past profit , then the people holding bitcoin and usd will most likely both get a similar % loss . 
  you really do n't want to refund usd accounts in full , and have a judge decide that this was illegal later . 
  the fiat lock makes sense as soon as they think that they might not find funding to cover all losses . 
  if you ca n't cover all debts with assets , or at least * highly probable * future income , then you are bankrupt , and must stop trading asap under uk and probably under slovenian law . 
  a bankruptcy judge will then decide how to split remaining assets between creditors and customers . 
  i would guess that they would order an even split of losses between both usd and bitcoin accounts . 
  if bitstamp started refunding 100 % of usd accounts , and a judge later decided that it should have been 90 % for everyone , then they would be in a world of shit . 
  ignore him , it 's a troll account . 
  apple would never respond to such questions , especially if you mention android . 
  * google has pretty lax standards about apps that are allowed on google play . 
  i have never heard about anyone getting into legal trouble there - the worst might be getting your gmail account banned if you upload obvious viruses or malware . 
  * apple has very strict standards about apps that are allowed on app store . 
  in particular , your app wo n't be approved if you mention `` android '' anywhere . 
  but apple 's opinion is irrelevant , since you are n't publishing anything for ios . 
  the user can visit any website with their browser that they want , including a website hosted on an android phone . 
  * if your app allows and promotes sharing copyrighted music or videos , you might get in trouble via this angle . 
  but there are thousands of apps and websites which technically allow sharing copyrighted content , just tell the users that they should not : dropbox , google drive , imgur , etc. 
  put a warning into terms and conditions text that users must not share any copyrighted music , videos or pictures , and you will almost certainly be fine . 
  he even posts to buttcoin : http://www.reddit.com/r/buttcoin/comments/2pybxf/just_got_a_changetip_how_do_i_throw_it_away/cn3zd7z?context=5, 
  which stream is usually better - spacex own or the nasa one ? 
  it 's some fuel tank in zero gravity . 
  must be the second stage , the first should be either on the barge , ocean , or crashed by now . 
  looks very trippy ... 
  i do n't think they will be repairing it at sea , so we should see pictures once it gets back to port . 
  we should still get a picture of the asds from external photographers once it gets back to port ? 
  i doubt they brought enough tarp to sea to cover all the evidence of a crash . 
  the main thing to note is that * a visible dot of laser light is not an actual physical object * . 
  if you move a laser , new photons will create a new dot at the new location . 
  it 's just an illusion in the human mind that the two dots are `` the same '' or that a single dot `` moved '' . 
  in reality , the old dot stopped existing and a new one appeared in a new location . 
  the apparent distance over time might be greater than the speed of light , because nothing actually physical moved . 
  if it landed and fell over in that orientation , there should be a lot more of the rocket left on the barge ? 
  nice of them to introduce it at the end of june instead of december . 
  adding leap seconds can crash a lot of computer systems which do n't handle them properly , and being on call / fixing issues on new year 's night must suck . 
  those ula comments seem a bit strange and missing the point . 
  there is n't a customer demand for reusability , the customer just wants a satellite in orbit . 
  but there obviously is a demand for cheaper launches , however it 's achieved . 
   who actually cares about leap seconds ? 
  oldschool astronomers and geographers . 
  i agree completely though , leap seconds serve no practical useful purpose , and add a lot of needless complexity to computer systems . 
  there is supposed to be a vote this november at a conference whether to abolish them . 
  the earlier `` landed hard '' comment from elon leaves the impression that it also crashed into the barge too fast , not just at the wrong location . 
  if that 's the case , there might have been multiple causes ( waves moving the barge up and down , starting landing burn too early or late , sensor problems , etc ) . 
  spacex wants to start landing the first stages on land in florida , the barge is just for testing . 
  and videos of `` rocket landing fireballs '' would work against them in getting people and politicians in florida to agree to that . 
  while this would be a great use for a recovered first stage , it seems unlikely that they would get landing & refurbishment figured out in time for the inflight abort . 
  it 's going to take * at least * a few more flights until they can recover an intact first stage , and i would guess that the first few will also be completely taken apart for thorough analysis . 
  i 'm not so sure about the benefits of dumping it in the main fuel tank . 
  the amount of rp-1 dumped would depend on the movement of the grid fins , which depends unpredictably on the wind gusts and whatever . 
  so you ca n't really `` count '' on the amount of rp-1 being there in the main tank for the landing burn . 
  and if you ca n't reliably count on using the expended hydraulic fluid as fuel , then you might as well use any fluid that works best for hydraulics , and avoid failure scenarios where a leak near the grid fins might depressurise the main tanks . 
  using rp-1 instead of yet another fluid might simplify the ground handling and preparation processes though . 
  is there any evidence for using rp-1 for fins and dumping it in the main tank beyond the fact that the engine thrust vectoring uses rp-1 as the hydraulic fluid ? 
  the decade 2001-2010 did n't really exist , as far as most date calculations or music is concerned . 
  thanks for the suggestion and the location of the store !, 
  i 'm sure there 's wifi at the hotel - but i need internet for work , so i want to get something as backup in case it 's too slow . 
   if the price falls fast enough and enough miners disconnect , the time between blocks will increase dramatically , potentially into the period of days and weeks ( not 10 minutes as designed ) . 
  it 's sort of possible , but very unlikely . 
  the drop in the hash rate would have to be very fast , before it re-adjusts again in ~ 2 weeks . 
  and the miners still have their equipment , which they would turn back on if the hashrate drops enough to make mining profitable again . 
  it would take something like 90 % of miners switching off and throwing away their hardware in less than two weeks to really result in great comedy gold . 
  i think something similar killed a few altcoins though . 
  a large pool jumped in , quickly mined blocks until the hash rate jumped up , and then left . 
  thanks !, 
  i 'll check these out . 
  are they available from various kiosks & shops , or do i need to find a mobile store ? 
  do you still have that graph somewhere online ? 
  it would cost about $ 30/mb . 
  it could work out if you found a way to profit from it , but a bit expensive for trolling . 
  thanks , found it !, 
  have n't heard of any , all thrift stores receive stuff for free as donations , and sell it for cheap . 
  for computers/electronics , the best place to sell is [ hv foorum ] ( http://foorum.hinnavaatlus.ee/ ) , and for other household stuff , you could try something like osta.ee ? 
  sure , i 'll be staying at a hotel which i presume has some wifi as well . 
  but i 'll be giving a product demo that requires internet to some customers there , and want to have a backup in case the hotel wifi is too slow or has strange firewalls . 
  and i want to reddit from bed even if the hotel wifi does n't reach all rooms , 
  if your husband is already * legally * married , annulment may be required , not only possible . 
  bigamy is illegal , and any second or later simultaneous marriage is not valid . 
  can you check his home country 's records to see if he 's actually married there ? 
  calm down , elon . 
  but what if karpeles is dpr . . * and * satoshi ? 
  why look at a 4-frame gif when this link is a full video ? 
  check https://www.dropbox.com/en/help/296 asap .
