  but so far they seem great to me !, 
  the thing about contracts is that you ca n't just take your standard ship , add on or replace a part with a few test parts , and run the tests as an aside on your way to the mun . 
  * you have to custom-build a rocket and have a launch for each contract , one at a time . 
  * the `` in-flight '' contracts are very easy to do if you make them the main goal of the launch , watch your speed , and forget about going to orbit . 
  and then the fun comes from spending half an hour of planning on paper and building a monstrosity to get 5 contracts per flight . 
  starting a rocket engine is the most dangerous and interesting moment in real testing ... 
  but i kinda like that you have to activate the part in the test window . 
  makes for some fun ships , for example big-ass solid boosters activated in orbit . 
  the thing about the in-flight contracts is that you really have to build a custom ship and have a launch for each contract as the main goal - you ca n't strap them on to a mission that 's going to orbit . 
  or maybe you can if you put a lot of thought and planning into it . 
  contracts are fantastic !, 
  i had sort of abandoned ksp after playing now and then since version 0.14 or something - i 'm just not that good at coming up with `` mission goals '' myself . 
  having goals made it fun again , and having bizarre goals and test windows ensures that missions are n't all an exact copy with your favourite standard rocket . 
  but it seems to me that people complaining about difficult atmospheric flight test conditions miss is that * you have to build a ship for that contract * , not just expect to strap it to the side of a mun mission . 
  if you take one contract , and have liquid engines , it 's very easy to get to the right altitude and speed window . 
  taking 3-5 contracts per flight is a lot more challenging and needs planning with pencil and paper , but is also much more fun . 
  right-click the gear bay and select `` run test '' . 
  is there any difference between the standalone and steam versions ? 
  any steam achievements or such ? 
  already bought ksp before it was ~ ~ cool ~ ~ on steam . 
  just wondering if i 'm missing out on anything by not transferring the purchase . 
  other than that , it 's actually nice to be able to just download and unpack the files , since i can then have multiple copies with different mods installed . 
  one website to check about that would be couchsurfing.org . 
  i 've heard from expats and long-term visitors that they tend to hang around in discussion forums / meetups organised from there , and might know more than locals do . 
  some of them own bars and pubs in the city centre . 
  i 'd imagine that if you have bartending experience , then speaking only english would not be a problem . 
  it also seems to be that you would not need any additional work permits if you have a student visa : https://tudengiveeb.ee/en/homepage/study-in-estonia/42-work-internship/201-do-i-need-a-work-permit-to-work-in-estonia, 
  if you recover them on the launchpad or runway , you get 100 % back . 
  farther away from mission control it 's less than 100 % , but not sure how much less . 
  this is more of a meta-comment . . but i think one reason why there are so many `` ksp is too easy '' complaints is because there are plenty of people here who have been playing it for * 2-3 years * , and they just have gotten very good at it . 
  money is always going to be plentiful if you can look at a contract , immediately imagine a cost-effective ship to achieve it , and get it right on first launch ( or autosave/revert ) . 
  the payouts also have to work for players who are just starting out , and blow up 9 out of 10 rockets . 
  transport tycoon , roller coaster tycoon , theme hospital and old simcity 's were also similar in the sense that once you had played them long enough , and knew the perfect strategy , you ca n't ever run out of cash unless you make a dumb mistake early on . 
  a harder difficulty setting just prolonged the initial `` startup phase '' of a new save by a few hours . 
  of course , i welcome anything squad can come up with to make the game harder , and add more of a challenge to the pros . 
  but they also have to keep improving it for new players , instead of forever delivering new `` episodic content '' to existing players . 
  i 'm not sure if there even is a way to balance science and money in a way for pros that allows for fun failures and explosions , avoids grinding , and stays difficult throughout the game . 
  after all , the greatest fun of ksp comes from having to invent new ship designs , and figuring out how to go to places , not the economic restrictions . 
  the most fun `` harder challenges '' would have to force the players to avoid their standard pre-designed ships , and standard orbital paths . 
  perhaps challenges that forbid you from using some parts , or add black holes , or somehow otherwise make your existing skills useless ? 
  i hope that the whole contracts system ( not the money aspect ) will turn out nicely modular and moddable , which allows squad and others to keep adding new goals and achievements into the game . 
  since people have already built some in just 5 days after release http://www.reddit.com/r/kerbalspaceprogram/comments/2bdgqi/version_04a_of_extra_contracts_is_out_now_nearly/ , that seems to be going nicely . 
  perhaps someone can also create contracts out of all the challenges posted in this subreddit !, 
  do n't get me wrong , i really like the idea of science instruments being very expensive ( along with general rebalancing for multiple difficulty settings ) . 
  but generally i think that it 's impossible to come up with a perfect rebalancing of science and funds for experienced players that both allows a few failed launches , and does n't lead to infinite science/money after a while . 
  the enjoyable `` difficulty '' of early career mode comes from having only basic parts , and having limited funds for parts - both of which force you to invent new rocket designs instead of standard asparagus that can go anywhere . 
  so maybe contracts that randomly limit your part choices even later in the game , or perhaps even a randomised , hidden tech tree would be fun . 
  do n't forget to remove a kerbal from the rescue ship crew before launch to leave an empty seat !, 
  i 've had way too many rescue missions that ended up being a group visit mission . 
  the optimal speeds at various heights are in this table : http://wiki.kerbalspaceprogram.com/wiki/kerbin#atmosphere, 
  if you go way too fast , you lose more energy to drag . 
  if you go too slow , you lose energy to gravity ( at the extreme think of a rocket just hovering - it 's using fuel to fight gravity , but not going anywhere ) . 
  but this is n't that important early on - more boosters usually makes up for inefficient speeds , 
   it is obvious that people can transfer money from us to their home country in less than 1 hour . 
  and how exactly do you get money out of your bitcoin wallet and into an usual bank account or cash that your family can use to buy food and pay rent with in your home country ? 
  an international money transfer from a bitcoin exchange somewhere in slovenia or other random place . 
  which has the same fees , and the same delays as just doing a transfer in the first place . 
  or i guess your mom could spend a few days haggling and organising a meetup with a stranger on localbitcoins.com . 
  plenty of the older games run in a dos emulator even on windows . 
  wine feels a bit `` dirty '' on linux ... but as long as someone else is taking care of the driver , configuration and packaging issues , i 'm most happy to use it . 
  publishing the details of an invention before applying for a patent gives you no protective rights , and * disqualifies you and everyone else from later patenting it * . 
  i think you might have misunderstood the type of protection op is looking for . 
  they want an exclusive right to use and profit from the invention ( = patent ) , not to give everyone a completely free right to use it . 
   gravitational force between the earth and the ball would point up but since the mass of the ball is negative it would accelerate in the opposite direction from the gravitational force ( a = f/m ) so it would still fall down . 
  this is related to another open question : the ( non - ) equivalence of gravitational and inertial mass . 
  * gravitational mass is the measure of how much gravitational force two bodies produce on each other ( f = g * m1 * m2 / r ^ 2 ) . 
  * inertial mass is the measure of how much a body resists acceleration when pushed with a force ( f = m * a ) . 
  all experiments to date have shown that both are positive , and have an equal value to at least precision of 1 out of 10 ^ -12 . 
  but we do n't yet know an obvious reason * why * they would have to be equal . 
  as a thought experiment , if an usual body with a positive gravitational mass interacts with a exotic body with negative gravitational mass , the gravitational force on both is negative : they are pushed apart . 
  if the exotic body has still positive inertial mass , then both accelerate away from each other until they get so far apart that the gravitational force becomes infinitesimally small . 
  negative inertial mass on the exotic body leads to even stranger conclusions . 
  the usual body accelerates away , but the exotic one * towards * the usual one . 
  if the size of their masses are equal , they will travel as a pair at a constant distance , both forever accelerating towards the direction of the usual mass . 
  if the usual body is much larger , then the exotic one will hit it , get pushed away with more reaction force , and as a result accelerate * more * towards the usual body and crush itself against it . 
  but in any case , either type of negative mass is just a mathematical thought experiment so far , and has never been observed . 
   clearly , you 'd still need a proper rotational engine . 
  or horizontal srbs at the tips of the blades !, 
   they 're probably doing it so , when you walk into the market , you think `` hey , i usually do n't drink coca cola , but that one has my/a friends name on it , i got ta have it ! '', 
  it was an annoyingly brilliant marketing campaign . 
  when the named bottles first came to stores , my facebook feed was filled with people posting `` hey i found your coke '' pictures to each other 's walls . 
  i have n't been following buttcoin news much - what 's the deal with gift cards ? 
  why are buttcoiners using them for purchases ? 
  why not just exchange coins back into usd before making a purchase - it 's a `` gift card '' that 's accepted by perhaps half of the world 's businesses ? 
  or if they want to avoid actual dollars , how is a gift card ( measured in $ ) morally different ? 
  if you asked for something before telling them the idea , they would have refused to listen and ended the conversation right there . 
  they have been working on their business for a while , so whenever a customer makes a suggestion , it 's likely that the idea is already in their future plans or would also be invented by an employee at some point . 
  they would n't agree on payment before hearing and evaluating it , and you ca n't tell it to them before agreeing on payment . 
  maybe you could have patented it - but that 's a complicated and expensive process , with no guarantee that they will want to buy the patent . 
  the only realistic way to make money off a good idea is to start competing business , be successful at it , and either just profit from the business or get a buyout offer from them . 
  so unless you want to start a competitor , just seeing your idea put to practice , and benefitting from it as a customer is a great outcome . 
  perhaps you can remind them of your suggestion , and politely ask for a gift card . 
  if they still remember your call , they might agree . 
  try to bump and push him loose with another ship . 
  do n't tell the agencies coming up with the contracts . 
  `` test the big-ass srb at a speed of 500m/s , at an altitude of -200 meters . '', 
   and if you could pay for everything in crypto, 
  most of the arguments for buttcoin seem to use this assumption . 
  but it 's certainly not the case today , and most of the posters here do n't believe it will ever happen . 
  for example i 'm absolutely certain that all large governments will demand that taxes are paid in their own currency , government salaries/pensions/support is paid out in their own currency , and perhaps also that all usual employment contracts must have salaries fixed and paid in their own currency .
