  the more evidence you go to them with , the more likely it is that they will actually do something . 
  http://www.kingitus.ee probably has the biggest selection of `` fun experience gift cards '' . 
  there is no english version of the site though . 
  they do have a few teachers with automatics , not sure about the languages spoken . 
  note that learning with automatic is very rare in estonia , because then you get a special label on your license that prohibits you from driving manuals in the future . 
   am i wrong to think this forum can provide something of value ? 
  this forum collects links to hilarious things that `` bitcoiners '' post online . 
  it 's a bit like / r/nottheonion or / r/conspiratard for all things related to bitcoins . 
  that 's great value in my opinion . 
  many of the posters here are actually familiar with the technical details of bitcoin , but just do n't believe that it 's a good idea or useful to anyone except for buying drugs online . 
  but in the end , technical discussions are still entirely optional , when the bitcoin community also provides enough comedy gold with their `` investments '' , scams and frauds . 
   you 'll definitely need to back up your claims of sustained verbal abuse, 
  is even that enough ? 
  i always understood that custody is based on how each parent interacts with their child , not with each other . 
  op would need to show that the husband is abusive or dangerous * for the child * , not just for op , to get no unsupervised visits ? 
  only in bit-coinland : scams advertised as `` honest '' ponzi schemes , where the last participants will lose their coins , but the operator promises to not also run an exit scam . 
  not as good as a mouse and keyboard ... * while sitting at a desk * . 
  i have n't tried it myself yet , but it certainly looks a lot better than awkwardly trying to aim with a mouse that 's on a pillow next to you on the couch . 
  trademarks are for names and logos . 
  you can get one for a medium-sized fee ( around $ 1k ? ), 
  to make sure nobody else uses the same name for other games . 
  the design and artwork of the cards is protected automatically under copyright laws , without even having to do anything , just because you created it . 
  you can still register the copyright for a small fee ( around $ 100 ? 
  ) , to have a stronger claim and get punitive damages if someone does copy it . 
  the gameplay * concepts * are however probably not covered by either copyrights nor patents . 
  for example , there was a case about tetris - it was decided that copying the concept of `` falling blocks , disappearing rows '' can not be protected , but the exact shape of the tetris blocks can be . 
  so if you make your card game with pictures of wizards and spells , other people can make a functionally equivalent game with pictures of mechanics and cars if they fudge the hit points and other numbers a bit . 
  done !, 
  i remember seeing a pretty chart of exactly this ( not sure if for curiosity or some other mission ) : r&d , payload manufacturing , launcher , operations after launch , etc. 
  but no amount of googling seems to find it :(, 
  if i remember correctly , then the r&d for the spacecraft was the largest component , and after that operations over the lifetime of the mission . 
  the launcher rocket was a surprisingly small fraction ( 20-30 % ? 
   what would be needed in order for earth to efficiently use solar energy captured by dyson swarm collectors in space ? 
  it would have to * run out of space * in the deserts first . 
  putting solar panels in space is more expensive than just plopping them on the ground , and any beaming technology is going to have efficiency losses compared to linking them up directly to an earth power grid . 
  so regardless of improvements in solar panel & space technology , it will be more economical to just use them here until we ca n't fit in any more . 
  yes . 
  but is it really necessary to add that support for lists and tuples ? 
  if you are doing numerical analysis with matrixes , you are most certainly using numpy and the wide range of numerical/scientific libraries that use numpy . 
  just adding matrix multiplication would not be enough - you would then also need elementwise addition , transpose/rotate , up to all the good stuff like fourier transforms or image processing on top of these same matrices . 
  the `` unused by core language '' argument was already addressed in the pep proposing it : https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0465/#but-isn-t-matrix-multiplication-a-pretty-niche-requirement, 
  numpy is the most popular third-party library , and python is becoming * the * language to use for numerical/scientific computing because of these libraries . 
  ( and as a bonus , unlike r or matlab , you can also use your experience in it for web apps , desktop apps , and shell utilities . ), 
   he agrees , i do the edits , then he bickers about how `` that 's not what he wanted '' and etc. 
  even though i have it all in email , he 's just very vague . 
  by the end of the edits , i end up making almost less than minimum wage , when my hourly rates are generally around $ 70 an hour . 
  you can not quote fixed prices unless there is a detailed description of the work - and unless the client understands that `` not what i wanted '' is irrelevant as long as it matches the description . 
  is there anything stopping you from refusing fixed-price quotes and just billing him based on hours used ? 
  it only appears mental because we assume that she was calm and calculated while writing this . 
  my best guess is :, 
  * girl wants to find a serious relationship , with a view towards marriage . 
  * girl mistakenly thinks that `` hooking up with guys '' is a way to get them interested in that relationship ( certainly naive , but not mental and not that uncommon ) . 
  * so she 's had a bunch of quick hookups , where she was hoping for a relationship , but obviously the guys had no such plans . 
  * after being rejected for a relationship by the latest date , she gets angry at `` getting used just for fun yet again '' , gets drunk , and proceeds to text the rant to op . 
  1 ) there is risk of pickpockets in the tourist areas , and some cases of very drunk tourists being robbed . 
  if you leave a mobile phone or laptop visible in a parked car , there 's a risk of someone smashing a window to steal it . 
  overall it should be a lot safer than for example large european capitals . 
  violent crime in estonia usually follows this pattern : a group of middle-aged , long-term unemployed `` friends '' drink vodka in an apartment block kitchen . 
  there is a disagreement , and someone stabs another drinking buddy . 
  not really a concern for tourists . 
  2 ) did you mean `` closed '' or `` close '' ? 
  despite that most estonians claim to have no similarity to russian culture at all , i still think there are some similarities : the drinking culture , both estonians and russians have read the same books in high school , listen to the same american pop music , etc. 
  but avoid starting conversations with `` just like russia '' or `` do you speak russian '' , this will immediately piss off most estonians . 
  the language and some parts of the culture are very similar to finland , and we like to avoid being reminded of the russian occupation . 
  foreign tourists and students are generally welcomed , and considered fun and interesting people to hang out with in a student context . 
  if you `` look brown '' , there might be people who stare in the streets ( because its unusual ) , or people who shout something offensive referring to refugees . 
  but this is unlikely to happen among other students or restaurants used to tourists , etc. 
  3 ) hard to say . 
  it 's back at the pre-crisis level , and it seems that unemployment is falling and salaries are growing again . 
  people constantly bitch about it * when comparing our economy to finland and sweden which enjoyed a stable 20th century * , but overall i think its going in the right direction . 
  purchasing power is maybe around half of western europe , or closer to even if you 're in it . 
  4 ) hard to believe - i 'm sure there 's places in large uninhabited countries with cleaner air . 
  but outside of tallinn city centre and the eastern border ( where the power plants are ) , it should be great . 
  i think there are less than 100 refugees actually in estonia , so i do n't see why people are so concerned about them ( they wo n't stay anyway as soon as they learn that the ferry ticket to finland or sweden costs 20 eur ) . 
  my comment about `` brown '' was instead meant as an unfortunate but realistic warning - there are some racist assholes in estonia , and they are less politically correct about keeping it to themselves compared to us/uk/etc . 
  if you stay here as a student for example , you will sometimes meet them in the streets - but i think that most people who you would actually spend time with ( other students , professors , etc ) will be much more welcoming . 
  sorry , it was not obvious where it says that - and from the excerpt i still do n't see anything about it . 
   designer will provide support services for the following 6 months ( the `` maintenance period '' ) for an agreed upon price . 
  this does n't mean that the support is included in the original price , right ? 
  and your agreed upon price is $ 70/h , right ? 
  is there any part where you promise to include future support in the original bid , or that you provide * fixed price * bids for support ? 
  well , it 's entirely * possible * that you created a contract where you promise to offer unlimited extra work for 6 months as part of the one fixed payment . 
  but it seems unlikely that you * actually * did . 
  depending on the whole contract , there may be ways to interpret this in a more reasonable way : disregard client 's `` not what i wanted '' and mark the updates as done , charge extra for support , classify some work as support and the rest as new development , etc. 
  i 'm sure an actual lawyer who reads the whole contract will find these , and it will cost you less than a day 's income . 
  as a suggestion , when going to meet with a lawyer to review the contract , it 's going to speed it up a lot if you also bring a clear list of your desired outcomes in order of preference . 
  then it seems like no big problem at all ? 
  * if you have any edits still ongoing , finish them according to the description that he actually wrote down at the time of the quote . 
  if this does n't match `` what he wanted '' , that 's too bad , but then he needs to have more accurate descriptions next time . 
  * for any future edits , tell him that you are moving to time-based billing with no fixed price up front . 
  if the requests changes , keep billing him for all work until it is ( he will quickly start writing more accurate task descriptions and stop requesting pointless changes to save money ) . 
   `` i mean i am living a decent life here . 
  but i am frustrated with politics and future in long term here . 
  so thats why `` iwantout '' scenario . 
  i am non eu citizen and i need to have visa of sweden before i can board on plane , is that true ? '', 
  do n't all the estonians working/living abroad have the exact same motivation ? 
  he 's not going to get actual asylum , estonian immigration officials have sent back most people who apply for asylum here - and coming here for unemployment or other social `` benefits '' is just entirely retarded . 
  but if op wants to come here to study/work , and gets the appropriate visa for it ( student visa is probably easiest ) , then why not ? 
  but you still get to ask for any fixed price , right ? 
  even if you 're not making up astronomical quotes to get rid of him - make them realistic , not best-case based on the initial description .
