  and if you 're complaining about you as someone born 1990 still paying `` soli '' - none of us was born in the german empire when they built the `` kriegsmarine '' , the ships are all sunk , scrapped , or still rust in scapa flow . 
  but all of us still pay sparkling wine tax :d, 
  same here in germany , every city is littered with them , exactly in the same posture . 
  except for the one in the underpass on my way to work , that one is more upright and not sitting . 
  and he 's got a cup in his hands instead of a hat in front of him . 
  sometimes rattling with the cup when you pass . 
  i never give those guys any , it 'll just end up in some beggar lord 's pocket . 
  there 's a busker with a guitar 20m down the underpass , he entertains me , so he gets a coin every now and then . 
   would n't be surprised if we show more swedish tv series than swedish television itself . 
  maria wern , stieg larsson , wallander , gsi g\u00f6teborg , camilla l\u00e4ckberg , arne dahl you name it we got it . 
  tons of danish crime thrillers , too . 
  but all only in a cheap german knock-off version : / at least in the uk they get the original with subtitles . 
  in german tv everything has to be dubbed , because reading german is considered to difficult for german audiences . 
   i do n't know maybe it has to do with believing that eastern europe should be dominated by russia and that nato has pushed them to the brink and therefor they are justified in aggression ? 
  or it could be their resistance to sanctioning russia for aggressive expansion all the while screaming about punishing the united states for nsa surveillance ? 
  it could just be that there has n't been a peep of outrage from germans that russia is listening in to the phone calls of european leaders and then releasing their recordings to the media ? 
  i do n't know what your problem is mate , but all of your rant has nothing to do with someone being glad there is an european alternative to a us-centered subreddit . 
  just because he chose a flair that seems to offend you in some way does n't mean you have to accuse him of everything that bothers you about the country whose flag this flair stands for . 
  from the wikipedia site it looks like it was a partnership of the parent company of inekon with skoda that ended in tears ... err lawsuits in 2001 . 
  but the inekon trams look pretty decent from the pictures as well . 
  as long as your city did n't order siemens trams - those are utter rubbish . 
  skoda ones ? 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/\u0160koda_15_t - these ones are pretty cool , 
   every single day , even after 15 years , after numerous apologies , after prosecuting war criminals , after delivering our citizens to the icty , after two presidents publicly saying `` i am sorry for what my people did to yours '' - yet still , we 're the evil guys . 
  we 're tha bad ones . 
  especially in this subreddit . 
  welcome to former bad guys anonymous . 
  name tags are on the table , coffee and cookies are over there . 
  hello , i am herman and i am sorry . 
  - hello herman !, 
  not having to exchange money when going to another eurozone country comes to mind at first . 
  then i remember when i was a kid and we went to france on holiday , you still had border checkpoints . 
  most times they did not check people , but sometimes you had to show your id cards . 
  schengen area abolished that . 
  cheap mobile phone usage in other european countries ( my prepaid provider let 's me call germany for the same 9ct/min that you 'd pay inside germany ( if you do n't have a subscription ) . 
  and of course , i worked one year in prague and i 'm going to work in edinburgh next . 
  and all i had or will have to show is my passport and i have the right to live and work , had/will have health care , earned/will earn credits towards a pension . 
  i 'm pretty sure there are things that have affected me negatively . 
  but all in all , i think the benefits hugely outweigh the downsides . 
  so the pommies finally translated `` er ist wieder da '' and now they realize ( again ) that they do n't have the monopoly on hitler jokes ( which they never had in the first place ) and the guardian takes the pr hogwash from the publishing company ( those are known to hype their new books as if they were the finest thing to happen since the invention of sliced bread or the printing press even ) and turns it into a news article . 
  well ... ookeeey ... that said , i enjoyed reading `` er ist wieder da '' immensely , how he has a go at the tv programme in his hotel room or how he visits the npd headquarters is just hilarious , because it pokes fun at the mindless retardation daily tv in germany offers and at the neo nazis who still have n't realized that no matter what they do , they will always be the laughing stock of the country . 
  and yes , you think `` with '' hitler , rather than about him . 
  sometimes you find yourself identifying with him , thinking `` he 's right about that '' or similar . 
  you laugh and get scared of yourself at the same time . 
  so much godwin in one article . 
  but seriously : it is bild , what did people expect . 
  and even though the author seems to be german , he does n't know german history ( which says something , because we get nazi germany shoved down our throats about 6-12 times in different classes while we are at school : 2x in history class , in german class under the pretext of analysing poetry from that era , in religious class so that the 2 churches can exonerate themselves from blame ( `` look , there were people against hitler , so all those people who joined the nazi church organisation do n't count , honest !, 
  '' ) , french class gives you nazi germany as well , but at least it 's from a different perspective . 
  politics class gives you nazi germany again , probably 2x , depending on the curriculum . 
  and i might have forgotten some subjects ) sooo , it is quite intriguing how he says :  tymoshenko equates russia 's annexation of crimea , which was based on a clear vote by crimean residents , with hitler 's war of destruction against the soviet union , in which 20 million soviet citizens were killed , including millions of jews , communists and partisans who were mercilessly butchered , many in ukraine . 
  because he forgets that hitler also started with not one but 2 `` clear votes '' , one from the `` saargebiet '' residents , one from the `` ostmark '' ( or as it is known today : austria  ) . 
  especially the anschluss of austria shows quite the similarity to crimea : occupy the area under some pretext and afterwards organise a referendum to legalize the occupation . 
  http://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:stimmzettel-anschluss.jpg i do n't feel putin is the new hitler , that still would be way to far off . 
  he might become the new hitler if he continues like hitler , but for now he is n't . 
  but to deny that there is some similarity between what russia does now and what nazi germany did between 1933 and 1939 , that 's just ignoring history . 
  germany , austria , switzerland , czech republic , poland , sweden , norway , denmark , finland , estonia . 
  not sure bout netherlands and belgium , but the netherlands are usually more in tune with the german traditions ( they have the sinterklaas , similar to our nikolaus ; which the americans turned into santa clause and robbed him of his day - he comes on the 5th/6th , not on christmas ) . 
  so i 'd say in northern europe it 's only the anglos who are different , 
  i do n't remember to be honest . 
  i might have just said that i want a `` normal '' beer meaning a draught beer . 
  i was mainly angry at the server for telling me that it was the czech beer and then bringing me the american beer ( which is not allowed to be called `` budweiser '' in germany in the first place ) . 
  if she would have just come back and told me that it was n't the czech one , i would have ordered something else straight away . 
  but so she just brought me the american one , it was already open and i did n't want it , because it was probably almost twice the price of the draught beer for something i did not order . 
  i do remember years ago , i had been to czech republic with a few friends from uni and absolutely enjoyed the beer there . 
  a month or two later i am at a bar in my home town and see that they have budweiser there ( it was just written in the menu , no logos present ) . 
  so i ask if it 's the original one from czech republic . 
  the server said yes , so i ordered one . 
  then she brought me a bottle of anheuser bush instead of budweiser . 
  needless to say i told her she could take it away and bring me a real beer instead . 
   let 's not forget eu 's illustrious period in which they did not allow cucumbers to have bends or bananas to be straight because `` reasons '' . 
  the `` reasons '' for the ec ( was n't eu back then ) were plain and simple the unified market . 
  they wanted to create a minimum standard to ease transport and trade of imported bananas inside the ec , because there were n't any , which basically is one of the `` other '' trade obstacles ( not being a tariff or customs ) to a single market . 
  there might have been better ways to achieve this , but you can not say they did it because of `` reasons '' . 
  this one is one of the urban myths about the eu . 
  there germany said `` fruit liqueurs with and alcohol content of less than 25 % are banned because of * reasons * , therefore cassis de dijon is banned in germany '' . 
  this one needs to be told way more often . 
  because it happens a lot more , single countries just trying to prevent something from happening because of laughable reasons ( germany tried to tell the court that having liqueur with 17 % instead of 25 % would cause more alcoholism , when there was absolutely nothing to indicate such a thing , just to give one example ) . 
  they really like repainting monuments down in sofia , do n't they ? 
  do n't worry , the majority of german citizens are ill-informed fools as well . 
  and i 'm pretty sure our 2 countries are n't the only ones . 
  fried cheese is hungarian ? 
  that looks a bit like [ sma\u017een\u00fd s\u00fdr ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sma\u017een\u00fd_s\u00fdr ) you get in czech republic . 
  which is really amazing with tartar sauce and if you 're vegetarian and visiting czech republic , this is the main veggie dish you 'll see in restaurants :d, 
  it is probably closer to 80km as the crow flies and of course the land route around the vogelsberg is even longer . 
  and while the [ fulda gap ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fulda_gap ) was a weak point where soviet troops could have advanced on frankfurt and a lot of military planning was done on how to counter such an attack , i doubt that this was the main reason why frankfurt did n't make the capital of west germany . 
  the [ german wikipedia page ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/hauptstadtfrage_der_bundesrepublik_deutschland ) does make it sound more like a struggle between spd and cdu and each favoured one city ... 
   what is undemocratic about the eu ? 
  london does n't like being ruled by brussels , frankfurt and strasbourg in the way london rules the scots . 
   call too on the british to ... ah nevermind . 
  na , they 'll just misunderstand orders and charge into valleys or something . 
  i love that word , it usually has this nice `` how the hell did you manage to do that ?? '', 
  ring to it . 
  in another forum i frequent , there was one guy describing how he was trying to take off a sock and when it came off he kicked himself in the balls with his foot . 
  that 's a perfect k\u00f6rperklaus right there :d, 
   i have never witnessed anyone saying `` fisch '' to another person , so that was kinda odd . 
  yeah , i know of calling someone a `` blindfisch '' ( used in a `` ref , are you blind ? '', 
  kinda way ) but it 's rare . 
  the usage of first names for insults ( except for `` heini '' which has always been around ) seems to be a newer trend . 
  `` horst '' ( mentioned in the video ) , `` vollhorst '' ( a complete horst , like `` vollpfosten '' ) , `` k\u00f6rperklaus '' ( someone who is not really a `` flasche '' , meaning weak , but just does n't have the skills to properly control his movements . 
  it 's someone who 's able to give himself a black eye while trying to catch a ball ),
