  and of course the shit the belgians did in the congo basin was genocide : * genocide scholar adam jones comments , `` the result was one of the most brutal and all-encompassing corv\u00e9e institutions the world has known . 
  male rubber tappers and porters were mercilessly exploited and driven to death . '' [ 6 ] leopold 's agents held the wives and children of these men hostage until they returned with their rubber quota . 
  [ 5 ] those who refused or failed to supply enough rubber often had their villages burned down , children murdered , and their hands cut off . 
  [ 1,3 ] * http://www.yale.edu/gsp/colonial/belgian_congo/ if that is not genocide , then i do n't know what is . 
   second , the democratic deficit that people always complain about is bullshit . 
  it 's a myth spun by people that do n't understand either how the eu system works , or have some strange notion of what democracy is . 
  it is not a myth , otherwise the idea that the eu is democratically legitimated would also classify as a myth . 
  then all we would have done is to rename legal theories into myths . 
  the idea that a democratic decision ( the national elections ) legitimize via free mandate to give some of those powers to appointed people in a supranational and intergovernmental organization is one legal theory . 
  there are other legal theories that say that one democratic decision at the base is not enough , especially if that decision goes up to many levels . 
  you can easily argue that a national election gives the mandate to form a national government and govern the country . 
  it also via historic tradition mandates the government to negotiate treaties with foreign powers . 
  but something like the eu , that 's forming a government to then form another government and legislative council in one and no proper control on what that council above the government is agreeing on . 
  that 's stretching this part quite thin . 
  it has happened quite often that members of the government of a national state have gone against the will of their parliament ( sometimes not even behind closed doors ) to force something through that would not have been possible in normal national process because parliament would not have passed the respective law . 
  one of the other deficits of the eu is the fact that national parliaments give powers to the eu council which is supposed to act as legislative on eu level but is part of the executive on national levels , that one is a bit difficult when it comes to separation of powers . 
  then we have the fact that the eu was created and its framework still works as a supranational organisation , meaning it is treaties between countries . 
  but actually a lot of the eu already works like it is a federal state , which it is n't . 
  as the german constitutional court ( so much for `` myth '' ) delicately put it - there is the danger that parts of the eu become selfstrengthening and gain too much power without proper democratic control . 
  14 abs . 
  10 abs . 
  that 's why the german constitutional court says they still reserve the power to check all acts of the eu to ensure they do n't destroy the identity of the german constitution or overreach their powers . 
  the german constitutional court is also one that i have high hopes for when the time will come to shoot a overreaching ttip treaty that will destroy the values of our constitution out of the water . 
  the eu representatives negotiating the ttip are only remotely democratically elected , the eu has a widely known democracy deficit . 
  but apart from that : the normal process to create any law requires a hearing of all ( or most ) concerned parties , even though the law is made by democratically elected representatives . 
  here they tell us and our lobbies ( the consumer organisations , the civil rights organisations and others ) that the negotiations have to be without them . 
  not only that but also the results are kept secret . 
  they are also kept secret from small and medium business owners , who also will not be heard . 
  the only ones who are heard and get to know the results of the negotiations are the big corporations . 
  which smells so strongly of favouritism that you could n't smell a rotting skunk in the same room any more . 
  if it was secret to create a treaty without lobbying , that would be ok somehow . 
  but letting big business lobbyists in and keeping everyone else out , that 's the garbage you speak of . 
  a secret treaty where only big corporations have a say will most likely only give prosperity to those . 
  jobs in my country are usually in small and middle sized companies , the big corporations only buy up and then downsize . 
  so why should we help big corporations to prosperity ? 
  why should we eat poisoned chicken to help them make more money ? 
  why should we pay them tax money if we refuse to eat poisoned chicken and they then sue our country for `` missed business opportunities '' ? 
  making chlorine poisoned chicken without big red warning labels available in europe would be about the same as legalizing the criminals putting horse meat and meat not fit for human consumption into frozen food as it happened in the past . 
  already the european ( and my own countries ) standards for labelling food are too low , we need better labelling , better ways of checking where our food is from , not less !, 
  and now we should sacrifice the lacking standards we have for sake of a `` chance of prosperity '' ? 
  santa clause is based on the weihnachtsmann and the nikolaus . 
  and the nikolaus is the saint nikolaus from what is now turkey . 
  both were brought to the us by german immigrants in the 1800s and somehow became santa clause , that one was painted red by cocacola and then reimported to germany after ww2 . 
  the weihnachtsmann is the protestant version , while the christkind is the catholic version ( or the southern german version ) , so actually it should be both version over germany , not just austria and switzerland . 
  the nuremberg christmas market for instance is called `` christkindlesmarkt '' and is opened in ceremony by the christkind . 
  the christkind is supposed to represent baby jesus , so obviously it is usually portrayed by a woman in white and gold robes with a blonde wig and a crown :d, 
  there is an abundance of weird incentives for a lot that has to do with kids , yes . 
  but there is no structure , no actual goal except to spend money . 
  and then there 's contradicting stuff - like a raise in `` kindergeld '' gets taken away from people on benefits immediately because it is taken out of the benefits they receive . 
  middle class families get most of it taken away by taxes and cold progression , so who profits from that ? 
  if you get money from one part of the state only to have another part take it away , that 's not really an incentive . 
  maybe because if you put your kid in child care you are still labelled as a `` rabenmutter '' , a mother that neglects their children . 
  the conservatives still want mothers to stay at home at all costs . 
  and the cost is low birth rates . 
  every year it comes up in the news , every year there is complaining and whining in talk shows , every year nothing gets done . 
  ... oh wait , that 's how every problem is handled in germany . 
  learning mandarin lesson one : `` i can not see my hand in all that smog . '', 
  `` my lungs burn with the pollution . '', 
  `` i need a respirator . '', 
  `` can you point me to the nearest pharmacy ? '', 
  my first thought as well , but then i remembered that especially at that age teenagers do really stupid stuff because they 're teenagers . 
  there 's suicide attempts , stupid dares , running away from home and so on . 
  or just rebelling against the parents ... easy to imagine something like that happened to that kid . 
  and maybe someone just took advantage of that ... 
   would that apply to the european ban on chicken carcasses washed with chlorine , a controversial practice permitted in the us ? 
  `` that 's one example where it might . '', 
  yay , poisoned chicken \\ o /, 
  i really do not know why those stupid coins are in existence in the first place . 
  they have no buying power whatsoever , cost way too much to make in relation to their nominal value and are probably never in circulation for long because people just put them out of their wallets . 
  in australia , 5 cents is the lowest coin . 
  equals 3.5 eurocents . 
  in czech republic the 1 crown is the lowest coin , equals 3.7 eurocents . 
  and especially in czech republic where prices are lower 1 crown actually still gives you something - you can buy a plastic bag at the supermarket for it . 
  but seriously , what item in the eurozone costs less than 5 eurocents ? 
  and the rounding actually just evens out , one time you lose a few cents , one time you gain a few . 
  if you 're a real penny-pincher you can actually gain money by that - just pay with card when the rounding is not in your favour because digitally the smaller amounts still exist . 
  but i think especially in germany there is 0 chance for something like that to happen , people are too stubborn `` dem stealing our monies ! '', 
  will be the battle cry of yellow press and alzheimers brigade in unison ... 
  you could 've insisted she take it . 
  they are still legal currency . 
  i had a dutch flatmate in prague and he told me that he had to get angry at a shopping lady as well after he brought back small change from a festival visit in germany and wanted to pay with it , but in the end she gave in . 
  probably helped that he could tell her what he thought of her idea in dutch ... 
  is reich time now ? 
  but on a more serious side : germany has far too many nimby people , so building a road will be exactly like italy , only with fewer public protests but heaps of court cases instead . 
  your text sounds a bit too drastic . 
  that would only happen if the driver was a member of her own party . 
  or in bavaria :d, 
   but at the same time everyone acts like we 're trying to fucking take over europe , or some shit . 
  it 's not fair . 
  i 'm just a regular guy , not exactly rich , living in a shitty apt , making shitty money , and i 'm basically treated like a villain for not wanting my country to go down the shitter . 
  can you blame me for having reached a point where i find it hard to sympathize with our southern friends ? 
  has the idea that the current german politics only will make our country `` go down the shitter '' a bit later ( maybe even last ) , but still wo n't prevent it , ever crossed your mind ? 
  i mean , the banks and the corporations will be safe , but you and i will be screwed big time . 
  hm , got picked to do dutch . 
  maybe because i said it was a bit uglier than the other languages in question ( i do n't like the throaty sounds of dutch or swiss german ) . 
  funny enough i got 12/12 - working in an open office space next to the dutch team at my old job and spending a lot of time after work with some of the dutch guys paid off :d, 
  i wonder if merkel could actually get super pissed at all . 
  someone could probably run over her dog three times backward and forward and she would still only send steffen seibert out to the cameras to tell the press that she `` strongly objects the running over of her dog and that she publicly condemns the driver who did it '' . 
  and when the driver then tells her , that he does not at this moment run over this dog and that he will in the future refrain from running over this dog again , then she will be happy and have pofalla declare the whole thing over . 
   why do we simply get a `` cut and paste '' article from the telegraph , that is itself simply a cut and paste from a uk eurosceptic mep 's press release ?
