  well because that 's how modern media works today . 
  same in germany : an underpaid intern at `` bild '' reads a press release from some weirdo person/organisation , takes an article from foreign satirical paper for real news , mistranslates a normal foreign newspaper article or misunderstands a news-wire and creates an article with a big headline for their web page from it . 
  then `` spiegel '' interns see that article on `` bild '' 's web site and copy & paste it . 
  to make it look like `` spiegel '' is more intellectual , they add some fancy wording to it and maybe throw in a little content from wikipedia from something related . 
  that article gets picked up by news agencies and then gets picked up by every other news outlet , who all either c & p bild , spiegel or the release from the news outlet onto their web site . 
  none of them has done any research , which would 've cost only a couple of minutes of googleing . 
  ( edit : i know the quote is not from you and that i 'm answering to someone 's comment on the independent 's web site , but the question was too good to pass on  ), 
  i do n't really care if david cameron personally listens to mutti 's calls or if obama uses mutti 's emails and text messages as bedtime reading , but : i care about the fact that those peeping toms and pervs in fort meade and cheltenham ( and probably also in pullach , pretty sure we 'll have a story about that soon ) analyse and store everyone else 's emails , calls , texts , search histories and whatnot . 
  because no one of the `` it 's an old hat '' crowd can tell me the governments have always spied on every citizen of every other country . 
  the only thing that has been done was one government spying on a hell of a lot of their own citizens and that has been deemed as a really bad idea . 
  so why should it be a good idea now ? 
  i would just give them new premisses , somewhere in rural brandenburg , far enough so that they ca n't spy so easily . 
  give the local economy in brandenburg a bit of a push and use the former embassies in central berlin for something better - win-win situation :d, 
   ok tell me this . 
  why do we not have some sort of mental test that asylum seekers need to pass before they can enter the country ? 
  great way to create a catch-22 you have there . 
  in my dialect it would be the word for a bag . 
  and a form of the verb to do as well . 
   long-term that does never happen in neither politics nor in any private company . 
  those people are not able to think long term , mostly because they do n't get paid to think long-term . 
  the politician thinks in election terms , they do n't care what happens in 20 years , they 'll be dead then . 
  the ceo or manager thinks in even shorter periods , either quarters or financial years . 
  so either policy is implemented that is hurtful long-term or even mid-term or in companies downsizing and `` creating efficiency '' is used to get good figures for the shareholders now but while forgetting that letting go half of your r&d department will hurt the company like hell in a couple of years because you ca n't compete with others any more or your products are of bad quality and give you a bad reputation . 
  i read a piece a while ago of how siemens basically shot themselves in the knee a few years back and now it shows . 
  but nobody ever learns from that . 
  and that 's a global problem . 
  good on you . 
  i 'm not in the youth group any longer but belong to the normal unemployed at the moment . 
  i know just how you feel ... this is probably one of the most degrading things you can feel as a person . 
  i know , been there done that . 
  2 years , but i still want more :d, 
  and the french . 
  the treaty of versailles basically programmed the next war - it might have happened without hitler . 
  in history class we did a extensive comparison of the vienna congress in 1815 and the versailles treaty in 1919 and the fact that metternich and the other victors over napoleon in vienna did not want to see france humiliated , they knew they could not split up or take away territory from france ( except the stuff they took during the napoleonic wars obviously ) because they knew the new government in paris would need public support . 
  and then we had 1919 , where it was `` ze germans haf caused it , we want germany ` umiliated ! '', 
  it was all `` let 's give the people a right to decide which country they want to belong to . 
  unless they 're german of course , then we will ignore their wishes and give the lands to the countries we just created . '', 
  in the east . 
  `` and reparations !, 
  let 's cripple their economy and on top make them pay until their grandchildren are in retirement ! '', 
  they basically sent the new german government home with so much baggage that they ( and the new democracy ) never had a chance . 
  for the normal german citizen there was so much injustice in the versailles treaty that during the first period of hitlers regime it all looked like `` here 's the leader who finally will get rid of the injustice done to us in versailles , something those spineless democratic governments never were able to do . '', 
  i will not shift blame from germans for starting ww2 , for not seeing the signs of what was coming , for the conservative circles that thought they had `` hired '' hitler as a means to get the monarchy back to not see the idiocy of that plan ect . 
  - but you have to take the versailles treaty ( and the french policy afterwards as well ) into account . 
  if you win and do n't stop kicking your opponent while he 's down , he 's not going to take that too well ... 
  yes please . 
  then i could just go live and work in australia on my eu citizenship , hello surfing after work !, 
  yes , but this is switzerland we 're talking about . 
  they get to vote on a lot of issues . 
  if you want to change the uk constitution to look more like switzerland , that 's an internal issue . 
  i was only talking about the external dealings . 
  and at least in the uk they are talking about a referendum . 
  we in germany are never asked . 
  euro , european constitution ... 
  but only because people do n't realize what it means . 
  i have a few friends who are swiss german and they characterize the swiss style relationship with the eu as one where switzerland does not have anything to say in the making of the rules or treaties but because it is landlocked and needs to do business with its neighbours , it is forced to join most agreements anyways , just not as eu member . 
  switzerland is a schengen member for example . 
  i am not sure if equal ( or maybe even more ) pressure to join agreements with the eu paired with no voice in the negotiations is something the uk would want instead of the situation as it is now . 
  there was an interview with one of the people mentioned in the above article on zeit.de the other day , but it 's in german : http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2013-10/nsa-uerberwachung-merkel-interview-foschepoth/komplettansicht he mentions a change of the german constitution in 1968 ( the so called `` notstandsgesetze '' , state of emergency laws , which changed article 10 of the constitution guaranteeing the invulnerability of privacy in mail and telecommunications by adding a 2nd paragraph which states `` limits can only be implemented on the basis of a law . 
  if the limit serves to protect the liberal-democratic fundamental order or the existence of the federal government or one of the federal states , the law can state that those affected will not be informed and that instead of legal process there will be review by organs appointed by the parliament . '', 
  - very rough translation of german constitutional legalese ) in the same part he also refers to an additional treaty from 1959 to the nato troops statute which according to him guarantees the same privileges for intelligence services of us , uk and france and he says that this is still valid today : `` die gleichen geheimdienstlichen rechte der drei westm\u00e4chte waren aber l\u00e4ngst im zusatzvertrag zum nato-truppenstatut von 1959 dauerhaft gesichert . 
  but while finding a changelog to the german constitution is quite easy , i could n't find the original text of the 1959 online , only a modified version from 1993 , so i 'm not sure what article of the treaty he refers to . 
  because i would get called worse names than that if i would write what i really think of merkel ... 
  believe me , i 'm the last person to give `` mutti '' a free pass . 
  but i also ca n't get angry at her any more , i 'm more angry at the german people , they thought it was a good idea to re-elect her . 
  and the other german parties , not enough balls to actually send a decent candidate against her . 
  every country get the government it deserves . 
  pity in europe everyone else also gets all the other governments they did not deserve ... 
  merkel would have not taken a side in any fight , she always does this . 
  that 's just her normal behaviour . 
  two of her ministers publicly fight over policy ? 
  well , any chancellor would get involved , seeing as setting policy is the main duty of the job . 
  not angie , she just sits back and waits until there is a winner in the public eye and then gets on the winning side . 
  why do you think she 's so popular in germany ? 
  no one actually connects her with her cabinet . 
  they make the mistakes and get punished in public opinion , she does n't get involved , sit everything out and nothing sticks to her . 
  teflon-merkel ... 
  well , he was properly trained as a us lapdog , he is doing everything right from his and his master 's perspective ... 
  `` britain has echoed the concerns of us tech groups that the legislation would create a conflict between american and european legislation '' well that is the effin point of the whole thing , to get those willing minions ( i am still considering the use of the term `` quisling '' for them , it would express my feeling of helplessness and betrayal but it is not an accurate description of their actions ) of the nsa in such deep trouble ( i still think 5 % as limit for fines is much too cheap for such an offence , make it a whole years worth of profit and shut their services down all over europe until they forked it over ) that they pressure the us government into changing their laws so that they stop treating the rest of the world as a subhuman race without any rights . 
  the only way to get a government like the us to do something is by corporate gunboat policy : threaten their corporations with so much shit that they have to send their gunboats ( aka lobbyists ) to washington to get the results normal people , elections or regular diplomacy would never get . 
  i copied and pasted the values directly from the vodafone speedtest site ( as the isp here is vodafone ) , so not sure . 
  but it should be megabits , because it works out if you convert it - downloads usually work with ~ 100 kilobytes/second . 
  if i 'm lucky . 
  a former colleague from romania told me that she was visiting her boyfriend who was at the time studying in germany and she was using the internet and thought it must be broken because it was so slow . 
  well turned out it was n't , that was the normal speed . 
  and it was quite fast for germany too . 
  for 10 years now there was n't any improvements in the town where my parents live . 
  0.9 mbps down , 0.1 mbps up - in germany this already qualifies as `` broadband '' , so they can boast in their statistics , how much of germany has broadband coverage . 
  i was in rural laos in a guest house that had internet 20 times faster than that . 
  quite embarrassing if the `` economic powerhouse of europe '' gets beaten by one of the least developed countries in the world when it comes to internet speeds . 
  public transport for one . 
  it 's pretty rubbish in big cities of western europe when compared to prague . 
  if you see your metro just leaving the platform in prague , you do n't care because the next one is going to be there in 2-3 minutes ( max . 
  10 minutes on the weekend ) . 
  if i see the u - or s-bahn just leaving the platform anywhere in germany , i 'll use some of my best swearwords because the next one will be in 20 minutes if i 'm lucky . 
  and if i have to change services , i might be looking at another 30 minutes waiting time . 
  my flatmate in prague had a girlfriend who lived somewhere way out in the outskirts of prague ( like `` take the metro to the terminus , change to a bus and then change to another bus to get there '' way out ) . 
  but there still was a bus every 10 minutes during the day . 
  i 'm staying at my parents place at the moment , which is in a similar location near a german city that is not as big as prague but still . 
  there is a bus once per hour that will take me to the train station and there are trains every 40 minutes .
