  which narrows down travel options pretty quick . 
  so you have to have a car otherwise you ca n't commute to work . 
  sorry , but colonies do n't provide `` security '' themselves , they get `` security '' from their colonial power . 
  otherwise the colonies could rise against their masters and nobody in the us government wants that . 
  first paragraph roughly translated : `` berlin - it 's a windfall for the cdu : the bmw shareholders johanna quandt and her children stefan quandt and susanne klatten have each donated 230,000 eur on 9/oct to the party . 
  the bundestag administration published the donation about a week later on their webiste . 
  the cdu party has confirmed the payments . '', 
  the 3 family members hold more than 45 % of the shares on bmw and have always been big contributors to the cdu , this is also mentioned in the article . 
  still , it leaves a very bad taste . 
  especially since german politicians still refuse to ratify the un convention against corruption because it would change the criminal code regarding bribing a member of parliament to make it stricter . 
  the only other european nation that also has n't ratified so is czech republic which was just hit by a huge corruption scandal . 
   there 's a pretty strong taboo in germany to emphasize war crimes committed against the german civilian population . 
  the fire-bombings of dresden and hamburg are not discussed , generally , in history class , and rarely in the media . 
  the problem is : no one wants to look neonazi , so they all avoid topics that have been `` taken over '' by the neonazis . 
  and they like to march in dresden on the anniversary of the the destruction for instance . 
  and no one likes to use the words the neonazis use . 
  they speak of `` allied bombing terror '' , no one in germany wants to say that , they all are like `` yeah they liberated us as well '' . 
  which is stupid in my opinion , because the allied air command wanted to terrorize the german civilian population , that was their main goal - a ) to take revenge for the battle for england and b ) in the hope that a terrorized and demoralized german population would want to surrender ( which of course did n't work out at all ) , that 's why they targeted working class suburbs especially and that 's why they had comparison bombings to see how to reach the most devastating effects ( it was explosive bombs first to take off the roofs of houses and incendiary bombs in the second waves that would then set fire to the wooden insides of the old houses ) . 
  it was called to `` hamburgize '' a city because they first used this method on hamburg . 
  do n't get me wrong , i will not ever deny that germans used the same methods ( on a smaller scale , but only because they did not have the resources ) - the cities of rotterdam which was bombed to the ground after the netherlands surrendered and warsaw are proof that germans also wanted to spread terror in the hearts of civilians - just look at the stuka , it had a device mounted between the wheels that was called `` jericho horn '' which made that terrible noise when the planes were dive bombing . 
  i am awfully glad ww2 is over , i 'm happy hitler and his followers were defeated , but i think we should now , almost 70 years after the end of the war come to terms with the fact that the allied forces were not white knights and we should acknowledge all the facts about the war . 
  and no longer put people on a pedestal for killing civilians for instance ( i 'm looking at you uk with your memorial of `` bomber harris '' ) . 
  another german one : `` jemandem geht der arsch auf grundeis '' literally : `` someone 's butt is hitting bottom ice '' actual : someone is scared shitless for english idioms i always liked `` shit hits the fan '' and `` up shit creek without a paddle '' just because the mental images those expressions cause :d, 
  `` zu doof , um nen eimer wasser umzutreten '' ( too stupid to kick over a bucket of water ) `` zu dumm , um ausm bus zu winken '' ( too dumb to sit on a bus an wave ), 
  for germany : when i was in school , there was a `` choice '' between french or latin for 2nd foreign language ( starting in grade 7 , english in grade 5 ) . 
  one school in the city you could have french as 1st foreign language in grade 5 , my school you could start latin in grade 5 ( both then started english in grade 6 ) , but that was usually just a few people . 
  and the 2nd foreign language basically being the choice between a dead language and french was quite common . 
  so , the map does n't surprise me in this part . 
  of course you gon na have everyone studying french , if you have to take 2 foreign languages and give students that kind of `` choice '' . 
  yeah but at first you 're not shitfaced , so you 're still watchful . 
  and by the time you 're shitfaced , the money 's gone and all you still have clutched in your fist while you 're crawling out of the place on all fours is the money for the cab ride home . 
  or the public transport ticket ... 
  german ones i use : stepstone.de and monster.de if you 're looking for jobs with languages , careerlingual.com might be an idea . 
  otherwise linkedin and just change the country in the search . 
  have you thought of doing a masters or something in europe ? 
  there are a lot of international ones where the language is english , so no problems at first with the local language . 
  and it would give a visa and time to look for jobs plus professors depending on the subject could have ties to companies and give you a leg up in the job search . 
  just as an idea ... 
  as said , / r/iwantout will defo have more infos on how to get here and stay here . 
  i do know there is a visa for germany that allows qualified people ( graduates and the like ) to enter the country for 6 months and look for work , so that would be an option . 
  you 'll get a work visa if you can score a job that pays well enough . 
  but if you do n't have a skill really in demand , you 'll have little luck of being hired if you do n't speak german . 
  but as mentioned ( in a very nice version of the `` ex-pat rant '' ) - yep , you 're in for a different culture , that will inevitably come as a shock , there 's no doubt about it . 
  just try to do your grocery shopping for the whole weekend on saturday . 
  and check wikipedia for public holidays in the country you go to , so you do n't starve . 
  check job websites for the country you think of heading to . 
  do n't bring your car . 
  learn to drive stick if you do n't know already , cause most cars here are n't automatic . 
  surprise blitzkrieg !, 
  i had to smile when i read this sentence :  the most popular choice by far was german , with 52 per cent of fifth-graders currently enrolled in a german course , followed by french at 14per cent . 
  given the history with germany , it is not free of some irony . 
  but then again , i 've read ( and saw historic photos ) that the german troops in ww2 were at first greeted with flowers and smiles when advancing through belarus , ukraine etc. 
  because they were seen as liberators . 
  if they would have lived up to those expectations , they would not have lost the war . 
  but then again , if they did not believe themselves superior , they would have never started the retarded war in the first place . 
  on a more brighter side : loads of hot ukrainian girls will be coming to germany to study !, 
  this is mainly prague , as i used to work there last year , do n't know that much about the countryside . 
  they do n't like people who do n't speak czech , especially on the metro ( had this one incident where some guy on the red line came up to us when we were approaching i.p.pawlova and even ran after us when we got off yelling `` shut up , shut up , everybody shut up ! '', 
  :d ) they ca n't really grasp the fact that foreigners actually work in their country , think everyone who does not speak czech is a tourist their language makes all the `` linguistic differences '' - memes with german look like angels tongue . 
   and it 's way to hard to learn czech with all the weird sounds ( \u0159 is just not something my tongue can form , which is bad because i could not even spell my metro station properly ^ ^ ) , difficult grammar forms , especially the endings ( i tried and gave up :d ) they like to `` czechify '' the spelling of their loan words , which brings really funny words like `` vikend '' , `` dzus '' , `` djem '' , `` fajnsmekr '' ( weekend , juice , jam , feinschmecker ) they are quite hard to get to know as friends , but once you put in the effort to really get to know them , they are really great people i really enjoyed working there and most of the negative remarks you 'll get from me are typical expat grumbling , 
  i 'm stayin at my parents place at the moment and i have 0.7 mbit down , 0.1 up . 
  i 'm lucky , 2 years ago it was only 0.3 mbit down . 
  the isp charges 2mbit of course and their call centres sometimes call us to offer us a really special deal : they will charge us for 6mbit but not change the real speed , always a great laugh . 
  but that is internet speeds in rural germany for ya . 
  and it 's not really that remote , we 're talking 30km from a 350k inhabitants city here , so it 's the fringe of a big city . 
  well , he is trying to make an honest woman out of her ... 
  i think ... :d, 
   she 's probably the most sympatic woman germany has to offer . 
  as a german , this makes me very , very sad . 
  that 's not different from hollywood either . 
  they also love to take books ( or foreign movies ) and use the material . 
  downfall , das boot , baader meinhof complex , das parfum , crazy , herr lehmann - all books made into movies . 
  thank god it 's not that depressing . 
  but sadly there is a good chance that if something `` new '' comes up on german telly it 's something they invented elsewhere . 
  and 5 years after the private tv stations copied it , the public tv stations will copy it , because they are really slow and boring . 
  they still want the money for a tv license ( i think they get twice as much as the bbc but have nothing to show for it ) . 
  as for films ( on top of the ones mentioned by others ) run lola run , crazy , die fetten jahre sind vorbei ( english title : the educators ) , herr lehmann , knocking on heaven 's door , lammbock , anatomy 1 & 2 , what to do in case of fire ? 
  depending on what subjects you like , there should be something in there to watch , 
   i am sure german comedies and dramas is just as interesting but i do n't understand them so wo n't watch them . 
  nope :( everyone who is absolutely uncreative and has never had an original idea is forced to work for german tv stations . 
  if on top of this they also are mortally afraid of even taking the slightest risk , they get put into managerial positions . 
  so our tv stations wait for an idea being successful in at least 15 countries before it gets copied badly in germany . 
  or they wait for the 13th season of a show to run in the us to see if it 's actually successful , then they 'll poorly dub it and run it on ever changing time slots and if the ratings go down , they put it onto a worse timeslot to improve the ratings . 
  if against all odds a show or a tv series gets good ratings , everyone congratulates themselves for being so good at sniffing out the newest trends . 
  if not their backs are covered because it must 've been the odd german audience , because it was ever so successful everywhere else . 
  - so forget about german telly , public or private . 
  there are quite a few good movies coming from germany though , because the public funding tends to be surprisingly eager to take risks when giving money to moviemakers with original ideas . 
  they start with `` the best engineers '' and then they talk about siemens ... 
  reminds me of the old joke from my engineering friends about buying components : `` does it have to work or can we buy something from siemens ? '', 
  i 'm no fan of cducsufdpspdgr\u00fcne at all . 
  but some of those people actually were trying to do something . 
  merkel has perfected the `` aussitzen '' of helmut kohl and she sticks to it for a sole reason : to stay in power . 
  she has no agenda , no plan , no nothing . 
  just form the triangle of apathy with her thumbs and index fingers and do n't get involved . 
  that 's bad in normal times already . 
  but in times when germany whether it likes it or not has to lead , has to set examples and has to act in europe , to preserve the union , the currency and the whole european model - it is nearly suicidal . 
   but guess what , doing that while being the reason the goverment ca n't work , because you stop anything the goverment is trying to do in the bundesrat is simply shameful and completly unbecoming of a political exchange between adults . 
  well , tell that to your pals at cdu and fdp , they did the same thing last time the roles were reversed . 
  lebenspartnerschaftsgesetz as a fine example - they had to cut out the taxation part because the cdu governed l\u00e4nders were blocking it in the bundesrat . 
  that 's why the taxation part only recently had to be made into law when karlsruhe forced them to .
