  i 'm pretty sure there 'd be loads of people willing to trade the risk of spending 4 years on the inside for 200,000 eur - just do the maths yourself - even in worst case ( getting locked up ) the person is better off financially than if he had n't committed the crime . 
  and that 's the problem with fines for crimes that companies can commit . 
  the risk is well worth taking , especially if you 're a big corporation with loads of revenue - not so much if you 're a small business or self employed , then those fines are pretty bad . 
  so in a way we have exempt all private corporations from any criminal charges and they use it because it is just business to them . 
  no , not in our current constitution . 
  this is one of the lessons of the failure of the weimar republic . 
  the constitution from 1919 put the role of the president as a `` replacement monarch '' who could temporarily abolish basic rights , disband parliament without reason and could `` pass '' a thing called `` pr\u00e4sidialverordnung '' which is a temporary presidential decree law . 
  in theory parliament could overturn those decrees but then again if it did , it would just be disbanded . 
  which turned to be fatal for the young democracy when hindenburg was elected and he and his circle of revisionist conservatives tried to do a scheme to get the monarchy back that ended in hitler being made chancellor by them . 
  german governments usually either pass unpopular laws during football world cup / euro cup or they just set the `` debate '' to be at 10pm or midnight and all speeches are `` entered in the minutes '' only , meaning those speeches are not given but just printed and dropped off at the bundestag administration office by an aide . 
  that 's how they passed a highly controversial law ( new version of the law that requires you to register your place of residence with the council that now allows councils to sell that data to be used for advertising without you having a proper right to disagree ) in the record time of * 57 seconds * last summer . 
  so yes , germany has a worrying tendency of doing so as well . 
  well , german 's got about the same amount as well i think . 
  a lot will have something to do with `` full '' / `` crowded '' as `` voll '' in german also means really drunk ( i think it 's the same in swedish ) . 
  so `` ich bin voll wie 'n kino '' ( `` i 'm full like a cinema '' ) for instance . 
  or `` voll wie 'n eimer '' ( full like a bucket ) a selection of other words : besoffen betrunken beschwipst blau angeschlagen ( tarnished ) ( hacke ) dicht ( latten ) stramm alle lampen an haben ( all lights turned on ) im dunkeln leuchten ( glowing in the dark ) einen sitzen haben einen im tee haben voll wie 10 russen ( pissed as 10 russians ) gut behefet ( well yeasted up ) kn\u00fclle, 
  god , this is pointless . 
  you 're citing a legal document with a legal definition of a crime and then have the chutzpah to tell a jurist that he is not qualified to judge about said legal matters . 
  nothing else to do here . 
   i do apologise for tricking you , but since you 're so obviously a layman i felt it was needed to get to the crux of the matter . 
  thank you for the insult . 
  just because i am a bit rusty does not mean i am a layman . 
  i have n't worked with criminal law in a few years , have never gone in-depth about international criminal law and i usually argue legally only in my native german , so in a lingua franca that is not as complex as my own it is sometimes different to actually bring the intended message across , just as if you 're used to fence with a rapier that has a very small point and now i have to use a mace instead - a lot harder to only hit the small area you intended to - still i am a lawyer , so anything but a layman . 
  just because i come in from a different angle than you does not mean i am not qualified to talk about the subject . 
  indeed , since you are probably someone who `` only '' studied history , not law - i could argue that you are a layman because you are talking about legal terms like intent without legal knowledge , hence your fault of `` sachverhaltsquetsche '' or squeezing the facts . 
  so let 's accept that we view this from different academic disciplines and leave the insults out , shall we ? 
   the intentions of separate groups or individuals acting under a regime which is committing genocide are irrelevant . 
  that is not how law works , unless you are the nazis ( `` sippenhaft '' comes to mind ) . 
  every individual is accountable for itself and has to have all points of a crime `` to its name '' , either by having done themselves or via imputation but that is the most difficult for the mens rea ( in this case the general intent necessary for any crime and the special intent to destroy ) as these are internal in a person . 
  as i would be repeating myself , see my previous post for the legal argument on how i see the mens rea of genocide fulfilled . 
  i know that my legal opinion on mens rea is not the ruling opinion in german jurisprudence ( german high court does take a different opinion if i remember correctly ) but that 's not my problem , ruling opinion changes all the time , that 's the essence of a living argument . 
   no , it is n't . 
  the goal was n't to profit from jews , that was just a convenient way to get rid of them . 
  you are trying to change the facts so that they fit into your interpretation of the definition . 
  we are talking about an industrialized process with loads of people and companies involved . 
  you 're telling me all of them had only one goal , to get rid of the jews ? 
  dresdner bank wanted to get rid of jews , so they lend the nazis the money to build concentration camps ? 
  allianz insurance wanted nothing more than to get rid of jews , so they insured said concentration camps ? 
  or let 's talk about `` arisierung '' of businesses . 
  someone who buys a business from his former boss or from a competitor for dirt cheap ( which that one is forced to `` sell '' because the government thugs will otherwise just take or torch it ) has only the goal of destroying the religious group this former boss or competitor belongs to ? 
  sorry that is just completely unrealistic . 
  all those people or companies had as main goal completely other things than destroying a religious group . 
  still we both agree that they took part in a genocide . 
  the difference is : you just claim that their goal was not profit/business but the destruction of the jews instead . 
  in my profession we call that `` squeezing the facts '' and it does n't work . 
  i argue differently . 
   and , of course , the un defined genocide as follows : yeah , so does my government - [ \u00a7 6 vstgb ] ( http://www.gesetze-im-internet.de/vstgb/__6.html ) but as it is a legal code it is open to legal interpretation . 
  there are multiple legal ways to define * intent * for instance . 
  usually they involve the knowledge part and the will part , you have to have the knowledge that something is going to happen if you do something and you have to have the will to make that happen what is going to happen if you do something . 
  and you have to decide which of those 2 is more important . 
  i say it is the knowledge part because the will element might focus on a different result and suddenly you have trouble proving intent because the will element you need is only a tiny part of a big bundle of motivations . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** * i say intent in case of genocide is already given if you know that your actions will ( partly ) destroy a national , ethnical , racial or religious group even if your will is ( only ) on making a lot of money , as long as you willingly accept that the destruction of said group will happen . 
  * that 's why i say that the ig farben executive who 's main goal was not the destruction of a religious group but a high bonus for achieving a lot of production via forced labour but who knew that heaps of people will die from his actions was part of a genocide as well as the rubber merchant in congo who realized that killing whole villages if the forced labour quotas were not fulfilled meant the partial destruction of a ethnical group but did not want to destroy them mainly but took it as necessary to achieve a high revenue . 
  the scale and the way of genocide was different ( that is the reason the holocaust is special , because it was actually a whole genocide industry and that is the monstrous thing about it ) but in effect it is both genocide . 
  at least in my interpretation of the legal term * intent * in the un definition of genocide . 
   so , also feel free to tell the un how wrong they are . 
  i am pretty sure people have already done so , but that is neither here nor there at the moment . 
   you agree with him that it 's just the years under hitler were bad and that it 's ok if you commit genocide against black people ? 
  i 've been arguing that leopold ii . 
  's congo thing was genocide against the opinion that it was just mass murder for profit and you actually ask me that question ?? 
  seriously ? 
   are you a historical revisionist ? 
  nope , just not familiar with all the details of all the history of all european countries , so for some things i was just skipping over the wikipedia article . 
  so the point of letting him go on for a decade was bs and i 'll retract that , sorry for that statement . 
  but the point stands that after it became known nothing happened except damage control . 
  the king got away with mass murder and nothing happened other than he had to sell his colony to the state which was not a biggie for him because at that time it was becoming clear that the place was not profitable any more as other countries were producing rubber for cheaper . 
  do n't get me wrong , i 'm not holding that specifically against belgium , that was a problem with the system . 
  i 'm just appalled that monarchs in europe had to abdicate for wanting to marry the `` wrong '' person but mass murder was not something that cost you the throne . 
  at least not if it were not europeans ... 
   oh , so actually belgium ( ... ) moved in to stop our mad king . 
  a country that stopped its own head of state from one of his adventures after giving him money first and then letting him play for over a decade , killing 10 million people in the process , finally buying the place from him ( after it had become unprofitable , so that it was no loss to the king ! ), 
  without any further sanctions . 
  that 's not really an achievement which deserves praise , it 's more of an attempt of damage control . 
  had the belgians deposed and imprisoned the guy , that would 've been something else . 
  but your first point is true it was not `` the belgians '' that did it , they just stood idly by as it happened and only intervened when it became to big too ignore . 
  which is a similarity for almost any genocide , war crime or any other big crime or injustice in history and present for that matter . 
  everyone ever just stands idly by until things become to big to ignore any longer ... : /, 
  mass-murder for profit is not genocide ? 
  so the jews gassed in auschwitz are genocide victims ( as long as they were poor ) but the jews worked to death for ig farben and all the other german companies or the rich jews that got their property stolen were not . 
  that 's the result of your definition . 
  because you can bet your ass on the fact that a lot of people made a killing ( sorry for the pun ) with the holocaust industry . 
  and i am also pretty sure that most of those people had no will to destroy the jews as a whole or anything , they wanted to make a lot of money . 
  and your definition also means that i can commit mass-murder and kill half of an ethnic group , as long as i just want profit because i know they are rich , it 's not genocide . 
  but if i proclaim loudly that i want to kill said ethnic group because they are rich and that i want to make profit , that 's genocide . 
  even though the effect is the same . 
  to sum it up : your definition of genocide is far too narrow as you place too much stress on the intent to destroy whole or parts of an ethnic group . 
  just because the main motivation for mass murder committed against an ethnic group is greed does not mean that the general intent to destroy said ethnic group is not included in the context . 
  especially when talking about colonialism . 
  it can not exist without the intent to not just rule but `` educate '' the `` savage '' and `` underdeveloped '' nations/ethnic groups , to `` root out '' their `` wild '' and `` uncivilized '' ways and bring them `` the light of civilization '' . 
  wanting to make a profit and wanting to tell other people what to do go hand in hand in colonialism . 
  it 's not just the gold that brings the spanish to the americas , it was the fact that there were `` heathens '' to convert . 
  or with the british , the dutch , the belgians , the french , the germans , the japanese and all their colonies in africa , east asia , america , australia , china . 
  they go there to make money . 
  but they also go there because they say that the native culture , the native society is wrong , is unworthy and savage , that the gods those people worship are wrong , that they ( the colonial powers ) are superior and are elected ( by god ) to rule the savages and that they need to use force to bring those to the light of civilization for their own good . 
  so i say that the intent on destroying an ethnic group is always embedded into any kind of colonialism . 
  all it needs is the mass murder to occur and we have genocide . 
  well , i 'd love to have the country of poets and thinkers back . 
  but then again , a lot of the bright minds of my country were either democrats or jewish , which meant they left the country if they were lucky or were killed if they were unlucky . 
  what about the serbs ? 
  srebrenica anyone ?
