as the end result in germany , yes . 
  but for different reasons , because it is different courts of different organisations with different legal bases . 
  people get them mixed up easily enough , so it is quite important to clear up what court one is talking about . 
  i wish german media was better at explaining the difference . 
  but then again , they often claim that it was transport for berlin ( bvg ) instead of our constitutional court ( bverfg ) that overturned a law , so if they ca n't even name national courts correctly , how would they know international and supranational courts ... , 
  i think you 're mixing up the court of justice of the european union , eu law and solange 1 & solange 2 with the mentioned european court of human rights . 
  for germany : * darmstadt - colon city * wixhausen - jack off village ( a suburb of darmstadt ) * linsengericht - lentil meal * essen - food * fickm\u00fchle - fuck mill, 
  that kind of stupidity also helped the ` no ' vote up here . 
  i have a spanish co-worker who voted against independence because she did not want to be forced to leave the country . 
  we were trying to ask her who should force her and she said : `` the scottish government because they will no longer be in the eu . '', 
  i did n't join the discussion but 3 other colleagues ( 2 of them voted ` no ' themselves ) tried to convince her that her argument made absolutely no sense - to no avail . 
  i read most of her books when growing up and also most of the films and tv series were shown on tv . 
  do n't know about right now . 
   city wall of visby     a wall they started building in the 12th century . 
  i think it was built to protect the main city of the swedish island gotland . 
  one look and i had the [ pippi longstockings intro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6aoeuyjo58 ) in my head . 
  the good ol' 22 line in prague . 
  always brought me from ruska to i.p.pavlova and back . 
  also great for sightseeing if the weather is bad or you ca n't walk . 
  basically take the 22 between namesti miru and pohorelec and you have quite the scenic ride ( sit on the right side in this direction or on the left side if you are travelling towards namesti miru for getting the view of charles bridge and prague castle ), 
  that 's not really small . 
  look at the list of the buses , bratislava has less than 500,000 people , copenhagen about 600,000 people , helsinki just over 600,000 people , ljubljana less than 300,000 people . 
  luxembourg city only 100,000 people . 
  but yeah , the frequency of the stops is different . 
  i 'd rather have less stops to be honest , i 'm continental through and through :d, 
  funny how the buses in dublin are the same as in edinburgh when it comes to having virtually no fricking doors . 
  everywhere else in europe even the small buses have 3 doors . 
  what 's it with the islands only wanting one door ? 
  you can say thank you to the driver while you exit one of the back doors , believe me , bus passengers in australia do it all the time . 
  so why do they want everyone to parade past the driver together with bus stops at every bench , rubbish bin , pub , street lamp and corner make bus travelling as slow as possible ? 
  there 's no need for a tall man-made structure if you have [ mountains ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_highest_mountains_of_switzerland ) , i guess ... 
  happened in berlin as well . 
  18year old guys felt pretty brave threatening jewish kindergarden kids at the entrance of the kindergarden `` because israel is evil ! '', 
  there was some military campaign from israel against ... 
  i forgot ... at the point and those retards felt like they needed to defend their `` honour '' or whatever by bullying small kids . 
  as a german i will have a nice cold svijany , preferably the dark ones , but that 's personal preference and agree with you . 
  sorry , you have too much traffic on your roads , we had to use the countryside instead . 
  which obviously was the destruction of germany in the 1800s . 
  i mean , people freely moving from the kingdom of bavaria where there is no work , only forests to the rich kingdom of baden . 
  preposterous !, 
  no one has ever heard of such things !, 
  ending the free movement of people , pulling up the borders again everywhere , stopping stuff like erasmus - that is the destruction of the european idea period . 
  yeah , i 'm so brainwashed , that i do n't want the `` saviours '' rule my country again . 
  last time they `` saved '' europe , it was in ruins afterwards . 
  on a slice of dark bread i would call that the best case scenario . 
  maybe a gherkin on top to give it an even better taste , 
  at 1:34 the transparent is funny . 
  `` putin-understanders despise european values . 
  why are they here and not in russia ? '', 
  i do moan on a very high level , compared to other developing countries , that is true . 
  but since i am paying through the nose for that `` service '' , i do have the right to moan . 
  it costs ~ 240 eur a month to commute by train ( + petrol to get to the train station + parking fees ) it is actually nearly the same price as going by car , the only difference is the parking fees in frankfurt are higher . 
  in other countries the price for public transport is significantly lower . 
  the same pass would only cost 140 eur in melbourne as an example and australia has a higher average income than germany and the cost of living in general is higher . 
  in prague , it is ~ 18 eur per month for a monthly pass , which comes to about 2 % of the national average gross wage . 
  to put it into perspective , i am paying 7 % of the german national average gross wage , more than 3 times as much in relative terms . 
  and the service is n't even half as good . 
  and you ca n't play the `` oh it is a highly complex system '' excuse here . 
  the failure in public transport in germany is systemic . 
  the reason why my intercity train is always delayed is because the schedule is done by some company in switzerland who either do n't know or do n't care that they are using long distance rolling stock for commuter trains . 
  because in lack of proper commuter trains , that 's just what those trains are in my area . 
  so every morning it is standing room only in the narrow hallways of those cars . 
  and of course those single doors are n't really made for so many passengers alighting or boarding the trains , that 's where the delay comes from . 
  and it 's not like that happened over night , nope this problem has existed for years , but no one cares for a solution . 
  also you can not say `` it is a highly complex system '' if deutsche bahn just does n't invest in infrastructure because the political will in germany is that they should create as much revenue as possible to give to the owner ( the german government ) , so that they can patch their budget . 
  there are bridges in the german railway system that are 100 years old , the rolling stock is old as hell , every day i see those yellow `` door not in use '' stickers on at least one car of each train . 
  that 's great for you . 
  but from my experience it looks like you were just incredibly lucky with deutsche bahn . 
  let me tell you about commuting with deutsche bahn , meaning taking 4 different trains operated by deutsche bahn each day 5 days a week : last monday i arrived at the train station and the intercity train i take to work because there is no real alternative ( there is a `` regionalbahn '' every hour which stops at stations that sometimes are only 2km 's apart , which means it takes 2 times the time ) was n't running . 
  the regionalbahn which should have left 5 min before i arrived was announced to be 20 minutes late . 
  which meant i had to take the car because otherwise i would have been at least 30 minutes late for work . 
  this is the 6th time an intercity train ( either to frankfurt or back ) was not running in the one month i 've been commuting . 
  if the intercity * is * running , the one in the morning is usually 5 minutes late once it a. 
  1-2 a week it 's 10 minutes late . 
  i think once in the month in question it was on time . 
  if i take the intercity back at 6.20 pm , it is always on time . 
  which is no miracle since it starts in frankfurt . 
  but god forbid , i 'd knock off an hour early to be home a bit earlier , i 've done that each friday so far and without fail each friday the 5.20 pm intercity runs late . 
  30 minutes last friday . 
  then we get to the s-bahn . 
  which is run by deutsche bahn . 
  i 'm not talking about the total train wreck ( pardon the pun ) they did with the berlin s-bahn , i 'm talking about the frankfurt one . 
  in the middle of peak hours at frankfurt main train station ( lower levels ) there are sometimes 10 minute gaps between trains on my platform . 
  there are 3 lines running my direction ( goes towards the fair ) and on the busiest station in frankfurt at the busiest time and sometimes ( especially when there 's a fair on ) they ca n't get proper schedules , all i hear each morning is `` information on s3-4-5 to wherever , departure some time 5 minutes past , today delayed by about 5 minutes '' ( which usually turns out to be more close to 7 or 8 minutes ) . 
  while i was on a working holiday in australia , i had ( among others ) a part time job for the department of transport of victoria as a public transport surveyor . 
  i spent lots of shifts counting passengers on the melbourne public transport . 
  additionally we always had to note down the actual arrival time of each train . 
  and i can tell you , they were on time a lot more than in germany . 
  also the price for a public transport pass ( in a country as expensive as australia ) was about half of what you have to pay here . 
  if germany with the amateurs at deutsche bahn have the best transport in europe , what is going on in the other countries ? 
  maybe it 's just the germans have n't really seen how it works in countries with proper public transport ? 
  at the moment i am commuting to frankfurt for my new job , which is an absolute nightmare , deutsche bahn ( who runs the s-bahn in frankfurt ) is shitty as hell and the price is astronomical for the service you get . 
  my last job was in prague in czech republic . 
  i really miss their public transport , which was cheap , efficient and ran like clockwork , you could set your watch to the metro trains . 
  also the passengers in prague know public transport etiquette , they let people get off the train before boarding , do n't stand in doorways or block escalators - germans are to stupid to do all that apparently . 
  in my opinion ( and to rephrase a well known catch phrase ) : germany can not into public transport . 
  everyone who 's above the threshold pays `` soli '' . 
  does n't matter if they 're from west or east . 
  and contrary to popular belief it is a tax without a special purpose , so it is * not * used specifically for the east . 
  it might have been in the past , but it 's not any more .
