  nope , i think we 're the most pro-eu country in the union , we use the euro and we do n't have any parties that advocate for it . 
   glad we dodged that bullet . 
  i sit here on my coach with my dog , macbook pro and a cup of tea . 
  were we * really * in danger of anything ? 
   because quotas was an absolutely terrible idea best idea anyone has put forward . 
   because they are poor . 
  africas population is expected to double by 2050 you are right , africa is poorer than europe , and their population is set to double . 
  the reason the population is growing is because standards of living are improving , they are n't having more kids ( they 're having less than they were 30-50 years ago ) they just are n't dying at the age of 30 anymore . 
  2.4 billion is a pretty reasonable population for the largest continent . 
  believing that these 2.4 billion will want to get into europe is ignoring the reason why there is predicted to be 2.4 billion in africa by 2050 . 
  also europe will not be safe haven from the effects of climate change , it fucks us all , that 's why it 's scary . 
   dear germans , you ca n't save the whole world . 
  in fairness , i think germany was a big advocate for a comprehensive eu-wide solution that kept getting blocked by leaders of other countries . 
  this . 
  i really wan na teach my kids one day about the weird history of the third autonomous spanish city that for * some reason * speaks english . 
  i think he 's looking for a group of people ( political or activist ) who are working to present the alternative view of a prosperous integrated europe/eu against those who advocate for it 's failure . 
  it 's probably not on any skills shortages scheme but you might find large european companies that sell or operate within the states looking for people with american legal experience to advise them on operating in the states . 
  you probably might need to be quite senior in your experience though . 
  yes , and once the technology is more widely accepted by the public at large i suspect the eu will push standardisation and the such . 
  it 's cross-border , futuristic and requires decent consumer protection to work well so deffo their wheelhouse . 
  that being said , assuming they are electric i want eu countries to be using more green energy as part of the power grid before all 500 million of us move to electric cars . 
  cars powered by electricity generated by coal is hardly better than petrol . 
  you are looking to post in the individual country subs right ? 
  i think that 's where you 'll get the most traction . 
  not against it , i do n't mind the veto but i think 6 meps is a bit much for a microstate . 
  3 meps maybe ? 
  yeah should 've said i meant the ones that border russia and are n't eu + nato . 
  so ukraine , belarus , and georgia . 
  also armenia is probably a nation russia is keeping tabs on . 
  the uk is a centralised nation , which is why the problems with westminster ruling over scotland , ni and wales occur . 
  it 's nothing like a federation . 
   next to no representation or political weight for my people in a federated parliament/senate compared to the larger nations . 
  again that 's not how federations work , usually a federal senate give equal representation to all members regardless of size/population . 
  like in the usa where every state gets two senators . 
   we 're already ahead of eu rules on several things that other countries still do n't live up to . 
  keep in mind the eu almost never rules on social laws , so abortion and gay marriage are just considered not the eu 's jurisdiction . 
  from the irish perspective ( north-west europe but historically poor , so kinda middle ground on standards ) the eu set 's minimums . 
  i 've never seen standards fall because of the eu they just set hard floors so no national parliaments fall too far from grace if they do try to lower standards . 
  i 'm assuming this is to prevent races to the bottom . 
  depends what mean by europe . 
  eu probably not , nato probably not , russia-bordering european nations , yeah almost certainly . 
  pics or did n't happen joyce, 
  ahem . . allow me to introduce r/ireland 's [ top upvoted post from all time ] ( http://imgur.com/a/a232m ) warning nsfw image is involved, 
   is there any incentive in northern ireland to join the rest of ireland ? 
  yes , there are . 
  republicans in ni do have reasons other than emotional ones for wanting to join the republic . 
  ireland is richer per person than the uk and we have less income inequality , the uk has more money overall though and can afford to maintain ni more than the republic could though . 
  ni would have more say in a united ireland than it does in the uk , ni would have 20 % of the vote which is an improvement to their 2.7 % currently in the uk . 
  and then there is [ the train map ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=train+map+ireland&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewifvsayv5trahune1akhbb5bxaq_auicsgc&amp;biw=1440&amp;bih=722#imgrc=_ ) which kinda highlights what an independent country can do for itself . 
  i 'm not trying to be one sided , unionist 's have good arguments and a lot of the debate comes down to identity but you did ask for republican arguments . 
   especially in light of brexit ? 
  brexit damages the status quo for ni which was maintaining peace, 
  oh boy , i 'll answer as best i can  do they see themselves are irish , british or english ? 
  so english identity does n't exist there ( unless of course you 're english who moved there ) but british and irish are the two main competing identities , with northern irish being a third much less common one used by people who want to avoid the identity politics . 
  some people can identify as all of the above identities or just one . 
   are they catholic or protestant ? 
  some people are one , some people are the other . 
  2011 census says 40 % catholic and 45 % protestant * and * interestingly 13.9 % stating no religion or leaving the field blank ( which could be those people avoiding tribal politics again ) . 
  the religion is * basically * a shortcut to finding out someone 's political ideology though , catholics are more likely to be republicans and protestants are more likely to be unionist but of course that does not hold true 100 % of the time because that would be preposterous . 
   how different is their culture from the rest of ireland ? 
  as different as two neighbouring countries in europe can be , jump from kerry to belfast and things can look different but jump from donegal to derry and it 's barely noticeable . 
  the biggest difference between someone from the republic and someone from the north culturally is probably the political question of northern ireland 's future ( union vs republic ) . 
  that question shapes way more of the politics and daily life of someone from the north , more so than it ever will for someone in the republic . 
  woah woah woah , we in the 3rd world are pretty cool, 
   the give your women basic human rights they are lacking . 
  you 've figured me out , it 's i , taoiseach enda kenny , just on reddit again talking to someone selectively ignoring the death penalty is a breach of human rights as is work without pay even if you are a prison inmate . 
   canada , nzl and australia have over 60 million residents combined and they have their own issues , too you are right about the issues ( but then again eu countries have issues too ) the thing that worries me the most is the [ us not signing up to or ratifying a handful of international accords ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_treaties_unsigned_or_unratified_by_the_united_states ) . 
  and yeah 60 million is a lot but individually they are not huge , nz is just smaller in population than ireland , australia sits just above romania in population but about 15 million less than poland and canada is 3 million less than poland . 
   it 's an invitation for large numbers of chinese and indonesians to immigrate into schengen . 
  is it though ? 
  i 'm assuming you are referring to illegal immigration that affects australia , but none of them have australian citizenship yet and by the time they got it why would they leave that hard-earned life behind . 
  brexit supporters in the uk tried to make the same argument for syrian refugees in germany which only made sense if you thought 1 . 
  all refugees got german citizenship/passports 2 . 
  germany is rubbish and if given the chance everyone is just dying to get into the uk . 
  i agree mostly with the top upvoted comment that free movement is something heavily associated with the economic integration of european countries and these kinda deals should be done in geographic clusters of nations with similar economies and kinda similar cultures . 
  i 'd personally celebrate free movement between australia & nz , japan & south korea and any other cluster of nations , i think it brings a lot of personal freedoms, 
  no , he 's kinda right . 
  in english those terms can be used to describe population . 
  it 's not technically correct but people very rarely say the correct word ; populous . 
  canada , new zealand and australia sure but the us is too large * and has issues . 
  * i obviously mean population, 
   it enshrines class difference in the uk 's constitution . 
  this . 
  i do n't think there is way to end the class system in the uk without the removal of the monarchy . 
  the constant reminder that you are born with power and wealth not that you earn it . 
  why would tony blair become president ? 
  well yeah , i was kinda saying that russia is so large and relatively culturally diverse that it could restructure itself into an eu type entity . 
  not that it ever would, 
  georgia probably has the best chance and drive for doing so , but it 's a long way away . 
  armenia is possible one day but again a long , long way away . 
  turkey and azerbaijan seem very unlikely and i ca n't imagine russia ever joining . 
  russia in itself could be a union of sorts . 
  scotland, 
  teacher or muinteoir ( irish for teacher ) , sometimes it was mr. last name / ms. last name, 
  that ok kid video is haunting, 
  ehhh , i would say it 's more tied to the success of the american and british economies , when they do well we do well . 
  we sometimes outpace them when that happens but when they are n't doing well we fall further behind . 
  potatopro.com , how is this a website ? 
  ireland :  do you trust your government with things like not violating your right to privacy ? 
  i think we were one of the only english speaking countries not involved in mass surveillance .
