  irish speaker , we 're at 1.1 million speakers so i 'll just see myself out ... 
  seriously though , lot 's of stuff is being created in irish which is good  do you get hollywood movies dubbed or subbed ? 
  subbed and only if they 're really big * or * super cheap to license . 
  some kids films are dubbed  what about books ? 
  harrypotter/hungergames/songofice & fire ? 
  oh yeah big time , i read the hobbit and harry potter series in irish . 
  original stuff yes like http://nos.ie/ and some youtube channels , but there is n't exactly a irish language buzzfeed or anything . 
  it was hard enough finding an autocorrect for my phone . 
   what languages do people fallback to if some content is not available in your language ? 
  english , very hard not to , tis kinda part of the problem . 
  to be honest i prefer viewing stuff made in english in english , i watch and read irish language stuff in irish . 
   how do you feel about future of the language ? 
  good , the desire and ease to learn it is growing , irish 's greatest challenge is that it 's working against english , a language people learn and find useful even when it 's not spoken in their country natively ( looking at you netherlands ) it can be a struggle but even against those odds the number of irish speakers are growing . 
  i think more people should focus on it as a conversational language , i feel like that is what 's lacking in the effort to revitalise the language . 
  such a thing does n't exist in ireland , my school was a facility , like my local post office , i had lots of friends there but i had more outside from other schools but ultimately you are there to learn everything else is a distraction . 
  there were matches against other schools but they were attended by and enjoyed by people who liked watching those kinda matches , not sure it mattered too much who played as long as it was a good match . 
   do anything to come together and celebrate your community ? 
  i guess this is where things differ between ireland and the states , you can attend any school that will have you/you wan na go to , private or public , unlike the states where your school is determined by your address . 
  my school chums did n't live near me , my town/community celebrated and came together on a number of occasions but not through schools . 
   i know sports are n't as important in europe as they are in the us i dunno where you get this from , europe and south america keep the sport of football going , the south of europe is gaga for basketball ( i think some professional american teams have croatian players ) , there 's the six nations with rugby and the handful sports that your country does n't play like cricket , hurling , kiiking etc etc, 
  language : irish moon : europa continent : an eoraip ( place names get the definite article ` an ' ), 
  look at scotland , getting notions about itself, 
  right after cromwell i 'm sure, 
  barry 's tea , i 've tried yorkshire , not impressed, 
   ( or barry 's if you 're a muck-drinkin ' savage ) you 've made an enemy for life, 
  never had a problem with the derry accent , but yeah [ the kerry accent is something else ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvet1-e3aji ) and sure i 'm from cork, 
   are hawaii and texas way more similar than new zealand and australia ? 
  not even close . 
  hawaii has a strong indigenous culture and identity and is the most recent state in the us , it is a bit of an odd one out . 
  but like most other us states , australia and new zealand were colonised by the same people group so the similarity is strong . 
  there are still differences such as treatment of their native people groups . 
  pretty sure we make these together , we get them in ireland with the rsa slapped on it instead of the doe this one always broke me when i was younger https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pu6oqvcb20o, 
  came here to post this , he 's great , i wish he was the labour leader, 
  well yeah i think we are getting into semantics and translation , when i say nation or country i think of spain , the uk , ireland , france etc etc. 
  and i know this gets ambiguous , people in the uk call scotland , england and wales countries and i think bavaria is referred to as a country as well . 
  what i mean by the above is that the fully independent and sovereign nation of catalonia does not exist , the autonomous region of catalonia exists within spain , and that the people who advocate for catalonian independence are not in the same political category as what most people in europe think of when you say ` nationalists ', 
  this , i do n't like when people lump catalan and scottish separatists with nationalists . 
  there is a difference between nationalists who have a nation and nationalists who do n't, 
  i 'm irish and living in scotland , as an irishman the uncertainty does n't affect me ( act of ireland ) * but * i 'm here with my wife for her education and when she 's done we 're jogging on . 
  there are eu elections every 5 years , the last ones were in 2014 and the next are 2019 . 
  there you vote for members of european parliament ( meps ) which like mps in the uk vote on laws on your behalf . 
  the national election of the uk is also not clinically separated from how the eu works , the ruling government of the uk decides who the uk sends to the eu commission and who they send to council meetings . 
  the eu is very democratic , if it is n't neither is the uk . 
  edit : [ here is a video that circulated in ireland , it 's mostly for an irish context but should be helpful ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bokctlzvoye ), 
  you can also make a political party and stand for european elections . 
  usually when deciding on my phone plan i can get unlimited texting , unlimited calls or unlimited internet ( i can get both or all but that 's too expensive ) . 
  i pick unlimited internet because it can do everything the other two can do , but the unlimited texts or calls does n't allow me to watch youtube videos on the bus so why bother ? 
  texting seems archaic to me , my granny texts , i use whatsapp for close family and friends and use fb messenger for the rest , since you do n't need people 's phone numbers for it . 
  if europeans on holiday 's in america ask americans to use whatsapp to communicate with them it 's probably because of roaming fees . 
  you can use whatsapp on wifi and it does n't cost anything while a text is probably stupidly expensive in a foreign country and again , if i was picking a roaming plan , do i want cheap calls , texts or internet , i 'll pick internet because i can message people with it and call uber 's check yelp reviews etc. 
  that kinda stuff is mad helpful in a city you 're not familiar with . 
  no , but the situation has changed and if people strongly believe in the uk it 's not really that hard to say no twice . 
  denying the vote will strengthen claims that westminster is unreasonable and after a while it starts to look like fear that the public might actually change their mind . 
  yeah , but people did n't know that boris johnson would lead the leave side or that leave had a chance of winning or that the vote would even happen , cameron had promised the referendum for a while and it did n't look like the conservatives were going to win in 2015 people were convinced it was gon na be a hung parliament . 
   tricky thing is how do you divvy up the uk ? 
  is it just wales , ni scotland and england ? 
  that 's note hugely democratic because england which is over 50 million , can be veto 'd in referendums by scotland and ni which have a combined population less than london . 
  that 's kinda the point though , the uk pays lip service to the fact that the four nations are culturally distinct , * ( a man who grows up the 80s in belfast is almost worlds apart from a man who grows up in the 80s in bristol ) * but the distinction does n't really exist on a uk political level . 
  either you have to accept that super majorities are required to win votes , and the four nations are all in this together or you set up situations where you alienate the smaller home nations . 
  also maintaining status quo because two home nations are not willing is pretty good , in a system where you need 50 % +1 vote ** and ** 3 or all home nations to agree also means that scotland and ni ca n't force their will on england . 
  57 % of england 's population could stop a vote that was 100 % in the other 3 nations . 
  i think people would go along as you pitched it as ` for the union '  if you chop the uk into federated regions that might be a start . 
  but that 's wholesale constitutional refurbishment , and politicians in power do n't really have any incentive to change a constitution that delivers them to office . 
  yeah , a formal constitution in the uk would be nice and i agree change is slow and there is a lack of political will , looking at scottish nationalists up here i see so many historical echoes of irish independence and it 's strange to me that even after 100 years the uk still has n't quite figured out a system that makes all nations feel included . 
  as for a regional breakup of england , i mean maybe , there are economic differences between the south and north that need to be addressed but i 'm not sure how many people in the uk would go along with that . 
  many in england would refuse the regional differences between themselves , accept maybe people in london and yorkshire and many in scotland would see the sudden increase of regions as just amplifying england 's voice which may not be distinct enough to bring diversity to politics but simply create a massive voting block ( which could happen depending who 's in charge of drawing the boundaries ) . 
  i 'd say you are finding negative stuff on it because of the english language , a lot of tabloids in the uk warned about as if it were happening tomorrow ( and they often describe a centralised state rather than a federation ) i 'm for it , but out of all my friends i only know one other person for it and the rest are kinda open to the idea , kinda . 
  advocacy groups exist that could but a more positive spin on it for you like http://www.towardsfederaleurope.eu/ and http://www.jef.eu/home/, 
  undemocratic is the wrong term but it is certainly problematic . 
  during indyref in scotland , the uk was described as a family of nations and many people i meet here ( i live in scotland ) would prefer a system similar to what switzerland has , when referenda are held not only do you need 50 % of the population to win you also need to win in more than half of the cantons ( swiss states ) . 
  while that seems unfair it does stop these kinda situations where you add fuel to the separatist fire and it does stop the will of the more populous regions being thrust upon the less populous regions . 
  this kinda system works great for when you have culturally distinct regions within one nation and for when one * state * has a population 5 times greater than the rest of the * states ' * population combined these kinda ` just get 50 % of the vote , ignore regional desires ' kinda votes work fine in centralised nations like france or ireland , but that 's not what the uk claims to be . 
  i get that the vote was uk wide and it was always gon na be a 50 % +1 to win vote , but that 's not really what people are complaining about , it just serves as a great example of how certain nations now have distinct political identities that are n't gelling well in the current relationship . 
  outta curiosity , is there an event that you can foresee ( however unlikely ) that would change your mind and make you want sweden to join the eurozone ? 
  yeah the largest non-irish group of people on benefits in ireland are the british . 
  i remember reading its because we pay out a higher dole . 
  that and a fair few of us have used to work elsewhere in the continent . 
  repeal the 8th , that would be the big one in ireland . 
  basically a substantial amount of people are calling for more liberalised abortion laws . 
  london for one is a huge metropolis that is very different from anything in ireland , it 's very different from the rest of the uk to be fair . 
  most of england ( that i 've seen , oxford , cambridge , newcastle , liverpool and the odd smattering of other places ) have the appearance of twilight zone ireland , everything is visually very similar to something found in ireland ( usually the georgian and more historically loyalist parts of dublin ) but the road signs are monolingual and the post boxes are red . 
  natural geography is very similar as well . 
  it 's down to attitudes really , people seem very stand offish and cold , no one behind a till ever talks to you , friendship is something that is hard earned and as i have heard other irish people put it `` in england , craic has to be planned . '', 
  the class system is very noticeable , the sheer amount of money that oxbridge has for itself and the notions it 's alumni have of themselves , how stratified supermarkets are ( waitrose , sainsbury 's , tesco all say something about your standing ) , how uppity everyone gets about the pronunciation of scone etc. 
  after all that i would say the main difference is how inward facing it all seems to me , the attitude i encountered is that the uk is great and you never even need to consider leaving , which is very different to ireland 's emigration culture . 
  i also rarely see it in politics as well , when the uk political conversation talks about a uk issue i never see anyone bring up `` well country x fixed that problem because they did y '' i now live in scotland and while the class system is still noticeable they are similarly extroverted and friendly like the irish and since the indy conversation arrived they do look outwards to norway , ireland and denmark for various reasons . 
  also due to scotland 's relationship with england they do n't really seem to have the same notions of being great and powerful . 
  the last thing would be the ouvert display of a historical culture which is present in both scotland and ireland ( nevermind how silmilar those cultures are ) while england seems to focus more on it 's modernity . 
  tldr ; the uk is twilight zone ireland , where everything is slightly off but things are slightly less off in scotland . 
  i think that was more to do with them being on the same side of politics ( centre-right ) if anyone centre-right gets in then i think we 'll see that pro-european efficiency return . 
  i would say specifically scotland , parts of england can feel worlds apart to me . 
  united emirates ? 
  we do , as do americans and canadians . 
  university or uni is a british thing and maybe australians and new zealanders say it as well . 
   they obviously have more than enough money for all of that , because they pay thousands of euros for traffickers the traffickers do n't give you the correct price up front , they are n't subject to consumer protection laws . 
  they 'll tell you it 's $ 100 to get to greece from syria , and then every compromising situation you land in they 'll get more money out of you . 
  turkish border , aegean sea , etc etc. 
   the quality of our meat , dairy and other produce . 
  it 's the thing i miss most , especially the milk . 
  so much this , everyone else 's milk is rubbish .
