  so on election day you get a ballot with 6 options on it , clinton , sanders , trump , cruz , rubio and kasich and you get to rank them from 1-6 . 
  you then count it as an instant run-off , counting only the 1s first , eliminate the loser and redistribute the 2s on those votes until you are left with only one left . 
  this would result in a candidate most people are at least okay with . 
  yeah , most people i know who came from other eu countries to ireland often speak highly of our milk and butter . 
  you do n't think about this until you are somewhere like korea buuuuuuuut sausage and cheese . 
  so many countries are cheeseless wastelands, 
  there was a plan https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scotland%27s_future i believe the full pdf is still on snp 's website, 
  waaaay too late to this party but the way brexiteers in the eu ref described the uk 's relationship with brussels actually more accurately described scotland 's relationship with westminster . 
  westminster has way more say in scottish affairs and scotland does n't have vetoes in uk affairs . 
  i often get the impression living here in edinburgh that many would like the uk to operate like a mini-eu with vetoes , joint-approval and largely control over themselves while pooling sovereignty for matters that effected all of them . 
  this is best illustrated by the referendums themselves . 
  scotland needs permission from westminster to have a ref on leaving the uk , the uk did not need permission from brussels to have a ref on leaving the eu . 
  the eu ref just highlighted the core reason for independence in the first place , scotland and ruk are now too politically distinct to function happily together . 
  they do n't vote brexit , they do n't vote ukip , they do n't vote tory , they do n't vote for bombing syria , they do n't vote for renewing nuclear weapons systems etc etc. 
  not sure if it 's an oddity as such buuut really like how swedish has a very sensible collection of words for your grandparents that instantly communicate which side the grandparent your talking about is from . 
  literally mommom , momdad , dadmom and daddad, 
  * laughs maniacally * seriously though it 's worth noting the distinction between the uk as a collection of people and the uk as a collection of institutions that govern the land . 
  the former is great , the latter is bollocks . 
  our longstanding roma/gypsy population are n't roma/gypsy . 
  they 're irish travellers , which is it 's own ethnicity . 
  also [ grabbers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uc4glnad5za ), 
  same for ireland . 
  r\u00e9nua were n't successful , identity ireland has alway been a joke and the nationalist party will also be considered a joke come next election . 
  by that point we 'll have several decoy white houses on mars and the moon yes, 
  if we 're gon na talk sci-fi utopian star trek future stuff then my reckoning would be that continental unions are the future . 
  the eurasian union , asean , saarc , usan , african union , caricom will all become more of a thing and after the idea of these unions become normal and maybe even after every country in the world is under one then we 'll start seeing unions merge . 
  it 'll be controversial and scary kinda like the idea of unions today but it 'll go ahead and younger generations will be happy with it . 
  that being said that 's pretty sci-fi and far in the future and a lot could happen in the next 20-100 years that makes the idea of this impossible . 
  that would 've been a benefit 20-40 years ago but most of europe is pretty much on board with this whole `` let 's use less fossil fuels '' thing so we 'd actively encourage the dismantling of one of russia 's primary exports . 
  these differences in ideology are already causing tensions with the gazprom pipelines . 
  turkey is way more likely but future populations are an issue . 
  2050 projections are that france will have 75 mil . 
  pop . 
  and germany 74 mil . 
  pop . 
  but turkey will be at 94 mil . 
  pop . 
  ( that will be it supposedly capped though ) so they would have a large amount of influence in the eu which i think people will be uncomfortable with . 
  russia is too populated and vast . 
  russia would probably sap all the development funds for years and years to come . 
  even if russia did liberalise it still has issues with regional inequality that should probably be addressed before anything else . 
  i would 've gone with that irish does n't have a word for yes or no, 
  your username made me chuckle , thank you, 
  gaijin is translatable , schadenfreude is n't ( not in english at least ) japan has plenty of words that ca n't be simply translated ( like their honourifics ) but gaijin just means foreigner . 
  what 's different is that japan has a different attitude to foreigners than european countries . 
  yeah , pretty sure gaijin means foreigner or outsider and can be used to describe a japanese person living in another country . 
  it 's only in the context of two japanese people talking to each other in japan does it mean everyone but japanese people , just like foreigner does in english . 
  edit : in language this is called pragmatics , how there is the literal meaning of a word and then how a word can change based on the speaker , the spoken to , the time of day , the location , the culture etc etc. 
  just remembered that and had to add it . 
  well from the perspective of fluent speakers there are massive flaws in what is taught ( fucking an caighde\u00e1n oifigi\u00fail , r\u00f3-d\u00far ) which is why i said  depends what you mean by fully functional but yeah , if you do n't use it , which chances are after school you wo n't , then you lose it . 
   irish dia dhuit !, 
  yeah there are native speakers of irish born after 1985 ( which seems to be the definition of millenial but distinct generations are kinda bullshit ) including myself . 
  people in the gaeltachts still have kids like and there is a growing interest in irish amongst younger people today . 
  also depends what you mean by fully functional . 
  i would argue that irish people 18 or under would probably fair better than those 18 or over if suddenly thrown into an irish speaking region . 
  learning irish is compulsory part of education but the issue for a long time is that it starts to fade from memory the longer you are out of school regardless of how good you were in school . 
  i was about to post pretty much the opposite of this comment . 
  this and then you have things like high kings and the such , where while ireland was separated into distinct lands there was some semblance of island-wide common law and rule . 
  very confederal . 
  i think having two members on the sc at all times is good going for the smallest continent . 
  but yeah i disagree with a permanent security council , too many russia v us cold war hangup stalemates . 
  grandparents generation : unite ireland !, 
  parents generation : maybe we should just calm dow . . my generation : ** unite ireland !, 
  it 's interesting , i do n't think he 's an actual threat to the eu but i often wonder if his open hatred towards it will make more people here in europe care about it and engage with it , since he is not liked here . 
  nope , mainly because of single transferrable vote makes for a pretty system . 
  i do n't like the main two big parties in ireland but at least with stv i can vote for everyone but them . 
  the numbers have stayed the same 45-55 excluding do n't knows * but * i 've seen press and people push this as the narrative that scotland is determined to stay in the uk and mind 's are n't changing . 
  the last poll i saw with the result of 45-55 , 13 % had changed their mind since the 2014 referendum . 
  indy voters would now vote for union and vice versa . 
  it 's also worth noting that when campaigning started for the 2014 indyref only 30 % of scotland wanted independence . 
  in short people in scotland are still debating the issue and a good chunk of people are open to changing their minds . 
  basically a campaign could change a lot . 
  sure , but that 's having a problem with violence or abuse though not cultural appropriation . 
  shitty people who want to do harm will find any excuse , does n't mean cultural appropriation is n't an issue just means it does n't justify violence ( like most things if you ask me ), 
  sure was , but it was still academics who engaged with the claims of supposedly academic papers that discredited phrenology , not online commenters in echo chambers who do n't engage with the material . 
  social sciences and the humanities are still respected and trusted academic fields . 
  one 's a fact and the other is emotional bullshit . 
  not really , cultural appropriation is a part of cultural studies , an academic field . 
  there are peer-reviewed papers/studies discussing and researching the topic . 
  reddit has a great respect for science and promotes well-documented research over anecdotal personal experiences when it comes to climate change , nuclear power and gmos but when it comes to social sciences it 's all about what we reckon . 
  i get the impression no one really wants to actually look into what cultural appropriation is , they hear someone say it on the internet and their barriers raise . 
  like the way you explain that men and women should be equal in all regards and people agree with you but as soon as you say the word feminism some start throwing hissy fits . 
  there 's a wikipedia article if anyone wants to read it https://www.wikiwand.com/en/cultural_appropriation and it seems pretty fair . 
  basically the problems arise when a dominant culture adopts something from a minority group ** and ** fetishise it , parody it or distort the original meaning . 
  dominant cultures can adopt something from another culture and treat it with respect but that 's usually done over a long period of time and the dominant culture does n't even know where these cultural artefacts originally come from . 
  a great example of this is cowboy culture , an integral part of south western life and identity in the usa is pretty much all originally mexican . 
  this is however considered as something different from cultural appropriation https://www.wikiwand.com/en/trans-cultural_diffusion anyway this always did strike me as somewhat more of an american problem . 
  when you are a mixing pot immigrant culture but the dominant culture is showing a lack of respect for the other cultures present in the us it 's basically really shitty . 
  i want more juncker memes , this is but a taste, 
  yeah , he wears a flat cap in most his videos , which is too much . 
  ^ ^ i 'm ^ ^ partial ^ ^ to ^ ^ wearing ^ ^ a ^ ^ flat ^ ^ cap ^ ^ every ^ ^ so ^ ^ often ^ ^ but ^ ^ y' know, 
  i only know jacksepticeye but i ca n't stand him . 
  he 's hammed up his accent so much it 's hard on my ears . 
   about 30 % of the population is employed by the government . 
  i 've read that that number is inflated by jobs that would stay regardless of whether ni was in ireland or the uk , i.e. 
  that 30 % includes local police and local nurses , stuff that ni taxpayers pay for . 
  in the republic ? 
  yes . 
  i believe the german 's have a word for the feeling ... * schadenfreude * seriously though this will hurt economically but the national conversation around it has turned to the idea of reunification with ni ( however likely or unlikely that may be ) . 
  interesting times but we were and still are very vocal that this is a mistake .
