   we 're hopeful russia collapses and divides itself into smaller states , and finally leaves us the fuck alone . 
  i 've often thought about this , siberia probably has a lot to gain by breaking away and cozying up to china as a resource trading partner but putin has unified russia quite a bit , he 's unified it in such a way that is concerning to europeans but unified none the less . 
  maybe you could argue that russia could be a headless chicken once putin is gone . 
  i 'd also be worried about the consequences of that , like a more blatant cold war between china and the states and how crazy nationalistic the successor country would be after 20 years . 
  thanks for the interesting posts though, 
  adding [ mo ghile mear ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zxjvnunxhku ) to this list , the new version the ucd choir is very nice . 
    i 'm a white female and yet i get regular accusations of being a terrorist/terrorist sympathiser . 
   i 'm very curious . 
  are these accusations in response to political statements you 've made ? 
  context would be much appreciated . 
  that would be the flair , us irish have a history of terrorism and the ira are still responsible for the most terrorist deaths in europe afaik . 
  many have forgotten that and it 's not a massive issue nowadays but most irish seem to be aware that the language used in the media to describe muslims was used to describe the irish/catholics in the 70s/80s, 
  duolingo has a nice basic course and recently improved pronunciation on it ( it 's an ulster irish dialect which is weird for me but sure ) and then there is [ abair ] ( http://www.abair.tcd.ie/?lang=eng&amp;page=synthesis&amp;synth=gd&amp;view=listen&amp;speed=gn%c3%a1thluas&amp;pitch=1.0&amp;xpos=&amp;ypos=&amp;colors=default ) which is a speech synthesizer to help with pronunciation again . 
  [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiokuii7lx0 ) helps with reading irish and irish phonology , really straight-forward . 
  it accounts for dialectal differences , slightly . 
  there is [ this video series ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7nz--lpyc30&amp;list=pl9i640i_gnonkvsbb5ez4wnwilnxm0qpj ) from the 90s which is hilarious in it 's 90s-ness and also decently informative . 
  it is very ulster irish dialect . 
  there is / r/gaeilge which is a subreddit that will answer any questions you may have and once you have a decent grasp you can watch tg4 which is our irish language tv channel , [ no b\u00e9arla ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eyll-bbzzyk ) is a great series where a native irish speaker tries to function in ireland with only irish , it has subtitles and when he faces difficulty he speaks simpler sentences and a lot of people respond in broken irish so you 'll pick stuff up . 
  after that you are looking at books and depending where you are in the states ( boston , chicago , new york ) you can probably find a class/course and i know irish embassies and consulates run them in other countries . 
  irish and scots gaelic are mutually intelligible . 
  i speak irish and live in scotland , every bit of scots gaelic ( or g\u00e0idhlig as i call it ) i 've seen , i have understood . 
  that being said irish is far more widely spoken and has more resources for learning . 
  why not irish ? 
  i mean there are several good reasons but it 's an interesting and different language . 
  this and the 8th amendment is a hot topic issue at the mo, 
  ireland here : no we generally joke that polish women are gorgeous and thus we want more polish people here you 'll get some dicks that will say something shitty , but they probably treat everyone like shit so pay em no mind if you can . 
  you are right , and that is why the parliament laughed at him when he made the claim . 
  farage wants the worst deal possible for britain because his relevancy in politics ( and thus power ) is from whipping up anti-eu hatred , and many brits will probably blame the eu for all the negative effects of this whole ordeal , including a rise in food prices . 
  not hard at all , if you 're english just get used to slagging from irish people about 800 years etc etc. 
  but work should n't be an issue ( the only plus side from this mess for us is we might snatch up some business and experienced skilled workers ) as for the border , the real issue is a customs border , people will be let through but vans and trucks will all have to be stopped . 
  the border is not built for that as it runs through houses , farms , towns and countless roads of varying quality . 
  it 's non-enforceable . 
  scotland is more likely to leave and rejoin , any resident is allowed vote in the indy ref last time so probably will be the same again for any english/welsh/northern irish/eu citizens there . 
  any residents of scotland at the time of independence are entitled to scottish citizenship according to the white paper . 
  so that would be the quickest way i 'd say . 
  ireland ( the republic ) allows british people to live there and even vote and you can get citizenship after 5 years of living there . 
  maybe second quickest . 
  lots of startups that pop up in the uk get courted by enterprise ireland as is , we may have a decent stab at pharmaceutical and medical technology . 
   golden age ... ireland hahaha , srsly though , ireland does n't really have anything in its history where we were more relevant or prosperous than now . 
  benefit of that is that we do n't have reactionary nationalist movements that talk about making `` ireland great again '', 
  no but definitely a unified market , and france and the uk would n't exactly sit by as you threaten their closest allies . 
  also there are nothing to be gained by threatening to destroy your closest allies/trading partners . 
  nukes would n't come into question , but market force would . 
   canada is a lot bigger than you think - 30m people . 
  the uk is more than twice that , and the eu is way more than 10 times that . 
  also how to you measure assimilation ? 
  we also have nukes , and we are a larger market/economy, 
  we 'd respond in kind by blocking mississippi and west virginia natives then . 
  came here to write this . 
  in the current eu structure the nation states hold the most power , it 's pretty confederal . 
  fun anecdote , when i was a graphic design student i carried a lot of scalpels in my backpack for cutting posters down to size etc etc. 
  when visiting my sister in oxford i was flying to birmingham from dublin . 
  in dublin they caught a scalpel in my bag that i had completely forgotten about , they asked me about it and then confiscated it . 
  i was embarrassed but that was more than fair . 
  i went to oxford and had a wonderful time , beautiful city in the summer , pretty waterways and nice restaurants , it was good seeing my sister again . 
  on my way back in birmingham airport they pulled me aside after scanning my bag . 
  they found another scalpel i had forgotten about . 
  they asked me about it with a security guard present as another equally scary english man asked me about why i had scalpels , i explained i was a graphic design student and that bag had been with me for years and there was plenty of other nonsense in it that i had forgotten about like nice pens and mechanical pencils . 
  they confiscated it and unlike dublin airport they ran it through the scanner again . 
  that makes sense i thought but i was mildly surprised , mostly that they did n't do it in dublin . 
  they found another scalpel . 
  ran it through the scanner again . 
  found another scalpel . 
  they did this again and again finding 4 scalpels in total . 
  i was very embarrassed but they believed me and let me go to the terminal , eat at a restaurant , get on my flight and go home to dublin . 
  lessons learned , security standards vary wildly across europe and i should get a backpack i do n't use for college and only for holidays . 
  ca n't believe that the other irish lad did n't mention the cooly-named ** x case ** [ \\ ( attorney general v x \\ ) ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/attorney_general_v._x ) . 
  in ireland via our constitution abortion is banned unless the woman 's life is at risk , however this case established that thoughts of suicide counts as risk to life and also opened up the debate to whether risk to health should also be counted as grounds for an abortion . 
  it 's important today because ireland 's abortion debate is now being seen as our next big important topic ( after we legalised same-sex marriage ) . 
  a ` repeal the 8th ' protest is held in some form or another almost once a month on kildare street . 
  i do n't think the concern is passports , because free-movement on the islands will probably be maintained . 
  a customs border might be in order though and the roads in that region are not equipped for that at all . 
  to be fair , we got concessions in the lisbon treaty . 
  if we 're being pessimistic then i 'd say if they vote to leave the powers that be will just put them in the eea , which will address none of the leave voters concerns ( many of their concerns ca n't be addressed really ) but it would lessen the economic shit show that would be leaving . 
  yeah , we 'd be screwed . 
  we may gain some capital or businesses that take flight with a leave vote 's economic uncertainty but that would be a marginal gain compared to the issues caused by trade and the border . 
   but i do n't believe that england should be called britain because it does n't take up the whole of the british isles . 
  eh ... as someone who lives on these islands , i think you 've missed the point of contention some of us have with the term british . 
  britain is definitely a real thing it contains scotland , wales and england . 
  british is also the term for `` of the united kingdom '' such as the british prime minister . 
  there is an argument for calling dependant territories ` british ' as well , like jersey , guernsey , gibraltar , the falkland isles and the isle of man ( although some manx would argue back ) so in this sense british kinda defies geography . 
  many born and raised in northern ireland describe themselves as british , and that 's fine they were born in what is clearly the united kingdom and identity is fairly fluid in the north . 
  ireland and the irish people contest the term ` british isles ' because we are here too and we are not british . 
  this may be where you are getting this odd reluctance to use the term but regardless to how opposed someone in ireland is to the term ` british isles ' we all acknowledge that the island next door is britain , and we do n't call the uk ` england ' . 
  do n't worry about walls of text , but give a wall of text and get a wall of text :p  boris said that something like 3 % of the people on the eu board who vote on laws are actually from the uk i think by board he means the commission ? 
  i 'm guessing because there are 28 members and 100 / 28 = 3.57 % . 
  the issue i have with that is that its a disingenuous representation of how the commission works . 
  they operate with unanimity so there is n't really a vote share . 
  one member can halt everything if they want to . 
  commissioners are also given fields based on their expertise . 
  the [ british commissioner ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/commission/2014-2019/hill_en ) is in charge of financial stability , financial services , capital markets union and banking and finance , he drafts eu laws related in this topic ( which is good cause this stuff is usually what the uk is known to excel at when compared to other eu countries ) . 
  he is 100 % in charge of writing those laws but he does take input from directly elected meps who are on the from the [ budgetary control committee ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/committees/en/cont/home.html ) and the [ economic and monetary affairs committee ] ( http://www.europarl.europa.eu/committees/en/econ/home.html ) . 
  the uk also has about 10 % of the parliament which makes sense cause it 's also about 10 % of the eu population . 
   what happens if the eu make a decision that goes radically against out own interest . 
  what happens if several other countries such as germany and france do n't allow through things that are in our interest ? 
  eu ca n't really do that , the eu gets its powers from the member states and many laws require unanimity to pass . 
  everything that comes out of the eu and effects britain ( as well as all other member states ) was agreed upon by british politicians . 
  if other countries do n't agree with a british position then it is up to britain to convince them or reach a compromise ( diplomacy ) , or based upon looking at how the eu usually works you will get an exception , like for example why the uk does n't use the euro . 
  it may also be worth noting that sometimes if everyone disagrees with the british representative they may just be wrong . 
  david cameron opposed the democratically elected president of the commission back in 2014 , to me that was just a dick move .
