  what about in other areas of europe ? 
  yes , it usually alludes to british class divide , the one i see british people get the most passionate about is how to pronounce scone . 
  does it rhyme with bone , if it does you are a posh wanker . 
  does it rhyme with gone , if it does you are uncultured swine . 
  in ireland it 's always rhymes-with-bone because as a bilingual nation i think our version of english maintains rules and has less irregularities ( in this case the rule of ` the magic e ' ) . 
  rhymes-with-gone can be seen as posh in ireland because british people say it . 
  no one thinks that accents from other countries sound stupid or smart , i think that 's viewed as childish/bigoted . 
  we have regional accents in ireland , i could n't tell you which is the most liked only that both main accents from dublin are hated by the country as a whole . 
  [ here is a guide to some of the accents in ireland ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ee_n3g4orlk )  on the continent , can you determine someone 's home country by their english accent . 
  i 'm aware that a german speaker can tell whether someone learned german , but in switzerland , not in germany . 
  but can danish people tell that an english speaker is italian or french , not german ? 
  i think in ireland we would separate into roughly 4 groups . 
  we can tell if you come from a romance-language speaking country but ca n't tell which one ( greece probably gets lumped in here too ) , we can tell if you are from a germanic-language speaking country but ca n't tell which one and we can tell if you are from a slavic-language country but ca n't tell which one ( hungary would get lumped in here ) . 
  the fourth group is the nordic countries , which usually speak perfect english but have a slight american twang to it . 
  unless the irish person has a lot of experience with a particular nation they probably be able to place your accent into one of those four groups . 
   back to the gps - what would other europeans think of someone using gps directions settings in british or american english instead of the main language of the country ? 
  how might that be perceived ? 
  weird , gps/siri is set to the countries native language . 
  as for regional dialect languages , no company makes a hiberno-english voice for gps or any voice synthesizer . 
  it 'll usually be defaulted to british english but i remember reading somewhere that the irish population often preferred the australian english voice . 
  ca n't find the source for that though . 
  was about to say this , that show was stupid successful, 
  varies from country to country . 
  in ireland we had a mix of stuff coming from all over the world , mostly american cartoons though . 
  irish studios have worked with a lot of american studios in the past though ( the land before time and foster 's home for imaginary friends comes to mind ) and a surprising amount of stuff that i though was american was actually french or french and canadian ( totally spies and redwall ) . 
  the uk has a huge media machine that makes a lot of stuff for themselves , we got some of that here like wallace and gromit and dangermouse . 
  then you had some pan-european productions when i was young like the animals of farthing wood which was epic and dark at times ( very typical of european cartoons ) . 
  if you are curious about the classy stuff both the c\u00e9sar film awards and berlin film awards have an animation category . 
  [ song of the sea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/song_of_the_sea_\\ ( 2014_film \\ ) ) won in 2015 the berlin award and it is an [ absolutely gorgeous film ] ( http://www.trbimg.com/img-54af1261/turbine/la-et-mn-song-of-the-sea-review-20150109 ) . 
  mostly an irish film but also produced in france , luxembourg , denmark and belgium . 
  quite european and deffo recommended viewing for animation fans . 
  heard about it , seems to me that it was hijacked by a loud minority who used it to express dissatisfaction with the eu and further their own personal interests in a dutch exit from the eu ( which seems so stupid to me ) . 
  people who voted no seemed to think the agreement would mean ukrainian membership to the eu and free movement for ukrainians in the eu . 
  i like direct democracy but my response to the whole thing was ` this is why we ca n't have nice things ', 
   the ability for the big economic powers - obviously germany comes to mind - to steamroller through policies that suit them would have no buffer . 
  i never got this , californians do n't control america , north-rhine westphalia does n't control germany , z\u00fcrich does n't control switzerland etc. 
  federations all have safeguards against that kinda selfish politics , that 's what state-rights are about . 
  irishman living in scotland . 
  i like the idea of sweden , western germany , netherlands or croatia . 
  an post is magic, 
   or ireland . 
  much cheaper fees than england , something to keep in mind, 
  i can go back 5 generations at most , my family was chased all over europe and many of my family including my great grandfather lived off the grid as much as he could so makes things harder to track . 
  on my mothers side i could n't tell you more than 2 generations as they stayed in ireland and did n't have much in the way of stories . 
  ah yeah , that was probably it, 
  i saw eu and irish flags at half mast but then it got closer to the easter rising anniversary so back up they went ( dublin ), 
  yeah , i 'm asking for the news sources that are doing this, 
  gon na need a source on any of this, 
  i really wish ireland had put the animals on the national side of our euro [ \\ ( from the irish pounds \\ ) ] ( http://ocaoimh.cuteandinsane.com/files/2008/10/real_money_01.jpg ) would have been nice, 
  oops thought it was boston , tis new york, 
  des bishop is irish-american and is better known in both ireland and china than the usa . 
  at this point though he is fairly irish , still just has a little ~ ~ boston ~ ~ new york accent, 
  in ireland we say yanks, 
  celt 1 : `` hmm who are those guys over there ? '', 
  celt 2 : `` ah sure they 're just romans , they 're grand '' celt 1 : `` well just as long as they do n't push us to the furthest edge of europe '' about 2000 years later , ireland . 
  av is not proportional and can in certain circumstances can be more skewed than fptp . 
  it only really works if you can only elect one person and there are no constituencies ( like ireland 's presidential election ), 
  tea - barrys , far superior to any grey british blend ( this is how you start wars ) coffee - do n't drink it at home only from cafes and basically i find starbucks coffee terrible and burnt tasting , same goes for the competitors though like costa and insomnia ( i would go for insomnia if desperate ) . 
  just find a place that does it nice , milk in edinburgh and kitchen 62 from my hometown in dublin . 
   *** danish *** butter woah woah ... woah ... hang on lads , get some kerrygold , put it on some toast . 
  seriously though , democracy . 
  no one beats the single transferrable vote, 
  you can still come to ireland , we have chicken fillet rolls !, 
  during the civil war , limerick ( our 3rd largest city ) declared itself an independent soviet socialist city state for about a week . 
  it even printed its own money . 
  i 'm irish , now living in the uk and big political things are happening in both countries at the moment . 
  i can do skype if you are up for that, 
  yep plenty in scotland and back home in dublin , i really miss boojum on the millennium walkway, 
  edinburgh - milk and project coffee dublin - dwarf jar and kitchen 62 ( in dun laoghaire ) thats all i have experience with, 
   regardless of whatever percent my genes are irish this would be the big difference with the irish outlook versus the american outlook , we do not care about genes at all , many irish get irked by irish-americans calling themselves irish because regardless of genes they would hold very american ideals . 
  bill o'reilly is a good example of how a genetically irish man can be ridiculously far removed from modern irish ideals , to us he is american , and very much so . 
   understanding cultural aspects were n't contrived , would that make me honorary irish ? 
  based on my experience of an australian friend who basically did that , you would be considered irish , not even honorary irish , at the very least irish/american . 
  this would take time though , based on a canadian friend living in ireland i have , i 'd be willing to guess that the moment you stop saying `` oh what 's that ? '', 
  in the middle of conversations between two irish people , you are irish . 
   would always having an american accent work against me ? 
  yes-ish , the australian friend i mentioned still has an australian accent ( to us , she recently visited family back in australia , they think she has an irish accent now ) so strangers think she is a tourist , but usually after 5 mins of casual conversation where she uses irish slang , hiberno-english grammatical structures and demonstrates knowledge of the area/zeitgeist people cop-on that she 's some what irish . 
  i loved it , most people i met here had heard of it but would instantly assume it was self congratulating american propaganda though . 
  it would take a while for me to convince em it was worth a watch but once that threshold was crossed they usually really liked it . 
  in ireland if you grow up here and understand the cultural references we make , you are irish . 
  this works both ways though and people born in ireland and raised elsewhere or people born to irish parents elsewhere wo n't really be considered irish if they do n't understand the irish zeitgeist . 
  we value cultural understanding i suppose is the most succinctly i can put it . 
  in ireland we would relate it to major political events . 
  the emergency ( ireland 's neutrality and isolationism during ww2 ) the troubles ( conflict in northern ireland during 60s - 80s ) the celtic tiger ( economic boom that occurred during the 90s ) 2008 financial crisis the only name for anyone who belongs to those generations that is ever used would be tiger cubs , people who have lived through ireland 's boom and knows little of poverty or hardship , the term is not widely used though . 
  are you northern irish , you can claim irish citizenship if you are . 
  other than that you are looking at naturalisation through residency . 
  ireland might be your best bet because even if the uk leaves the eu you would n't have to leave ireland ( due to the common travel area between our two islands ) meaning you would be a lawful resident of ireland ( still an eu country ) even if the uk left . 
  then you naturalise and the continent is your oyster again . 
  use airbnb in croatia , cheap , nice and super welcoming there . 
  regardless if they have the english or not your hosts will really want to chat with you . 
  made me fall in love with the country . 
  if you 'd like pm and i can recommend some people i stayed with, 
  zadar , croatia in the summer is exactly what you 'd be looking for i 'd imgaine . 
  cheap , good party atmosphere , complete brofest , good food and cheap drink no where in europe has a drinking age higher than 18 , we view americans as very prudish in this regard, 
  yeah thats a pretty good deal , are you looking to move permanently or just for the duration of your course ? 
  because if you are temporary then you may not even need to get a car . 
  ask r/thenetherlands but dutch public transport is amazing and you could live just outside of maastricht for 4 years ( ? ), 
  without need for a car at all , but again public transport between nations gets more expensive and complicated etc etc. 
  would save you some hassle . 
  brussels would be ideal for anything governmental but i think your biggest issue concerning cross-border commutes is going to be his american citizenship and how is residency is only gon na extend as far as one nation .
