  this is complicated , if you have eu citizenship via a belgian passport then you are fine but he ( if you 're married ) would only be entitled to permanent residency in belgium and would n't have eu citizenship rights . 
  check with / r/iwantout regarding immigration questions in relation to your work questions 2 points first , ask / r/thenetherlands about job sites and good ways of finding work . 
  second , a cross-border commute would be unwise in europe , sure there are no borders etc etc but free movement of labour is for eu citizens which your partner would n't be and european ideas of what a short distance is very different to an american 's . 
  i have often heard american 's say ` its only 5 hours away ' 5 hours in a car is the length of my country and sounds like a hellish commute . 
  europe is not suited for that kinda of lifestyle . 
  he should look for work in maastricht , which would be fine/achievable . 
  oh and obviously government positions are usually only given to citizens . 
  look at some eu/dutch think tanks maybe , i 'd imagine there are some in maastricht because of the very important maastricht treaty . 
  surprised no one responded to this you 'll be fine and keep insisting on the price-point of european colleges to convince your parents ( also the cheap healthcare ) . 
  go to ireland or scotland if your worried about language , everywhere after that would be fine to . 
  there are services that ` translate ' your grades . 
  you send them your transcripts and tell them the country you are applying to and they will turn your straight a american highschool grades into their dutch/whatever equivalent so that admission boards in the eu will understand them . 
  this grade translation is n't free though so watch out for that . 
  also unlike american colleges , most eu colleges ( afaik ) applications are based purely on grades and the number of places . 
  no written applications or extra curricular nonsense just do well in school and you 'll be fine, 
  the main issue is rabies , if he has had his shot he should be fine you just have forms to fill in . 
  however , i can tell you ( from experience ) the reverse is near impossible . 
  unless you intend for your dog to pass away in mainland europe getting him/her back might be forbidden . 
  i was only able to get my dog from ireland to the us easily because ireland is rabies free . 
   the way that is explained to us in school is the `` fire in the theater '' , the idea being that one is not allowed to incite panic in a public place without due cause , like yelling `` fire '' in a theater just cause i had this explained to me and that 's fair , its the same basis for europe and hate speeches really . 
  hate speeches are used to rally or strike fear into the public usually about a certain religious , ethnic or economic group . 
  they are seen as discriminatory and while it is not as immediate as say , shouting fire in a theatre , hate speeches usually lead to violence in some form or another . 
  in ireland though we have defamatory laws which we are now starting to debate the validity of . 
  in ireland it is against the law to say/print something about somebody that a ) is not backed up by hard fact and b ) could damage the victims business/livelihood . 
  we started questioning this when a lgbt rights activist was on tv with pro-marriage group ( that 's what they like being called , i guess ) . 
  the activist called the group homophobic and the group sued the tv station for allowing this comment to air ( it was live ) and people saw that as an abuse of that law and were fairly pissed we also have blasphemy laws but no one enforces them, 
  for bookings try fantastic irish web start up airbnb.com get some chips from a chipper , thats the most important thing  and get loose in london/dublin/galway during other times i hope you do n't mean going to and from ireland to england , if you are from the us or canada distances like that might seem normal but here that is going to be crazy inconvenient/expensive . 
  starting your trip in london and going to ireland is a good idea but going back to london again will eat up time . 
  i 'd recommend cork if you were looking for another city while in ireland . 
  this was a good read , i wan na buy you a coffee, 
  does cyprus speak much english ? 
  everyone forgets about malta, 
  ppphhh is talking about the schengen area , the free movement of labour and the monetary union ( euro ) . 
  these things are overwhelmingly the result of the eu, 
  sorry , i knew that yugoslavia was not in the ussr and was n't eastern block but i thought it called itself ssr yugoslavia , turns out i was thinking of sfr yugoslavia, 
  amendment to this . 
  i have worked in four places that sell alcohol . 
  we do not accept drivers license , since the old ones ( the new ones only came in a year ago ) are made of pink paper and are super easy to counterfeit . 
  places do accept drivers licence but not officially , they 'd be letting you off if they did . 
  passport and garda age card are the most popular and the garda age card is useless once you turn 21-24 and look your age as the rule for till operators is if they look 23 or younger you ask em ( even though the drinking age is 18 ), 
  it depends on what countries you are going to for cheap cities . 
  here is some trailers while i 'm at it [ grabbers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uc4glnad5za ) [ the guard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=q5pk6s-prue ) [ love/hate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9yoyd7bwjra ), 
  american/british media dominates most things here but ireland comes out with the occasional gem . 
  i 'd recommend love/hate which is crime drama about dublins criminal underworld . 
  pretty much just an irish version of the wire . 
  and two good irish movies as of late . 
  the guard is essentially a buddy cop film set in rural galway where an fbi agent ( don cheadle ) and a local garda ( brendan gleeson ) try to stop some drug smugglers . 
  lastly a sci-fi comedy grabbers where a rural irish island town can only survive carnivorous alien attacks by remaining drunk the entire time because alcohol is poisonous to the aliens . 
  that 's my recommendations, 
  the situation is improving here but that fear is understandable, 
  the thing i 'm proudest about ireland is how well we treat foreign people , and i know we have a few brazilian shops in dublin if you ever get homesick . 
  and ireland is always hiring in the it sector so that would be a safe bet in my eyes and a fun change for you guys . 
  not to mention that any eu country you pick does n't have to be a permanent move for you , you could move to some other eu country, 
  the opposite here ( mostly ) the older generation think we are better off without and some ` edgy ' college ` activists ' who believe merkel runs the imf etc etc but the younger generation believe in more internationalism and that a large eu is a good thing , couple that with distrust in the irish political system, 
  i ca n't think of any companies that could get you a visa to work and let you travel at the same time . 
  you 'd be fixed in one country . 
  volunteers do n't get visas i do n't think and you can get a schengen visa for 90 days travel around the schengen area, 
  some places in northern ireland accept euro but these are only tourist destinations and train stations and the like, 
  i have been drunken under the table by many a german, 
  the amount of it job openings i see pop up in my feed is ridiculous but apparently it does n't match the number of computer science graduates, 
  i have heard suggestions that the ukraine would join before turkey so that a more culturally european block of ukraine , france and germany would exist to stop turkey from having a parliamentary takeover . 
  just a thought , but an interesting one, 
  i would love to see it , but the next ten years is the minimum amount of time the eu/turkey needs to sort out its affairs so within the next ten years ? 
  probably not, 
  ebay.ie and adverts.ie, 
  in ireland ( and the uk as well ) we have a different community that pose the same issues as the roma , they are called travellers and they are subjugated beyond belief . 
  they live in poverty and are never given the opportunity to work themselves out of that poverty ( in a law-abiding way ) . 
  my older sisters told me stories of being robbed and the such but my experiences were better , i worked for the irish travellers association as a graphic designer and they have problems such as not having the vote , being afraid to talk to the media ( mainly because of the show ` my big fat gypsy wedding ' ) and no recognition as an ethnic minority , which the roma now do ( i think ) . 
  the issue is the same with every minority throughout history , ` we 'll stop subjugating you if you could behave better ' ` we could behave better if you stopped subjugating us ' also i do n't think gypsy is a word you can say , i mean no nomadic community like the term and have terms they would prefer to be called ( roma , traveller , i 'm sure there are others ) but yeah, 
  i 've been a guide to many americans travelling around europe ( who usually start in ireland then go onto to the continent ) they were usually throwing around money like nobodies business so travel and accommodation was never an issue for 'em , so i ca n't help you there . 
  i can just say two things i said to all of them . 
  tipping is n't mandatory like in the states . 
  some tourist trap restaurants will act like it is in front of americans because they know how it works in the states . 
  tip only if your waiter goes beyond what they are required to do for you , make pleasant conversation , are prompt , speak english etc etc and some restaurants will have service charge included in the price . 
  speak the language . 
  even attempting to speak the language will get you more respect/better treatment . 
  learning simple things like how to ask for items off a menu , ask where things are other basic phrases will help . 
  depends on the number of destinations , but a rail pass is worth your while, 
  ah right , because france have more people than the uk and therefore more parliamentary representation . 
  thought maybe you were taking it from a gdp point of view . 
  i 'm curious where the second most important country idea comes from ? 
  not attacking but just curious . 
  but yeah as others have said , not in the eurozone , not in the schengen , not a founder is probably the reasons . 
  having the commissioners elected by each individual country would be best . 
  i feel like it would be something that satisfy both federalists and moderate eurosceptics . 
  it would have to be a 1 = 1 vote system with no proportional voting or electoral college . 
  just the most votes out of everyone who can vote in the eu . 
  thats been seriously called into question and only the finnish pm said that would be the best solution post-election . 
  also i feel like many people can like one party but another 's candidate . 
  i think it would be a decent mud-slinging strategy by any uk party that feels threatened by them , even if it is ukip 's intention to protest by not participating i 'd say some mp/journalist might attack them on this . 
  i 'm sure they will be attacked on not doing their job come the general elections in the uk . 
  the only remotely economic issues that ukip are in favour for ( that i know of ) are increased military spending and increasing the tax for the poorest uk citizens and lowering it for the insanely rich so that everyone is taxed equally rather than according to their income . 
  both of these are indeed far-right ideals . 
  also they denounce global warming and want to reduce spending on green energy , which is the one thing the eu got the uk to improve . 
  i 'm curious , i 'm not as doom and gloom as some media reports and i do n't think this is the end of the ` ever closer union ' and i 'm curious to see what will happen to the ukip vote considering as it is part of their manifesto to not participate in parliamentary votes . 
  all answers so far have been great . 
  but some things you may find interesting . 
  ireland 's nationalist party sinn f\u00e9in is far-left so you are right , being nationalistic does not mean being far-right it just seems to be in a lot of cases and particularly with ukip and fnp which have been getting a lot of press lately . 
  also euroscepticism is n't linked to far-right again thats just the ones getting the most press . 
  the extreme left in ireland is eurosceptic and nearly every party in the uk is eurosceptic regardless of political position,
