  also , the rule of tincture does n't apply here , as standard divisions of the field are considered next to , not on top of each other - and chevron is a standard division of the field . 
  [ coat of arms of ascension island ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/23/coat_of_arms_of_ascension_island.svg/517px-coat_of_arms_of_ascension_island.svg.png ), 
  arms : barry wavy of six argent and azure , a chevron vert between three albatrosses displayed contourn\u00e9 proper . 
  supporters : two seaturtles proper . 
  crest : on a tilting helm with a wreath argent , azure and vert a three-masted sailing ship flying st. george 's cross . 
  ^ ( i 'd post it as a link , but it has already been posted here a month ago ... but i really like this coat of arms . ), 
  vert , a chevron between three swords palewise or . 
  here you go . 
  i do n't like how it turned out though . 
  how i did it : i used the extension  render  parametric curves in inkscape , then rendered a cosine curve , made some copies of it , and just intersected it with a circle ( under path  intersection ) . 
  drawing custom curves with function plotter is quite simple . 
  the slopes and ratios of the peaks are a bit different , because i 've drawn it from scratch . 
  they 're also preparing a jewish noses portrait pack dlc . 
  because one person 's experience must be a natural tendency of all humanity . 
  this is like saying that human 's natural tendency is homosexuality . 
  or , if we go more extreme , pedophilia . 
  you ca n't generalize like that . 
  well . 
  let me speak for myself on that mater ( i 'm a guy btw ) . 
  of course i do n't stop feeling physical attraction to other women when i 'm in a relationship . 
  but - there is a big difference between just finding someone attractive and actually actively feeling any sexual desire towards them . 
  not only that i would n't approach them , i 'd also reject any woman without hesitating . 
  because that is something i just do n't feel when i 'm in a relationship - or just when i 'm pursuing one . 
  so , i 'd say i 'm naturally monogamous , even though i 'm still attracted to other women . 
  some people , however , are different . 
  i 'm not going to judge them for that , but i do n't like when people jump to conclusions too fast . 
  i do n't think monogamous people are in a minority . 
  i mean , there are monogamous people even in cultures that embrace polygamy . 
  though , i understand that assuming everyone should be monogamous does n't really help . 
  this actually made me feel ... 
  nope . 
  wearing yoga pants/leggings is a turnoff , though . 
   its colors are derived from the banner of the 13th century majapahit empire . 
  [ 4 ] however it was suggested that the reverence for the colors red and white can trace its origin to older common austronesian mythology of mother earth and father sky ; both symbolize in colors red ( earth ) and white ( sky ) . 
  this is one of the reasons why the colors red and white appears in many of the flags throughout austronesia -- from tahiti to indonesia and madagascar . 
  white and red would also later on symbolize the duality of nature . 
  [ 5 ] the earliest record of the use of red and white panji or pataka ( long flag along curved bamboo pole ) were written in pararaton ; according to this source , the troops of jayakatwang from gelang-gelang hoisted the red and white banner during their invasion to singhasari . 
  this suggested that even before majapahit era , the red and white colors already revered and used as kingdom 's banner since kediri era . 
  the application of red and white textile coloring is available in ancient indonesia . 
  white is the natural color of woven cotton fabrics , while red is one of the earliest natural dye discovered by native acquired from the teak leafs , the flowers of averrhoa bilimbi or the skin of mangosteen fruits . 
   not only javanese kingdoms that used red and white colors , the battle flag of king sisingamangaraja ix of batak lands also uses red and white as emblem ; with the image of white twin swords called piso gaja dompak against red background . 
  [ 6 ] during aceh war , aceh warriors also used red and white battle flag , with the image of sword , star and crescent , sun , and also part of quranic script . 
  [ 7 ] red and white flag is also used as the flag of buginese bone kingdom in south sulawesi , the flag is called woromporang . 
  [ 8 ] the balinese badung ( puri pamecutan ) royal banner also contains red and white element , their flag is red , white , and black [ 9 ] that probably also derived from majapahit origin . 
  during java war ( 1825 -- 1830 ) prince diponegoro also used red and white banner . 
   later , these colors were revived by students and then nationalists in the early 20th century as an expression of nationalism against the dutch . 
  the red-white flag was flown for the first time in java in 1928 . 
  under dutch rule , the flag was prohibited . 
  it was adopted as the national flag on 17 august 1945 , when independence was declared and has been in use since then . 
  copypaste from wikipedia explaining that red and white is a pre-colonial colour combination . 
  if you want to go with something even more traditional , one possibility is reviving the majapahit [ nine-striped red and white flag ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/37/naval_jack_of_indonesia.svg/810px-naval_jack_of_indonesia.svg.png ) - currently used as a naval jack . 
  however , this one is reminiscent of the stripes on the us flag , and malaysia also has a red-white-striped flag ... 
  edit : i 've combined the garuda and the nine-striped flag : http://i.imgur.com/otnbnfv.png, 
  it depends . 
  i think they look cheap and skanky rather than sexy . 
  it is derived from the name of dingir , the supreme sky-deity of sumerians . 
  it is also the source of the word `` dictator '' ( which originally did n't mean an autocratic malevolent leader , but a person appointed by the senate in times of emergency - a true man and a saviour of people ) . 
  edit : i just realized that while dingir is a real deity , kunda/cunti seems to be made up ... 
  hmm . . now that i think of it , it is both . 
  if you 're not in shape fit to wear leggings , then just do n't . 
  if you are , they may still be a bad choice . 
  i could maybe tolerate them if something is worn over them , but since you 're worrying about your underwear showing through , this is not the case ... 
  edit : you do n't really have to worry about my opinion that much . 
  i know it may be just a grain of sand in the ocean . 
  also , i am a bit more fashion-conscious than average man ... 
   keep my blood sugar levels steady, 
  so , she is literally addicted to sugar ( using the word literally literally ) . 
  i did n't realize how real this is , until i went ketoing for a month last year . 
  i just did n't get hungry during the day . 
  and i realized why , if i eat something sweet in the morning , i get hungry faster than if i do n't eat anything at all . 
  it 's because you do n't get hungry because you need food , but because your blood sugar decreases , and you crave for more . 
  that 's probably because manchukuo was a puppet state of japan . 
  and she treats her condishun with condiments . 
  i nordified it up a bit . 
  it 's a bad idea . 
  if not burned , liver will immediately start converting fructose into fat . 
  glucose is burned slower , and liver has no preference . 
  table sugar is broken down into glucose and fructose 50:50 . 
  during the night , your body burns less ( and generally switches to burning fat ) . 
  however , if you have lots of leftover sugar , this can not happen . 
  what is worse , all leftover fructose will be converted into fat by the liver . 
  so , yeah , eating before bed is generally not a good idea , and because of metabolism this is especially true for sugar . 
  but i would n't say that you should absolutely never do it . 
  it 's okay , as long as you do n't eat late too much or too often . 
  and , generally , how you feel is a very good indicator of health . 
  just take care that you do n't starve yourself . 
  i had to actively remind myself to eat some more , even if i did n't feel hungry , because the body still needs that energy . 
  especially the brain is the problem , because it usually burns carbs . 
  so , instead of feeling hunger , i 'd just get tired and sleepy . 
  i 'm surprised it 's not schlomo scheckelstein . 
  or , something like moshe yehoshaphat diamantenpflaumensteinengoldbergermeyerssohn . 
  yes , it is . 
  but - so what ? 
  and you need to learn how to live with it and function normally . 
  and this is what op is trying to do . 
  once you 're fucked up , there 's not much you can do . 
  but you do n't have to let it define you and seek for confirmation and special treatment every fucking time . 
  and yes , i go to / pol / too . 
  i 'm wondering how dingoes would compare . 
   age : 59,
