  ) , so it does n't really make sense to natural speakers of english . 
  he even considered adding an irregular plural `` dwarrows '' ( or `` dwerrows '' ) instead of `` dwarves '' , giving it an archaic flavour ( he argued that archaic plural would probably survive language evolution if we spoke of dwarves regularly ) . 
  he decided to keep the plural `` dwarves '' in the end , but using the archaic form `` dwarrows '' in dwarrowdelf - translation of name phurunargian in common speech and hadhodrond in sindar ( meaning `` delving of the dwarves '' - dwarrowdelf ) , old name for moria ( meaning `` black chasm '' ) . 
  there is another different flag of huehuetenango , but i could n't find why it is so . 
  anyway , i like the [ other one ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/5/5d/huehuetenango_flag_with_coat.png ) better , but decided to post the one that is on wikipedia page of huehuetenango department . 
  soo ... you 're saying that the ratio is irrelevant ? 
  or did you just fuck up the math ? 
  as most have already commented , an average human is much more fucked up than you might think . 
  since on the internet we communicate with complete strangers under false names ( or even anonymously , like on 4chan ) , social stigma against weirdness is lifted , so people simply dare post more . 
  also , people with weirder opinions tend to express them on the internet with much greater zeal . 
  it 's because they suppress them in real life . 
  but , on the internet , they are protected by their anonymity , so it encourages them to post it . 
  people with normal opinions do n't really bother to post them , because they are shared by majority anyway , so it does n't matter , while the minority wants to be heard . 
  this one is quite ridiculous . 
  it 's not that i do n't know you have boobs ( or even their size ) if you cover them with a bikini . 
  the only point seems to be hiding nipples . 
  but guys somehow do n't need to cover them , so it 's clearly a double standard . 
  edit : male chest seems to be quite sexualized too . 
  not as much as boobs , but still . 
  do guys have to cover our pecs ? 
  this was in old testament though . 
  it was annulled by the new testament . 
  also , it is not a book of laws that christians should abide , but more a history of god 's chosen people - hebrews . 
  most fundamentalists seem to disregard this though ... 
  curse words have their meaning exactly of the stigma . 
  if it were lifted , they 'd completely lose their strength , rendering them useless . 
  possibly because you do n't really need to get married in order to be a happy couple . 
  marriage was already stripped of its meaning now that divorces are so common ( it used to be a lifetime choice ) , and it 's mostly just a legal contract that solves some issues regarding life as a couple . 
  i think that marriage should instead be completely dropped , and while it should be recognized by the state , it should be completely unnecessary for life as a couple ( or a family ) . 
  however ;, 
  leviticus 24:19 -20 : `` if a man injures his neighbor , just as he has done , so it shall be done to him : fracture for fracture , eye for eye , tooth for tooth ; just as he has injured a man , so it shall be inflicted on him . 
  matthew 5:39 : `` but i tell you , do n't resist him who is evil ; but whoever strikes you on your right cheek , turn to him the other also . '', 
  this is a big difference . 
  i 'm not an expert on the bible , but from what i understand , the new testament also expand the teachings from one single people ( hebrews ) to all humanity . 
  it does n't make sense to impose hebrew law on other peoples . 
  and in combination with the sentence you bolded , this would also mean that christianity is not to abolish traditions of others , but just to improve them , and fulfill the prophecies . 
  i 'm not saying that it should be legal or illegal , but more alegal . 
  outside of the law . 
  it 's a personal choice , that should not be regulated by state 's laws . 
  check his downloads . 
  he was probably downloading this : http://replygif.net/t/david-tennant, 
  i think it 'd a good idea for you to download [ inkscape ] ( http://inkscape.org/ ) and learn how to use it . 
  it makes geometric designs much cleaner if they 're designed as vector graphics . 
  also , save your flags as . png , not as . jpg . 
  [ the compression ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a4/comparison_of_jpeg_and_png.png ) is much better for flags , because it 's not as grainy and is better for large areas filled with same colour . 
  some do and some do n't . 
  i , for example , do n't and do n't want to . 
  instead of dogs , they have bears . 
  much more awesome , i 'd say . 
  pancakes with sugar and melted butter are actually delicious . 
  north korea . 
  i think that inverting the hue ( so that dark stays dark and light stays light ) would be much more eye-friendly ... 
  nope , i 'm not going to give you links to creep shots and paedophilia subreddits . 
   holy shit it moves, 
   posts jpg screenshot, 
  op , you 're such a bundle of sticks . 
  yes . 
  and mammoths went extinct when body hair went out of fashion , because elephants can not shave themselves . 
   prevent a similar charity, 
  i presume you mean tragedy . 
  also , if two circles are tangential to each other ( a.k.a. 
  kissing circles ) , they are automatically gay by definition , as in this case balls do touch . 
  nope , but you can replace your shoelaces with earphones . 
  they will tangle themselves while you 're not looking . 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little milk drinker ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the mage 's college of winterhold , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on summerset isle , and i have over 300 confirmed dragon souls absorbed . 
  i am trained in hand-to-hand and magic combat , and i 'm the top swordsman in the entire imperial legion . 
  you are nothing to me but just another lesser dragon . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with pure brute force the likes of which has never been seen before on nirn , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of dark brotherhood assassins across the whole of tamriel and your presence is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can kill you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my bare hands . 
  not only am i extensively trained in unarmed combat , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the empire of cyrodiil and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury and thu'um all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , troll bait . 
  chariception !, 
   more commonly shown on video, 
  i 'm concerned about what kind of videos do you watch . 
  the , ahem , `` documentaries '' ? 
  russia has some semiarid land around the caspian sea . 
  and argentina , of course ; being parallel to chile . 
  i ca n't sleep in a bed either . 
  every time i 'm sleeping over somewhere , i opt for a couch or the ground . 
  i had a hard time sleeping in my bed too , so i decided to just throw it out and buy a couch . 
  now i sleep much better . 
  ... and then to lower the orbit enough that it falls into the sun . 
  this takes even more energy actually , as you must decelerate from earth 's orbital speed to practically zero . 
  but , until we realize how to do it ( space elevator ? 
  gravitomagnetic propulsion ? 
  ) , we can still store the waste somewhere safe and just clean up later , right ? 
  from wikipedia :, 
   `` a 1,000 mw coal-burning power plant could have an uncontrolled release of as much as 5.2 metric tons per year of uranium ( containing 74 pounds ( 34 kg ) of uranium-235 ) and 12.8 metric tons per year of thorium . 
  [ 21 ] in comparison , a 1,000 mw nuclear plant will generate about 30 short tons of high-level radioactive solid packed waste per year . 
  [ 22 ] it is estimated that during 1982 , us coal burning released 155 times as much uncontrolled radioactivity into the atmosphere as the three mile island incident . 
  dude , socks are like , bra for feet .
