  women 's sports are kind of a tier 2 sports . 
  you know , women have lower physical abilities than men ( regarding most sports - gymnastics is where women are generally better by predisposition ) , but they 're allowed to have their own competition tier . 
  while this means they can compete more equally , this also means that women 's sports are not where world 's best athletes compete . 
  it 's just like comparing first and second division of a league - while clubs that play in the second division certainly do deserve the appreciation , people talk about the first division most of the time . 
  however , in small countries like slovenia where i come from , women athletes are just as appreciated as men when it comes to world cups . 
  but this is mostly because we do n't have as many athletes competing , so it 's noticeable whenever someone reaches world 's elite , no matter what sport and the gender . 
  what would you say if legally an adult could n't give consent to a person of the same gender ? 
   barring a separate issue like polygamy, 
  ... why so ? 
  is it not a thing of , well , more than just two , but still , consenting adults ? 
  ... what ? 
  the most major and evident problem with this is that energy is not conserved . 
  and , well , if you can create energy from nothing and make it disappear , you 've basically created an universe where everything is possible . 
  just like how you can prove almost any false logical statement if you assume that 0 = 1 . 
  however , our universe does n't seem to be chaotic ... 
  though , it is true that mars probably used to look more like earth , and earth was probably covered in thick clouds for the first half of its existence , appearing somewhat similar to venus . 
  i , as a physicist , recommend you to start with the basics . 
  to understand the current model of the universe , you first need to understand the underlying principles that make it work . 
  and why disregarding those principles would mean chaos . 
  you ca n't just make everyone use the french name , because that makes the name unpronounceable for most people . 
  silly you , everyone knows china starts with '' \u4e2d '' . 
  wow, 
  such flag, 
  ... and my axe !!, 
  may i suggest the deliverance of the fall by dekadent ? 
  atmospheric metal group from slovenia . 
  they released a 40-minute long short film as a music video for the whole album . 
  quite epic stuff . 
  i 'm quite sure that whoever drew that map , was euphoric at that moment . 
  both because of some phony god 's blessing and because , he was enlightened by his own intelligence . 
  and that 's only direct sunlight , not counting the angle between ground and incoming sunlight , day/night cycle , or atmospheric effects . 
  realistic values are 300 w/m ^ 2 yearly average in deserts , 200 w/m ^ 2 in tropical regions , and 150 w/m ^ 2 in temperate regions . 
  that sensation is not unbeknownst to me , my peer . 
  it 's actually the opposite way . 
   `` give her le d. '', 
  - ren\u00e9 descartes, 
   the white falcon is a symbol of beauty and bravery . 
  the green background color stands for well-being and hope . 
  the blue-and-yellow strips symbolize the chernivtsi oblast itself , the blue standing for rivers of region , and yellow for grain fields . 
  i read that as king aragorn 's stairs . 
  well , the first flag of slovenia , the one that was raised at the independence ceremony , was not just 1:2 , but 1:5 !, 
  in my opinion it depends on the flag elements . 
  some designs look better on longer , and some look better on shorter flags . 
  imagine , for example , 2:3 flag of canada , or 1:2 flag of switzerland . 
  different designs have different optimal ratios . 
   the colors of the flag symbolize ` ukrainian red blood spilled on ukrainian black earth ' . 
  from wikipedia, 
  it probably was n't `` quote '' , but more like `` k ` oww '', 
  well , to be honest , i came here expecting this to be the top comment . 
  and i was n't disappointed . 
  the swamps of dagobah is a classic . 
  no hurricanes in the mediterranean , though strong cyclonic storms with heavy rainfall do occur in autumn ( sometimes called [ medicanes ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/medicane ) ) , which are somewhat similar , but weaker . 
  waterspouts are quite common ( at least in croatia , i do n't know about italy , but presumably it 's very similar ) , but they 're much weaker than tornadoes , rarely stronger than a f1 tornado . 
  also , they 're so weak that they dissipate when they hit land . 
  weak tornadoes form once every year or two , and are considered a special event . 
  ... and to think that if i was n't using ubuntu , on a laptop , i would probably be mining dogecoins from the very beginning . 
  i just never bothered setting it up . 
  though , at the beginning i did n't believe it would become more than just a joke . 
  [ am slavic , can confirm . 
  ukraine was presented as a `` cleft country '' in samuel p. huntington 's book * clash of civilizations * , published back in 1996 . 
  the thesis of that book is that the world is divided into several large civilizations with similar cultures , with some countries divided between two or more civilizations . 
  he expected those countries to be torn apart by internal struggles . 
  one of the countries he included , sudan , has actually split into two recently . 
  what did he say ? 
  so should you . 
  [ this guy is . 
  it would n't be much different than the old world without the americas . 
  eurasia already is one huge landmass , and this did n't stop hordes like scythians , huns or mongols from spreading from one side to another . 
  however , the fact that there is just one super-continent would mean that colonialism would n't work like it did ( there would be no new world , though africa and india were still colonised eventually ) , and that the modern world wars would n't be fought in separate theatres - it would probably be just one huge clusterfuck . 
  is just imperiarist pig propaganda !, 
  the eagle is fine . 
  poland used the white eagle on red even under the communist regime , though without the crown . 
  besides removing the crown , perhaps a good idea would be to make the eagle hold a sickle and a hammer in his claws . 
  though that would make it pretty much identical to the austrian eagle . 
  yep , some of them sure are . 
  but so what ? 
  but just because some protesters came there there waving with their fascist and nazi-collaborationist flags , it does n't make the protests any less legitimate . 
  what are the other protesters supposed to do , withdraw their demands and walk home , just because some neo-nazis are protesting as well ? 
  because if that was so , here we have the ultimate protest-destructing weapon : bring in some people with fascist and nazi flags , and the whole protest is instantly illegitimate . 
  [ of quick recoloring . 
  wow , she took being a sheltering mom to a whole new level . 
  but , more frightening is that this could actually happen . 
  flying the flag of the philippines upside down indicates a state of war . 
  also , according to the republic act no . 
  8491 , it is prohibited, 
  to display the flag in front of buildings or offices occupied by aliens . 
  why is it considered okay to follow cats around , but not girls ? 
  that 's the only thing that keeps me awake in class sometimes . 
  [ since i could n't find it just by googling , here is the screenshot referenced . 
  ] ( http://cloud.steampowered.com/ugc/540706983161039893/61e40640dcefe1c7c0df2e69389c6461688de211/ ), 
  tibet was quite strong just before this time period , being a serious threat to the tang china , but it has fragmented by the starting point of the old gods . 
  also , it did n't interact much with india . 
  great !, 
  when are we legalizing domestic violence so bdsm people can consummate their marriages without fear of being reported ? 
  i 'm saving this one for later use . 
  how is babby formed, 
  how girl get pragnent, 
  maybe she wanted to give you a hint not to do that . 
  human babies ? 
  do n't you mean larv\u00e6 ?
