  it 's k\u00f6nigsberg and it 's german actually . 
  germany wo n't be getting it back though , it would make it nazi . 
  because he 's a latent nazi forever . 
  in case you did n't know ; they are not dug out completely . 
  there 's actually a whole body below their heads . 
  also , there is another mountain that apparently has crazy horse ( mounted on his horse ) beneath it . 
  they 're currently digging him out . 
  http://www.ski-epic.com/2006_canada_motorcycle_trip/pr5b_crazy_horse_monument.jpg ( how it is expected to look like ), 
  i 've read a theory somewhere that rape is a natural behaviour during war time . 
  ( i think it was in steven pinker 's book how the mind works - fascinating read , combining dawkins 's theory of selfish gene and cognitive science ), 
  the reason is , when an invading group of warriors defeats the enemy tribe , raping women can greatly increase the amount of children , which helps those genes that induce aggressive sexual behaviour to spread . 
  the supporting argument would be that rape has accompanied warfare in virtually every known historical era , and it still does in various primitive tribes ( i think he gives amazonian natives as an example ) . 
  this does not excuse rape , however , as it becomes basically the same as murder - a war-time aggressive behaviour that is not allowed to run rampant during peace , especially inside the same social group ; besides , excessive violence is not really tolerated even during war . 
  tl ; dr : you 're supposed to draw lakes after you draw rivers . 
  [ yeah , good luck with that . 
  did n't you mention that you 're from austria ... ? 
  alert red alert inform the mossad he wants to gas israel, 
  just accept it , you 're arithmetisexual . 
  ego can confirm that ego always rape women when ego go to the beach and they only wear bikinis . 
  it 's [ s4s ] , not / s4s / . 
  i 'm 19 . 
  never drank beer in my life . 
  the reason : when i was around 11 , my dad started to get really preachy about how great beer is and how i should soon start drinking it . 
  he also said that you do n't like beer until 14 , when you become grown up and start drinking it like a man , because that 's when you acquire the taste for beer . 
  one evening when he was drinking beer and saying how he can barely wait for me to grow up , so we can start drinking beer together ( alcohol is forbidden under 18 in slovenia , but i never experienced any real law enforcement ) . 
  i just snapped and swore that i will never in my life drink , or even taste beer . 
  and i still keep this oath , even though it may be a bit strange , and it takes a big part of socializing out . 
  it 's also awkward when everyone assumes that i 'd want a beer and i 'm just `` umm , i do n't drink beer '' . 
  i usually drink spritzer ( white wine + sparkling water ) or cider ( which is a bit hard to get here ) instead . 
   nice sized breasts , huge ass, 
  most likely she 's just fat . 
  [ sampi ( \u03e1 ) ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sampi ) comes after the omega . 
  fine , i 'll take my beautiful skinny modelfu ; she 's beautiful regardless of the fact that she does n't have any real curves . 
  wow . 
  imagine that they give children voting rights . 
  just imagine the political campaigns . 
   o-mega = `` big o '', 
   o-micron = `` little o '', 
   so o-mega is capital of o-micron , right ? 
  honestly , i think that greek alphabet does n't work the way you think it works . 
  also , sampi used to be a letter ( most likely `` ts '' ) in some dialects of ancient greek . 
  so it does count . 
  / r/supershibe , because nobody likes shibe 's nazi srs mods . 
  it 's buddhism that happened . 
  and it was tibet that converted them to buddhism . 
  actually , the title of dalai lama was established by a mongol khan . 
  ironically , the same was for tibet . 
  they were a mighty warrior kingdom during years 600-800 , even being a serious threat for tang dynasty china . 
  then , the empire collapsed , and tibet became what it is today . 
  * facepalms, 
  ego feel like ego 've visited a circlejerk of le classy atheist kids . 
  2/10 would not consider a serious option . 
  based on the current coat of arms . 
  no blue , red , or religious symbols ? 
  check . 
  simple ? 
  check . 
  meaningful symbolism ? 
  check . 
  no map on a flag ? 
  check . 
  edit : i should probably flip the dove , so it faces the hoist , according to the old rule . 
  so , if i get robbed while i 'm sleeping , i 'm responsible , because i did n't wake up and beat the shit out of the burglar ? 
  edit : thanks for the answer , confirmed troll . 
  i have only posted here what i actually found on 4chan ; before i myself posted in that thread . 
  if i did , i cropped out my comment . 
  this generated me 10605 karma over the last year . 
  my perception of this sub is that this is a place to post best-of content from 4chan . 
  because you ca n't see all the awesome thread , and because you sometimes do n't feel like searching through all the garbage to see something interesting . 
  i have even joined threads on 4chan that i have seen posted here because they were so awesome . 
  it 's actually simple . 
  be quick when posting stuff from 4chan ( you want to be the first ) , post only if it 's really hilarious and not just mildly interesting , and do n't be afraid to post - because successful posts give you so much karma that it pays out . 
  also , do n't post because of karma . 
  post because it 's hilarious . 
  ironically , you 'll get more karma doing this . 
  example of a good post : http://i.imgur.com/p0spcyr.png, 
  example of a bad post : http://i.imgur.com/hxhq7jy.png, 
  it 's not official ; svalbard has no official flag . 
  also , if i see correctly , this flag is from uncyclopedia , which is basically a wiki of vandalized wikipedia articles . 
  it 's a nice flag though . 
  about the first one ; karma does n't lie . 
  i provide what the market wants . 
  about the sarcasm : thanks for the feedback , will re-tune sarcasm filters shortly . 
  it 's a 4chan troll most likely ; also , le monkey face is [ jimmy russel ] ( http://knowyourmeme.com/memes/that-really-rustled-my-jimmie ) , a meme from 4chan . 
  this exact comic is actually on the knowyourmeme page of this meme . 
   le monkey face, 
   on february 16th , 2012 , a satirical rage comic featuring an outline drawing of the gorilla munch gorilla accompanied by the caption `` le monkey face '' was posted to / v / ( video games ) [ 16 ] board on 4chan . 
  many commenters speculated the comic was being used as a trolling scheme to convince others that the gorilla had been adopted by reddit 's rage comic community . 
  we seriously need some good bluegrass folk metal . 
  besides panopticon , there is no such band i know of . 
  and to think how awesome authentic american folk metal could be . 
  prince ? 
  heh , what a poser . 
  seriously , you 're more of a poser if you denounce all music outside your narrow scope . 
  umm ... does that river in the centre of the map just flow out of the desert ? 
  rivers can flow through the desert , but they rapidly lose water there . 
  some just disappear or end in a hypersaline lake . 
  there 's a reason those areas are deserts - evaporation is far too high to sustain liquid water . 
  nah , not what i 'm looking for ... 
  it 's not bad , but what bothers me is that the two styles are not really combined .
