  but ... it 's legendary . 
  9/10 would read again . 
  old repost is old, 
  so much newfaggotry ... 
  it 's a great song . 
  imho it 's better than any song on mylo xyloto . 
  it 's a shame it was left out ... 
  op should one, 
  they play great ethno music . 
  [ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl5xprmrhx8] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pl5xprmrhx8 ), 
  [ http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxyctwcrq38] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxyctwcrq38 ), 
  yes you are . 
  did you downvote it when it made the front page ? 
  now , that would be hipster . 
  it 's some kind of dick massage that is supposed to make it grow larger . 
  dae unique ? 
  not sure if sarcastic, 
  or did n't get it, 
  there are even worse examples of vowellessness . 
  it 's a czech phrase meaning `` a dormouse full of stains escaped through grass after first eating a quarterhandful of grain '', 
  after consulting with google , i found [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yjhe1tz69jo ) . 
  op deserved it for being beta . 
  also , op is a fag . 
  [ ocr 'd ] ( http://www.newocr.com/ ), 
  ok really ? 
  you think you can just freely say the n word without thinking about how others feel, 
  about it ? 
  what the hell is wrong with you ? 
  it may be an imageboard , but that doesnt mean, 
  you should take on the liberty of acting like a total asshole . 
  why do n't you ever consider, 
  acting normal towards people of different races ? 
  you are very disrespectful and i \ufb01nd this very, 
  distasteful . 
  you should get off your computer and stand in a corner for \ufb01ve minutes to think, 
  about what you have just done . 
  this goes for the rest of you assholes thinking that you can, 
  just throw the n word like that so freely . 
  and honestly , i do n't care if you 're gon na start calling, 
  me the n word too . 
  it will just prove my point that you are all just a bunch of sel\ufb01sh , racist ,, 
  \ufb02aming pigs . 
  seriously , people these days need to act more mature for once instead of, 
  believing that they can say or do anything they want , whether or not it pisses other people off . 
  hey faggot ,, 
  my name is john , and i hate you . 
  you are fat , retarded , no-life who spends every second of your day looking at stupid ass pictures . 
  you are everything bad in the world . 
  honestly , have you ever gotten any pussy ? 
  i mean , i guess it 's fun making fun of people because of your own insecurities , but you take to a whole new level . 
  this is even worse than jerking off to pictures on facebook . 
  do n't be a stranger . 
  just hit me with your best shot . 
  i 'm pretty much perfect . 
  i was captain of the football team , and starter on my basketball team . 
  what sports do you play , other than `` jack off to naked drawn japanese people '' ? 
  i also get straight a 's , and have a banging hot girlfriend ( she just blew me ; shit was so cash ) . 
  you are a faggot who should just kill yourself . 
  thanks for listening . 
  i can not believe how incredibly stupid you are . 
  i mean rock-hard stupid . 
  dehydrated-rock-hard stupid . 
  stupid so stupid that it goes way beyond the stupid we know into a whole different dimension of stupid . 
  you are trans-stupid stupid . 
  stupid collapsed on itself so far that even the neutrons have collapsed . 
  stupid gotten so dense that no intellect can escape . 
  singularity stupid . 
  blazing hot mid-day sun on mercury stupid . 
  you emit more stupid in one second than our entire galaxy emits in a year . 
  your writing has to be a troll . 
  nothing in our universe can really be this stupid . 
  perhaps this is some primordial fragment from the original big bang of stupid . 
  some pure essence of a stupid so uncontaminated by anything else as to be beyond the laws of physics that we know . 
  i ca n't go on . 
  this is an epiphany of stupid for me . 
  after this , you may not hear from me again for a while . 
  i do n't have enough strength left to deride your ignorant questions and half baked comments about unimportant trivia , or any of the rest of this drivel . 
  sad . 
  some background on me , i was born in the remote village of habibi in the outskirts of djibouti to an albanian prostitute where i was raised by an ascetic monk in the azerbaijan mountains before moving to croatia at the age of 5 . at the age of 15 i was conscripted into the croatian military where i served as a janitorial technician in iran . 
  after moving to florida at 19 , i followed my mothers footsteps and roamed the streets as a prostitute , selling blowjobs for 5 bucks.after a brief stint in rehab , i turned my life around and became a personal trainer . 
  in the past several years i 've hunted with the indigenous tribes of sri lanka , found 3 previously unknown star clusters with nothing more than my grandmothers magnifying glass , some ducktape and tinfoil and and have had a statue erected in honor of me in uzbekistan for peace negotiatians with the native titthibhalad tribe . 
  how about you ? 
  alright , you dumb fucking americans . 
  both left-wings and right-wings . 
  the right-wings tend to view all muslims as terrorists . 
  while the left-wings blindly replies with `` not all terrorists are muslim '' . 
  now , you dumb fucks want to know how to spot a fucking terrorist out of the billion fucking muslims ? 
  simple as fuck . 
  islam have several groups of believers . 
  those groups believe different parts of the qu ` ran . 
  ill just mention the two biggest groups nao , who make up about 75 % of muslim groups . 
  now , the sunni muslims ... those guys are way moar peaceful than any christian fucking group you 'll ever find . 
  they believe in love and all that bullshit . 
  and their countries are n't complete fucking chaotic . 
  saudi-arabia , the united arab emirates . . all ruled by sunnis . 
  and , the shia muslims ... 
  the shias believe in holy war . 
  it does not fucking matter if the shia muslim is a 12 year old girl or a 60 year old man . 
  they believe the same parts of the qu ` ran . 
  they believe every non-muslim deserves death .
