  whoops , you 're right . 
  fixed . 
  if i recall correctly , eu has no laws regarding what happens should a region secede . 
  i suppose they could be immediately admitted into eu , but since this requires unanimous support , the country from which it secedes could block this . 
  i 'm not sure how this would work with flanders and wallonia though , since there would be no belgium to inherit the membership , not to mention the fact that brussels , as an european capital and a special region within belgium would probably become a free city under direct control of eu . 
  [ close enough . 
  what is [ armenia ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2f/flag_of_armenia.svg/600px-flag_of_armenia.svg.png ) doing in here ? 
  and the [ flag of teke people ] ( http://i.imgur.com/gpcnh3k.png ) . 
  i 've traced the head of a teke wooden statue , it seems that they 're somehow traditional . 
  for tricolour , i used a similar colour scheme to gabon and rep. of kongo . 
  the third location i got was somewhere i 've already been . 
  i missed 30 metres . 
  nope , that 's austria and denmark . 
  latvia was n't a member country yet then . 
  is that perito moreno glacier from argentina in swedish flag ? 
  stop being a newfag . 
  did n't vandals establish their kingdom in north africa after the migration of germanic peoples ? 
  i think josef fritzl also felt sorry for what he did . 
  it 's just shame kicking in , and it 's normal to be ashamed of what you have done after you get caught . 
  the real question is was he hot ? 
  if he 's hot then it 's fine ... what girl would n't like that ? 
  if he 's ugly and fat then hell no !!!!!!!, 
  put his ass in jail !!, 
  she gave birth to a child . 
  you ca n't hide that . 
  if a child was n't born , she would probably not confess at all . 
  whoa . 
  stuff like this happens this often ? 
  i truly did n't expect that . 
  [ dragonforce - my spirit will go on ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfpehqdzzow ), 
  uptempo retro video game style guitar riffing , and then - bam !, 
  - '' * life is a misery , do n't know how it 's come to be / death , the epitome of all of our days * '' . 
  sinister lyrics continue , but the music only gets more and more upbeat . 
  you know what i mean if you played guitar hero . 
  it 's nice to see that someone else also puts so much work into creating planets . 
  i hope you can finish this - i always got interrupted by something else , and slowly forgot about it ... 
  i have some planets in works now for last three years , and i 'd like to finally finish them . 
  i 'll post the results here when there 'll be something worth showing . 
  there is also one thing i am currently considering - it may be easier to work with cubic maps instead of equirectangular . 
  you get rid of polar distortion ; and distortion on vertices is much smaller . 
  keep up the good work !, 
  for a moment i thought that section 3 on that article said `` cunt and his successors '' . 
  mandalf . 
  even if it happens , we 're gon na see a younger gandalf . 
  `` ol\u00f3rin i was in my youth in the west that is forgotten . '', 
  i always fapped to my imagination . 
  ended up with terrible one-itis . 
  is he really a brick ? 
  or is he a cylinder and can just walk through that door sideways ? 
  surprise takeover, 
  i guess it 's an ex-yugoslavia thing . 
  speaking from my experience , terrible designs get selected all the time in slovenia . 
  it 's because the designer is a friend of a relative of someone , and has to win the contest . 
  [ this is how our olympic team in london was dressed for the ceremony . 
  ] ( http://blog.fplus.si/wp-content/uploads/2012/07/slo_olimpijci.jpg ) note how the fit is terrible ( it fits nobody right ) , and the colours look cheap . 
  the designer was someone who never appeared anywhere as a clothing designer . 
  he apparently got selected because of connections . 
  i did a reverse google image search of the symbol in the middle . 
  apparently it 's the flag of [ musqueam people . 
  full moon does n't rise at midnight though . 
  do n't take it too personal . 
  i like what you did , but it bothers me ; just like watching a movie with terrible physics that ca n't wok bothers me ( like in star wars where all planets have same time of day at the same time ) . 
  you live somewhere far up north , right ? 
  because the moon is full when it 's opposite the sun , so it rises when the sun sets and vice versa . 
  you should check your latin alphabet privilege, 
  b-b-b-but ... this is physically impossible , right ? 
  he would be insane by then , right ? 
  he must be lying about it . 
  also , i always found it ridiculous how here in slovenia they 're showing the poor that were affected the most by the financial crisis on tv , talking about how they do n't even have enough money to buy their food , and they 're all fat . 
  yes , i 'm saying fat as in having large deposits of fat . 
  i 'm surprised he does n't have the link to [ the fedora lounge ] ( http://www.thefedoralounge.com/ ) . 
  yes , similar to how most koreans are kim or lee . 
  how do you take popular content from 4chan , if they have no rating system , and majority of posts are not suitable for general population anyway ? 
  this is like saying that / fit / is not part of 4chan because it 's not a shithole like / b / or / v / ... oh wait , it is . 
  ( source : i spend as much time on 4chan as on reddit ), 
  this was discussed so many times ... 
  there are multiple reasons . 
  the ring would easily corrupt the eagles , which would mean instant failure . 
  flying to mordor is n't as stealthy as the fellowship wants to travel . 
  as long as mordor is at full strength , it would be unwise and suicidal to do so . 
  eagles can not fly distances that long while carrying people - in the hobbit , they have to take turns carrying the dwarves , if i recall correctly . 
  a bigger question would be why did n't aragorn march the dead men of dunharrow directly into mordor , since they 're invincible , as there is no real reason why this would n't work - even though this would mean that minas tirith would be burned to the ground . 
  torus is very easily mapped and it has no poles , unlike sphere . 
  i like how it 's called idm - intelligent dance music , when it 's neither intelligent , made for dancing , nor music . 
  because [ h ] is apparently used on gonewild to mean [ h ] ermaphrodite ? 
  til . 
  ... you can draw it and scan it ( or take a photo ) . 
  simple as that . 
   still have nice beach ~ ~ es ~ ~ i guess !, 
  ftfy, 
  adopted on october 25 , 2001 , the flag has four colours : blue , green , and two shades of yellow ( slightly darker shade for the sun ) . 
  the blue band represents happiness and peace , the yellow band symbolizes economic development , and the green band symbolizes the hope of prosperity . 
  the sun represents enlightenment . 
  the flag was changed because of the genocide in 1994 to symbolize progress to brighter future and to avoid any connotations to the atrocities committed . 
  i guess his wife has something to explain ... 
  they also say , `` you ca n't spell funeral without fun '' . 
  come on , we all know that all rednecks do is hate on gays . 
  and sometimes marry cousins and own guns . 
  most of them also look distinctly argentine with the colour palette , and sometimes the sun too - this one is kind of an exception , though ( along with rio negro and misiones ) . 
  it depends .
