  that 's how you lower the orbit , you apply force reciprocal to the direction of orbital motion . 
  since the object in orbit no longer has enough speed to maintain height , it starts falling down . 
  in order for the orbiting object to collide with sun ( with radius 700.000 km ) starting from the orbital distance of earth ( 150.000.000 km ) , you need to push the object into a highly elliptical , near-freefall orbit . 
  downvoted , as you wished , you bundle of sticks . 
  i hope you can at least check your privilege . 
  you googled that , right ? 
  my real name is actually [ ( h \u2083 c ) \u2082 n-c \u2086 h \u2084 - n = n-c \u2086 h \u2084 - so \u2083 ] \u207b na \u207a , but that would be even more unpronounceable . 
  sodium 4 - [ ( 4-dimethylamino ) phenyldiazenyl ] benzenesulfonate is , frankly , too long for reddit to handle . 
  he seems to have more than just foot fetish ... 
  because my comment was intended to be [ 10 ] guy . 
  i just did n't want to use the macro because ( 1 ) it is obvious and ( 2 ) there is no need to overdo it ( it 's overused anyway ) . 
  i did n't ask for this ... 
   girls are bitches, 
  ftfy, 
  eyes of noctum split up already . 
  he is the vocalist of [ arsh anubis ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=drmgcdn1vow ) now . 
  it takes a special kind of lesbian to channel their lack of attraction to men into a political cause to serve as an excuse for man-hating . 
  it takes a special kind of slob to channel their fat rolls into a political cause to serve as an excuse for unhealthy lifestyle . 
  tumblr . 
  edit : or maybe not . 
  let it be ex-pain . 
  just because bitch = female dog . 
  yes , i admit that i circlejerked there ... 
  i just thought that the title simply asks for this pun to be included . 
  in the 19th century , there was no universal standard way to tie a tie . 
  the seal fit the working-class symbolism quite well though . 
  i 'd keep the design but change it into a yugoslav republic style emblem with corn instead of wheat , and possibly a star on top . 
  he was drunk . 
  i hope that explains it . 
  at least i did n't put the punchline in title . 
  you forgot to write `` pic related '' though . 
  this is from / pol / . 
  [ like this ? 
  perhaps for the first year or so , but then we 'd get used to it and would n't even notice it that much . 
  not to mention all the fatties . 
  i 'm not sure we want to see this . 
  bailey jay looks terribly unattractive to me though . 
  it 's as if he actually looks female just because he puts on so much makeup , and since makeup = woman , some people are actually tricked . 
  though i know a lot of girls that look just as manly . 
  but this is n't really relevant , 'cause they 're ugly anyway . 
  the slavic endonym , `` slov\u011bni '' , is quite likely derived from the word `` slovo '' ( meaning `` word '' ) . 
  so , `` slov\u011bni '' are the people who speak in words , and `` n\u011bmci '' ( from `` n\u011bm\u044a '' ) are the people who are mute ( speak in mumbling ) - foreigners . 
  this word was mostly used for germanic peoples , so it eventually turned into the name for germany . 
  the words `` slov\u011bni '' was borrowed into byzantine greek as `` sklabenoi '' , which is very similar to the word for a slave `` sklaboi '' , so it is possible that the word `` slave '' is actually derived from the word `` slov\u011bni '' , since a lot of slavs were enslaved by the byzantines . 
  i understood that referation . 
  they do n't come out during the day . 
  since they move to the brightest light around , they are attracted to the sun during the day and they generally do n't stay close to the ground . 
  when it 's dark , the sun is out and mosquitoes and moths are attracted to lesser lights . 
  the moon does n't work , because moonlight is of wrong colour . 
  insects see a different spectrum of light , so the moon is essentially black to them . 
  this is also how mosquitoes find humans , because they see the heat our bodies radiate . 
  it 's like natural nightvision . 
  vanadium is the masterrace metal . 
  anything is better with some vanadium added . 
  add just a little bit of it to steel and it gets stronger . 
  add it to titanium to make even better alloys . 
  add it to galium to make superconducting magnets for up to 17.5 tesla . 
  / r/hodor, 
  retarded comes from the latin verb retardo , which means to slow down . 
  i think this should make it a perfectly acceptable term , but apparently not everyone understands enough latin ... 
  do n't worry , i think we have now started a trend of batman flags ... 
  it 's about physics . 
  if one portal would be stationary and the other moving , and since you exit the other portal with the same momentum , this allows for two interpretations , both lead into a paradox :, 
  momentum is conserved in portal respective frame . 
  this would mean that you would exit the moving portal with your portal entering velocity + portal movement velocity , which would mean that you increased momentum in all other frames , since the velocity has increased . 
  but this is against the conservation of momentum , because no external force changed your velocity . 
  momentum is conserved in all observation frames . 
  this would mean that you exit the moving portal with the same velocity as you entered the stationary one . 
  but if the moving portal is moving faster than you are entering the stationary end , you would n't ever exit the portal . 
  that would be against the conservation of mass , because if someone closes the portal after you entered , and you can not exit it , you would effectively disappear . 
  in order to work , both ends must be stationary in one frame of reference - or in other words , they must not move relative to each other . 
  edit : changed inertia to momentum . 
  made a stupid mistake - that 's what happens when you study physics in a language other than english . 
  extra explanation for non-parallel portals , portals moving perpendicular to their orientation and changes in potential : non-parallel portals and potential changing portals work because space itself is curved . 
  also , if the one portal is at higher level than another , one would just expect that because of change in pressure , there would be wind blowing out of it . 
  potential energy is not a real energy , just like how centrifugal force is not a real force - potential energy just means that gravity can exert some work on the body . 
  in case of perpendicularly moving portals , there is a special case , because force perpendicular to movement does not exert any work , which means that you can not take energy from the portal ( thus closing it ) simply by passing through it . 
  nope , it 's definitely liberia . 
  ## more like \u2584 \u2584 \u2580 \u2580 \u2580 \u2580 \u2580 \u2580 \u2580 \u2580 \u2584 \u2584 \u2584 \u2584 \u2584 \u2584 , amirite ? 
  it shows that it feels good , and that it is very tempting ... the reason why we 're doing nofap is deeper than just denying ourselves that pleasure . 
  it 's the choice between getting a quick dopamine rush and feel good for a while , and working hard to accomplish something greater , that you can be proud of . 
  the point is , what they 're doing is wrong and they know it . 
  but , when you 're feeling down , it 's better to get yourself together than to go for the easy pleasure - whether it is drugs or pmo . 
  i think you 're supposed to link that with the beginning . 
  they experience a failure , therefore they masturbate . 
  do n't do that . 
  it is a bit vague though . 
  wow . 
  both cover and title sound more like live recording dvd than an actual studio album . 
  i have no idea what to expect . 
  in my opinion , paedophilia in its essence is no worse than , say , homosexuality . 
  it gets bad when you become that creepy guy in a trenchcoat that stalks children ( which is bad to the same level as that flamboyant gay who obviously wants to plow you ) , and absolutely unacceptable when he actually molests children ( which is comparable to getting raped by a gay guy in the ass in some dark street ) . 
  the difference is that you can be homosexual and have a normal relationship ( and consensual sex ) , but there is no way a paedophile can do this . 
  kiribati has 13 ... 
  the city of kings . '', 
  such brutality ... 
  if this was in some other subreddit , it would require nsfw tag for excessive gore . 
  i do n't think / r/seduction has that good advice . 
  yes , you will get women with it , but to me it seems that you can only get easy women for casual sex . 
  which may be what you 're going for , but if you want a serious relationship , using the same technique is a no-go .
