   pick one, 
  / r/facepalm, 
  yeah , let 's make a team . 
  we 're building a starship by 2023 , then we ascend into immortality by 2050 . 
  sounds fair ? 
  that was in civ 3 actually . 
  dragonland - beethoven 's nightmare, 
  gamma ray - beyond the black hole, 
  celesty - new sin, 
  blind guardian - mirror mirror, 
  hibria - tiger punch, 
  galneryus - silent revelation, 
  dark moor - the night of the age ( female vocals ), 
  sabaton - in the army now ( cover ), 
  edit : [ this cover of i kissed a girl ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vil-s82_lm0 ) could fit for both female vocals and cover song , but i 'm not sure if it really counts because it 's not made by an actual band . 
  please tell me that the [ right side of her face ] ( http://i.imgur.com/qlu1fb1.jpg ) also has makeup applied . 
  otherwise i call bullshit . 
  you should include a fagot ( aka bassoon ) solo . 
  wow , finally a greentext that does n't have an obvious ending . 
  i actually had to read it twice to get it . 
  do n't forget the little fanservice scene in chapter 7 . 
   after that , they stopped pleading . 
  then they took off their clothes and bathed in the river , which was shallow and clear and stony at the ford . 
  when they had dried in the sun , which was now strong and warm , they were refreshed , if still sore and a little hungry . 
  that 's the most hilarious event of any war ever i know of . 
  [ album with pics here ] ( http://online.wsj.com/article/sb10001424127887323735604578438991214442794.html ), 
  i was about to consider posting that i prefer the natural look , only to later remember that a horde of women with low self esteem will hunt me down and downvote the shit out of my honest opinion . 
  i do n't know what exactly you mean by looks , but part of it is also how a girl presents herself , therefore reflecting her personality . 
  the way she is dressed , how much makeup she wears , her gestures ... 
  so , while those traits definitely go under looks , they are quite heavily influenced by personality . 
  linguists are actually those that care the least about what is right and what is wrong . 
  instead , they ( or should i say we ? 
  i 'm not an actual linguist , but am interested in liguistics ... ) study the peculiarities of living language as opposed to the dead and rigid form of standardized language . 
  it does , it 's called [ ball 's pyramid ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ball's_pyramid ) and is located somewhere between australia and new zealand . 
  just one hour is not enough . 
  if i have a chance , i 'll at least do it properly . 
  so i guess you were just patiently waiting to grow up so they can finish the movie ? 
  the 12 year old you surely was comfortable with the idea of yourself having sex , right ? 
  [ relevant ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t-ta57l0kuc ), 
  / r/earthporn, 
  nope , this is neil degrasse tyson , the photo confirming his divinity . 
  i do n't know what you did about it , but i googled who the fuck chris kelly was . 
   implying the second kind of fedora wearers do n't think they 're same as first kind, 
  edit : to clarify : any kind of fedora wearer would be implying that he 's the first kind , so it does n't really make a difference . 
  link was already violet , you numbnut, 
  this is older than the stegosaurus they found in the hill next to my town three years ago, 
  also , this is cancer and op is a faggot, 
   looks at me like she 's adele and i just shat on her cheesecake, 
  nice one, 
  it 's greek , not latin . 
  just one thing - the three stars on the coa of slovenia are taken from the coa of the counts of celje - the only really influential medieval noble family from slovenia . 
  as such , this flag design just does n't feel representative of whole country , like the flags of croatia and serbia . 
  i can imagine archaeologists debating whether the jefferson and lincoln memorials were actual worship places . 
  they actually mimic the ancient temples . 
  myself coming from europe , it was actually incomprehensible why would someone build such monuments to presidents . 
  i get the statues of statesmen and event memorials , but it just felt over the top to me . 
   feel ashamed for liking it, 
  implying we like it . 
  some of us prefer smaller boobs though , so you can never really be perfect for everyone ... 
  better . 
  actually , it 's a really nice and unique design . 
  also , there was a contest in 2003 for designing the new flag and coa of slovenia , but most of the proposals looked just weird . 
  there are also people atheists from birth , with atheist upbringing and everything , who never change and mock religion all the time . 
  i know some of them . 
  it is so bad that even mentioning the concept of god in conversation makes them frown and accuse me of trolling and going out of topic . 
  it is just weird . 
  actually , i do n't believe in god either . 
  that 's why i find this kind of closed-mindedness strange . 
  i live in europe , yes ( slovenia , to be precise ) , and most religious people are more accepting of different opinions . 
  i guess my experience of religion and atheism is vastly different from the american one . 
  the conversation usually goes so that they start mocking religious people for believing something that is not empirically measurable , and also automatically assume that i , even though i 'm an atheist , mean the literal biblical god when i talk about concept of god . 
  ( christians that i know are much more open about what god is ) the problem that i see is that they ( and atheists ) assume that human reason is absolute - which is debatable . 
  yeah , i guess i am a bit too outspoken about my opinion , because i feel like i 'm in an ignored minority . 
  was not disappointed . 
  the moon is not that big , but the crater is still huge , 139km across with 5km high walls . 
  [ mare orientale ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/d5/mareorientale_lunarorbiter4_c1.jpg ) on moon is much bigger ; with three ( ! ), 
  crater rims , the outermost being 930km in diameter . 
  it is not really visible from earth because it lies on the edge of the near side . 
  [ caloris basin ( only half of it is pictured ) ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/75/caloris_basin_labeled.png ) on mercury is even bigger , being 1550km in diameter , but is not so prominent . 
  yes ... 
  i 'm actually planning to make a submission for this month 's contest based on the flag of slovenia . 
  a bit different though . 
  til, 
  i 'm saving this ( and the other one ) for later use . 
  this is golden . 
  i 'm 19 , from slovenia . 
  i 'd say around 5 % , and 1 % when i take personality into account . 
  i guess my standards are way too high . 
  i think he may have accidentally a word . 
   guy + girl in one pic, 
  why am i not surprised that this is missing ? 
  just wait for this to get reposted to 9gag . 
  those stories never work irl . 
  we all know that girls do n't poop . 
  i know , i just like to misuse it , 
  let me help you, 
  i seriously doubt the chinese one . 
  edit : and burkina faso . 
  i actually checked the wikipedia on this one , infant mortality is actually `` only '' 7,83 % . 
  those are bullshit .
