  itt : men countering the popular opinion . 
  it 's kind of a hobby here on reddit . 
  we need to go deeper . 
  i know what the jack by definition is . 
  i also know that the naval jack of slovenia is different from the other flags of slovenia . 
  but this is like saying that the flag of usa should not be called the star-spangled banner because it 's not a banner , but a flag . 
  it 's a common name , and the fact that it has the word `` jack '' included , does n't automatically make it a jack . 
  saying union flag would be , of course , more semantically correct . 
  well , in my case , sharing the fact that i do not use porn is n't a hassle . 
  you forgot `` most relevant '' . 
  you can request the flair , just [ send a message to the mods ] ( http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2fr%2fvexillology ) . 
  and hope that you get it soon . 
  i also checked the [ complete flair list ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/vexillology/wiki/flair ) , if it was there , you could just send them the code . 
  yes , but it 's also one of the nicknames for the american flag . 
  actually , the anthem was named after one particular flag that carried that name : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/star_spangled_banner_flag, 
  needs more comic sans . 
  and a seal . 
   slovenia is not included, 
  perhaps we 're the whitest ones after all !, 
  my father taught me how to throw up when riding a bike home from a party without stopping . 
  luckily , i never had to use this technique yes . 
  19m here . 
  i do not consider women equal to men . 
  this , however , does n't mean that either men or women are better than the others . 
  both men and women are an integral part of humanity , complementing each other , and none is better or more important . 
  the fact that we 're not equal does n't mean that we ca n't be regarded as equally worthy or important . 
  so , i believe in equal rights , but not equality . 
  what i do consider problematic is the fact that we actually want to make men and women equal . 
  the fact that we 're biologically different makes our nature different , and this is antithetical to the concept of equality - just like you can not make all colours of the spectrum equal , even though they 're all equally important . 
  the blue star in the centre does n't work very well because of the contrast . 
  it 's also against the rule of tincture - metal ( i.e. 
  yellow and white ) should not be put on metal , nor colour ( i.e. 
  red , blue , green , black , purple ) on colour . 
  ( main reason for this rule is to keep the colours contrasted ), 
  i 'd consider adding yellow outline to the star , to make it more distinguished . 
  that way , it could also be a bit bigger , as it would n't overlay with the blue in the stripes . 
  other than that , it 's a nice design . 
  the colours work well together as a nordic cross . 
  edit : [ perhaps like this ? 
  i had to check if i was in / r/circlejerk . 
  that north korea is actually an utopia and we 're being deceived by american propaganda to think they live miserably . 
  you need to keep it in mouth for about a minute ( which is hard though ) . 
  it releases full flavour then . 
  also , you need to eat it in small quantities . 
  just for taste . 
  the only way i think this could work is to make male breeders-only minority ( perhaps as small as only 10 % ) . 
  otherwise , this situation is unstable , because males make for better warriors because they do n't need to bear children , so they need to be to valuable to become warriors . 
  i 'd say make females warriors first , and once they get older , they settle down and become mothers . 
  this also causes some kind of `` natural selection '' - only those that survive , i.e. 
  strong and valuable warriors can have children . 
  society probably should n't be monogamous , because males are in minority - i suppose that adult males should n't settle down with a family and just try to father as many children as possible . 
  otherwise , i see that you just realized why it 's always the males that are the warriors and hunters in all societies , and consequently also usually the ones in power . 
  there is no way this could work in humans as we are now . 
  well , you could just put the stars all over the cross , like [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5lxlrfx.png ) . 
  do n't know how to include the stripes , though . 
  ca n't place them horizontally because 13 is odd number , and vertically they look off . 
  this does n't have as much to do with physiology as with the way reproduction works . 
  even if women were larger and stronger than men , reproduction would still be a setback in humans . 
  actually , the differences between the sexes are set so exactly because of the way reproduction works . 
  not just because they are set so . 
  if you change that system , however , the whole game changes . 
  he is mi . 
  not really , but you can get many different countries :, 
  * white-red-blue : none, 
  * white-blue-red : russia ; with coat of arms : slovenia , slovakia, 
  * red-white-blue : netherlands , luxembourg ; with coat of arms : croatia , paraguay ; subnational with coat of arms : missouri, 
  * red-blue-white : serbia, 
  * blue-white-red : none ; formerly : yugoslavia ; subnational : schleswig-holstein, 
  * blue-red-white : none ; ethnic : sorbs, 
  and the chinese employ people to upvote their content . 
  we ca n't win this game ... 
  wow op i think you found the only font that is faggier than comic sans . 
  [ this guy from 4chan agrees with you . 
  so repost, 
  forgot to checke, 
  wow, 
  yeah , the old turkmen one was better in my opinion ... 
  edit : i decided to give it a try and combine the two ; to both retain the appearance of the old one and get rid of the most strikingly communist symbolism , similar to how uzbekistan and tajikistan did : http://i.imgur.com/mghpbvx.png, 
  this is a great idea !, 
  this sub really needs something to get active . 
  / r/vexillology is quite active ( and also has 10 times the amount of subscribers ) and has those monthly contests . 
  if we start an interactive project , this sub may be able to get going . 
  unfortunately , i 'll be having less free time now , as i 'm starting the university tomorrow ... 
  actually , it is, 
   ftm + mtf = confused straight, 
   mtf + mtf = confused gay, 
  courtesy of / pol /, 
  when this was a trend ( which i helped start ... ) , i made a flag for the us too ; but i changed the field with stars so it had 25 stars each ( 50 altogether ) : http://i.imgur.com/y2woway.png, 
  i also realized that it already has 13 stripes ; 6 vertical in each field , and the big diagonal all over the flag . 
  besides the fact that they 're made by amateurs that do n't know much about graphic design , i think the main problem is that they are made to be representative . 
  and when you do n't know much about symbolism , all you can do is draw a map , put some text , and maybe add a drawing of something relevant to the county . 
  if those amateurs instead tried to make nice flags , they probably could come up with better looking ideas , but they would n't really represent the county in any sense - they 'd be just a random design that a county happens to use as a flag . 
  this is actually quite terrible . 
  every single flag wants to get some enlightened message across , and the designs are terrible . 
  also , they managed to post palau 's flag without knowing it ; it just says `` freedom is sunshine '' under description . 
  13 downboats ? 
  wtf why are people such homophobes that they downfloat this ? 
   [ s4s ] - shitposting general, 
  also , nice samefagging, 
  i think rules 1 and 2 apply in such cases .
