  carantania , vassal to bavaria : hotimir, 
  also , his son and successor , leo iv the khazar :, 
   leo was the son of emperor constantine v by his first wife , irene of khazaria ( \u00c7i\u00e7ek ) . 
   he was crowned co-emperor by his father in 751 . 
  leo was betrothed to gisela , daughter of pepin `` the short '' but the contract was broken . 
  leo then married irene , an athenian from a noble family , in december 769 . 
   leo iv was raised as an iconoclast under his father but was married to irene , an iconodule . 
  same goes with suomenusko , tengri , and different branches of slavic paganism . 
  in general , pagan religions in the game are far from being monolithic . 
  they 're a set of different , yet compatible beliefs . 
  which is exactly why you need to reform the paganism to turn it into an organized religion . 
  i think it 's weird to reform tengri , since half of tengri area is out of bounds in tarim basin , mongolia and siberia . 
  well , you can play as charlemagne . 
  yes , he was the fifth abbasid caliph . 
  this could be the [ kurdish flag ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/3/35/flag_of_kurdistan.svg/1200px-flag_of_kurdistan.svg.png ) , considering recent events in iraq . 
  no , i 'm saying they 're an umbrella term for various local beliefs . 
  also , perhaps i should n't say different branches , it 's just that different slavic tribes had somewhat different traditions . 
  for example , kresnik only appears as the sun god in alpine slavic tradition , where he 's actually considered the chief deity , instead of perun . 
  but perun , and svarog , are both also part of alpine slavic pantheon , so it 's not just a different name for one of them . 
  al-rashid simply means `` the just '' . 
  nah , they 'll include it in later update , even if they forgot to add it now , just like they did with jewish semien in ethiopia . 
  i 'm going to copypaste my repliy from another thread ... 
   the `` frankish '' culture in this trailer is different colour than the `` frankish '' culture in the current game . 
  a colour that is close to the `` german '' culture one , so i assume same culture group . 
  so i guess there 's a trigger for a culture drift similar to how normans and english are handled , which generates `` french '' culture ( or whatever it 's named ) . 
  i personally think the german culture should be split , perhaps to bavarian , alemannic , and thuringian . 
  note that central germanic culture group currently only has german as a culture . 
  saxon is going to be west germanic , just like dutch , anglo-saxon and english , based on their colour . 
  i knew it is genetic . 
  i was once in a situation ( playing chandela from tog start ) where i had one son with ugly from a concubine after two daughters . 
  when he was about two i see that my wife plots to murder him . 
  i was , like , fine , i 'll get a better son , let it happen . 
  some twenty years later , still only one son , but 9 daughters . 
  i completely forgot about the plot . 
  then , bam , the event fires , and my only son was killed . 
  well , he was ugly , so no damage done , right ? 
  at least i managed to marry 8 of my daughters matrilineally to various heirs or claimants all over india . 
  including marrying my firstborn daughter to firstborn son of pratihara heir . 
  though i wanted to spread my dynasty , not my realm , that game ... 
  * caesar * was spelled * \u039a\u03b1\u03b9\u03c3\u03b1\u03c1 * ( * kaisar * ) in greek . 
  and * kaiser-i-hind * was used by british monarchs as emperors of india . 
  those almost 4 minutes add up to a full day in exactly one year . 
  nope !, 
  the reason is that as earth moves around the sun , the position of sun relative to earth changes . 
  it makes one full circle around the earth in opposite direction in one year . 
  this apparent movement of sun around the earth subtracts one day from the equation . 
  the earth needs to spin a little bit more than 360 \u00b0 for one full day . 
  so , it takes 23:56 for earth to make 360 \u00b0 spin , but 24:00 for one day , because the sun has moved a bit further forward , relative to the earth . 
  oh yes , of course . 
  completely forgot about this approximation . 
   since degress are derived from the number of days in a year anyway, 
  i think this is more a coincidence . 
  it 's more likely based on babylonian 60-base system and the fact that you can fit exactly six chords the length of radius around a circle . 
  but it does fit closely enough that some calendars used 12 30-day months , and added an extra leap month when necessary . 
  the title was invented for queen victoria in 1876 , by gottlieb wilhelm leitner , a linguist and orientalist . 
  so he was a native german speaker , but his reasoning was that the term existed in hindi and urdu , and that it was derived from name of caesar . 
  the mughals used the persian term badishah in their title , and the british wanted to use an equivalent native alternative . 
  poe 's law , man . 
  also , there are 100 % serious threads on / pol / as well . 
  happening threads can be quite fun ( i liked the ukraine ones , because i 'm a slav ) . 
  then you always have some guys discussing ideologies , or history . 
  and , since this is 4chan , you have about 50 % shitposts . 
  g-guys ? 
  s-s-s-skele-skeletons are n't real , right ? 
  i do n't really see america as that mixed . 
  there 's a strong ethnic identity present in america ( you have irish americans , italian americans , greek americans , etc. ), 
  and endogamy , while not strict , was common . 
  i think that anyone who understands racial genetics also understands that it 's definitely not the skin hue phenotype that matters the most . 
  most of / pol / considers somalis and ethiopians as caucasian . 
  the only way to get a `` pure '' race would be to isolate a population and let it do the genetic drift over some ten thousand years of time . 
  principal component analyses of genetic markers show that there indeed are archetypes that could be considered `` races '' . 
  but most populations are mixed , because there never was 100 % isolation ( except perhaps in case of aboriginals ) . 
  southeast asians and east asians are so heavily mixed that there 's a smooth continuum between those two archetypes , and they 're usually regarded as same race because of that , even though the genetic distance between the two is comparable to their distance from europeans . 
  not to mention that subsaharan africans could under those criteria easily be divided into at least four separate races ... 
  [ after the end ] ( http://www.pcgamer.com/2014/08/18/mod-of-the-week-after-the-end-for-crusader-kings-ii/ ) . 
  it 's been posted two or three times in last few days . 
  i think it has quite some potential . 
  it 's paywalled on somethingawful . 
  is that the pope in st. louis ? 
   olegvideo.com, 
  just a typical day in russia . 
  ah , til about the copies . 
  makes sense then . 
  how is this any worse than yosemite sam , who 's a typical short-tempered cowboy-redneck ? 
  because puffy lips and wide nose are just as typical for african americans as brown skin . 
  the musician [ salif keita ] ( http://www.kalamu.com/bol/wp-content/content/images/salif%20keita%2033.jpg ) , for example , is obviously african ( he 's malinese ) , even though he 's albino . 
  looney tunes of course caricaturized that , to fit in animation style . 
  he 's right . 
  leave / v / problems to / v / , i do n't want to see threads about some vidya gurl whore interfering with my daily dose of happening . 
  not a new cool thing , but still no carantanian culture . 
  at least someone who knows brahmic scripts . 
  larger genetic variation does not necessarily more isolated gene pools . 
  a single gene pool can have large genetic variance . 
  but because gene flow inside the gene pool was maintained , there are no distinct sub-clusters . 
  native americans ( `` amerindian race '' ) have very low genetic variance , and they 're genetically close to siberians and east asians ( `` mongolid race '' ) , but since they were completely isolated , they form a distinct group . 
  this is because every gene pool will inevitably have some directed genetic drift over time . 
  population bottlenecks decrease variety within a gene pool , and also accelerate this genetic drift . 
  on contrary , if you have a population that is a single gene flow , genetic drift will also occur , but it will not be directed , it will just cause the gene pool to widen and disperse . 
  the first thing occurred to amerindians , and the second thing occurred in africa with the sahel-guinean-nigerian-bantu population ( usually just called `` negroid race '' , but i do n't like the name because it used to mean the entire diverse subsaharan population ) . 
  i 'm not really sure if they can be considered a monolithic population though , most of the articles i read on genetic diversity between populations involved diversity in eurasia , or global studies with only a small sample of native americans and subsaharan africans for a good measure .
