  there was a whole civilization in amazonia that left almost nothing behind , because it was overgrown by the forest . 
  the first hint that they really existed is the widespread terra preta , produced by fertilizing soil with charcoal and manure . 
  also , following extensive deforestation in amazonia , several large complexes were found that look like cities connected by trade network of roads . 
  pretty fascinating , if you ask me . 
  some archaeologists estimate that up to 20 million people lived in the amazon basin 1000 years ago . 
  i think there should be a small chance of a third ahistorical great courtier appearing . 
  just because alternate history is fun . 
  perhaps he should even be able to spawn somewhere in africa . 
  it would be fun seeing a horde of africans invading the mediterranean . 
  it would also be a bit more plausible than aztec deathstacks crossing the atlantic in middle ages . 
  croatia is missing because this version was made before admission of croatia into the union . 
  [ this version does include croatia . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9d/coat_of_arms_of_the_european_union.svg/500px-coat_of_arms_of_the_european_union.svg.png ), 
  [ there 's also a version i found on deviantart that includes pretty much all ethnic groups of europe . 
  ] ( http://vittoriomatteo.deviantart.com/art/coat-of-arms-of-europe-309388901 ), 
  the personal union ended in 1837 , when king william iv died . 
  the crown of england passed to queen victoria , while because of the salian law , which barred women from succession , the crown of hannover passed to king ernest augustus i. 
  the coat of arms did n't change though , and stayed the same until annexation of the kingdom by prussia in 1866 . 
  the two lions in the inescutcheon represent braunschweig ( brunswick ) , the single lion on a semy of hearts represents l\u00fcneburg ( the two principalities that merged into hannover ) , while the horse is a symbol of the imperial electorate of hannover itself . 
  i 'm not sure what the ininescutcheon represents . 
  we do n't translate belarus into white russia either ... 
  montenegro is another more peculiar example , because most languages use the non-native italian/venetian translation of the name crna gora . 
  talk about overcompensation, 
  i 'm not sure if i should be happy or sad that they forgot slovenia and still include istria . 
  remove strudel remove strudel, 
  you are worst german . 
  you are the german idiot you are the german smell . 
  return to croatioa . 
  to our croatia cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , austria we will never forgeve you . 
  nazi rascal fuck but fuck asshole german stink austra magyar magyar . . german genocide best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead german . . ahahahahahaustria we will get you !!, 
  do not forget ww2 . hungary we kill the king , hungary return to your precious mongolia ... . hahahahaha idiot german and austrian smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove strudel from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  russia + usa + croatia + slovak = kill austria ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in slovenia , tupac making album of slovenia . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink german ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a h\u00fctte, 
  tupac alive numbr one # 1 in slovenia ... . fuck the croatia , . . fuckk ashol germans no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the german farm aminal with rap magic now we the slovena rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and austria wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  slovenia greattst countrey, 
  remember the kne\u017dji kamen dukes of austria was crowned in slovene language until 1414 and all of austrioa spake slovene languag samo was slovene slovenia was the first slavic state he kick frankish ass he killed the avars samo greatest king hahaha you just jealous of our superior heritage you stole our proud alpine slavic traditions your litarally just germn scum shit eating peasants your slaves imported to work on slovene lands because were too proud to work for nazi scum german imperial occupation nobles hahaha half of your surnames are slovene anyway first prezident of austrai name karl zajc karl rabbit how appropriate he was a cowrd for betraying proiud slovene ancesters we will never forget mari aterezija and her education reforms education more like indoctrination into inferior german culture fuck nazi scum slovenia greatest country, 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you little bitch ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated top of my class in the udba , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on clerofascists in diaspora , and i have over 300 unconfirmable kills . 
  i am trained in partizan warfare and i 'm the top saboteur in the entire yugoslav state security service . 
  you are nothing to me but just another target . 
  i will wipe you the fuck out with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with saying that shit to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of spies across europe and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the storm , maggot . 
  the storm that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your life . 
  you 're fucking dead , kid . 
  i can be anywhere , anytime , and i can liquidate you in over seven hundred ways , and that 's just with my political intrigue . 
  not only am i extensively trained in espionage and infiltration , but i have access to the entire membership of the udba and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the continent , you little shit . 
  if only you could have known what unholy retribution your little `` clever '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have held your fucking tongue . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will shit fury all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  i though that global warming would cause more cold water to flow down from the arctic , effectively making the gulf stream weaker , which would mean that england would , on the contrary , cool down ? 
  then winter came and it froze back . 
  luckily , [ tangut script ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tangut_script ) died out after they were run over by genghis khan 's hordes . 
  otherwise we 'd have one more moon rune script to worry about . 
   whereas society says it is strange for some reason for boys to be in pink , play with dolls , have tea parties . 
  i found a way around this . 
  i had tea parties with my dinosaur toys . 
  first , it was meant as a joke . 
  second ... it definitely was n't free of ice in winter . 
  it 's far from being free of ice right now , [ as you can see here ] ( http://nsidc.org/data/seaice_index/ ) . 
  you can also see that arctic ice took a massive hit in the unusually hot years 2002-04 , and is actually slowly recovering since . 
  if you break the data at those three years , the shrinking trend becomes insignificant . 
  nothing shocking , move along . 
  edit : you can scroll through months [ here ] ( http://nsidc.org/data/seaice_index/archives/image_select.html ) . 
  you can see here that 2012 was specifically picked because it sticks out ; there was much more ice coverage in 2011 and 2013 . 
  this is getting lgbtqiawtfbbq levels of ridiculous . 
  in the last eu4 paradox developer multiplayer session ( they stream them on their twitch channel , tuesdays at 15:30 cet ) , aragon ( played by groogy ) had the sole objective of becoming king of gondar . 
  it was quite funny when he started rushing through egypt in the last two sessions . 
  [ high-res , single image , imgur , without 9gag or tumblr watermark . 
  theoretically , what would happen if 9gag was the original source ? 
  would the internet collapse itself ? 
  i like how the last three are all urraca . 
  as if you character could n't come up with a name and just said fuck it . 
  boys become men when they turn into servile pusillanimous invertebrates . 
  ... at least spell it as it should be spelled ; lo\u00f0br\u00f3k !, 
  provinces in dalmatia change name when they 're held by south slavs ( i think , i only did it with croatia ) : zara  zadar , spalato  split , ragusa  dubrovnik . 
  spelling \u00f0 as d is much better than spelling \u00fe as p , though . 
  i mean , it technically is a kind of d , it 's derived from insular letter d ( \ua77a ) with a stroke added , similar to \u0111 in croatian . 
  [ pope joan ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pope_joan ) , is that you ? 
  also , nazis are usually more opposed to the jewry as an ethnic group than as a religion . 
  one of the reasons hitler argued that jews need to be removed quickly was that they have started abandoning their traditions and infiltrating ( and thus corrupting ) good germanics . 
  that 's why anti-miscegenation laws were put in order and they only went back to the greatgrandparents ; before the 19th century jews in europe mostly married internally . 
  i think one thing should be added on the map : the kanem empire in modern day chad . 
  they were islamised in 1068-1085 , so that would make 1066 an interesting starting point ( with hummay of sefuwa dynasty starting with a claim to wage war on the title ) . 
  they also traded with tripolitania in the north ( another link with mediterranean ) , and they would be placed in-between mali and abyssinia on the map . 
  actually , science is n't able to prove anything . 
  science is all about making hypotheses and theories and then testing them . 
  if conclusions of the theory agree with observation , the theory is taken for granted . 
  there is no hard proof as there is in maths present . 
  take , for example , newtonian mechanics . 
  newton , galileo , kepler and others have `` proved '' through experiments and observations that f = ma , and that the action-reaction law holds true . 
  maxwell then unified electricity and magnetism into one force , but this broke galilean transformations of space , which state that there 's no difference between a moving and stationary frame of reference regarding physical laws .
