  the coat of arms itself is not described with a blazon though , it 's geometrically constructed ; also , the stylized triglav mountain is the main reason why it 's usually not considered heraldic . 
  though , in a broader sense , it would still fall under heraldry , even though it 's a modern interpretation of what heraldry is . 
  that 's true ... unfortunately , prekmurje ( transmurania ? ), 
  and the littoral do n't have any recognisable symbols , while i just ca n't think of a way to meaningfully incorporate carinthia ( besides , only a small part of carinthia is a part of slovenia ) . 
  it does cover [ most of slovenia ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8c/borders_of_the_historical_habsburgian_lands_in_the_republic_of_slovenia.png ) , though ( regions 2 and 4 ) . 
  i 'll probably post on / r/slovenia when i know what to do with the flag , so i post both together . 
  as for now , i ca n't think of a design i 'm happy with . 
   i 'm 5 ' 1, 
  manlet detected, 
   womanlet detected, 
  you happy now, 
  i heard it was a 4chan prank , but honestly i 've seen freebleeding posts months before the 4chan guys decided to take a troll ride . 
  meh , i 'd prefer to have changing stations separate , from both men 's and women 's restrooms . 
  poor denmark . 
  lose out on space ? 
  i would n't say so . 
  a changing station still takes up space , even if it 's in the same room ; also , if it 's in separate unisex room , only one needs to be added ( assuming only one is needed ) , not one for each restroom . 
  [ needs more jpeg . 
  what i 'm wondering is how to pronounce ixzi . 
  you missed british north america ... in chile . 
  i do n't know . 
  but you know what they say , that it 's [ hip to be square ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lb5ykmjaldg ) , so it does n't matter . 
  you know what makes me mad ? 
  drawing a simple pencil sketch of a landscape , then realising that even though it 's more intricate than most art shown at exhibitions , i will never be able to make big money from it , well , because i do n't have a title of an academic artist , am not a member of a repressed minority , and because i do n't know people that would push me into exhibitions . 
  that 's what makes me mad . 
  his arms spaghetti, 
  my argument exactly . 
  i thought the country balls instead of flags are a bit odd . 
  i may be biased , but i think slovenia would rank quite high as well ... we 're small though . 
  i only had three lower incisors as a child . 
  i have full set now as an adult though , but it was quite painful growing four teeth in place of only three . 
  also , the large glacial lakes in italian alps are quite similar to fjords - [ lake garda ] ( http://www.fotosimagenes.org/imagenes/lago-de-garda-4.jpg ) and [ lake como ] ( http://www.italia.it/fileadmin/src/img/cluster_gallery/laghi/como/_0000_veduta-del-lago-di-como.jpg ) . 
  he actually released one album two times , with different arrangements ... half of the songs are the same actually . 
  so brave, 
  the tittle ( dot on i and j ) was invented because it made sentences like * mimi numinum niuium minimi munium nimium uini muniminum imminui uiui minimum uolunt * ( `` the smallest mimes of the gods of snow do not wish at all in their life that the great duty of the defences of the wine be diminished '' ) legible . 
  ahem ... most of nerve endings in penis are in the foreskin , so your sentence is true only if the guy is circumcised actually . 
  * azure , an imperial eagle regardant with wings inverted resting on thunderbolts or . 
  does anyone remember what the skies looked like before the plants started saturating the atmosphere with chemicals ? 
  the `` normalization of drinking milk '' actually is a bit problematic , though . 
  my father insists that drinking milk is healthy and drinks it every morning , even though it 's obvious that he 's lactose intolerant -- his digestion gets much better when he does n't drink milk . 
  i am also lactose intolerant , and have even used milk as a laxative to handle travel constipation . 
  yes , it is his fault for being ignorant . 
  but it 's also media 's and education system 's fault for not informing people and only talking about how milk is healthy and good , completely disregarding the fact that some people ca n't properly digest milk . 
  it 's easy to be ignorant where there 's no source you can learn from . 
   for some reason commercial flights are routed right over the park . 
  probably because that 's the shortest way . 
  no conspiracy theory here . 
  germany patriotic ? 
  [ alert !, 
  [ i 'll just leave this here ... ] ( http://www.napoleon.org/en/essential_napoleon/symbols/index.asp ), 
  * globe , hammer and sickle or ? 
  sun is on the peak of its magnetic activity cycle right now ( which happens every 11 years on average ) . 
  also , the earth 's magnetic field has been quite unstable for the last 10 years ( with the magnetic pole rapidly moving from northern canada towards the north pole ) , it 's also slowly but steadily becoming weaker and weaker . 
  because it 's moving away from north america , this also means that aurorae may be visible further down south in europe than before - currently you can see them much further down south in america than in europe . 
  you have possibly heard about the pole reversal before . 
  currently , the dipole is the strongest component of the earth 's magnetic field , but during those events , earth 's magnetic field becomes chaotic and may even flip entirely . 
  but it is also possible that nothing will happen , and the magnetic field may just restabilize . 
  it 's uteri check your english simple plural privilege, 
  you 're literally triggering me i 'm ancient roman transethnic and wo n't tolerate misappropriation of my soul language, 
  probably smelled like garlic as well . 
  the * mon * are the japanese equivalent of european heraldic tradition ; they are usually of circular shape , featuring an abstract depiction of plants , animals , or objects . 
  oda clan was a powerful japanese feudal family which played important role ( under oda nobunaga ) in unification of japan in 16th century . 
  also , temperament is in large part hereditary . 
  i 'm not quite sure how well a child can adapt to stepparents of opposite temperament . 
  well , considering that satan , besides representing evil and defiance , also represents individualism and free will , this actually makes sense in a much deeper sense . 
  to become more than a mere member of society , you sometimes need to break away and become more individualist . 
  there is no personal achievement in just conforming . 
  most of recent content on this sub is either too good or just plain terrible to the point it 's not even funny anymore . 
  this totally roasted my chicken, 
   why are there no female mutant turtles ? 
  ahem . . that 's not entirely true ... 
  is n't bermuda a triangle ( for obvious reasons ) as well ? 
  * or , archangel michael proper ( azure ? ), 
  standing on the defeated devil sable . 
  it 's only jailable in russia if he flaunts his opness though . 
  you 're literally plebeian , epica is entry level shit, 
  and right above dragonforce, 
  syllable count does n't count in rap , it 's just the stress . 
  you may wonder why i 'm stating this , so let me get a bit more in depth regarding linguistics . 
  different languages have different isochrony - rhythmic division of speech . 
  they 're either syllable - , mora - , or stress-timed . 
  syllable-timed languages have approximately equal length syllables , which results in a continuous stream of speech . 
  think of italian , which is pretty much the typical example of a syllable-timed language . 
  mora-timed languages have syllables of different length . 
  syllables can be prolonged by double vowels and diphthongs , or if a syllable has a closing consonant ( coda ) . 
  example would be japanese and finnish . 
  now , english is a stress-timed language . 
  this means that consecutive stressed syllables come at a more or less regular pace . 
  this means that the speech is rhythmic , even if it does n't follow a metre , because the unstressed syllables will be pronounced faster . 
  so , syllable-timed languages strictly require a metre and syllable count when writing poetry , while stress-timed languages do n't . 
  the language naturally flows rhythmically . 
  the reason that metre is still regarded as important is just because of the influence of romance languages . 
  traditional germanic ( and therefore also anglo-saxon ) poetry did n't make use of poetic metre . 
  for example , fornyr\u00f0islag ( traditional icelandic verse , but it was also used in other germanic languages - beowulf was written in a similar verse ) has five allowed rhythmic patterns :, 
  su | su, 
  2 . us | us, 
  3 . us | su, 
  su | us ,, 
  where s means one stressed syllable , and u means at least one unstressed syllable . 
  i 'm saying at least one because there can be more than just four syllables in a verse - in that case , one of the u 's is made up of more than just one unstressed syllable .
