  ... did you really use the line and circle tool ? 
  this is illegal , you know . 
  gee , it sure is summer around here . 
  it was changed because it was perceived to be too bosniak . 
  the coat of arms on this flag is the historical medieval coat of arms of kingdom of bosnia . 
  serbs did n't like this , so the flag had to be changed to one without any historical meaning . 
  the current flag was designed by spanish diplomat carlos westendorp . 
  wow , this post is so shitty , mods had to flair it . 
  because serbs are 40 % of population of bih . 
  [ close enough ? 
  ] ( http://www.aliexpress.com/store/product/cosplay-mixed-layer-clour-blue-wig-cap/804563_878189530.html ), 
  oh , by the way , you can use this flag as the flair as well . 
  the code is bos3 , [ just send the flair bot a message . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=vexmod&amp;subject=flagflair ) it 's not in the main list because having all the flags there would be a mess . 
  sadly , this is not the only case of this happening , splitting the people by religion only . 
  after the fall of ottoman empire , greeks and turks agreed on making a population exchange , because turks and greeks lived in mixed communities before . 
  the main criterion was , you guessed it , whether they were orthodox or muslim . 
  some of those so-called turks did n't even speak turkish . 
  `` ethnic '' structure . 
  even the border between slovene and croat population was unclear . 
  luckily , we 're both `` catholic '' , so they just split us up by republic borders . 
  not pictured : where macedonia ends and bulgaria starts . 
  i much prefer the aged photo look . 
  you know , less blues and more yellows . 
  looks like wyoming went full-on facebook activist . 
  great , we 're the only ones without a heraldic symbol to represent us . 
  best choice would be either the black panther or the carniolan eagle . 
  but both have been claimed by far-right , so the consensus is that they 're evil symbols . 
  also in this music video @ 3:50 -5:00, 
  yep , that 's us . 
  slovakia is heraldic , actually ( apart from the fact that the current colour scheme violates the rule of tincture ) . 
  it 's also present on the sinister side of hungarian coat of arms , since the times of matthias corvinus . 
  meh , i do n't like it . 
  the other two frisian flags ( [ regional ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/c/ca/frisian_flag.svg/910px-frisian_flag.svg.png ) and [ nordic cross ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/1/1b/all_frisian_flag_scandinavial_model.svg/518px-all_frisian_flag_scandinavial_model.svg.png ) ) look much better . 
  cool , did n't know that german frisian regions have their flags as well . 
  the east-frisian one reminds me of the donetsk separatist flag because of the black ( red and blue are switched though ) . 
  the earliest written source that acknowledges the dannebrog is from the gelre armorial , written at some point between 1340 and 1370 . 
  the japanese hinomaru may be even older :, 
   the ancient history shoku nihongi says that emperor mommu used a flag representing the sun in his court in 701 , and this is the first recorded use of a sun-motif flag in japan . 
  the oldest existing flag is preserved in unp\u014d-ji temple , k\u014dsh\u016b , yamanashi , which is older than the 16th century , and an ancient legend says that the flag was given to the temple by emperor go-reizei in the 11th century . 
  austrian flag has undoubtedly been used since 1230 , while the authenticity of the dannebrog legend is disputed . 
  it 's linked to a legend about a battle as well :, 
   according to legend , the flag was already invented by duke leopold v of austria as a consequence of his fighting during the siege of acre . 
  after a fierce battle , his white surcoat was completely drenched in blood . 
  when he removed his belt , the cloth underneath was untouched by it , revealing the combination of red-white-red . 
  so taken was he by this singular sight that he adopted the colors and scheme as his banner . 
  the incident was documented as early as 1260 , though it is highly unlikely . 
  the earliest known example of st. andrew 's cross as the ~ ~ flag ~ ~ symbol of scotland is from 1180 ; again there 's an older legend linked to a battle :, 
   the legend surrounding scotland 's association with the saint andrew 's cross was related by walter bower and george buchanan , who claimed that the flag originated in a 9th-century battle , where \u00d3engus ii led a combined force of picts and scots to victory over the angles , led by \u00c6thelstan . 
  supposedly , a miraculous white saltire appeared in the blue sky and \u00d3engus ' troops were roused to victory by the omen . 
  ( all citations are copypasted from wikipedia because i 'm a lazy bastard ), 
  well , honestly , the war between north and south korea could be regarded as a civil war , since korea was forcefully divided , the original plan was to create a single unified korean state , but soviet union rushed election of kim il sung government in the north . 
  only when us kicked in , this became an international war ... 
  the situation in vietnam was similar , but here the french and americans rushed creation of south vietnam because they knew the people supported ho chi minh ( he declared the creation of vietnam before that , but un wanted to hold elections in 1956 followed by reunification ) . 
  is that a raincoat ? 
  how the fuck do you misspell that . 
  inform the mod team please . 
  i guess that could be fixed with having ethnically-slovene carniolan , styrian or carinthian/carantanian rebels . 
  slovenia could be a formable nation if you control all slovenian lands or something like that . 
   a decision allows non-kshatriayas to become kshatirays , at the cost of considerable gold and prestige ( if a vaishya or casteless ) or 200 karma ( if a brahmin ) . 
  edit : i checked the decision requirements , you can change caste only if you 're hindu , it costs brahmins 200 karma , 6 yearly income for vaishya and casteless , 3 yearly income if you have 12 learning or more . 
  as a slovenian , i ca n't help but wonder how much of my taxpayer money that 's supposed to go into healthcare actually ends up there . 
  but that 's more of a corruption than system problem . 
  i pronounce it as denbt . 
  pay denbts plox, 
  that t actually has a place there . 
  archaic word for often is simply oft , and it 's also oft in german . 
  i was like , what the fuck did you reply to . 
  same here . 
  i intentionally started binding myself with obligations to other people to keep myself alive during high school . 
  i 'm fine right now btw . 
  / r/chemicalreactiongifs , 
  i was once 1 gold short of being able to repaying a loan . 
  those 3.5 gold might as well make a difference between mercenaries revolting or not in the end , 
  phew , i thought they are half-chinese . 
  do n't want your son to pull off an elliot rodgers aka supreme gentleman . 
  edit : fuck , sarcasm really does n't come over well on the internet . 
  i thought more people knew that there were people advocating against white male asian female couples , saying that those are beta dads that go find an asian wife and end up having testosterone deficient even more beta kids . 
  edit : from the forum elliot rodgers actually posted on : http://forum.bodybuilding.com/showthread.php?t=161986863, 
  you write ''  '' before text to quote . 
  it 's an ancient practice back from the mailing list days . 
  it 's not a fucking quadforce , but you might as well be a farquaad . 
  as a man , i know all words from the first list , and only mascarpone and progesterone from the second one . 
  feels manly . 
   people keep flocking to america, 
  not really . 
  it 's long time since europeans stopped migrating to america . 
  except for those that are there for higher education . 
  most of migration to america is from developing countries , so it 's not like america is any better than the rest of developed world . 
  so , is this a copyp8a now ? 
  make it black . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i also heard people arguing that it 's the other way around , that multiculturalism killed the western empire , that the fact that they accepted all foreigners as roman citizens ( edict of caracalla ) meant that germanics could displace romans from positions , and because of cultural differences this caused the empire to fall apart . 
  rome did n't really have problems with provincial emperors , diocletian was a lowborn illyrian , and his reign was stable and successful compared to other late period emperors . 
  i was thinking about just making the stripe black , but yes , this definitely looks more new-zealandish to me . 
  can confirm , am subscribed to all of those . 
  perhaps also / r/worldbuilding and / r/conlangs . 
  oh fuck , animals have a set grammatical gender in my language . 
  what am i supposed to do now ? 
   not spreading dem pheromones to the scalp for optimal pussy obtaining abilities,
