  i do n't think this counts as a pattern , it 's just the same common charge used thrice . 
  oculus ex inferni is an intro and does n't count . 
  i expected it to be green on green . 
  it 's cp for french as well , you can get fined 75k euros for possession of drawn cp in france . 
  i 'm surprised he was n't caught fapping to gay porn , considering he 's both op and mac user . 
  because they 're supporting the cause , not necessarily the movement . 
  i know this is mostly unheard of in politics ... 
  what the fuck is going on on the northern hemisphere in the uppermost regions of the atmosphere . 
  nah , i 'm talking about [ this , at 10 hpa ( around 30km ) ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xdzzuyw.png ) . 
  jet stream at lower heights looks pretty normal , i 'm surprised that there 's reverse wind over canada and north atlantic when the rest of the stratosphere rotates the other way . 
  there is nothing remotely similar going on in the southern hemisphere . 
  i do n't think so ... it 's about stratospheric circulation , way above anything that causes weather patterns . 
  it goes all the way around the globe . 
  but it 's strongest above the atlantic . 
  thanks for answering !, 
  and apparently it 's also connected to depletion of ozone . 
  do you know of any good models that explain its formation ? 
  you could cross-post the flags to / r/vexillology when you finish them all . 
  it 's always nice to see some original content there . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's just coincidental . 
  actually , smaller bodies tend to rotate faster in general , but not significantly faster . 
  there 's a big difference in structure between rocky planets and gas giants . 
  in case of gas giants , you 're actually looking at the atmosphere spinning , not the solid core . 
  atmosphere does n't need to have the same rotation period , the atmosphere of venus for example rotates much faster than the planet , in four days rather than in 240 days , like the planet itself . 
  the same is true for saturn 's moon titan , but i ca n't find the rotational period of its atmosphere to compare it with own rotational period . 
  pluto rotates slower because it 's tidally bound to its moon . 
  other bodies of similar size have much faster rotation ( haumea 4 hours , eris 26 hours , makemake 8 hours , quaoar 18 hours ) and there does n't seem to be any strong correlation with size . 
  haumea probably had a strong collision , explaining its two moons , egg-shape and crystalline water ice on the surface ( which should n't form at temperatures that low ) . 
  in the asteroid belt , ceres has rotational period of 9 hours , pallas 8 hours and vesta 5 hours . 
  though it should be noted that asteroids are influenced by collisions , which means that their rotational periods could be a bit off , as is the case with venus . 
  i brush my teeth with vodka . 
  such is life in eastern europe !, 
  whoops , i forgot to finish a sentence . 
  you 're right about contraction of gas giants . 
  this should also cause a decrease in rotational period . 
  jupiter contracts for about 2cm each year , which ( assuming constant rate of contraction ) would mean that it was twice its current diameter around the time of formation of solar system . 
  but , atmosphere itself does n't contribute that much to the moment of inertia of gas giants , because it has very low density compared to lower layers . 
  most of jupiter 's mass is in shape of metallic hydrogen mantle , while uranus and neptune have supercritical water-ammonia mantle . 
  but the border between those layers is not really well-defined . 
  regarding tidal interactions - mars does n't have a large moon like earth does . 
  so its rotational period should stay approximately the same , unlike earth , which is slowing down . 
  it 's called kelvin-helmholtz mechanism . 
  it 's exactly that , cooling . 
  but , cooling of a ball of gas causes the pressure that keeps it from contracting even further drops , and the whole planet shrinks . 
  the energy released from this mechanism ( decrease of gravitational potential ) is radiated as heat . 
  you can also calculate how much it shrinks per year from the amount of heat radiated . 
  i like this one much more . 
  it 's simple , yet very distinctive , because it 's a quadricolour ( only two countries have four-striped flags , and only one , mauritius , is a straight quadricolour ) and because of inclusion of purple . 
  [ it 's apparently official , since 2004 . 
   women who are obese are at increased risk of delivering an infant who is significantly larger than average ( macrosomia ) and has more body fat than normal . 
  research suggests that as birth weight increases , so does the risk of childhood obesity . 
  well , who would have thought . 
  landwhales give brith to little lardballs . 
  if i recall correctly , tolkien 's picturesque landscape of the misty mountains was inspired by his visit to the swiss alps . 
  so , it 's possible that matterhorn was indeed the inspiration behind the lonely mountain ... 
  i think she may have a case of joana-the-mad . 
  i mean , she 's even the queen of castille . 
  in slovenia , we have a saying :, 
  those who can not , teach . 
  edit : those who ca n't teach , teach gym . 
  ( and those who ca n't teach gym , become politicians . 
  i believe ( and hope ) this is kind of unique to slovenia ... ), 
  edit2 : looks like this saying is a lot more widespread than i believed ... and no , i have n't watched school of rock . 
  \\  argentina, 
  \\  white, 
  if you plan to add any more tes races , i thing dwemer might be a good choice . 
  especially since they vanished - you could explain that they teleported into another plane of existence . 
  and their unique technology . 
  whoops , i forgot this one in between . 
  ... it 's spelled petty . 
  like pet . 
  coming from french * petit * . 
  wow , that girl must have been a writer then !, 
  this guy is just ... over the top . 
  he even has his own webpage dedicated to the `` truly magnificent monumental and majestic obesity '' : http://majesticallyobese.ning.com/, 
  why supervolcanoes ? 
  why the plural ? 
  what makes this multiple supervolcanoes , and not just successive eruptions of the same supervolcano ( or perhaps , two , considering the clustering of calderas ) ? 
  i mean , yellowstone is composed of three or four overlapping calderas , and is still considered a single supervolcano . 
  [ trollstigen next please :d ] ( http://www.trollstigen.no/userfiles/sites/images/trollstigen2.jpg ), 
  ... are that holy roman emperor 's parents brother and sister ? 
  looks like both his grandparents are repeated ... 
   with oblivion coming, 
  this is remarkably similar to arthur . 
  though arthur is a celtic name , also derived from the word for bear ( _ * artos _ ) . 
  there 's another fatimid realm next to syria . 
  when a single dynasty holds more than one independent realm , only one of them can carry the dynastic name . 
  though it 's weird , since egypt is obviously stronger , so i think it should carry the dynastic name . 
  is syria also held by the fatimids ? 
  actually , it was kind of opposite - they were forced to do the lending because nobody else was allowed to do it as per religious laws . 
  i already see 4chan making a ruse that you just need to piss on the phone to power it up ... 
  they go to a place called any_all . 
  it 's a plot to make deaf people look retarded when they clap . 
  would n't signing be similar to chinese character in that matter ? 
  you do n't sign separate letters or word components , you sign words as a whole . 
  so it should be like putting random chinese characters together , nonsensical , but still made of real words ? 
  for a moment i thought i was in / r/circlejerk . 
  yugo-nostalgia is pretty big in where i live . 
  actually , whenever we have protests against the government , there are some nostalgic folks who come with the old socialist flag of slovenia .
