  i still do n't see how this proves statism failure ... 
  do n't you see this as a step back in terms of freedom of speech and democracy ? 
  i can see you do n't agree with the ukrainian communist party ( neither do i ) but banning an entire party seems a bit excessive . 
  this made no sense at all . 
  if you ca n't vote for the communists you will vote for someone else or abstain from voting and thus other people will decide who will be in power . 
  plenty of people in the ukrainian government are corrupt pricks , that is unfortunately the way it currently is in eastern europe but that is not an excuse to ban an entire party . 
  i definitely do n't agree with the views of right sector but banning them is ridiculous and undemocratic . 
  how is this proof of statism failure ? 
  even if you do n't agree with the party you should n't be able to just dissolve it . 
  this seems like a huge step back in terms of political freedom . 
  which disaster are you talking about ? 
  another corruption scandal ? 
  * establish a progressive income tax * legalize and regulate cannabis and other natural drugs * start pushing for more renewable energy * leave nato * cut back military spending a bit * fight corruption * stop supporting israel, 
  oh god that made me cringe, 
  `` those who can not remember the past are condemned to repeat it '' - george santayana, 
  it 's a community on 4chan . 
  it 's mainly focused on the discussion of cultures around the world . 
  that and some fine shitposting and banter . 
  this is because libya is in shambles now , before 2011/2012 the coast was closely monitored and migrants were sent back . 
  now there is a civil war and there is nobody to stop the migrants on the libyan side . 
  a protest of 20000 people does n't happen everyday . 
  i like slovakia but i do n't see any reason why we should re-unite . 
  there are linguistic , economic and social differences that persist to this day ( the linguistic one is probably the least important ) . 
  yeah the whole gmo 's are poison argument is stupid as it completely ignores scientific observations but the fact that gmo 's are banned is not stupid at all . 
  allowing shady companies like monsanto and syngenta control a massive percentage of our food supply is not wise at all . 
  nowadays you have a pretty large variety of seeds from many sources but allowing gmo 's would mean everybody just buys the same seeds from 1 or 2 companies . 
  this is what happened in the us where most crops are gmo now . 
  not to mention the fact that we already have a crop surplus and we harvest more than we can consume . 
  research into gmo 's is great and should be supported but adopting them now would create a lot of problems for minimal benefits . 
  if it was n't so strongly libertarian i would apply , but i hope it works out for them , seems like a cool project . 
  i would say right wing people that like the euro and generally the eu mainly vote for top 09 . 
  ods is very strongly against the eu and euro . 
  but you are right that many people voting for \u010cssd do n't want the euro even though the party does . 
   the us has baby boomers , we have communists . 
  it 's not just about euro skeptic communists from the country side , many right wing parties openly oppose the euro too . 
  ods for example is pretty vocal that it does n't want the euro whereas \u010cssd is much more open to it . 
  even europe is not that rich , it is also in the interests of certain groups to keep these regions destabilized . 
  it 's easier to extract resources from a bunch of warlords than a unified country that might want to get a fair agreement . 
  ok , per capita the us is not the leader , but if you look at the total amount of agricultural subsidies the us wins because of it 's large population and sheer agricultural output ( it is maybe behind china but 2nd place is still important ) . 
  you mean most right ? 
  in any case the things they are subsidizing are pretty bad , it 's mostly corn that is fed the the animals ( which is horrible for their diet ) and used in high fructose corn syrup . 
  sure you could say their products are competitive on the markets they are allowed on but the price on the health of animals and humans is too great . 
  it 's subsidized for the wrong reasons , mainly because of lobbying . 
  many corn farmers lost their jobs since they could n't compete with subsidized american corn . 
  that is the opinion of 99 % people here , definitely not unpopular . 
  well they did own alaska a some while so you could definitely find some crimes they commited against the natives . 
  honestly i would n't say they are doing this to create a bargaining chip for the negotiations . 
  they are a left wing party and more humane conditions for migrants are a large part of the ideology of these parties . 
  they would do this even if everything was fine with greece and there were no negotiations with the eu . 
  good news . 
  but i kind of like playing the * progressive or islamist ? 
  * game with this guy . 
  did he ban hezbollah because he is a progressive opposed to their islamism or because hezbollah is shia and he is a sunni ? 
  or did he try to ban ads of women wearing underwear in public transit because it 's `` body shaming '' and anti feminist or because it 's indecent according to religious norms ? 
  just a fun game , i 'm not being serious . 
  not just europe . 
  this is the standard demographic transition that all societies go through . 
  yes because suddenly you have a large group of unemployed youth . 
  there are studies that show that a large youth bulge greatly increases the chance of civil war erupting . 
  it 's not the primary cause of poverty but it helps keep the country poor and undeveloped if there is n't adequate infrastructure and jobs to support the new population . 
  if done right a youth bulge can be quite helpful to development but the words * if done right * and africa unfortunately do n't seem to be related to each other very often . 
  only one really . 
  but lots of countries in the 5-6 range which is n't that far off really . 
  honestly i 'm liking this man more and more . 
  source needed . 
  every middle eastern country has been facing islamist movements since the 70 's . 
  but the scale and intensity of conflict in pre-2011 syria and post-2011 syria ca n't be compared . 
  the us army has a great definition of climate change . 
  it 's a threat multiplier . 
  if an area is completely peaceful then climate change wo n't push society to the brink . 
  but if there is danger lurking about then it can make the situation escalate . 
  yeah it 's going to be rough and these are critical years that we have to decide what our migration policy will be and how far we are willing to go to enforce it . 
  ultimately how bad climate change gets will decide whether we are going to be facing * only * millions of economic migrants and war refugees or tens of millions of climate refugees . 
  well that made it even harder for security reasons but the problems in the agricultural sector of syria are perhaps a decade old . 
  the civil war started in 2011 . 
  i came into this thread an eu loving boy and left a bitter euroskeptic man . 
  czexit now !!, 
  glad to see most people know the correct answer . 
  cheers . 
  edit : oh no everybody is retarded . 
  i 'll get you for this hans !, 
  and you * generic belgian name * !, 
  it 's a combination of both . 
  just look at syria . 
  for the past decade syria has been experiencing a drought and farming is becoming a much harder and less profitable job . 
  this means suddenly you have a large group of young semi-literate ex-farmer boys running to the cities en masse . 
  this uprooted group plagued with mass unemployment is the main group that joins the militias . 
  and the fundamentalist mullahs suddenly find a susceptible group that is desperate enough to listen to their religious poison . 
  why not both ? 
  it 's easier to enforce a border that not many people come to instead of trying to keep out millions of climate refugees . 
  glad to see france is taking a leading position in the fight against climate change . 
  i hope it works out but i feel like i 've been reading the same type of article and declarations for the past 5 years . 
  the right to fix might be fairly straight forward from a legal and practical perspective and is completely doable in my opinion . 
  but it 's hard to deal with planned obsolescence from a legal perspective . 
  it 's not as companies put one magical part that will destroy the device in a year or two ( well at least the vast majority do n't do it so brazenly ) and you ca n't just make a regulation saying * stop making shit products * . 
   i am atheist myself and i `` sin '' a lot less than your average christian probably does but the point is for some people having an extra reason helps them . 
  sure in theory it does . 
  but in general i believe most people living in society do n't commit crimes regardless of whether they are religious or spend their time reading about kantian ethics . 
  i think laws and societal pressure are much better protectors of morality , at least with the major concepts such as the wrongness of killing , rape , theft etc. 
  and this is why even as societies become less religious there are n't sudden epidemics of crime .
