  once religion dissappears then suddenly the `` victimless '' actions that were considered immoral do enjoy a large boom . 
  but i have no problem with alcohol , promiscuity , gambling etc. 
   there are a lot of christian charity organisations and holidays like christmas remind people that they should think of others some more . 
  the same applies to ramadan in islam . 
  i will admit that the religious concept of charity is one of the best things about religion . 
  but if i had to choose between the support given to me by a modern secular welfare state and a church then the modern developed state is much better at providing that aid . 
  i understand that poverty stricken failed states ca n't compete with the church . 
  so it 's a question of development . 
   i did n't say that people pick out pretty things , i said it was up to them to do so and what happens when they do n't pick out the pretty things and instead use religion to justify honor killings etc. 
  a proponent of religion can justify his beliefs by saying that theoretically people can only pick out the good things . 
  but i guess i just like looking at the real world instead of theory . 
  religious people will never pick out only the good things ( because the things i consider good are sin for religious people , here we get into a question of relativism ) . 
  thus when i look at the perfect symbiosis between religion and social conservatism that is holding us back i have no choice but to say religion in general is ultimately bad . 
  sure there could be a religion that would have perfectly moral ( according to me ) and humanist ideals that would foster a culture of tolerance , science , peace etc. 
  but when i look at world religions i see the exact opposite . 
   i believe that it is possible for there to be a revolution within the main religions just as we have already experienced numerous times in the past . 
  it is a question of whether those religions actually reformed that much or whether they simply lost power to the state and were gradually reduced to a cultural norm . 
  if you look at the beliefs of truly religious people even in the west i do n't really see that much advancement . 
  one needs only to look at the most religious societies in the western world such as the usa and you can see the negative effects compared to their secular counterparts . 
   religion is already very much part of modern society because that 's what we 're living in . 
  the more modern a society becomes , the less religious it 's people are . 
  this is the general trend . 
  modernity to me is an all encompassing societal change that embraces rationalism and social progress . 
  thus i do n't consider saudi arabia to be truly modern . 
  sure they may one day have the next tallest building in the world but drilling oil to artificially sustain your medieval society does not count as modernity for me if there is very little societal progress . 
  fine , the population may be booming in nigeria but is nigeria a modern society outside of a few fancy skyscrapers in downtown lagos and abuja ? 
  i am well aware that the proportion of atheists relative to the world population is expected to decline . 
  for me that means real modernity is n't happening and we are seeing only economic progress but not societal progress . 
  but i will admit that this is a strict view that rejects modern cultural relativism . 
  for me there is a narrow definition of what constitutes true modernity and secularism and abandonment of religion is an integral part of that . 
  the lack of religion forms the bedrock of modernity in my view . 
  but hopefully while people may still consider themselves religious it will shift more to a cultural trait than fundamentalism . 
  otherwise the world is fucked . 
  people acting like sheep and not thinking for themselves form the bedrock of religion . 
  the moral guidance of a bunch of warriors from the arabian desert of the 7th century is not relevant today at all . 
  the argument that one needs religion for morality is a baseless fallacy . 
  especially considering atheist or secular societies in general have lower crime rates . 
  and it 's a sickening fallacy since most world religions are downright barbaric when it comes to modern values such as women 's rights , homosexuality , freedom of speech and conscience . 
  the reason the west is so progressive and advanced is primarily because we have abandoned religion . 
  even to this day most opposition to progress , human rights and technological advancment comes from religious people and their churches . 
  the view that people pick out only the pretty things is very naive . 
  the masses generally accept everything their priest , rabbi , mullah etc. 
  give them which means for the most part they are accepting the world view of ancient literature . 
  the few that think for themselves either outright abandon religion or commit such mental gymnastics that would make even a communist who for some reason loves the free market blush . 
  the real question is if you can really change something that is considered the literal word of god and any deviation from is considered heresy . 
  you yourself talked about the atrocities christians commit in uganda . 
  that 's the real effect of morally guiding religion . 
  religion is the antithesis to modern society . 
  the french goal is really admirable . 
  from what i understood it would be an actual ban on the selling of diesel/petrol cars . 
  but perhaps it 's more of a pr stunt since there are n't really any concrete steps being taken and it 's still quite a long time away . 
  also something like this would need to be eu wide otherwise french people could just hop the border over to belgium , germany , italy etc. 
  to get their gas-guzzlers . 
  you 're right that electric vehicles are only as green as is the power grid of the country . 
  but if i remember correctly studies in the usa which still has a lot of coal show that using an electric vehicle powered by a fairly dirty power grid is still better for the environment than simply burning petrol . 
  and in the case of france that is certainly true as you guys use nuclear power for most of your needs . 
  nuclear is n't perfect but at least it does n't contribute to climate change . 
  it 's clean energy at least in that regard . 
  there is a lot of talk about batteries and people are starting to realize it 's the main thing blocking the renewable energy revolution from truly happening . 
  we need to store that sweet solar energy efficiently so people can use it at dark when energy use peaks . 
  tesla seems to be making improvements in that regard [ [ 1 ] ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r5wqzsg1bqy ) . 
  we are making huge strides in clean energy . 
  but i fear it will still be too late . 
  religion is the problem . 
  the abrahamic faiths all discriminate against homosexuality equally . 
  so do most primitive religions . 
  but here in the west we have gradually secularized or abandoned religion all together . 
  but unfortunately we are taking migrants from some of the most religious parts of the world . 
  we are importing the same backwards anti-human values we have been trying to get rid of ever since the enlightenment . 
  yeah , more completely unsupervised free trade i guess . 
  eh at least it 's now easier to export cheese to japan so it must be worth it . 
   here 's a thought ; i 'm gay and do n't give a fuck if some random muslim thinks i 'm the devil . 
  do they have political power ? 
  do they have a muslim party with influence ? 
  no they do not . 
  irresponsible thinking . 
  look at native birth rates compared to muslim birthrates and you will realize soon they will have the power . 
  it 's nothing crazy and ignorant people often think muslim women have 8 children which is ridiculous . 
  but when native populations have a birth rate of 1.4 ( germany for example ) and muslims have a birth rate of 2.2-3 .2 depending on whether they are 1st , 2nd etc. 
  generation and you combine that with present immigration rates where muslims account for the largest non-eu group in many western countries you will realize that this group will eventually be quite powerful . 
  nothing crazy like 90 % full sharia by 2050 . 
  but do n't be surprised when muslims are 30 % by the end of the century . 
  this is an extremely important question . 
  when you look at japan for example they seem to have an excellent forest managment system in their country with reforestation going on everywhere . 
  but then you find out they are the largest importer of wood , pulp and other products ( or at least they were , i would n't be surprised if china surpassed them ) . 
  those products often come from completely unsustainable logging in the third world . 
  so it all depends on how strict norway 's timber import requirements are . 
  when you look at it norway seems to be n. 1 in clean energy in all sectors of society . 
  we should follow their example . 
  but unfortunately it 's all financed with oil money . 
  still much better than doing nothing like most oil exporting countries . 
  eh i 'd say it 's mildly interesting but i guess the tijuana comparison reeks of us centrism . 
  well til about the dresden elbe valley being delisted . 
  it 's actually the 2nd place to be de-listed . 
  the first was apparently an oryx sanctuary in oman where nearly all of the oryx disappeared . 
  the oman case does make sense but i do think it 's an over reaction on part of unesco in the dresden case . 
  anyway the skyline is only a small part of the overall experience . 
  paris is often considered the most beautiful city in the world ( by casuals i guess , there are better cities ) yet should their unesco status be removed because of [ this monster ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tour_montparnasse#/media/file:tour_montparnasse_view_arc.jpg ) or because of [ la defense ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_d%c3%a9fense#/media/file:paris_la_d%c3%a9fense_seen_from_tour_saint_jacques_2013-08.jpg ) ? 
  i find that notion ridiculous . 
  i do n't necessarily see high rise buildings being a problem as they make sense from an economical and environmental perspective and they can actually look quite good in old cities if planned well .
