you are correct , the us has the biggest military power in the world . 
  but the point of this alliance would be to protect europe instead of hunting iraqis with unmanned drones . 
  sure european governments have some politicians who would be willing to go to war on foreign soil anyway , but the us is the bigger warmonger here . 
  the problem with nato is that we get mixed into wars we should n't be in , like iraq and afghanistan . 
  the us is a war machine and being in a treaty with them means we join them for some fights . 
  i do support the eu though and perhaps it would be beneficial if we established a joint european army to replace nato . 
  this is great news . 
  good for portugal . 
  you are correct , european companies do some unethical things too unfortunately . 
  but generally europe has more regulations than the us . 
  it 's not worth it , ttip just seems to be a backdoor for american corporations to get around eu regulations . 
  i am a 17 year old student in the czech republic and the number seems to be pretty legit . 
  a smaller number drinks regularly but i believe 82 % have tried it . 
  people do stupid shit during their teenage years ( can confirm ) but this is really too much . 
  it 's a story about two families during 1968 , the movie is great but pretty bittersweet . 
  http://www.heureka.cz/ is great for the czech republic , you enter a product and it shows you a large amount of shops that have that item and you can see where it is the cheapest . 
  zeman disagreed with the 1968 invasion and he was kicked out of the communist party because of it . 
  the current system that china has can not really be called socialist/communist . 
  they kept the name but other parts of the system resemble capitalism a lot more . 
  why ca n't socialism have free speech and movement ? 
  it 's not supposed to be an authoritarian system . 
  i understand that with free enterprise it 's a slippery slope but the reforms did n't necessarily aim to completely dismantle socialism . 
  trying to create a fair political system is not as bad as executing anybody who disagrees with the party . 
  there were other countries that elected socialist/communist but most of those parties were removed from power by us coups . 
  the communist that were in power here were allied with the soviet union so not a long after they were in power the executions and repression started . 
  there are negatives to a planned economy of course , socialism is not a system that makes the country rich to capitalist levels , it never was intended to be . 
  this is why i am in favor of a mixed economy with only some businesses nationalized ( water , electricity etc. ), 
  i 'm not a socialist , i just admire the system but i know that in our current socio-economic climate it would cause some harm . 
  i 'm not all that knowledgeable about yugoslav socialism but i thought it mainly collapsed because of ethnic and religious tension . 
  i 'm a student so i have decent knowledge about who young people would like to vote and svobodn\u00ed has few supporters . 
  in our mock school elections top 09 usually secures the top spot with the greens and pirates following . 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous to condemn the entire green party as ecoterrorists , it 's just a buzzword used by people who do n't give a shit about the enviroment . 
  but i 'm a optimistic , alternative parties such as the green party and pirate party are gaining popularity among young people so there is some hope that not all of the power will belong to the die hard capitalists . 
  i agree . 
  unfortunately due to our past most people ( especially young people ) dislike anything to do with the left . 
  i worry for the future if my country is full of people who will vote mainly neo-liberal parties . 
  i guess you are right . 
  anarcho-capitalism is kind of a joke though . 
  stalin completely discredited the whole movement . 
  socialism/communism was not supposed to be completely authoritarian . 
  i love chomsky but i see him more as an anarchist . 
  exactly , there are great things about states that are/were socialist such as free healthcare , education , equality , guaranteed jobs but they are drowned out by the human rights abuses . 
  i believe that most of the problems people see with socialism were caused by the poor soviet implementation . 
  perhaps if the first successful socialist movement ( socialists in power for a longer time than just a couple of weeks ) happened somewhere else that russia i think this ideological battle would have turned out completely differently . 
  most of the things that people hated about the old regime would n't be present in dub\u010deks version of socialism . 
  there would be freedom of speech , free movement and there would likely be more goods for the people because of more free enterprise . 
  many of the things people hated about socialism were because of the soviet unions influence . 
  maybe socialism without the horrible soviet influence could have turned out to be good . 
  in that case it is a bit too extreme . 
  let 's say i want to visit the middle east for sightseeing but i ca n't because a small percentage of muslims go there to make trouble . 
  there is always something wrong in the middle east so you ca n't really ban all non-essential travel . 
  how would you decide who gets the special permit though ? 
  people can always claim they are visiting families or just sightseeing . 
  it 's not that bad , this really only happened to me in rural south east asia when somebody asked me where i 'm from . 
  in the cities most people at least knew czechoslovakia ( many times only after i mentioned our football players ) . 
  when i lived abroad most people just said czechoslovakia and then i just mentioned we split up but i still accepted it as a success . 
  if they did n't know czechoslovakia then i just went with european . 
  i am a czech person but if the person i am talking to has no idea my country exists then i will just identify as european . 
  federalization is a good idea but please do n't call it united states of europe . 
  mouth piece of the kremlin . 
  the way i see it that any russian related news is unreliable but they are n't afraid to write about stuff that you do n't see in western news , mainly they heavily criticize usa which i do n't mind . 
  it 's a much more complicated procedure . 
  it 's different to identify the genes and then just cross breed instead of splicing the genes together . 
  to clarify i am not against genetic engineering , i just think we should be more cautious because it is a complicated procedure . 
  this looks more like regular cross breeding except we know exactly what traits we are looking for . 
  it 's not genetic engineering . 
  that is true , but many of these pesticides are getting banned , such as neonicotinoids in the eu . 
  obviously these companies move on and make other related products . 
  yes that 's why we need to make farmers keep switching the herbicide they use . 
  you are right that this problem is not just with gm crops , this problem has existed ever since we started heavily using herbicides . 
  probably less than gm crops , but we need to ensure that farmers are not using this every year otherwise the resistance problem pops up again . 
  do i need a reason to be skeptical ? 
  we are surrounded by lies and people who have no idea what they are talking about , not accepting everything that is served to you and thinking about it is important . 
  there are other ways to feed these kids . 
  yes they are used with many crops ( although they are banned in the eu now ) but they are made by companies that produce gm crops such as syngenta . 
  that is the link . 
  i 'm not afraid of new features in plants , because throughout the history of agriculture we have tried to modify certain features by cross-breeding , selecting mutant plants etc. 
  the problem i have with gm crops is that this particular modification brings on problems like increased pesticide use . 
  what you described with the genomic scans seems like a good idea that should be implemented but i see nothing wrong with regulating it . 
  i posted a lot in this thread and i found better sources example - http://phys.org/news/2012-10-superweeds-linked-herbicide-gm-crops.html http://www.nature.com/news/case-studies-a-hard-look-at-gm-crops-1.12907 http://www.theguardian.com/science/2005/jul/25/gm.food, 
  i 'm saying we should rely on other ways to get our food instead of resorting to gm crops whereas most anti-vaxxers will just tell you to pray to god or something . 
  i would n't really compare the two . 
  i have repeatedly apologized for using that site as a source since i just picked something from the first page of google because i like to post a source . 
  how am i hurting people or the enviroment ? 
  it makes absolutely no fucking sense that being anti-gmo is actually hurting the enviroment when nature evolved for billions of years without any heavy human intervention - which gmo 's are . 
  because i am sceptical to gm crops it automatically means i want to kill people ? 
  are you demented or are you a troll ? 
  i think greed would come first and many farmers would focus on the short term as it 's more important to them unless they have large savings . 
  i think the strictness is good since there are problems asociated with gm use and here in the eu we do n't really need to use gm crops . 
  there is a food surplus , no famines , most people are getting the food that they need . 
  using stuff like golden rice in africa is understandable as they are in dire need of it but for now it 's fairly pointless to use gm crops here in europe . 
  the sad thing is that a large percent of farmers do not care about good practices , but only about maximizing their yield/profit . 
  regulations are not a miracle cure but they definitely help , which is why in my opinion the food system in the eu is superior to the us - mainly because we regulate stuff a lot more . 
  what do fucking chemtrails have to do with this ? 
  i do admit i am fairly sceptical to capitalism but this does n't necessarily have anything to do with my ideology , i would question what 's on my plate if i lived in the us , eu or venezuela . 
  ideology does n't entirely matter here . 
  i 'm just asking where my food is coming from and what 's in it . 
  a question that you , as an american should definitely learn to start asking . 
  it seems that according to you any free thought that does not align with the accepted spectrum is automatically a scam . 
  that is sad .
