  i live in the south-east , province limburg . 
  our dialect is called limburgish and is not considered a language , like frisian , still it has achieved a special cultural status in the netherlands , that none other has . 
  it is widely used in every social class and at all kinds of occasions , social gatherings . 
  it is my mother tongue and dutch is coming on second . 
  our history is much different than the general dutch thaught in school . 
  a lot of our history is n't even mentioned or ignored . 
  the territory of dutch limburg , there is also a belgian one , ( in the past we have been one ) has seen a lot of conqueres , rulers , occupiers . 
  romans , spanish , troops of william of orange , austrian , french , german ( before 1870 ) , dutch , belgian and only since about 150 years dutch . 
  more recent history : coalmines were a strong economical force especially in the south of the province , but after closing them in the seventies of the last century , this region did experienced hard times , a lot of unemployed , not enough jobs . 
  it took several decades to recover and now this region takes advantage of it regional position wedged between germany and belgium as we were the appendix of the netherlands , our views changed into the international position , the regional cooperation of the german , dutch and belgian regions on all kinds of levels . 
  as i read here again , dutch history of wwii concerning province limburg is still not accurately . 
  chronological , historical misconceptions . 
  in the second part of 1944 the southern part of the province was liberated by americans , that is correct . 
  however than the middle and the north of the province became frontlinie . 
  the river meuse where on the west americans , english , canadians were and on the east side german troops . 
  for months people in those regions lived in their cellars , bombed , shelling , retaliation actions . 
  men under the treath being executed forced into marches , in the coldest war winter , to do forced labour in germany . 
  the elderly , the sick , woman , children , babies were evacuated in january 1945 . 
  cattle trains were used an a lot of the journey was on german territory , this made them a target for allied air attacks , which did occur . 
  till june 1945 they stayed in the northern provinces friesland , groningen and drenthe . 
  a story in itself . 
  in the summer people traveled by themselves or on trucks home . 
  still a dangerous journey even in peacetime . 
  more often than not they found there homes plundered , ( partly ) destroyed , waiting who and if loved ones would come back . 
  my father and my grandfather were one of the many that had to walk into germany , forced labour . 
  my mother and her family were evacuated . 
  american exceptionalism . 
  if i 'm honoust i find the concept of it , the way it is perceived an expressed rather annoying . 
  as a dutch citizen boasting is considered rude . 
  to believe you are exceptional or to be to modest of your own acheevements are two extremes of self-image . 
  it ignores the roots that made the foundation where the us is founded on . 
  the roots where you founding fathers could do their research what knowledge of others they could use for their endeavour . 
  for instance the declaration of indipendence finds its origin , among others in the republic of the seven united netherlands . 
  https://youtu.be/9auk15lhwdc the act of abjuration written in 1581 was the starting point our journey into freedom of religion , freedom of press etc. 
  it was far from perfect but it was a starting point . 
  to have the connviction that the us as a nation being exceptional harbours a great danger . 
  it makes you think that you have the right to place yourself above any other nation . 
  it makes you ignore every international agreement , human right and culture and politics if it serves your purpose . 
  demanding others to obide by the rules but yourself ignore them push them aside or just change the rules so that they suit only you expressions you are considering patriotic are in fact nationalistic . 
  you ignore your weaknesses and confronted with them you say to another american that they are traitors , hate the usa and that they better leave the usa . 
  a foreigner like me gets the : you are ungrateful treatment ( wii ) and hating the usa , which i do not . 
  separation of church and state . 
  for me i can hardly see it because it is so fused together . 
  example : if i watch on tv or on photo 's churches , prayer houses in general in front stand the american flag . 
  i do n't understand what the flag of a nation does in a house of prayer ? 
  what you believe you are as a nation has made you self complacent . 
  however it should have stayed an active goal to strive for , learning of passed mistakes etc. 
  i wo n't say that this was the case in denmark . 
  but out of own experience i need to go in foreign language mode . 
  what i mean is that i have to switch from my dutch limburgish dialect into english or german , whatever is the case at that moment . 
  in fact dutch is a ` foreign ' language to me because my mother tongue is limburgish , but that is another story . 
  i thought reading your answer , i research the capability of germans that learned dutch as a foreign language . 
  it is 0.96 % . 
  so do you speak or know at least some dutch ? 
  dutch television does dutch subtitles whenever a foreign language is used . 
  we listen/view the original . 
  german television synchronise every foreign language into german . 
  you are excellent in doing this , but still why not the original ? 
  in the border region netherlands-germany the is a some interest germans that take courses to learn dutch . 
  but in general it is very rare , i live just 10 km of the german border , that a german visiting my hometown at least say a word of dutch . 
  noticing a non-dutch , we just go into foreign language mode . 
  german in this case . 
  so , if you are surprised about the high percentage dutch speaking german . 
  what about the very low percentage germans speaking dutch . 
  if you think about the many german tourists visiting the netherlands , trade , interregional dutch/german contacts etc. 
  i 'm dutch , province limburg , and i know that on the east-side of the netherlands many speak german . 
  i must add that the german language is one of several foreign languages learned at secondary school . 
  however in the west of the country , the way they pronounce german and bad use of grammar , it just makes my toes curl . 
  what about the german speaking part of belgium . 
  luxemburg which has a significant german influence . 
  denmark i do n't know exactly . 
  switzerland , austria , german based languages ( regional ) used . 
  eastern europe i do n't know enough to make a fact based comment your assumption is not correct on my opinion, 
  do n't forget the painter vincent van gogh . 
  the same thing !, 
  i 'm from dutch province limburg . 
  i get annoyed when fellow dutch men are copying the soft - g and our making sentences ` singing ' way . 
  there fellow dutch overdoing it so much , it 's awful . 
  there are exceptions to the rule but they are few . 
  william i , prince of orange ( 24 april 1533 -- 10 july 1584 ) , also widely known as william the silent was the main leader of the dutch revolt against the spanish habsburgs that set off the eighty years ' war and resulted in the formal independence of the united provinces in 1648 . 
  on 22 july 1581 , the staten generaal declared that they no longer recognised philip ii of spain as their ruler , in the act of abjuration . 
  this is a formal declaration of independence . 
  unhappy with the centralisation of political power away from the local estates and with the spanish persecution of dutch protestants , william joined the dutch uprising . 
  declared an outlaw by the spanish king in 1580 , he was assassinated by balthasar g\u00e9rard ( also written as `` gerardts '' ) in delft in 1584 . 
  i agree with the opinion you express here !, 
  yes , ofcourse : father ted !, 
  because i could watch in the original language , i could also enjoy all the nuances in it !, 
  i know this comedy . 
  i did enjoy it very much . 
  i 'm dutch . 
  i do n't remember who broadcasted it . 
  it was the original , so it could have been bbc but dutch television broadcast the original foreign programmes and add dutch subtitles to it . 
  i 'm dutch and i hear in south-african english the afrikaans accent/tonality, 
  my own regional dialect , limburgish . 
  spoken with local varieties in dutch limburg and belgium limburg . 
  in dutch limburg the dialect is widely used in all kinds of social gatherings . 
  belgium limburg , there the use of it has declined much over the years . 
  yes , you are right !, 
  it is hard to believe !, 
  but i believe what you tell me !,
