what i did was adress the derogatory remarks about the province i live , province limburg . 
  i reacted on : sjei oet !, 
  this is limburgish dialect . 
  it means : stop it !, 
  i answered also in limburgish dialect . 
  what i wrote was that when those living ` above the rivers ' are encountering a level + 1 meter nap they get problems with the hight . 
  as i wrote in my comment dutch limburg , where i live , limburg is used on every social occasion you can think of . 
  for me , the dialect is my mother tongue , dutch is second . 
  limburgish is not a official language , however it 's acknowledged as a regional language . 
  i 've listened to the video and in the beginning understanding what was said was a bit difficult . 
  as my ears got used to pronunciation and i found it easier and i understood the general idea of what was said . 
  some words sound rather familiar to me , some not because the are to much used locally . 
  if you live in a border region , like i do , dutch province limburg it 's common sense to do so . 
  where i live what we call middle-limburg the german border is about a 10 minutes drive . 
  the belgian border is about 20 minutes , maybe less . 
  a few kilometers to the south where i live the distance between the border with germany and the border with belgium , and we as province limburg wedged between them is really small . 
  you can walk from the german border , through the netherlands , to the belgium border within one hour . 
  i speak limburgish , spoken in dutch province limburg . 
  from north to south it changes . 
  the dialect in limburg are frequently in use in every sort of occasion , gathering , social interaction , often als in more official situations , but that depends . 
  with the dialect i speak , i live near the border to germany , i can be understood and i understand them in a significant part of nordrhein-westfalen , so i can speak my dialect in cologne and i understand them and they me . 
  this is also the case for belgian limburg . 
  we have been one and were divided some 150 years ago . 
  as the dutch side has a high use of limburgish the belgian side the dialect is in decline . 
  if you 're intersted : http://limburgs.org/en/limburgish, 
  a bit different but do n't forget kerkrade ( dutch ) and herzogenrath ( german ), 
  no , i will miss it !, 
  typical for those dutch living across the big rivers they think they still can order us around as they have done in the past multiple times . 
  the history of the region we call limburg is n't even thought in school . 
  only from the dutch republic and protestant view . 
  we have been roman , spanish , austrian , french . 
  belgian , german and i will forget also a few , so often we did change nationality . 
  i live in limburg , limburgish is better than dutch . 
  with my dialect people in germany , all the way to k\u00f6ln , in fact a considerable area of nordrhein-westfalen understand what i 'm saying and i understand them . 
  their dialects are connected with limburgish . 
  learning german , grammer , spelling and pronunciation is and was easier speaking limburgish this in contrast with the awful pronunciation of the german language by many dutch , mostly from the central and north-western part of the country . 
  belgian limburg , about 150 years ago and dutch limburg were one limburg . 
  get of your dykes there and start climbing the hills here , sail our lakes , take a walk in our woods and the ` peel ' as the band rowwen h\u00e8ze sings : https://youtu.be/ghsxq7iv5jq, 
  no , the netherlands is not there on this map . 
  belgium has the dutch flag . 
  above the northern belgian border , nothing there , just the sea !, 
  you do n't need a bike under water !, 
  maybe you might opt for a ` waterfiets ', 
  level of education ? 
  the netherlands , just not there !, 
  above belgium , which has the dutch national flag , only water !, 
  for decades we are still protected by an ingenieus flooding defence that works !, 
  whiping of the map , a country of 18.000.000 inhabitants ? 
  does the map representing europe as a whole and the individual countries ? 
  representing the worped ramblings of someone who knows nothing of european national borders , national history , national culture , national flags ? 
  eh , yes !, 
  i understand what you mean . 
  still it looks professional but it leaves to much out to make a founded opinion based on facts . 
  it is information of some sorts but that is all what it is !, 
  it looks interesting while in fact it explains nothing !, 
  other countries : which one ( european ) ? 
  to make an balanced informed assessment you need more facts and figures !, 
  for the netherlands i miss : jansen petersen de vries, 
  you seem . 
  to implicate that the netherlands has n't !, 
  we do n't have a state church like some other monarchies have . 
  example great britain were the head of state is also the head of the state church . 
  he did follow the same training as any other to obtain his licence . 
  from 1983-1985 he studied at the united world college of the atlantic in wales , the uk . 
  during his time there he started to take flying lessons . 
  he is an licensed aircraft pilot . 
  in 1989 , willem-alexander flew as a volunteer for the african medical research and education foundation ( amref ) in kenya , and in 1991 he spent a month flying for the kenya wildlife service . 
  to make sure he flies enough hours each year to retain his license , he occasionally flies klm cityhopper 's fokker 70s or the dutch royal airplane . 
  no serious or remotely informative comments . 
  so this is what this is . 
  belgian architect duo built a see-through church for borgloon-heers in belgium , as a part of pit -- art in public space art project organized by z33 in 2011 . 
  ` reading between the lines ' , the actual name of this art in public space , reaches 10 metres in height and consists of 100 stacked layers of steel plate in the shape of a church of loon . 
  the 30-ton construction enables the landscape to be seen through the church , both from far and up-close . 
  the church is both present , but also absent in the landscape -- there as a vague shadow , but also suggesting absence of a church . 
  just for the fun . 
  of it , i did a little research on the alfred jodocus kwak internationally . 
  found this list : arabic : \u0622\u0644\u0641\u0631\u062f \u0643\u0648\u0627\u0643 ( al fard koewak ) danish : rasmus rap german : alfred j. 
  ( pronounce : jot ) kwak english : alfred jonathan quack finish : alfred j. kwak hebrew : \u05e9\u05d0\u05dc\u05ea\u05d9\u05d0\u05dc \u05e7\u05d5\u05d5\u05d0\u05e7 ( sha'altiel kwak ) hungarian : alfr\u00e9d , a kacsa italian : niente paura , c ' \u00e8 alfred !, 
  ( gota ) kwak swedish : alfred jeremias kwak, 
  it is the idea of herman van veen . 
  he is a dutch stage performer , actor , musician and singer/songwriter and author . 
  in addition to performing internationally , he is famous as the creator of alfred j. kwak . 
  the original one-man theatre show was adapted as a dutch-german-japanese cartoon , which was broadcast internationally . 
  in addition to creating the show 's story , herman van veen also wrote , as well as composed and performed , most of the show 's music . 
  it is a map of europe from a game or something like that ` age of discovery ' i ca n't determine how accurate this is . 
  if you want to place a historical map , why not an real one . 
  the size of a country , the netherlands in my case , does n't determine the importance of a country globally . 
  this is a misconception of bigger countries towards smaller ones . 
  they just ca n't get over it that size does n't matter !, 
  the german hymn does n't start with the sentence you start your comment with . 
  it has changed after wwii into : einigkeit , recht under freiheit . 
  only the third stanza of the original is in use now . 
  former west-germany could n't agree on for all acceptable national hymne for some time till they agreed on the third stanza . 
  east-germany changed the text earlier . 
  their own version . 
  still the the essence of both has similarities , while the political ideals where very different . 
  the third stanza , after the re-unification represents current germany the best . . 
  we , limburgers find ourselves also the odd one out . 
  where did you get that list ? 
  incorrect !,
