  noone has a fucking idea . 
  putin can only keep going , because otherwise he would lose his face inside russia . 
  poroshenko too , for the same reasons . 
  therefore , both will violate minsk 2 whenever they are afraid of losing ground . 
   if you guys want to keep assad in power , then do it , get your hands dirty , kill people , drop bombs , all the other ugly things you want the russians to do for you in syria . 
  i do n't think anyone supports the idea of fighting for assad to stay in power . 
  he has proven to be a ruthless dictator , and even though being the lesser evil besides isis , not someone you want to fight together with . 
  i think the action many would support - if it were n't for turkey being a nato ally and a country you would n't want to piss off atm - helping the kurds build their own state , at least in the kurdish parts of iraq and syria . 
  but again , not an option . 
  so the actual question is , do you want european soldiers in syria fighting back isis and fighting to replace assad ( pissing of russia big time ) , or do you just not fight in syria and accept refugees . 
  since pissing off russia even more is n't really what you want to do , and also `` building '' democracies has proven to not work well , you just run out of possible actions - which are the actions europe is taking . 
  offering refuge and arming the ones fighting isis that are not assad . 
  i do n't know if they can settle it , but the raw numbers of available soldiers and superior equipment should at least help . 
  also i think american bombs and jets have been rather effective so far , it 's just going rather slow , as a side effect of having no ground troops there . 
  i 'd say most are okay with pretty much anything that is against isis - a group that basically wants to conquer the world and kill all infidels is hardly one that can be met with anything but war . 
  i 'm not saying we 'd rather get killed than going to war , it 's just it always should be the very last option - in the case of isis , there are no other options . 
  so far , the stance here was more the one that sending our own soldiers would be the very last thing to do before we see isis actually succeed . 
  the approach was pretty much delivering help to anyone already fighting them but assad ( mostly peshmerga ) . 
  so yes , i think you can say we 're okay with war against isis ( as it appears to be the only solution ) and do n't want to do it ourselves if it can be won without us being there ( the stance on that is n't even that different from the one of the us ) . 
  also , we 'd rather see assad going down with isis , but are not willing to risk our soldiers to accomplish that . 
  since russia has an ally ( a rather rare thing for them nowadays ) to lose , there is more on the line for them , so they finally decided the effort is worth it , apparently . 
  but we will have to wait and see how much they actually commit to this . . 
  now let 's be real here . 
  russia cares about not losing one of the few allies they have and not having a terrorist state on their doorstep . 
  assad cares about his power - if he cared about the people of syria , he would n't have the country-wide protests in 2011 shut down by raw brutality , but started a dialogue . 
  with ` rebel thugs ' you are probably referring to the peshmerga , who have n't done anything that justifies being called thugs and hardly much to be called rebels ( so far - who knows whether they 'll try to found kurdistan if isis might be no more ) . 
  they are defending themselves because the syrian army could n't , which is legitimate . 
  the way assad treated his people you had to show him you do n't approve how he does things . 
  what would you propose to do so , besides sanctions ? 
  also they do n't usually spark civil war . 
  iran has been sanctioned for god knows how long and they are not doing too great , but they surely are n't slaughtering each other in huge numbers . 
  to the eu association point - i really have a hard tie to see how that justifies invading the country even in the slightest . 
  the eu is n't russia 's enemy ( or was n't at the time ) , so there really is no reason to get so fucking pissed when a neighbour decides to associate . 
  i mean , if russia had stuck to democracy they could have thought about association themselves a few years from now . 
  instead , putin decided being a part of something does n't cut it , he wants to be a big player . 
  well , a single reddit comment in a rather small sub like r/europe is hardly representative for the public opinion around europe . 
  also , i was referring to the german public opinion , where the topic is very controversial . 
  many in this sub are from eastern europe , where it is usually less so , and more open dislike / hate towards russia , mostly out of fear they 'll bring war to their countries , too . 
  but that has to be expected when you start invading your smaller neighbours . 
  europe and the europeans are a lot more anti-war than probably any region anywhere on th planet . 
  i guess we just had enough of it . 
  culturewise , we 'd triple-check we tried anything else before we go with military intervention . 
  as much as i can guess for france ... 
  i sometimes get the impression that they feel like they 've got something to prove after they got fucked over so hard in ww2 . 
  as much as i can say for germany - we were n't alowed to have a considerable army for a very long time by the allies , which has sort of manifested in our culture . 
  the bundeswehr is n't very respected , basically because we do n't want to have anything to do with war . 
  to russia - many people here still refuse to think of russia as a hostile country . 
  that being sad , that is a topic that can easily start heated discussion and furious debates , as there are very different opinions floating around . 
  personally i hate how russia reacts to what they call ` threats to their zone of influence ' or whatever putin 's latest rhetoric is , there is no excuse to the shithole that eastern ukraine became . 
  so after all i guess many see the military intervention as something that appears to many as something that should have been done already , but noone woud have been willing to risk the lives of european soldiers for it ( which is also bascially why the us has n't done it so far too ) . 
  also , noone knows what to do with the shithole syria became . 
  what to do with it , once you got rid of isis ? 
  assad is not an option , staying there for years and trying to build a democracy has proven to coast shitloads of money in iraq and afghanistan and it did n't even work too well . 
  so , lack of a better solution - noone wants to risk european lives fighting back isis if it helps assad , but if russia does it , you can just agree that assad is the lesser evil compared to isis and let them do their thing . 
  i do n't think there has ever been a powerful country in world 's history that did n't fuck over smaller , weaker countries . 
  for as much as we know , that 's how things go . 
  yes , i feel like many forget that it 's not only an aconomical thing . 
  since i graduated i travelled a lot in europe , and i ca n't imagine how hard and annoying it would have been to have border controls , different currencies and necessity of visas everywhere . 
  it really feels more like a very different part of your home country to be in other eu countries to me , and i really think people do n't appreciate this enough how much we 've grown together . 
  then again , i guess many need to travel more , especially through more than one country per vacation . 
  seriously though , how are things going atm ? 
  since you are not about to drop out of the euro every other day , you do n't hear too much about greece anymore . . last thing i heard was something about reelections rather soon ? 
  seriously though . 
  i mean , it 's a rather fun mobile game , but i do n't want pretty much everything i eat look like an angry bird ? 
  then again , maybe it 's not only about making a fortune , but also about going to the country you think has the resources to actually care for refugees . 
  i mean , if i had to seek help from , say , my neighbours , i would go to the rich neighbours too because they can afford to care for someone more than the poor ones . 
  just to put things into perspective . . it 's still pretty crazy to pay someone to lock you into a truck with 70 others to get to a richer country . 
  current blackwater name is academi , just fyi . 
  it makes sense that people are this way . 
  negative news are something you might need to worry about personally , while positive news are really mostly just something to lighten the mood - which is not too bad , just less important . 
  my fat ass certainly does n't lie when he tells you i 'm a lazy fuck . 
  it 's almost like there are dumb people everywhere . 
  i heard saxony is nice . . 
  the eu is just the perfect scapegoat really . 
  it does n't defend itself publicly against criticism , so you can blame the eu for whatever the fuck you want in an effort to make yourself look better . 
  social workers and the likes . . and even they often make more , at least after a few years in the job . 
  also , they rarely work more than th 40 hours they get paid for . 
  b ) and e ) are probably the most important - if you do n't live near the front , the most likely cause of death is being forcefuly recruited and brought there . 
  so , if you only have money to pay the journey for one , you 'll send the one who is in danger the most and is most likely to make it . 
  just because some idiot calls for it that does n't mean that most of those coming are actually radical . 
  but since we do n't have any numbers on that , we can only speculate and wait and see . 
  i think the big majority of those coming are not some radical invaders , but everyday people who genuinely want to live the shithole that is syria nowadays behind . 
  i do n't think it 's the most radical islamists fleeing here too , since they would have just joined the is back where they 've come from . 
  it could have been a lot better , but we by no means have the apocalypse you are telling me we are doomed to . 
  germany already had a [ 4 million strong muslim population ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_in_germany ) in 2012 . 
  so far , they have n't set the country ablaze . 
  tensions betweens those mostly turkish immigrants and germans have been few and minor . 
  and yes , they already are here in the 2nd or 3rd generation . 
  also , the french may have a higher fertility rate then the germans , but it still would n't be sustainable if it were n't for the high fertility rates of [ immigrants ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_france#fertility ) . 
  all of that being said , i think concerns about religious extremism are legit and it 's a problem we have to find solutions for . 
  which is also why good integration is a must . 
  well , a lot of people are acting like the immigrants are running around like conquerors , so it 's not that silly . 
  concerning the future , we will have to see how many will actually stay . 
  i also think these definitely possible bad outcomes are not certain . 
  the less we fuck up , the less their impact will be . 
  good integration is not impossible . 
  furthermore i even think it is a necessity if we actually want to preserve our culture to get people from outside to adopt it , since our population is shrinking . 
  otherwise we will drift more and more into insignificance in the long run . 
  closing our borders is not a sustainable solution for europe . 
  i do n't .
