   everyone thought . 
  maybe in russia . 
  if you find the time , read [ this ] ( https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/russia-fsu/2014-08-18/why-ukraine-crisis-west-s-fault ) article i linked in my last post in the edit , i think it describes very well where the difference in the thinking processes leading to the crisis lies . 
  it also puts the blame on the west , which you will probably like . 
   russia is not even mentioned in those agreements . 
  therefore there is nothing to violate . 
  on paper , yes . 
  i 'm having a hard time to believe that moscow does n't have a say in what happens there when their weapons and soldiers are involved , but that 's arguably speculation . 
   and then work with that government to actually improve them like you 're doing towards other countries . 
  asks for elections , impose free trade , improve education etc. 
  that sounds great , but you need a partner that is willing to cooperate to that extent . 
  this is the way to go when both sides can agree on basic points both want to work towards . 
  the problem being , that assad would have faced demands in such negotiations he would already have heard from the protesters he had just ordered to be beaten up . 
  probably not a good basis for success there . 
   the best thing world can do - provide humanitarian assistance . 
  ordinal people are the real victims of politics of force towards syria . 
  we can agree there . 
   i have doubts that it 's possible to base human rights and democracy on ruined economy . 
  then again , political change is never based on the success of what you already have . 
  for example , that 's why china is doing great atm , people are okay with the system being undemocratic because it 's doing well so far . 
  the more the growth there slows down , the more people start to ask questions . 
  change is sparked by the need for change . 
  yeah , i 'm really losing interest in discussion with you if you just assume i 'm a racist . 
  i have never thought of arabs as undeveloped and dirty , nor have i stated anthing that would justify the assumption . 
  i 'll still break down your points , but i refuse to keep on discussing if you insult me . 
   strange you do n't want to show same to the poroshenko . 
  this is already where it matters if you believe the ` russian version ' , where poroshenko wants to kill peaceful people that happen to rather be russian , or if you believe the reports about russian soldiers simply appearing in eastern ukraine , bringing arms with them and sparking violent revolution ( which is bound to lead to war ) . 
  personally i do n't believe the conflict would have escalated lke this , if eastern ukrainians would simply have peacefully voiced their wish to be russian . 
  the fact that there were armed rebells made it escalate , and there were armed rebells because of russian arms . 
  these rebells would also probably be dead by now and eastern ukraine at relative peace , if it were n't for russian soldiers on vacation with their tanks . 
  at this point , i just see ukraine defending it 's territory against a russian invasion in disguise . 
  important : i 'm not denying there are ukrainians that want to separate from ukraine and rather be part of russia . 
  but i 'm sure if they would n't have been armed , we would n't have the tragedy that is eastern ukraine today . 
   libya got invaded without any problems . 
  if russia were like you we could bomb the shit out of kiev right after odessa massacre happened . 
  lybia and ukraine can hardly be compared . 
  in lybia peaceful protests and calls for democracy have been brutally suppressed , in ukraine rebells , armed by russia and fighting alongside russian soldiers . 
  nevertheless , odessa was a shameful tragedy , but still not one that can be compared to lybia . 
  it was people killing each other , not the government killing people . 
   clear political/economical etc victory turned into the bloody violent government overthrow and you ca n't see why russia is pissed off ? 
  seriously ? 
  yanukovich backed down because of pressure from moscow . 
  his people did n't like that , leading to the maidan revolution . 
  i 'm not denying that was a peaceful political victory . 
  but i can see why ukrainians got pissed about it - they wanted the association , despite russia not liking it . 
  adding to this , i still do n't understand why russia saw the eu as a hostile system going into this in the first place . 
  in maybe 2000 , this could have been a future option for russia too ( albeit the distant future ) , joining / associating with unions like eu and nato , pushing trade and cultural dialogue - maintaining peace . 
  but sadly , russia has moved away from this , to a worldview where the eu and the west in general are rivals and enemies . 
  my only answer on why that is a sad fact is putin . 
  because the west does n't like when people stay in power too long , silencing opposition , it was a logical step for him personally . 
   at the end of a summit president of the european commission jos\u00e9 manuel barroso stated that the eu will not tolerate `` a veto of a third country '' in their negotiations on closer integration with ukraine . 
  i imagine if it would have been the other way round , putin would have told the eu to shut the fuck up too . 
  influencing negotiations of sovereign states by pretty much blackmailing one of them with threat of trade sanctions is abuse of power . 
  [ long , but interesting read on the development of the ukraine crisis . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/war-in-ukraine-a-result-of-misunderstandings-between-europe-and-russia-a-1004706.html )  till you clearly demonstrate the real cost of your `` european values '' . 
  at last usa are somehow honest in their actions . 
  i do n't know what that is supposed to mean . 
  but in a country where opposition leaders are shot in the streets of the capital and government critics get silenced , i 'd say democracy is in danger at best . 
  i do believe though , that putin has the majority of the people behind him atm . 
   little more than nothing ? 
  economically yes , politically - i guess we had peace now . 
   but yea i noticed that you basically have no idea what 's going on and what happened just recently . 
  and you guys calling us brainwashed ? 
  if we only know the truth ... ? 
  again , i 'll not keep discussing with you if you insult me . 
  how someone can claim to know the only truth is beyond my understanding . 
  regarding the customs union - what exactly is your point ? 
  yes it is old , i was not referring to it . 
  i was referring to sanctioning ukraine for the eu association negotiations . 
  i do n't see the eu doing the same if ukraine had tended towards joining the customs union . 
  the biggest mistake in all this by european politicians was to not realize for a long time how much russia was seeing this as ` them against us ' , because it just was n't perceived the same way in europe . 
  it 's regarded as a thing of the past , a cold war era relict . 
  not so in moscow . 
  when the realization of that kicked in , the eu , especially barroso , missed the opportunity to search dialogue with russia - probably because of being pissed how they handled the ukraine topic . 
  at that point steps could and should have been made that may have prevented eastern ukraine and the actions were n't taken because nobody thought there would be war about it . 
  but that does n't place the whole blame on the eu though . 
  edit : [ another great read on what i mean with the west and russia not being on the same page with their understanding of international politics . 
  ] ( https://www.foreignaffairs.com/articles/russia-fsu/2014-08-18/why-ukraine-crisis-west-s-fault ) - yes , i realize the headline blames the west for the crisis , the essence of the article is more of a misunderstanding though :  in essence , the two sides have been operating with different playbooks : putin and his compatriots have been thinking and acting according to realist dictates , whereas their western counterparts have been adhering to liberal ideas about international politics . 
  the result is that the united states and its allies unknowingly provoked a major crisis over ukraine . 
  there are kurds in syria , but not to a large extent . 
  and yeah , the free syrian army does n't make me hope that they would create anything better that assads syria , sadly . 
   wow , small sub , single comment . 
  it 's top comment with `` 236 points '' atm even gilded . 
  and according to own experience it could define whole mood of / r/europe towards russia pretty well . 
  moreover it 's just a recent gem from the huge collection of similar bizarre things found around this sub . 
  yes , this sub tends to have pretty radical opinions , but i do n't think that those are anywhere near being representative for european population , i think many of the most active users are also the most radical ones on here , trying to influence people . 
  my point being , 236 upvotes on a sub with over 400k subscribers , where many discussions are dominated by rather extreme views basically only tell you that there are 236 idiots out there , not that the european public thinks so . 
   yea with huge `` help '' from the eu http://www.sanctionswiki.org/syria#eu i personally do n't think sanctions against countries where you do n't agree with how the leadership handles matters important to you are a legitimate and peaceful tool to express your concerns . 
  it 's a lot better than just watching from afar , keep trading and telling them you do n't like what they do without any consequences . 
  the fact that there are possible negative outcomes is as true as there are possible positive outcomes . 
  i still think it 's unfair to blame what syria has become on the sanctions , shit started with assads brutal reaction to pro-democracy protests during the arab spring . 
  the rest is consequences . 
   everyone knew exactly same as everyone knew possible outcome of the `` eu association '' in case of ukraine . 
  tbh , i do n't think anyone expected russia to invade ukraine when they negotiated the association . 
  they made a deal with a country willing to make a deal . 
  putin basically bought yanukovich to back down from the agreement - which the ukrainian people did n't like , starting the whole shit . 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine\u2013european_union_association_agreement#stallinghttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine\u2013european_union_association_agreement#stalling ) :  on 26 november 2013 the ukrainian government admitted that russia had asked it to delay signing the eu association agreement and that it `` wanted better terms for the eu deal '' . 
  [ 66 ] `` as soon as we reach a level that is comfortable for us , when it meets our interests , when we agree on normal terms , then we will be talking about signing , '' president yanukovych stated in a televised interview . 
  [ 66 ] the same day russian president vladimir putin called for an end to the criticism of the ukrainian decision to delay the association agreement , and that the eu deal was bad for russia 's security interests . 
  i also do n't think it 's only european politicians being clueless about what to do with syria / ukraine .
