  okay okay , we believe you are an actual advocate . . 
  it proves that the us voting system is ridiculous . 
  i do n't think they 'll be able to protect all their coast to the north pole . 
  of course not , i was merely pointing out that justifying your stance on immigration with the one of saudi-arabia will probably not help to make yourself appear more reasonable . 
  this does n't even make any sense . 
  saudi-arabia is a monarchy with death penalty for adultery . 
  they apparently do n't let people in because they might bring in liberal ideas , so no freedom of speech . 
  that 's pretty low . 
  and i have no fucking idea how refugees coming to your country have anything to do with that . 
  although you could argue that it is kind of a compliment that apparently many people would like to live here . 
  the citizens are apparently ok with it as of now . 
  and they bring other eu countries into it because they think the eu should act more like a country in topics that concern all members ( i 'm aware that especially in the uk that is not a popular opinion ) . 
  you 're not actually arguing we should lower our standards to saudi-arabia levels are you ? 
  c'mon , estonia is nice , some will surely stay . 
  given that so many refugees want to go to scandinavia , maybe they even help you to get into nordic , 
  not the only reason , but an important one . 
  people there do n't give a shit about their country , because they are nothing but former colonies . 
  the people care only about their clan and locals . 
  you might want to look into irans younger history . 
  they were on a great way , until the us fucked it up . 
  do n't worry . 
  as long as we keep that greece-thing going we can basically lend money for free . 
  jesus , thank you . 
  people here are getting paranoid . 
  yes refugees cost money , but that 's about it . 
  this subreddit acts like tomorrow they 'll take our houses , rape our wives and eat our children . 
  it sounds like a good idea , but also like an expensive one . 
  they were able to imstumentalize it one way or the other . 
  whoever did it did them a favor in the long run . 
  salafism and nazism are ridiculously close regarding this . 
   russia did n't threatened any `` sanctions '' . 
  where you got it ? 
  any links ? 
  [ there you go . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukraine%e2%80%93european_union_association_agreement#russia ) raising tariffs and banning certain imports are sanctions - severe ones if an economy is so dependant on another . 
  gas prices rising too . 
  combine that with the threat of invasion on request of the pro-russian regions that makes straight up blackmail to me . 
   do you realize that it 's death note for them ? 
  of course it is , that 's what i 'm trying to get to . 
  that should not have been happening because of the association . 
  the original assumption of european politicians was , that ukraine benefits from increasing trades with the eu and keeps trading with russia like it always did . 
  they did n't know why russia would care . 
  i 'll say once again that i think they made a big mistake pushing further and rejecting trilateral talks once russia made clear that was n't the case - that was pretty much a childish reaction of ` you do n't tell me what to do ' . 
  but i also do n't understand the russian stance on why eu association of ukraine is a bad thing in the first place . 
  i see no need to end partnerships or friendships or trade over that . 
  and i definately do n't see why such a rather harmless agreement would lead to war . 
  i 'm simply confused why they had this ` them against us ' - thought in the first place , and i think that goes for most europeans . 
   police did nothing for a long time . 
  a week or so yes , but [ here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/timeline_of_the_euromaidan#30_november_attack_on_protesters ) they clearly fucked up . 
  it spiraled out of control then . 
   31 % even opposed 39 % said `` unfavourable '' of course it is unfavourable if the consequence is declining trade with russia . 
   white house says it is ` monitoring ' reports russian military is in syria  putin confirms russian military involvement in syria 's civil war  russia puts boots on the ground in syria  russia may be escalating military role in syria  russia deploying air force contingent to syria  `` russia has begun intervention in syria , '' says israeli site  russian moves in syria pose concerns for u.s. 
  still no invasion to be found . 
  an intervention is what it is when you send military in another country to fight there , even if it 's terrorists . 
  the us monitoring this is also not wxactly surprising , as military movements ov other countries are obviously always closely watched . 
   no even talks about `` compensation '' like i said , in the understanding of western politicians there should not have been the need for compensation . 
   yes russia did more providing generous offer accepted by democratically elected government . 
  with all respect to the international laws . 
  and what in results ? 
  eu supported violent government overthrown aligned with their agenda . 
  you could also say it like this : russia tried to buy them out of associating with the eu , while also threatening economic damage if the association would be signed . 
  ukraine government says ` okay fuck , i 'll give in ' . 
  ukrainian people do n't like that and euromaidan happens . 
  and yes , the protesters have met large support from europe because of that - but not in the form of weapons or soldiers . 
  that happened when protests in eastern ukraine started , leading to the mess we have there now . 
   not from entertainment media . 
  but no , / r/europe / better to bash russia and put all blames to commies and evil putler . 
  my sources are n't entertainment media . 
  the spiegel is a very respected news site and magazine , that also voices a lot of criticism towards the eu and the usa . 
  but since you refused to read it , you 'll just believe i 'm stupidly following propaganda . 
  i have only used wiki sources this time for that reason . 
  you probably did n't notice but i did not place all the blame on ` commies and evil putler ' . 
  i have already stated that european politicians made a huge mistake when they rejected trilateral talks . 
  they simply did n't understand the situation at the time . 
  but i also think russia made a huge mistake when they armed the rebells in eastern ukraine and , like i said before , i do n't understand why they felt an eu association of their neighbour would threaten them in the first place . 
  so many mistakes have been made on both sides , which is to be expected with a crisis of that scale . 
  but so far i have only heard from you ` the west is to blame ' - you realize you are acting just like those you are condemning for being brainwashed by media propaganda , but vice versa ? 
   he got equal pressure from russia and the eu . 
  well , the economical pressure being threat of sanctions by russia , crippling the ukrainian economy . 
  the political pressure being the eu rejecting trilateral talks , that could have prevented these sanctions . 
  like i said in my last post , i think rejecting the talks was a big mistake . 
   culture dialog should be based on mutual respect . 
  that really is the baseline problem here - i do n't get why your status quo is to assume we look down on you . 
  i ca n't say i ever got the feeling that the majority here did . 
  though i must say i 'm afraid this has probably changed since the ukraine crisis , as it appeared to most here that russia acted overly aggressive . 
  a call to arms is something europeans - especially here in germany - despise . 
   at the end your peaceful protesters nearly killed yanokovich yep , i never said that maidan stayed peaceful all the way . 
  it started so , but radicalized to a point where way too many violence seeking troublemakers where there . 
  that happens with most protests that get met with police butality though . 
   btw it 's same western media spreading `` russian invasion into syria '' right now . 
  i have n't read such headlines here in the big media . 
  there have been news about russia helping assad , and the us not liking it too much ( apparently because they think it 'll escalate things even more ) , but thats it . 
  no invasion ( german media , that is ) . 
   because just few years ago according to ua polls there were equal amount of eeu and eu supporters in ukraine . 
  my point was that the eu simply made an offer . 
  a ` take it or leave it ' one . 
  russia did more . 
  they made a counter offer and threatened sanctions for when they took the eu offer , knowing ukrainian economy is way too dependent on trade with russia . 
  yanukovich wanted credit that meets the economic damage from this sanctions , which he would n't get . 
  at that point he could n't sign anymore .
