i understand the point you make , and i agree to some extent . 
  no , austria really is n't getting much attention here in germany , but that might be mostly due to political relevance . 
  that does n't mean at all that there ca n't be cultural similarity though . 
  no , i do n't have any further connection to austria besides living relatively close in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg and being there for vacation roughly once a year , it 's just everytime i 'm there i get the feeling of still being in the same culture , just with lots of mountains and people sometimes naming things `` wrong '' :d [ u/alofat ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2lifxf/which_country_do_people_in_your_country_consider/clvkttv ) made a good point by pointing out that there probably are less differences between south germany and austria than between the south and the north of germany . 
  germany itself is very diverse culture wise , so you 'll probably get lots of different opinions on the topic depending on who you ask . 
  while you have a point , my first thought as a german when i read the thread title was `` austria '' , and you can definately say we also share a big part of our history with them . 
  it 's not only a battlecry . 
  i 've seen footage from syria where people were constantly yelling allahu akhbar when grenades hit close to their home and they were in panic . 
  more like [ this guy . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nritydksqpq ), 
  it just triggers emotion so much better and the media lives of emotion . 
  but she is . 
  at least in germany . 
  and while she may not act too conservative in the immigrant crisis , she is for example one of the main reasons why we still have no homosexual marriage equality . 
  so i would n't say she 's very left either . 
  merkel 's streategy is to do what she thinks is what the german majority wants when a topic has a lot of attention , so whatever she does else is not so critically looked upon . 
  that 's why the afd is rising . 
  spd and cdu are almost the same party as of now , right at the centre . 
  sorry , what is cc ? 
   \u0646\u062d\u0646 \u0644\u0627 \u0646\u062a\u0643\u0644\u0645 \u0627\u0644\u0639\u0631\u0628\u064a\u0629 that 's what the google translator did for me , just in case you 'll need a sign , 
  of course . 
  i was merely pointing out that there are people that are too good at this shit to get caught . 
  if someone really knows what he 's doing it is really hard to prove he 's been money laundering . 
  it does happen , but very rarely . 
  i guess that would depend on the wording on the sign . 
  it will have an impact , but i think it will be a minor one - if we do n't make very stupid mistakes from now on , that is . 
  which can be said about a lot of problems . 
  the divisiveness is indeed a problem and that 's the reason why open discussion like it 's happening right now is a good thing . 
  then again , i do n't think the refugees are the reason for this open dispute in our society , but more a topic where the already existing divisiveness shows very well . 
  so it is a good thing actual public discussion started , so we can finally adress concerns that have been merkelized for too long now and maybe we finally start working at actual solutions again . 
  true . 
  the union has to agree on a reasonable policy . 
  we have to ensure people fleeing from warzones get safe and good refuge , while not inviting everyone here who is perfectly safe at home . 
  also we have to take measures in the long run , so there are less people that feel the need to leave their home because there is no future . 
  i think the problem is , that there is no direction we can all agree on where we want to be going . 
  the uk does n't want closer ties , germany and france want it . 
  i think acting more like a federal union will be necessary in the long if we want to stay relevant internationally . 
  you could just go with / ss at that point . 
  great danger my ass . 
  if this continent is doomed because we 're taking in a million refugees we were fucked from the beginning . 
  people are overreacting . 
  to be fair , i would n't exactly call angie hot , too . 
  also , i do n't think sch\u00e4uble wants to be chancellor . 
  i 'm also not sure how many years in politics the dude still has in him , he 's getting old . 
  is it not ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure there are bankers that do that shit all day long and have never faced persecution . 
  i mean , the saudis could pay the best in the business . 
  i 'm not very fond of islam either , which is because i do n't like the concept of religion overall . 
  my hope is , that european culture can do again what it did to european christians - slowly converting them to atheists . 
  of course , that 's more of a ' a bunch of decades down the road ' thing , but still . 
  to add to this , when they are here , we actually have influence on how they develop . 
  the idea that has come up a few times of developing an ` european islam ' as a counter part to the extremists sounds like something that could work and actually save lives ( since it might prevent conflicts ) . 
  indeed . 
  you guys must feel like bill fucking gates himself when on vacation . 
  or more specifically , finnish people on shopping trips . 
  i saw people coming from the ferry , walking straight into the booze shop right where you get of the ferry , loading there cars with beer until there 's no space left , and taking the next ferry right back to helsinki . 
  it 's not fair for tallinn though , it 's a beautiful city that deserves to be visited for more than just alcohol . 
  they probably mostly would n't even know . 
  do n't get me wrong , i do n't want a single mosque here that is financed by saudis . 
  but calling the refugees an invasion because of that questionable `` offer '' does n't make too much sense . 
  after all , they are coming in search for a better life , not to force the shitty life they left behind upon others . 
  [ gon na be good !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gviaoygv8yi ), 
  airports are usually double what you pay anywhere else , and norway is overall double to triple what you usually pay in a western european country like germany . 
  so i can imagine it being true . 
  my drinking habits would bankrupt me in one single evening in norway . 
  prices there are fucking ridiculous . 
  i made a trip there with a few friends and we brought litres of beer for everyone of us from estonia by car . 
  you are mixing stuff up there ... it 's not like the intentions of those fleeing war in syria and those of the saudis are the same . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of the refugees are n't very fond of the house of saud . 
  it is indeed a bit questionable , but it 's still a very pragmatic solution . 
  i wonder if it can be enforced in reality though , as you can probably just funnel money into austria in some shady way and finance it from there ( money laundering 101 ) . 
  well , after all , we 're all sitting in one boat . 
  that 's what our politicians get for treating it like the go-to-scapegoat for basically everything - people wo n't stand together when it counts . 
  german beer is best in the south though . 
  source : am from the south . 
  berliner weisse is not exactly to be taken serious if you actually like beer . 
  aside from that , great city , tons of interesting things to see and very different and interesting people . 
  anyways , good luck on your path , i hope you do n't have to retrain much , it must suck having so much depend on a referendum like this . 
  berlin is great , yes . 
  i guess the more you are specialized in eu law the easier it is , as national law would obviously have to relearned anywhere . 
  chances are that it is easiest in belgium to get a job that requires eu law knowledge ? 
  duh . . consider a move to dublin then , maybe ? 
  but hopefully it wo n't be necessary . 
  good luck on that . 
  good for you finding something that you have passion for and that may earn you money . 
  a hero we do n't deserve . 
  true , but in return , we can not have a trump . 
  did they all speak english ? 
  were n't a lot of people german , french or spanish ? 
  but i think what finally bonded the us was the war against the uk , nothing strengthens alliance like an enemy you can agree on . 
  if shit got serious with russia tomorrow noone would give a shit about little things like these issues . 
  thanks , that is the actual problem here . 
  the union does n't act like a union at all , everyone is just pointing fingers at the others . 
  you could argue for an attack on germany the same way , because some are probably still nazis . 
  the logic behind this is awful . 
  yeah just close the gates and all those boats will have to go back . 
  i 'm pretty sure human rights cover that too though . 
  i hope we can agree that the syrian refugees should n't be forced to stay in syria right now ? 
  and turkey already struggles taking them .
