  there are counter examples btw . 
  in the uk gdp per capita has been growing faster than wages . 
  this is in no small part because more people entered the labor market . 
  sure enough if you compare uk gdp/hour worked ( productivity ) it is lower than france , germany and the us . 
  in this case the productivity measurement is illuminating , what has happened is that more people are working on driving up gdp but they are not producing much more per person and unit of time . 
  when france inevitably liberalizes their labor market we will see a drag on productivity growth as less productive workers enter the labor market but living standards will still increase because more wealth is being produced per person . 
  the problem with debt is of course interest payments , less fiscal space when needed , less stability ( more dependence on financial markets ) and opportunity cost ( why are you borrowing ? 
  well first there is little use in being utopian about these things . 
  if you can come up with mathematics that better describe the value of any goods or services at any given time or place then i hope you 'll save a seat for me at the nobel prize dinner table . 
  second productivity does have predictive validity it 's strongly ( and causally ) correlated with growth , higher wages and it 's even a decent proxy for more direct measurements of living standards such as life expectancy and physical possessions . 
  sure some of the time gdp is just air , sometimes it ignores important things ( wikipedia is free ) but most of the time it 's measuring something real . 
  in sweden the welfare is very big and thick . 
  you will still create jobs and wealth , if you harbor some kind of resentment against the nordics then better to move here and live on welfare . 
  it 's not dumb because productivity is n't measured in cars but in money . 
  a lot of people can assemble bmw 's but very few people can design them which is why markets value the technician or designer more than the factory grunt , their productivity is higher , not in cars but in money which is what matters . 
  he will also pay less while living in poland . 
  when poland underwent market reform the previous state-companies became subject to the same economic forces that every new and imported business in poland is subject to . 
  it makes no difference if the jobs were there before the soviet collapse or came after , now all companies compete on the markets . 
  productivity is a measurement of of output per unit of input . 
  input can be labor and output can be revenue , how much revenue does your labor produce ? 
  that is productivity . 
   when i am doing exactly the same job as a swedish co-worker from the same company , but i am paid a quarter of what he is paid , am i several times less productive ? 
  good and important question , i 'm not the best to explain but i 'll try . 
  when you work by say designing websites you bring in maybe 300 euro a day in revenue for the company you work for . 
  210 euro goes into profit , keeping the company running , taxes , social security , new investment etc. 
  90 euro goes to your wage . 
  strictly economically if someone could do your job ( bring in 300 euros ) but only asked for 80 euros in pay that worker would out-compete you . 
  a swedish programmer asks for 350 euro a day , but he might bring in 600 euros . 
  that leaves the company with 250 euros for other expenses , 40 euro more than if they had hired you in romania . 
  the swede is only twice as productive as you but he can ask for almost 4 times your wage and get it . 
  see how important productivity is ? 
  not quite , productivity is often measured by gdp/hour worked and gdp is the value of consumption + government spending + investment + exports-imports . 
  productivity is lower on paper because the markets do not value the goods and services produced in ee as much as their equivalents in we . 
  profits are not 0 in ee and taxes can have many different effects on productivity both positive and negative . 
  that 's one reason why exports are so important for poorer nations , it is extremely profitable to sell their services and goods abroad in countries with a higher purchasing power . 
  most of the economic success stories of the past 70 years or so have been of countries with an export-oriented growth model like south korea , poland , japan , germany , ireland and also us nordics . 
  yes but if polish wages were as high as the french few companies would move or be created there , why ? 
  because france has all sorts of advantages including inertia , ease of doing business , educated workforce , proximity to other enterprises , availability of quality services , legal infrastructure , etc. 
  when an employer sets up shop in poland there are huge number of advantages and disadvantages associated with that decision and all those ( among many other things ) are embedded in the wage that is offered . 
  wages rise as polish labor become more valuable , for example via better skills and experience or simply reduced supply as the labor force shrinks , but if it raises faster than productivity growth the labor cost also goes up which employers may or may not be willing to pay . 
  in a free market the price of labor will be moving towards equilibrium between what the employers will be willing/able to pay and what the employees will be willing/able to sell their labor for . 
  what goes into that price is so complex that the only efficient way to set it is by decentralizing the workings of the pricing mechanism to all actors within the market ( s ) . 
  it has to do with productivity . 
  if a worker produces value of 300 euro per day but his/her labor cost is 350 euro per day no one will hire . 
  gdp/hour worked in hungary is like , what , a quarter of austria ? 
  which is why their labor cost is also kept at ~ 25 % . 
  you can not raise wages higher than productivity . 
  well you can but then no one will get hired . 
  why would anyone pay a worker to produce less than his or her labour cost ? 
  the european community has proven unable to deal with unforeseen crisis . 
  we failed during the balkan wars , during the financial collapse and now during the migration waves . 
  if we can not even claim control of our own borders then we are nothing but a joke . 
  demographics does have a certain predictability to them however . 
  even if the fertility rate in slovakia jumped to replacement level tonight the population would still shrink and stabilize at a lower level because there simply is n't enough families that can conceive . 
  migration is less predictable of course . 
  everyone who will be a parent in 2030 has already been born and everyone who will be collecting pensions in 2050 too . 
  even if the birth rates jumped to replacement level tomorrow the population size would n't stabilize before the end of this century . 
  importing low skilled migrants from mena is counterproductive as they are a net economic cost . 
  there is little reason to believe the second and third generations will not be a net gain either , these groups have n't been so far and the labor market is increasingly complex . 
  what europe needs is high-skilled immigration from asia and america . 
  historically these groups have been successfully assimilated or integrated and have been a big net gain economically . 
   estonia could reach a level equivalent to 85 percent of the actual living standard of finland in 15-20 years , kaspar oja , economist at the bank of estonia , said . 
  how long this takes depends on the forecast method and source , though oja holds that estonia may never completely be on par with its northern neighbor . 
  follow the op link to continue reading . 
  no offence but it looks dirty and run down , does n't look nice at all . 
  most people are already aware too . 
  you do not see websites or movements complaining about high-end asian labor or american entrepreneurs . 
  at no time during the brexit debate did i hear anyone complain about `` french start-ups '' or `` german investors '' . 
  in general people are provoked by the social , economic and cultural issues that immigration produce and not immigrants themselves . 
  few people in sweden complained before car burnings had become an almost nightly occurrence for example . 
  what is common in all left-wing philosophy is ingratitude , to people possessed by those particular ideologies history is simply a story of injustice , oppression and maltreatment resulting in our current world . 
  they are hostile towards our civilization and way of life as in their pathological perception it is nothing but oppressive . 
  not that there is n't grounds for critique but critique is a constructive act aimed at improvement . 
  this removal of historic artifacts is imo destruction and demolition of our culture . 
  well it 's not wearing anything for starters , some decency is it too much too ask ? 
  also it does n't exactly look like the elephant showered yesterday and that posture is just horrible !, 
  good , these things should n't just pass people by . 
  there is little of empirical proof in economics , there are however a lot of different circumstances . 
  the french leaders ask themselves : why is it that rich people are leaving our country by the thousands , why do many of our most ambitious entrepreneurs move to london , why does our innovation lag , why does our competitiveness shrink , why is n't there more full-time jobs ... ? 
  could it be sunspots making the french dizzy , could london be luring people with its beautiful weather or maybe , just maybe it is actually true , what employers and economists have been saying in polls for years , that it 's actually an exaggerated tax rate , complex regulations and antagonistic unions keeping france back . 
  with lower taxes on corporations the hope is that they will spend more on r&d , so will the government most likely as these cuts are part of a specific effort to comply with the maastricht treaty this year and will be revisited next year . 
  how can spain 's unemployment be so high even though the economy is growing quite fast ? 
  even in the good days before the bust it was still above 8 % iirc , is it the shadow economy ? 
  iirc hollande introduced quite high taxes on high earners , who are often high achievers let 's not forget , which has prompted many of them to leave the country making everyone in france poorer as a result . 
  it also discourages entrepreneurs who are hoping to make it big by innovating new businesses , many creative people in paris move to london to start-up and macron hopes to lure them back with brexit and all . 
  of course people are biased against black people ( in all sorts of ways , positive and negative ) but the iat is rubbish tbh . 
  it is not a valid diagnostic tool , it is not consistent , there is no consensus on what it measures exactly , there is no proof it influences real world behavior and there is no proof you can influence your `` implicit biases '' either . 
  yeah it 's all a zero-sum game after all , except it is n't . 
  strong shoes . 
  would be funny if he was actually 170 cm without them . 
  yes you 're wrong , it measures the value of all goods and services produced within a country ( value of imports subtracted from value of exports ) and divides that number by the population size before controlling for currency fluctuations and cost of living . 
  obviously brunei and oman are special cases , as is norway , ireland and luxembourg btw , but that does n't mean the gdp per capita is useless . 
  it 's used so widely for a reason and frankly this constant objection that it does n't measure economic living standards is overblown . 
  it 's actually one of the best ways to measure economic living standards apart from multi-dimensional ranking system . 
  beautiful architecture / s, 
  some facts but mostly anecdotal tidbits . 
  harris and douglas engage in a mature and polite conversation but most of what they 're saying should be obvious to anyone who has been following these issues for the past years . 
  yes anyone has a right to apply for asylum but not to be granted asylum however . 
  the eu could and should write clear definite criteria that defines the process and conditions that will lead to an asylum grant . 
  meanwhile we should crack down hard on illegal and irregular border crossings into the schengen area and make sure that no kind of residence permit can ever be attained by operating outside the appropriate channels .
