  not that the euro is a bad idea but it is obviously quite poorly implemented . 
  without the euro for example greece would n't have had as much credit to abuse , the drachma would devalue against germanys currency to increase competitiveness and they would have a central bank to counter the bust with low interest rates . 
  with the euro , what advantages have they got ? 
  gdp per capita has been growing for most countries during the last 15 years , sure the euro is viable long-term but not in it 's current state . 
  i think we can all agree that the euro area need either a more integrated fiscal policy or , well , national/regional currencies . 
  everything can be put into a larger context like that but what i meant was that if for example spain had its own central bank they could have handled financial crisis better . 
  because i did n't check properly . 
  they would do better without the euro that 's for sure , that would at least mean they had a monetary policy . 
  the reforms are n't specified , what we mean when we say that structural reform is necessary is that parts of the french society does n't function effectively , it might even be bad for the country as a whole . 
  the local administrations in france for example has too much unecessary bureaucracy , not only is it expensive and ineffective but it actually harms local companies and any source of initiative that involves the public sector . 
  another example might be a tax burden that is too large , complex legal landscape , corruption and a clumsy labour market without flexibility . 
  there are several ways to deal with these issues but one thing is for sure : structural reforms * are * necessary, 
  what worries me about the french is that unlike the spaniards , portuguese and even italians they see to lack any serious reform will . 
  not that spain , italy and portugal could n't do more but they 've proven more pragmatic than the french so far . 
  are we talking economical size or population size ? 
  in case of economic size , you 're right it 's not written in stone . 
  the prognosis is based on [ predictions ] ( http://www.cebr.com/reports/cebr-world-economic-league-table/ ) done by the world economic league . 
  it does , however , seem quite likely especially considering the changing population landscape in europe . 
  u guys mirin ? 
  the uk and germany should meet at about 70-75 million in 2030 i think . 
  population figures have more merit than you know , they 're actually quite accurate . 
  the largest error margains is in migration numbers , the very old and the very young . 
  even if this projection differs with 3 million ( quite inaccurate ) germany will still be overtaken by uk/france in a few decades . 
  yeah but i heard ireland has some issues with emigration , the population might grow anyway though i do n't know for sure . 
  okay but the facts do n't change , germany will ( most likely ) not be europes most populous country for much longer which i got ta say feels like a shame because i like having a powerful germany in the center of things believe it or not . 
  https://www.destatis.de/en/publications/specialized/population/germanypopulation2060.pdf?__blob=publicationfile no nazi , i just admire german state-building . 
  you do n't though germanys population peaked at 82 million some time ago , in 20 years both france and the uk will have larger populations and larger economies than germany assuming the trend does n't change much . 
  swedes are pretty stupid when it comes to immigration , most people are n't practical at all . 
  the average swede knows alot about tax policy and such but when you ask them about immigration it 's either `` we can afford it , i 'm no racist , what 's a human life worth ? '', 
  or `` immigrants are destroying the country , they should be deported , i 'm no racist islam is n't a race . '', 
  few people actually debate the real effects of immigration and even fewer have any serious reform suggestions . 
  pfft why would anyone consider plants more important than humans , are you a plant perhaps ? 
  spain , italy and germany has birth rates far below the replenishment rate i believe and most of eastern europe as well . 
  the fastest growing countries right now is the uk , france and sweden . 
  here you go nireon , just a quick google search away : http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/sp.dyn.tfrt.in, 
  feels bad man, 
  it means that he is from france seeing as you seem to lack basic language skills . 
  rubbish i 've lived in malm\u00f6 and while it 's relatively poor by swedish standards it 's a great city . 
  - clean like any other swedish town - contrary to popular belief the crime rate is n't very high . 
  violent crimes are about half of oslo 's rate or one fourth of amterdam 's i think . 
  - decently exciting architecture for a town of its size . 
  - great weather ( again by swwedish standards ) - close to the continent and really close to copenhagen - people are nice , that includes the arabs and turks . 
  - will concieve some parts are populated by unemployed and marginalized rabble but not worse than any other north european city really . 
  also it 's not an `` arab country '' it looks like [ this , ] ( http://www.sydsvenskan.se/images2/2013/11/22/heamalmoovan57.jpg ) [ this ] ( http://www.eventnews.se/bilder/steakhouse.jpg ) or [ this ] ( http://www.cleanworld.se/m.jpg ) even roseng\u00e5rd the `` oh so horrible immigrant ghetto '' looks like [ this . 
  ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/10/roseng%c3%a5rd_fr%c3%a5n_%c3%b6ster.jpg ) so cut the fear mongering , yeah malm\u00f6 has an exposed position as a gateway to the continent and there is a lot of unwanted immigrants but it 's no worse than copenhagen or gothernburg . 
  the city just got labeled `` swedens chicago '' because of a serial shooting in 2009 . 
  the united states is a very wealthy country with high living standards . 
  an argument could be made that northern europeans enjoy a better quality of life than americans and i would be inclined to agree though the difference is n't very large . 
  it 's hard to say what country is the `` best '' though as there are perks and drawback to all nations . 
  for example you would make more money in the us than spain but you would also be more exposed to crime . 
  not really , yes china has greater administrative challeges than switzerland but there is really nothing that says a large country will have less economic success than a small one . 
  both the usa and germany are richer than france while smaller countries like bulgaria , macedonia and hungary are poorer . 
  as far as i could tell the credit suisse still put the usa as one of the absolutely richest countries in the world . 
  because statistics are relative , it would n't matter if sweden had a population of a 100 million and france had a fifth of that the statisics would still be valid . 
  only really small countries like luxembourg or monaco have a population small enough to twist the numbers . 
  they definitely should seeing as us productivity has increased by 12,6 % since 2007 . https://rwer.wordpress.com/2015/02/25/falling-real-wages-in-the-usa-2007-2014/, 
  i do n't know about room , there is currently a housing crisis . 
  that 's too bad , in 20-30 years both france and the uk will have larger economies than germany should the trends continue . 
  deutschland will loose influence . 
  does germany have no plans to try and reverse their declining demographics ? 
  i only have this swedish source available right now : http://www.ekonomifakta.se/sv/fakta/ekonomi/produktion-och-investeringar/produktivitet--internationellt/ as you can see belgium is the fourth most productive country in the world and netherlands is the 7 : th . 
  sweden is barely above the euro average , this is worrisome because productivity is one of the most important factors for prosperity long-term . 
  there is much ado about increasing our productivity in sweden right now , if we succeed we will stay one of the worlds richest countries , if not belgium and the dutch might very well pass us . 
  if you want to look for other sources i suggest the oecd or the imf - just google them . 
  really , is that like an official goal ? 
  the truth ? 
  you ca n't handle the truth, 
  the results are not very outstanding though : life expectancy is years behind most of europe . 
  productivity is very important , especially long-term but can you explain what you mean with : `` the us needs to be approx . 
  2 % better then germany for example to generate the same growth for all people because they are so much younger . '', 
  cielroto is right , the oecd overestimates the us wealth by a large margain , both switzerland , norway and perhaps also the rest of northern europe are definitely richer than the us . 
  you 're more than halfway there already , dutch and especially belgian workers are very productive . 
  the benelux area is only a decade of reform away from being some of the wealthiest countries in the world . 
  well both the netherlands and belgium are wealthy countries . 
  the dutch gdp per capita is higher than both sweden and denmark i think but real wages are lower . 
  swedens gdp per capita has n't grown very much since there has been a large immigration wave during 2013 and 2014 these immigrants have yet to establish themselves on the labour market so they only show up in the gdp statistics as a larger population to divide the gdp with . 
  natural recources is far from a guarantee for wealth , for example : switzerland has little of that while russia has a lot . 
  http://www.oecdbetterlifeindex.org/#/22222222222 as you can see australia , canada , denmark , sweden and norway places highest overall . 
  though obviously the netherlands and belgium are great places to live . 
  they do , however , score much lower on all other charts . 
  the oecd statistics are strange sometimes , for example poland is much safer than sweden according to their index . 
  i trust the oecd more than most other organizations but sometimes they are a bit off . 
  not that france and belgium are poor countries but i challenge you to find another chart that confirms they are richer than norway . 
  adjusted for purchasing power the us places 6 : th in income before taxes and deductions . 
  the list goes like this : 1 , luxembourg 2 , norway 3 , sweden 4 , australia 5 , denmark 6 , the usa source : gallup, 
  the oecd statistics include a `` social inequality '' chart , it 's in there . 
  yes this is an important point , especially since oecd counts income after taxes and public survices are n't considered except for how it might influence the other criteria . 
  oecd places them at roughly the level of denmark , the `` where-to-be-born '' index ( previously quality of life ) places them tied with germany and then there is this : http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2013/06/01/astonishing-numbers-americas-poor-still-live-better-than-most-of-the-rest-of-humanity/, 
  healthcare systems can be reformed , most americans are insured throught their work anyway . 
  also : - lower taxes - higher wages - lower cost of living but sure most developed european countries have a more effecient healthcare system than the us , i doubt it will stay that way for long though . 
  well are n't you a pessimistic one . 
  no recession has ever lasted forever so sooner or later we 'll get out of this one , there is a lot of growth potential in europe with robust structural reforms there is no reason we could n't be as wealthy as the americans - the only major future obstacle is a declining and aging population . 
  france and belgium mostly face structural issues but there is great potential there . 
  austria , sweden , denmark , finland , norway , the netherlands , germany and switzerland are all still recovering but faring well even when compared to the us and uk . 
  also gdp growth is n't everything , in the us real wages have remained more or less stagnant since the 1970 while swedish wages have grown at a rate of about 1,5 % annually . 
  yes on average at least . 
  although some countries will probably keep up : austria , scandinavia/nordic countries , uk , netherlands , switzerland , germany and perhaps also france and belgium . 
  `` swedish '', 
  keep coping downvoters you know i 'm right, 
  cope , european growth is , and will continue to be , subpar .
