  even so i 'd say that since less than 1 % have been subjected and most sexual crimes are commited within the family you should n't be scared if you 're a girl and feel like walking the streets of gothernburg , stockholm or malm\u00f6 late at night . 
  copenhagen though , i 'd watch my shoulders , those danes are some horny bastards that 's for damn sure . 
  i do n't think most people are so positive really , i certainly are n't , there is a large opinion base for more restrictive immigration . 
  the new party `` sverigedemokraterna '' is tapping into that demographic , hence why they are growing rapidly . 
  unfortunately the issue becomes hijacked by morons far too often . 
  i already have mate and the most uncomfortable thing i found is that some people think it 's legit . 
  i wanted to reply to another estonian actually who went on about that rubbish immigrant scaremongering in length, 
  well i 'm not exactly thrilled with our asylum grants myself but these people are obviously a pest . 
  since we 're comparing anectdotal evidence i might as well tell you guys that i 've been living here 19 years and one time some kid at school stole my bicycle seat but that 's all the experience i 've had with the criminal underworld . 
  my little sister had her bicycle stolen i think but that 's it for our family , no rapes , no assualts , no anything really . 
  blue is reported crimes , red is number of rape cases and green is number of victims . 
  it 's rather a question of definition , in sweden the police records all instances of suspected offence regardless how silly . 
  that 's why the `` sexual offene '' statistics include stuff like `` inappropriate staring '' . 
  another factor is the gender equality , it has been linked to rising rape statistics , norway and denmark also has some pretty scary statistics compared to italy or greece but no serious criminologist actually believes women there are more exposed . 
  there are tons statistical anomolies that drive the number up . 
  it 's all here in this study , here 's the abstract :  using swedish rape statistics as a focus , this article aims to empirically describe the way in which different factors affect official crime statistics produced at the national level . 
  it is argued that cross-national comparisons of crime levels are extremely hazardous when based on official crime statistics , since the construction rules vary widely . 
  international comparisons of crime levels should as a rule be confined to findings of international victim surveys . 
  the example of rape statistics in sweden - about three times higher when compared to other countries in the european sourcebook - is used to explain what factors can influence statistics . 
  statistical , legal and substansive factors are to be taken into account . 
  the author shows that changes in statistical routines , the legal definition of rape and changes over time all influence the statistics in a substansive way . 
  this article indicates the great extent to which crime statistics are a construct , whose appearance is very sensitive to the rules applied in the process of construction . 
  in order to employ statistics appropriately , a thorough knowledge of the principles guiding this process is therefore essential . 
  http://link.springer.com/article/10.1023%2fa%3a1008713631586 by the way , why do i hear this kind of stuff from estonians so often ? 
  not to sound condescending but this is kind of why you guys are sometimes lumped together with other eastern europeans . 
  did anyone actually believe that `` rape capital '' crap in the first place ? 
  just lol . 
  most people are n't very immigration friendly honestly , but we do have a large number of migrants arriving each year . 
  you guys joined the eu , deal with it . 
  maybe i came off to confrontational , i just wanted to add to the discussion . 
  ooops, 
  thank you france for the rivi\u00e9ra . 
  thank you belgium for pommes frites thank you italy for the pizza thank you denmark for keeping to yourself ( jk thanks for the cheap alcohol ), 
  the expectation was 0.4 % increase though , so a slight let down . 
  consider that france has an increasing population while germany do n't so the growth does n't necessarily mean a rise in living standards . 
  also germany has still grown much further from their 2006 output han france so in a way it 's catch up growth rather than anything else . 
  still , it 's better than stagnation and i 'm sure we can all agree that sooner or later france will become the economic powerhouse we need it to be , or at least recover to a sustainable and inclusive growth rate . 
  i 'm all for it , seems like a fair distribution . 
  aww . 
  we all like romania do n't we ? 
  every drop of the brethren-peoples blood is more precious than water in a desert . 
  irish gon ' be fat lol, 
  i do n't get it . 
  it would n't surprise me if immigrants , at least the first generations , had more kids . 
  the population of both france and sweden is growing fast due to high immigration . 
  curing aging is the dream, 
  that remains to be seen , so far off-european immigration has mostly brought tensions and a whole lot of segregation . 
  no to hot on the whole environmentalist angle honestly , the last 20 years have proven that both economic and population growth is compatible with reducedd emissions . 
  as for food and recources , you may be right but there is a lot of room for increased effeciency, 
  innteresting , we could see increased focus on automation , health care research and hopefully more respect for the human life . 
  always look at the bright side . 
  yep according to eurostat that 's how it is . 
  sad to see , although obviously people are crossing the meddeterranean in hords so no shortage of influx . 
  yes or i think ireland has them beat . 
  welfare policies and successful marriages seems to be quite effective . 
  it 's far too early to tell , japan is still in the beginning stage of its demographic transition . 
  good advice, 
  hopefully the competition will include things like : general safety , access to services and overall quality of life . 
  the real question is what will happen to the countries that ca n't compete , will they literally die out ? 
  this has been successfully tested out in sweden and france but i do n't think it will solve the problem entirely . 
  bring her with and have some kids man , it 's gon na be gud . 
  interesting , a functional immigration system could be the future . 
  perhaps european countries will compete for immigrants in the future , good news for our living standards . 
  have sex with an actual woman mate . 
  pretty legit i guess , we could start with banning all porn and by making contraception illegal - plus tax breaks for families with young kids . 
  interesting , thanks, 
  maybe a few more hours , like 40-45 a week, 
  you know better than me, 
  quite strong but not very confrontational . 
  well are n't the hours on strike quite similar ? 
  i know little of the norveigan labour market other than workers generally work slightly less hours than in sweden . 
  interesting , in sweden there is actually a strong consensus culture and it extends to the union disputes . 
  generally there is little conflict . 
  it 's the swedish model , the unions and employers negotiate large agreements speifically designed to avoid conflict . 
  they 're called `` kollektivavtal '' and are a large part of the swedish labour market , there is no minimum wage for example it 's all in the agreement . 
  yeah i did n't think , forgot he was a spaniard . 
  yes it will be very hard for you to immigrate unfortunately but if you came from the general middle eastern area and claimed to be syrian you would be granted permanent asylum along with a few of your family members . 
  there is that but the system is working very badly as well , sweden is * the * ( or close at least ) worst at integrating immigrants in the oecd so there are a lot of reforms to be made . 
  sd is growing rapidly as far as i know . 
  if i applied for danish citizenship , would you guys have me ? 
  i 'm thinking about reforming the immigration system and somehow managing to integrate ( or assimilate ) the segregated immigrant classes . 
  the worst thing is i really do n't know who 's gon na clean up this mess . 
  glad to hear the tale of our generous asylum grants are spreading the globe ... 
  perhaps the church had a place as a unifying institution during the middle ages but ever since the scientific revolution switched gear in the late 1400 's the church has been in direct opposition to secular state building and scientific knowledge . 
  too bad i find your comments amusing , perhaps if i answer your initial question you might continue to entertain ? 
  i would do with refugees the same ting i would with other immigrants : try to ease their way into society to become productive , well functioning and hopefully happy citizens . 
  a successful integration is one where the immigrant feels as part of his/her new society . 
  i guess the answer to your question is : there should n't be any `` non-lucrative '' refugees . 
  of course that is more of a vision much like the police has a goal of zero traffic deaths . 
  what you fail to understand is that a functional system like this requires a * regulated * immigration . 
  that means that the borders are de facto closed to some people and not all refugees will be granted asylum . 
  the asylum also should be temporary with the option to apply for full citizenship if the refugee fulfills certain requirements like learning the local language , being able to support oneself , have n't commited any crime etc. 
  i would also like sterner action to treat the causes of people being displaced like a stronger un mandate to make it easier to assemble large peace keeping coalitions and real public investment instead of just sending money to developeing nations the west might institute a fund that builds roads , schools and hospitals etc. 
  also , i 'm dark haired , does that make me a member of the opressed ? 
  quite pathetic honestly , pragmatism just is n't in your vocabulary is it ? 
  i have no interest in `` what-if '' scenarios because unlike you i populate the real world , and if you want your ad hominen accusations about racism to carry any weight in the future you really should stop throwing it around so arbitrarily . 
  when i read you wo n't argue * `` because ... fuck you '' * i just had to laugh . 
  oh , and another thing . 
  i 'd like to see you live by your own words , how much money do you spend on luxuries each month ? 
  well , quit it and donate the money to the red cross .
