  three southern regions -- calabria , basilicata and campania -- are among the 20 that have received least investment in the whole of western europe . 
  there are exceptions . 
  the franco-italian multinational stmicroelectronics has invested in several semiconductor and biotechnology projects in sicily and employs more than 4,000 . 
  apulia has become italy 's largest producer of solar energy chiefly thanks to eu funding and international investment : the region has secured 14 renewable energy projects from 11 different companies since 2009 . 
  but most other regions hardly receive any foreign investment . 
  of an estimated 50,000 jobs created by fdi in italy since 2009 , only about 400 were in the southern regions of basilicata , molise and calabria . 
  the south 's beaches and weather did not even help it get much tourism investment . 
  only two foreign companies have invested in opening hotels in the south of italy since 2009 and none in the past four years . 
  the spanish region of catalonia has attracted fdi for 41 tourism projects over the same period . 
  unsurprisingly , tourism in the south of italy is far less international . 
  over 70 per cent of tourism is domestic , compared to 50 per cent in the south of spain . 
  the proportion of staycationers reaches 80-92 per cent in the regions of apulia , basilicata , abruzzo and molise . 
  so why would investors neglect an area rich in cultural heritage with relatively good infrastructure and plenty of well-educated job seekers ? 
  part of the reason is the inefficiency caused by `` overlapping responsibilities between central and local governments , especially over areas of national importance such as infrastructure and the labour market '' , as the latest country survey by the organisation for economic co-operation and development warned . 
  a first attempt to re-centralise some of those policies failed when italy voted against constitutional reform in a referendum last year . 
  but the bigger problem is the poor quality of institutions . 
  despite recent progress , italy 's justice system remains comparatively complex , slow and opaque . 
  the average time to enforce contracts in italy is more than three years -- about double the average of oecd countries . 
  in the southern city of bari , enforcing contracts takes on average more than 5 1/2 years , according to the world bank . 
  southern italian regions all rank lower than 200th among 236 regions inspected by the european commission on a more general index of the quality of government services . 
  in other words , the south 's need is for a more business-friendly environment , rather than state aid or tax incentives . 
  this is well-known to economists and politicians , but it is nonetheless difficult to implement . 
  even pier carlo padoan , italy 's finance minister , recently told a conference on inequality : `` if we decide to allocate tax incentives to firms in the italian southern regions . 
  we risk wasting money . '', 
  people are drowning because there is a strong incentive to cross the mediterranean , by removing the incentive the number of deaths will be reduced . 
  yes immigration is n't uniform and citizens understand that very well . 
  it 's actually a bit insulting to all of our intelligence when polls frame this ridiculous dichotomy where you are either for or against immigration . 
  most rational persons will be for high-skilled immigration from places like asia or america but sceptical towards low-skilled immigration from places like africa and the me . 
  there is also a big difference between 100 000 immigrants a year and 2 000 000 immigrants a year for example . 
  it improves flexibility for companies making it easier for the pool of workers to grow or shrink depending on the circumstances . 
  noncompetitive companies can shrink and get replaced by new more competitive firms in a process sometimes called `` creative destruction '' . 
  in the long-term this enhances productivity and development which drives growth . 
  it also reduces uncertainty , cost and commitment when hiring which will help increasing employment . 
  more people working means that more of the productive capacity of the population is utilized which grows the economy . 
  it encourages entrepreneurial activity by making it easier to hire workers . 
  that helps growth but also innovation which raises living standards and solves problems . 
  by allowing companies to discuss their own labor deals rather than being subject to industry wide negotiations it helps improve the competitiveness of firms which increases sales which grows the corporation which hires more workers and invests creating a virtuous cycle that grows the economy . 
  by lowering unemployment workers will become more scarce thus increasing their value expressed in wages . 
  higher wages means higher consumption means more growth . 
  more workers in the labor market means more human capital being developed means higher growth long-term . 
  etc etc. 
  i 'm sure you already know this but growth is paramount as it increases the total wealth available which might become subject to more or less redistribution depending on your political leanings . 
  increasing growth should therefore be in the interest of all regardless of political affiliation . 
  it 's a boot on your face and a speaker in your ear telling you how glad you are to have that boot on your face . 
  in the end this is still market forces at work . 
  the labor shortage in the cee gives the unions bargaining power to demand additional wage hikes which in turns gives the employers more incentive to increase productivity ( via automation for example ) and thus successively raising living standards . 
  a clear definition of what constitutes sexual harassment would also be nice . 
  you know so i can avoid doing it without being somewhat paranoid of even interacting with the opposite sex . 
   i would say that these factors contribute more to the current economic success than the agenda 2010 reforms . 
  why would you say that ? 
  legit , i 'm looking sharp and feel like i can do anything . 
  feeling very confident . 
  but i feel like i should get more money . 
  fucking incompetent bankers but what can you do ? 
  people trust these clown bankers with their money , if the banks go bust the whole economy tanks . 
  right , it 's a demographic tidal wave building that threatens to sweep us away and yet so few people are talking about it . 
  yes the swedish economy have been doing well for a while now . 
  finding a job is easy , construction is happening all over the place and i swear i see more sportcars than a few years ago . 
  this chart ends in 14 ' . 
  since then germany has outperformed most other member states . 
  however almost all of europe has seen improved growth since 2015 . 
  does any french ( wo ) man here want to weigh on whether or not you think macrons reform package will actually be achieved ? 
  who would have guessed ? 
  contemporary crap tbh and imo . 
  warsaw is looking better by the month , the renovations of historic buildings and modern infills is really transforming the city for the better . 
  economy is booming too i hear . 
  iq levels ? 
  i 's the economy stupid, 
  why would russia have any interest in keeping wild animals in the circus ? 
  1960 's booming economy , strong sense of community and low taxes . 
  i 'm romanticizing , i actually was n't alive back then but people who were i 've spoken to say those were the days . 
  will we make it ? 
  people shouldnt start fires in public places unless they 're using a grill tbh . 
  the divergence is stark , when transitioning out of the socialist economy poland and the ukraine were at similar footing , now poland is roughly four times richer . 
  poland got tied into the european sphere and ukraine got tied into the russian sphere , that 's part of it . 
  germany 's booming economy has given dirk seitz a headache . 
  aluplast , his manufacturing company , is thriving but mr seitz is struggling to add to its german workforce . 
  unemployment in prosperous karlsruhe , where the plastics maker employs 600 , is just 3.1 per cent . 
  `` we are fighting to hire workers , '' he said . 
  `` we are collaborating with four training schools in the area . 
  we even went to greece and spain and hired about 30 people from there . 
  it is amazing what you have to do to find the right people . '' the recruitment problems at the likes of aluplast would seem to make germany a ripe environment for sought-after workers to demand blockbuster pay increases . 
  in fact the country is struggling to break out of a long period of moderate wage inflation -- something of consequence beyond the wallets of its workers . 
  the international monetary fund has warned higher wage growth in germany is needed to sustain the eurozone recovery by increasing the country 's purchasing power and making other countries ' companies more competitive . 
  higher wages would also be in germany 's interests as by improving the overall eurozone economy , it would make it easier for the european central bank to bring an end to its era of ultra-low interest rates -- something that german savers have long complained about . 
  central bank policymakers suggest that german nominal wages need to grow at least 3 per cent annually to reflect the ecb inflation target of just under 2 per cent and a further 1 per cent in productivity gains . 
  but the last time that happened in germany was in 2011 . 
  last year nominal wages rose by 2.3 per cent despite unemployment falling close to post-reunification lows . 
  ig metall , germany 's largest union , which represents metal and industrial production workers -- many of whom work for export-driven companies -- last year agreed a 4.8 per cent pay deal spread over 21 months and worth 2.7 per cent a year . 
  related article german growth picks up speed in first quarter gdp data could boost merkel ahead of regional election this weekend aluplast 's workers are not covered by collective bargaining and negotiate individually . 
  mr seitz said overall salary packages -- including wages -- had increased on average by more than 2 per cent in 2016 . 
  mario draghi , ecb president , this month said `` backward looking negotiations '' , based on low inflation rates seen in previous years , were one reason for moderate wage growth . 
  but other factors range from decade-old labour reforms to skill shortages and employee priorities that go beyond pay packets . 
  employers and employees alike are reluctant to disrupt years of hard-won competitiveness gains that turned germany from the `` sick man of europe '' into an export champion . 
  `` german companies and workers remember what they had to do to become competitive . 
  they have that in mind now and that will remain in mind in the future too , '' said jonas prising , head of manpowergroup , which researches labour market trends . 
  manufacturers can easily threaten to switch production to lower-cost countries , he added : `` there is an understanding that we live and compete in a global environment . '' exporters still pay 27 per cent more than the average german company , according to deutsche bank research . 
  but with the proportion of workers covered by collective bargaining dwindling , trade unions have sought to maintain their influence through broader agreements that have given members more job security and benefits such as better pensions and training , rather than focusing solely on wages . 
  meanwhile the rights of lower-paid workers have been hit by the sweeping labour market and welfare reforms introduced in the 2000s by spd chancellor gerhard schr\u00f6der . 
  while some credit those changes for the fall in unemployment , critics say they left workers more vulnerable and less able to push for better wages .
