  anything is better than assymetric shocks . 
  it is also evident that european nations can not cooperate efficiently , re-nationalizing power will make europe more flexible and more effective . 
  trade , movement , border security , foreign policy and perhaps the justice system could be handled regionally . 
  corporate and employment regulations should be standardized . 
  gross domestic product  what is ` gross domestic product - gdp ' gross domestic product ( gdp ) is the monetary value of all the finished goods and services produced within a country 's borders in a specific time period . 
  one of the most basic economic measurements . 
  yes jordan peterson , i had an interest in jung before i found his channel though . 
  i see , and how is that different from simply confirming that liberalism is the dominant social and economic philosophy in the west ? 
  the fact that it is a perceptual and motivational `` framework '' should be obvious as those are inherent qualities of all ideology . 
  i do n't see a useful distinction . 
  `` people do n't have ideas , ideas have people '' - carl jung . 
  one of those quotes you can really think about . 
  the source was investopedia maybe you should mention the book you suddenly brought up . 
  neoliberalism is an epistemic framework , i.e a methodology to obtain knowledge , that makes very little sense . 
  what do you mean ? 
   if such theories are so harmful , they 'd be quite easily debunked and surely no self-respecting academics would bother with them , would they ? 
  you would think so , no social scientists call themselves a national socialist for example and yet that only went spectacularly wrong once . 
  the thing is marxism is very attractive to intellectuals with a compassionate inclination because it is predicated on ideas of equality and inclusion . 
  meanwhile political ideologies will always be attractive as predigested models of how society operates that offers a ( false ) sense of moral virtue , identification of your enemies , a working model that can seemingly describe everything with minimal thinking of your own and lots of other benefits . 
  now very few people are full-blown marxists , maybe they only sympathize with some of marx 's ideas or they consider themselves less radical but in a sense that means the ideology is alive and well on the collective level . 
  there is also a deceitful language game being played in which the marxist nomenclature is switched while preserving the underlying corrupt philosophy . 
  there is not much different between the idea of `` class guilt '' and `` white privilege '' for example . 
  as for why france is such a hotbed ? 
  the revolution comes to mind . 
  no it was a semantic point that degenerated . 
  the main point , of course , is that the marxist ideas are incredibly dangerous and harmful yet there still exists so many apologists , especially in france . 
  obviously the `` framework '' of neoliberalism exists along other categorizations like for example the more currently fashionable `` right-wing populism '' but is it a useful concept ? 
  imo , no not at all . 
   the exact meaning and usage of the term has changed throughout time . 
  in its earliest sense , neoliberalism referred to an economic philosophy popular among 1930s european liberal scholars , a sort of middle road between classic liberalism and socialist planning . 
  the use and popularity of the term `` neoliberal '' declined steadily , specifically in the 1960s . 
  neoliberalism gained popularity again in the 1980s , connected to chilean economic reforms issued by augusto pinochet . 
  during this time , the term gained a negatively slanted connotation and was used primarily by critics of market reform . 
  the meaning of the term also shifted to indicate a more radical laissez-faire capitalist pool of ideas . 
  most scholars began to associate the term with friedrich hayek and milton friedman . 
  this new meaning of neoliberalism , popular among spanish-speaking scholars , diffused into the english-language study of the economy . 
  however , the term is rarely heard in the united states . 
  end quote . 
   you 're completely out of your depth , because of ideological reasons . 
  spare me the motivational analysis , you could n't have missed the mark more than you did . 
  you are free to enlighten me on these alleged `` important differences '' btw inb4 `` neoliberalism is more radical and tied with financialization '' . 
  i do n't believe you are being consciously biased but the fact of the matter is that while neoliberalism is an actual word it is not a distinct political philosophy or economic theory . 
  the word is primarily used to describe the 20th century reemergence of classical liberal laissez-faire economic ideas almost always in a pejorative manner highlighting such issues as accountability , worker/capital conflict , `` big business '' , inequality in a modern globalist framework . 
  calling something `` neoliberal '' is simply calling it liberal only with the connotation of reagan/thatcher/austrian school economic deregulation and the added undertone of disapproval . 
  just stick to liberalism the idea of `` neoliberalism '' is about as useful as `` the establishment '' . 
   there is no economic theory or coherent political ideology that self identifies as `` neoliberal '' . 
  hayek was an `` austrian economist '' , reagan was a `` conservative '' in contrast there is no neoliberal movement or philosophy . 
  instead it 's a very broad and amorphous characterization that is designated upon a phenomena almost always with derogatory purpose . 
  liberalism is a well established concept , skip the modifying `` neo '' in front of it if you want to engage in reasonable discussion please . 
  in the paper you linked the authors track liberal economic and political ideas throughout time until they culminate in thatcher and reagan . 
  of course they themselves choose to label this `` neoliberal '' , a categorization of their own . 
  there is no economic theory or coherent political ideology that self identifies as `` neoliberal '' . 
  hayek was an `` austrian economist '' , reagan was a `` conservative '' in contrast there is no neoliberal movement or philosophy . 
  instead it 's a very broad and amorphous characterization that is designated upon a phenomena almost always with derogatory purpose . 
  liberalism is a well established concept , skip the modifying `` neo '' in front of it if you want to engage in reasonable discussion please . 
  preferable to socialism . 
  if only the socialist intellectuals could run things instead , this time for sure ... 
  there is no such thing as `` neoliberalism '' btw that is a made up pejorative term in practice synonymous with `` too liberal '' . 
  people like you are dangerous . 
  not that i 'm a conservative but what a ridiculous characterization , you sound like you have n't even heard of edmund burke , thomas hobbes or dostoyevsky . 
  we need the `` poisonous old '' ( listen to yourself ) as a balance to the `` current youth '' and their ideas of a brave new world . 
  maybe you should be banned by default . 
  are there any more measures in the pipeline , perhaps the opposition has some ideas ? 
  are you an economist ? 
  yeah i 'm interested in this topic , the two main long-term challenges for poland seem to be transition to an innovation-based economy and poor demographics . 
  i heard your government launched some kind of program to incentivize childbirths recently , what 's that all about ? 
  poland is projected to converge with western european gdp/capita levels , in 2050 the polish gdp/capita will hopefully be around 80 % of that of germany . 
  that 's despite a shrinking workforce and tough demographics . 
  brings a tear to my eye , i love stories like this . 
  oh and op , since you 're romanian , god bless you guys for standing up to your own corrupt vultures . 
  hopefully this wo n't make leaders lean back and be comfortable , there is still much work to be done . 
  just the incorporation of relevant information into my increasingly holistic model of reality . 
  no it was my preconceived notions colliding with contrary information which is why i was surprised . 
  the netherlands , as far as i 'm aware , have been exercising a business friendly political effort for a while now and i 've seen that reflected both in their position on other metrics of economic efficiency and in anecdotal happenings such as our once so swedish ikea now being based in holland . 
  that is not simply an effect of the country 's relatively low corporate tax rate but also of the structural environment that business operate in . 
  as far as i know the number of start-ups per capita ( not that that is the only or even the most relevant basis for this particular ranking ) is n't lower in holland than it is in macedonia . 
  as for switzerland it consistently ranks in the top 5 most competitive countries on the planet often taking the top spot , it also tops the list in number of patents per capita and is universally known as an efficient productive economy so i expected them to be higher on this list . 
  switzerland and the netherlands are lower in the ranking than i would have thought . 
  shame that there is only one european country in the top 5 , we should aim to ** dominate ** this list . 
  there are levels in hell after all , the communist floor is deep down the pit . 
  `` ethnic swedes '' is a short hand tool to describe a part of our demographics , fredrik reinfeldt used it himself it 's quite well-established . 
  it means just what it implies : european people whose family have a long history in this country . 
  it 's actually common knowledge i 'm surprised you were n't aware , and i 'm also surprised you would stop reading a sentence as soon as you come across a phrase you do n't understand . 
  that attitude wo n't fly in university my friend . 
  as for `` what you are '' , you already answered that yourself : you are part german . 
  non european immigrants do have more children on average and the demographic have changed * dramatically * in just 20 years especially the ethnic composition of our population is different . 
  crime is up in a number of areas most notably violent gun-related crime and sexual assault . 
  however keep in mind that non-european immigrants can have a negative net effect on the crime rate even as the overall rate remains stable ( and in fact that is exactly the case ) . 
  as far as i 'm aware 2nd and 3rd generation immigrants strongly underperform compared to ethnic swedes in all relevant parameters including employment , tax-revenue , participation in public life , social capital , voting etc. 
  they are over represented in crime , gang membership and in welfare programs . 
  the asylum immigration system is an immense * net * public expenditure even for 3rd generation non-european immigrants . 
  the ethnic and religious division is deepening the amount of hate crimes is increasing , islamic doctrine has infested parts of local civil society , violent islamic extremism is a brand new deadly phenomena , we 've imported various feuds from other parts of the world and the level of violence is escalating especially gun-related crime . 
  socioeconomic segregation is getting worse not better , public personell including police , firemen and ambulances can not enter certain areas without being assaulted by mobs . 
  civil unrest , high levels of crime , low employment , low social capital , high welfare costs , strong presence of organized crime , drugs , gun violence , very low educational attainment , hostility to outsiders and low access to both private and public services is the norm in these areas . 
  i could go on but my point is that yes i do think you are putting your head in the sand , and you 're not helping anyone by doing so . 
   malm\u00f6 now has the lowest violent crime rates in 20 years . 
  really , can you link me the source please ? 
  had no idea . 
  we more or less know that non-european immigrants are over represented with regards to violent crimes ( and maybe other crime as well idk ) especially sexual assault where they might be as high as 12-13 times more likely to be an assailant compared to an `` ethnic swede '' . 
  the overall murder rate may rise and fall but given these statistical facts ( they 're dated but there is no reason to believe they have improved quite the opposite ) obviously the vast immigration of asylum seekers contribute negatively to the criminal situation of our country .
