not really , more right wing countries like swtzerland , austria and australia are also highly developed . 
  wealth and social progress are determined by other things - mostly . 
  conservative values were marginalized and left wing ideologies started to permeate almost every layer of society . 
  basically parlament became radicalised on the left wing and more moderate on the right wing . 
  there has n't been any powerful right wing counter movement since , i suppose one could argue there have been some sense of springtime on the right this millenium . 
  the traditional social democratic party is n't half of what it once was and sd is polling higher and higher every week after all . 
  the whole political spectrum shifted to the left , before that sweden actually had something of a right wing opposition . 
  afterwards the ideas of democracy and freedom were radicalized and traditional conservative values were heavily eroded . 
  we both know there is a troubling amount of truth in this `` fantasy-version '' exagerated though it might be . 
  i suppose they 're the only option . 
  the left movement . 
  you norweigans are in a much better situation honestly . 
  to me , norway represents everything sweden * could * be if we were n't stuck in the aftermath of 1968 ' . 
  i often have this sligth anxiety in the back of my head , like something is wrong and if we do n't do something soon it 'll be too late . 
  can you imagine the frustration a swedish voter that sympathizes with the danes like myself feels ? 
  it 's like my concerns are n't even deemed legitimate , the politicians and a large parts of the media just . 
  do n't . 
  listen . 
  oh , no you did n't . 
  if we 're number 3 before netherlands , why are n't we mentioned in the title ? 
  lol , finland does n't dissapoint, 
  yeah it 's fixable , these `` ghettos '' you keep hearing about would look posh next to some parts of london . 
  it 's honestly not that bad , but it will be if it continues this way . 
  you jest but oh , my god some leftists do sound like that . 
   idk i just want everyone to be happy wtf :( ( ( ( ( ( (, 
  [ do n't be silly ] ( http://blogs.ft.com/ftdata/2015/05/13/ireland-is-the-wealthiest-economy-in-europe-or-not/ ), 
  us does n't do shit, 
  i wonder why so few people flee towards asia . 
  it 's ironic because the general sentiment ( or belief even ) is that we are doing the world a huge favour accepting such large number of asylum grants , in an almost self-sacrificing way . 
  i suppose there is a degree of smugness at the heart of that attitude . 
  meanwhile prominent leftists - and even some right wing supporters - look down on the danish `` capitulation to racism '' like we 're somehow better . 
  sweden is on the list but denmark is n't ? 
  just lol @ us , our immigration policy does everything wrong no matter what . 
  mad ? 
  they 're leaders in darwin awards . 
  living standards are rising , income per capita has increased more than most other developed nations in the last decade , public debt is under control and the economy is growing relatively fast by european standards . 
  are they gon na make it ? 
  it would n't be an immigrant suburb , it 'd be a bunch of leftists trust me . 
  drama queen , a couple of upset twitter comments and then a `` civil war '' is on the horizon . 
  just lol . 
  i would n't be so concerned . 
  perhaps you 've been elsewhere but european demand for german exports pretty much collapsed in 2009-2010 and has n't really rebounded since . 
  germany might not be the paragon of free trade but compared to the other eu crisis countries it kind of is . 
  it 's a relevant comparison between two large developed countries , these differences you mention are particularly interesting . 
  especially how the economy is structured , as mentioned the us is much more diverse and as such less vulnerable it also has a large and wealthy consumer base that underpins demand . 
  germany has an export industry that is doing well admittedly but other than that the place is not much of an economic success story . 
  i 'm not particularly worried that germany will face any sort of economic crisis in the coming years but neither am i optimistic that the country will experience a golden age of prosperity . 
   i do n't see them . 
  what about what i pointed out originally , seen in a larger context german growth has n't been very impressive it is in the company of other eu countries that germany shines . 
  the cracks are in the inbalances , yes the economy is n't stagnating but tha ` ts mostly due to exports . 
  where is the investment , where is the real wage growth , where is the inflation and why has n't the east caught up yet ? 
  the export companys lack skilled workers and they lack an effective infrastructure so how long will they stay competitive ? 
  the us may have a larger debt to gdp ratio but they 're also sporting a diverse and modern economy that currently outperforms the german one with higher material living standards and more dynamism . 
  us debt is also far from unsustainable considering future growth rates and demographics , germany on the other hand will need every euro they can save now for the future . 
   i assume this image is more connected to the development of the ( still unspectacular ) last five years or so yes in the land of cripples the one-legged man is king after all . 
  my point was that this leg is mostly made up of the export industry and , while it 's easy to take germanys competitiveness for granted these days , the country is actually far less robust than it may seem . 
  i 'm glad to see consumption rising but i 'm also afraid that it is not enough to cover the disturbing cracks in the often praised german state-engineering . 
  i also wanted to point out that if this is the german way and germans are happy that way then fine but their leaders should not dictate that way to others - they need growth and the german way has not let to growth at home and nor is that way necessarily exportable to totally different cultures . 
  the eu generally will never get out of the hole it is in unless it finds a better way . 
  germany has gained an image as a strong almost invincible economic powerhouse but really everything is n't so rosy . 
  according to the german federal statistics office the average annual gdp growth between 1991 and 2015 is only 0.29 % - slightly above long-term stagnation . 
  not only that but gdp per capita in the eastern states are still 30 % below the western states despite billions of financial transfers since reunification . 
  that 's not the only imbalances however . 
  the two southern states bavaria and baden-w\u00fcrttemberg ( b-w ) contribute 50 % and 25 % respectively to german 's system of internal financial transfers some of which gets transferred out by berlin to other lagging eurozone `` partner '' countries that are nearly dead economically . 
  the alleged german success is entirely dependent on its exporters mostly based in these states . 
  this does n't produce prosperity and growth in other parts of the country though as evident by german houshold income being below that of other developed countries that chart less impressive growth figures like the netherlands , finland and japan . 
  finally this is unlikely to change because the government has allowed state infrastructure - roads , rail and schools - to crumble for around two decades . 
  and beyond maintenance expenses german companies are not investing there either - bmw is to build its largest car making plant in the world in greenville/spartenberg , usa , and siemens is spending billions to acquire an us oil services firm . 
  both companies are headquartered in bavaria . 
  germany is a wealthy and well governed country but it is no affluent wonderland . 
  good thing you pointed out that you 're human , for all we know a beaver might have posted this . 
  switzerland . 
  perhaps , it 's true though . 
  not anywhere in sweden that 's for damn sure . 
  that does n't apply when drunk . 
  i read in a german study that the city of hamburg had a male average of 185cm and a female average of 172cm, 
  getting very drunk and spending time with other naked men of various age . 
  i observed this tradition in finland . 
  i learned that sweden sold iron to the germans and allowed their troops to pass through at a very early age . 
  also learned about swedish volunteers in finland and norway . 
  as a great tradegy , viewed a bit like a natural disaster . 
  are you disagreeing with me on something or are we on the same page here ? 
  yeah that 's true , but their ideas about less immigration and more focus on cultural unity are sound . 
  with the risk of sounding like an sd-supporter ( which i kinda am ) i 'd say that if it were n't for our shitty immigration and integration policies things would be as good as they ever were . 
  yes and no , hate crimes certainly get a lot of attention here as both the police , the politicians and the media are somewhat obsessed with illuminating all cases of people being exposed to social injustice . 
  however this eagerness sometimes borders the absurd such as when the papers were enthused with the drama of a burning mosque and a couple of eu-migrants being shot at . 
  turns out a toaster in the mosque had caught fire and the shooting was some bored kid aiming for discarded cars at a scrapyard that happened to house some roma people . 
  similarly to the infamous `` rape capital '' myth this is also a question of definition , as you can imagine sweden is quite quick to define a crime in the context of ethnicity and of course the police are obliged to file them regardless if they turn out to be legitimate or not . 
  not to say these things do n't happen , they are the result of a careless commitment to the multicultural with less regard for the kinds of tensions such a society always entails . 
  edit - as a general rule of thumb i would advice against relying on channels such as `` russia today '' for your insight in the affairs of other countries . 
  the temptation was too great . 
  indeed , if one looks a bit further than simple growth figures it quickly shows . 
  business startups are still below 2007 levels , banks are still deleveraging , employment is still low and of course both public and private debt are looming issues . 
  on the plus side the reform effort has actually been a bit more robust than you suggest . 
  particularly pensions and the financial sectors have been dealt with . 
  you say the labour reforms contributed to depressed wages and low employment but spain will reap the fruit of this in the years to come for sure . 
  fortunately competitiviness has been maintained and coupled with a growing domestic demand the economy is set for growth . 
  norway is n't either , a bit strange honestly . 
  the left is certainly a parody of themselves by now but these were maybe 200 people at most . 
  this kind of civil unrest has become more common in recent years though and it is annoying to say the least .
