  as a result , the days in which less skilled german workers could look forward to regular pay increases seem unlikely to return in the foreseeable future . 
  in karlsruhe 's main train station , bernd , a florist , lamented the changes . 
  `` what does it mean to have low unemployment when inequality stays the same ? '' germany introduced a minimum wage in 2015 . 
  but some experts argue that in many places it is not being properly enforced . 
  marcel fratzscher , head of the diw think-tank in berlin , said the least qualified had seen their pay fall : `` for people with low qualifications , the hourly rate has decreased from $ 12 to $ 9 since the late 1990s . '' as aluplast 's problems show , another reason why wages are not rising at a faster pace is that staff are not available at any price . 
  german society is ageing and , with some workers able to retire at 63 , the labour market will soon begin to shrink . 
  german companies and workers remember what they had to do to become competitive . 
  there is an understanding that we live and compete in a global environment jonas prising , head of manpowergroup dirk notheis , managing director of rantum capital , a fund set up to provide capital for smaller mittelstand companies , said : `` the problem is more one of a scarcity of workers , and that 's not simply a function of price . 
  it also depends where the company is based . 
  in a big city like munich , it 's probably less of an issue to persuade a young engineer to join your company . 
  but even if you raise the salary , younger people wo n't be willing to move to a smaller place . '' economic prosperity and a rise in the proportion of school leavers going to university are also changing what people expect from their jobs . 
  at karlsruhe 's institute of technology , a leading technical university producing graduates in sought-after areas such as mathematics , engineering and science , students were happy to talk about their dream jobs -- from working for carmaker daimler to helping the environment -- but none said the size of their pay packet was their main motivation . 
  `` money is important of course , '' said kim , a 20-year-old student of mathematical economics . 
  `` but a job should be good for the soul and fun too . '', 
  before the situation reaches the boiling point of deadly force it might be advisable to , oh i do n't know , literally stop escorting migrants to italy by boat . 
  a clear message that immigrants will never get any sort of legal recognition unless they go through the proper channels would also help . 
   tv claims that 80 % of commited crimes in sweden are caused by immigrants . 
  i doubt they have a decent source to back this one up . 
  ethnicity of perpetrators is n't recorded since 2005 so there is a high probability that number is not based on anything substantive . 
  murders being a daily occurrence is ridiculous hyperbole and you should n't even need to ask . 
  in general the issues relating to non-european immigration in sweden that you might hear about abroad are real , but also exaggerated . 
  desperate times i suppose, 
   not when they 're refugees . 
  that 's a big generalization and a very debatable one . 
  there is also the continuing issue of italy and greece . 
  adjusted my comment . 
  people like to sound optimistic on africa but personally i do n't see it . 
  there is very little legal , institutional or physical infrastructure on the continent . 
  whereas countries like japan and china had centralized governments and sophisticated cultures for millennia before industrializing africa just do n't have the institutional framework to support efficient markets or even extend the rule of law in some cases . 
  but the biggest obstacle has to be the lack of human capital . 
  for all the horrors of socialist china it still had actual factories and schools , especially in the eastern cities , before market reform . 
  in contrast africa has little of that . 
  also in the coming decades industrial production will become very automated and africa will find that the demand for low skilled labor that helped lift china out of poverty will not be so readily available . 
  unfortunately if industrialization does n't happen soon africa will experience the biggest demographic expansion in history without the economic or institutional means to cope and that will be very bad , not just for africa but for us as well . 
  that and the employment chart really are the main things to take away . 
  reading those gives important insight into why labor reform is so important for france and perhaps part of the reason why brexit happened . 
  having the wrong opinion means you 're getting burried on r/europe, 
  perhaps we could become switzerland instead ? 
  what does the `` at-risk-of poverty or social exclusion rate '' measure exactly ? 
  the germans enjoy a higher standard of living than the french . 
  i was actually talking to a guy working at a high-tech company a few days ago about this and he said france was `` the missing link between germany and italy '' which i thought was pretty funny . 
  russia is corrupt and their markets are n't functioning that well . 
  ecb raised interest rates prematurely which made debt interest payments of almost all eu countries unsustainable , there was no way countries like greece or spain would be able to deploy stimulus when they were literally on the brink of public default . 
  the plan then was for the ecb to lower interest rates and start printing money , national governments were to institute reforms and pay off debt which finally seems to have worked . 
  in the case of greece though they will obviously need to have their debt written off sooner or later . 
  this fashion fiasco gets absolutely rekt in the comments lol . 
  as he should, 
  there 's a paywall , would you mind op ? 
  polish visit gone sexual !!, 
  8 things that will shock you about poland !!, 
  ( you wo n't believe number 13 ), 
  everyone is equal before the law after all . 
   central bank said if present growth continued , gdp would return to its 2007 levels , within 8 years brutal . 
  this political revitalization and skin-shedding is long overdue in all of europe . 
  the first populist wave was quite unpleasant but perhaps macron signals the start of something new . 
  yeah , i think it 's fair to say it 's a ( not completely ) general trend across europe . 
  our social democrats used to hover around 40 % , now they consistently poll below 25 % for example . 
  the traditional left-wing is declining all over europe actually , their message and ideology is increasingly anachronistic . 
  that 's also true to a lesser extent of the old right-wing parties . 
  but what if italy is not kill ? 
   it 's not unusual for it to be zero outside in winter . 
  oh , you sweet summer child . 
  i suspect they safe-keep it for the actual owner in exchange for a fee . 
   make them pay 60 % tax and we 'll have by `` they '' are you referring to some magic population of piggy banks ? 
  you , me and everyone else will have to pay the carbon tax in the form of higher energy prices . 
  or perhaps the workers in the energy sector will not see their wages rise or everyone who saves money in energy stocks will lose money either way someone has to pay . 
  at least until green alternatives have become competitive . 
  i 'm not saying we should n't have a carbon tax but let 's not forget that every tax we introduce will be paid ( somehow ) by real people rather than scrooge mcduck . 
  if you tax a company there are only 3 groups of people that can pay that tax : the shareholders in the form of less or negative revenue , the workers in the form of lower wages or the consumers in the form of higher prices . 
  of course any single person may belong to one or several of those groups . 
  no matter what happens though some people will end up paying , you can not tax a company any more than you can tax a cloud . 
  the average person is an average part of the problem for the pollution and should be taxed proportionally in the event of a carbon tax . 
  edit , for the record i support a carbon tax but i 'm just saying we will have to pay extra during the transition period . 
  i 've always wondered about security with this initiative , how will they stop hackers ? 
  if the non-european anglo countries are any indicator the immigrants that will come here will be a positively selected group of high-achievers so yes i believe that would be positive for us . 
  is the relatively high number of police in spain and portugal a legacy from the fascist days ? 
  glad to see the revival of this project, 
  some would say that at least they have a life . 
  poland need more children , that might be one reason why . 
  condoms prevent pregnancies 99.9 % of the time . 
  it 's not like limited access to pills takes away all choice , you can always choose to have less casual sex too . 
  the issue is n't so much a lack of free markets and high inflation but of huge debt held in euro . 
  greece needs a deal where their debt is written off , structural reform is undertaken and eu funds are invested in infrastructure . 
  but that 's including food and energy prices which tend to vary a lot , `` core inflation '' ( everything else ) is persistently low . 
  [ it 's 1.2 % atm ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/euro-area/core-inflation-rate ) it 's increasing though . 
  an army is not something you order via postage . 
  it 'll take years to recruit , train , equip and organize a strong united military . 
  we should start now . 
  and what would we be without them ? 
  just another populated landmass that 's what . 
  they should just put taxi signs on the boats at this point and privatize the whole thing , that way we might get some tax revenue out of it at least . 
  if you think that sounds bad check out the population projections of africa . 
  there 's a flood coming . 
  probably english . 
  very good , we are punching far below our weight when it comes to security and defense . 
  our great `` soft-power '' is not enough to ensure peace and stability , we failed ukraine , we failed the middle east and we failed the balkans . 
  a united , efficient european army funded at about 2 % of our gdp would be the strongest regional force by far . 
  it would n't only let us help keep stability and defend our interests , it would also really bring us together like never before . 
  good news , hopefully a strong step on the way to recovery and proper reform . 
  we europeans need growth and unity to leverage our strength in the coming century .
