  the clock is ticking , in a few decades the vast majority of economic activity will take place on the eurasian landmass . 
  great opportunity for us but no country will be able to seize it alone . 
  iirc correctly wages were just about to pick up when the brexit uncertainty started to take effect . 
  now wages are growing but that gain will be mostly offset by inflation . 
  preferable to y, 
  yeah you 'll find most economic foreasts cluster around that spectrum , feel free to look into it . 
  be warned though they use more words than than i do . 
  i ca n't spell it ... 
  it will work for as long as you are willing to stay on your toes and respond to changing economic circumstances . 
  today the richest countries have strong innovation ecosystems and those can not exist without high levels of education , technological infrastructure and quality of life . 
  factory production is a shrinking part of the economic pie , ideas are becoming much more important . 
  french workers can offer a level of education that say vietnamese workers ca n't . 
  if you leverage your strengths and businesses are encouraged to create jobs in france you will do fine in the global landscape . 
  france is a productive economy at the heart of europe and with a reputation far beyond the eu , you have the potential to prosper . 
  growth is mutually beneficial it is not a zero-sum game . 
  a richer poland means a richer belgium means a richer europe . 
  our main competitors will be east asia and north america this century . 
  major demographic challenges both here in europe ( decline ) and close abroad in africa ( explosion ) . 
  our competitiveness is our own responsibility , vote for politicians that support transparent efficient government , free markets , good investment strategies ( technology , education and infrastructure ) and trade would be my advice . 
  still a long way to go but i 'm also happy to see progress . 
  poland , estonia , check republic , slovenia and slovakia is leading the way . 
  the major challenge is , of course , demographics but even so poland is set to approach 80 % of german gdp per capita by the mid century great progress from the 1990 's especially considering germany will also be growing at a healthy rate during that time . 
  the global market is competitive but very beneficial . 
  free trade brings prosperity over time that has been proven again and again . 
  the temptation of shielding national markets with tariffs will only provide short-term relief and leave your country stagnating cut off from a growing global economy . 
  throughout history there is a red line that follows isolated peoples - they are always poorer and less advanced . 
  the economy is like a strong wind that will be blowing whether you want it to or not and it 's about time france put up its sail . 
  open economies are not more unequal , again look at denmark or sweden . 
  france needs reform to take better advantage of global market and its latent potential , it also needs reform to tackle a bloated and inefficient public sector . 
  globalization does n't have to mean mass immigration either but it does require flexibility . 
  globalization is an opportunity that france has failed to seize upon , improving competitiveness , efficiency of public administration , stringent labor regulations , better business environment , bringing down public debt and creating a better start-up environment would help make france a winner on globalization . 
  there is no dichotomy between having a flexible labor market and a strong social safety net denmark , for example , has both . 
  french governments since sarkozy has been aware of the need for these reforms but failed to bring them about it is now long overdue for france . 
  the main issues are : high unemployment , low growth , bad environment for businesses , over-regulation and high debt . 
  yes italy is truly a mess and probably eu 's next big problem area . 
  if we are serious about adopting a true european identity we can not leave the hungarians adrift . 
  it is for everyone 's benefit if hungary develops into an effective , high-income and stable country . 
  the great eu insight on this is that we have a unique opportunity to unite eastern and western europe economically and culturally . 
  hopefully we can look back in 40 years and remember this as little more than a hiccup on the way to progress . 
  by 2050 hungary , slovenia , czechia , poland , slovakia and the baltic countries could have a gdp per capita at 75-85 % of germany if things go according to plan . 
  ee is approaching their growth potential the output gap will almost disappear in 2017 iirc . 
  france and italy are laggards , i have some hope for macrons reform agenda but italy will be a tricky knot to untie and get the country back to growth . 
  all in all there is room for the recovery to broaden , with the right reform and investment the eu could grow at about 2-2 ,5 % annually just like the us . 
  preferable to sitting on the couch taking government money though . 
  i 'm working on a flexible contract myself and i 'm fine with it , yet the unions always make it out as if they are speaking with my voice . 
  i do n't see it like i have no stability , security or rights at all . 
  but with a social infrastructure and payments/tax breaks meant to encourage more children . 
  the fertility rate does n't need to meet 2.1 children per woman necessarily 1.8 + immigration will do . 
  the idea is that the population remains stable over time and that the make-up of the demographics does n't change too quickly so the economic model and culture has time to adapt . 
  tie it to the citizenship then and make immigrants qualify for becoming eu citizens by becoming self-sufficient , living in the eu for 5 years or so and not committing a crime during that time . 
   eugenics not really . 
   second gen immigrants do assimilate . 
  not necessarily but by all means let 's compromise and say everyone with an eu citizenship born and currently residing in the eu gets transfers per child if they raise that child in the eu . 
  is it no longer racist ? 
  it 's hard to tell since the way you use language is not consistent with my dictionary and i do think the definitions of words matter a lot . 
  no i want families who are firmly established in european society and more likely to be assimilated in its culture to have more kids , regardless of ethnicity . 
  i do want less immigration from the middle east and africa though but the motivation behind that is n't racist , although i guess that distinction might not be interesting to you because i suspect your argument is predicated on a different definition of the term `` racism '' than the one i use . 
  you claimed it , i think you 've hardly substantiated it . 
  well i think simply calling something racist is a weak argument . 
  the motivation is n't racist i believe it would have a number of positive effects on our society to stabilize population size and keep a healthy core of culturally anchored families in our countries , you are of course free to disagree and downvote . 
  the euro is a problem atm , it is problematic for so many different economies to share the same currency with no real unifying fiscal policy . 
  our defense and security capabilities are fractionated and our borders are porous . 
  the eu is not as transparent , democratic and streamlined as it should be . 
  this is controversial but imo the eu does not have enough power to influence economic structural reform in member states , i know granting this would clash with democratic ideals but it 's such an important issue that it needs to be adressed somehow . 
  countries like italy and greece needs support from richer states and they both need major economic overhaul both of which have proven arduous under the current system . 
  this is partly ideological but imo some aspects of governance needs to be run at a regional level while other aspects needs to be decentralized down to the local level , both would require less power resting at the national . 
  this is n't mainstream but imo the demographic crunch that is beginning to take place in ee , se and germany should be targeted with incentives for stable families that have lived in europe for 3-5 generations to have babies and immigration not from the mena region but rather from east asia . 
  yes economically speaking the eu is certainly the way forward we are no doubt richer today than we would have been absent of the single market . 
  with that said there are of course many issues with the eu that needs to be resolved and i think there is a strong argument to be made that the euro , in its current form of implementation , does harm to some member states . 
  free trade , security and economic convergence are benefits we will continue to gain from the eu in the coming decades but one area that is put a bit to the side i feel is demographics . 
  there is a population implosion happening in ee , se and germany yet the eu only has plans to deal with the economic fallout rather than the root cause : too few babies . 
  imo another thing is that immigration focus should be switched from mena to east asia . 
  hope this will catch on all over europe . 
  similar reason why austria pegged their currency to the d-mark , it forced their businesses to raise productivity so that they could stay competitive . 
  you ca n't make this up . 
  so what ? 
  they do good research as does many left-wing think thanks . 
  good luck not listening to other people because they are `` conservative '' or whatever . 
  an adult is able to separate what is being said and who said it . 
  it does , in a socialist system you are not even allowed to own capital . 
  what the nordic countries do is that we run a very free and efficient market economy that produces a lot of wealth and then we redistribute the outcome . 
  free and efficient markets produce wealth end of story , i will give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that you do not dispute that though . 
  btw it could be interesting to not that scandinavians are successful all over the world , in fact the descendants of nordic immigrants in the us earn significantly more than those of us whose families chose to stay in the motherland . 
  i removed that sentence , fixed . 
  goes to show how rich the us is compared to western europe . 
  i posted a link to the oecd on this subreddit quite a while ago showing essentially the same thing , i feel like many europeans have this idea that they are actually better off than their american counterparts but that 's not true in terms of income . 
  we do enjoy less crime , longer lifespans , healthier living and better work-life balance though . 
  you could make a case that we are putting the wealth we produce to better use in terms of well-being for our citizens . 
  edit : i read a graph wrong just glanced over it . 
  no you 'll just become stagnant and poorer compared to more dynamic economies such as germany . 
  fertile ground for politicians like le pen . 
  i did n't but comparing the wars of america and the horrors of socialist totalitarianism is what 's called a false equivalency but even if that wasnt the case it would n't make the communists any less guilty . 
  infantile argument tbh , you ca n't justify what the communists did by pointing your finger somewhere else , only children think that way . 
  the commies killed , either directly or through horrible eeconomic policies , more than a hundred million people in china then they abandoned their centrally planned economy and things started to improve very rapidly . 
  as for `` cuba is doing really well '' below you said it mate , just lmao, 
  you can relativize hitler that way too , think about what you 're saying . 
  not that war and the intentional slaughter of civilian populations are equivalent . 
  any sensible person who has read 20th century history would consider `` communist '' to be an insult . 
  those people killed far more than hitler and almost destroyed the world . 
  some countries have `` recovered '' such as germany , denmark , the netherlands , sweden and the uk .
