  the testimonies presented at the tribunal , before an international panel , alleged a pattern of torture in cuba 's prisons and `` hard labor camps '' . 
  these included beatings , biological experiments in diet restrictions , violent interrogations and extremely unsanitary conditions . 
  the jury concurred with allegations of arbitrary arrests ; sentencing by court martial with neither public audience nor defense ; periods in hard labour camps without sufficient food , clothes and medical care ; and the arrests of children over nine years old . 
  we need to invest in sperm, 
  eurostat needs to start collecting data on the average sperm count per capita and our politicians need to present roadmaps on how to increase sperm growth rates asap . 
  who are these `` neoliberal economists '' ? 
  there is no `` neoliberal '' economic theory . 
  https://twitter.com/nghrbi/status/890829405135790080 the source is eurostat , as it says on the graph . 
  this is n't artificial , spanish growth is made up of consumers spending their money , export business selling their goods abroad and tourists going to spain . 
  [ spanish economy is now larger than the 2008 peak ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/dfzcnh-w0aau1qm.jpg:large ), 
  pointless un-meritocratic quotas . 
   horrible it 's modern slavery , the wages keep going down , this is nothing to be glad about at all . 
  wages does n't necessarily need to decrease in order for there to be falling labor cost , it 's all about how much a worker costs vs how much he produces . 
  in spain the workers do not produce as much economic value as in germany but the discrepancy in wages did not sufficiently reflect that gap in output . 
  therefore spanish firms became less competitive , i.e they had to raise prices to cover costs , and their order books started to empty . 
  since then spain has aligned wages with productivity so that companies can adapt pay to the amount of value produced which has lowered labor costs and spurred strong growth in spain with employment rising fast . 
  the moral of this graph is that the wages have to reflect output or firms will go under . 
  wages should not rise faster than productivity as they did before the crisis , that is putting the cart before the horse ( looking at you italy ) . 
  they do n't do them like this anymore . 
  absolutely and many ca n't afford to start families , it 's a huge problem . 
  with lower gdp growth and aging demographics people would do well to understand that public pensions will be successively phased out of the the income equation for older generations . 
  this is n't a `` neoliberal '' conspiracy but simple economics and demographics . 
  too few workers , less productivity growth and too many pensioners , or in other words : the numbers just do n't add up anymore . 
  my advice for europeans is to put away some for the future each month and start a family that can support you when you need it . 
  i also have to say that it 's insane how we feel that we can spend billions of euros on unproductive immigration that will simply make the problem worse in the future . 
  inb4 `` automation will bring about ubi '' and `` life extension will buy us another century '' . 
  hope for the best , plan for the worst . 
  calm down the author is an american investor that openly argues for deeper eu integration . 
  i think he is kind of wrong in the short-term but right in the long-term . 
  the iberian `` periphery '' has regained competitiveness , cleaned up their banks ( portugal still has work to do ) and is growing fast , however italy and greece are still weighed down by bad banks and huge debt but it 's getting better . 
  in the long-term we do indeed need to complete the integration process or this will happen again and again . 
  the study is based on german media ? 
  in sweden i do n't think anyone could make the same case with any real credibility . 
  problem is that it will take something like 3-4 years for his reform package to really start to bear fruit . 
  the goal is beating le pen in the next election by reinvigorating france , very tough goal , very ambitious and a real toss-up whether or not he 'll succeed . 
  not familiar with this particular news agency but it 's interesting how much of a contrast there is with swedish articles . 
  the kind of imagery and carefree rendition of anti-migration opinion are things you would rarely ( if ever ) see in a major swedish paper . 
  too much debt my friend , and in europe we also suffer simultaneously from being a shrinking continent in a growing world , being divided and lacking any kind of strong narrative/myth about who we are and where we are going . 
  gdp growth will help though , at least we 're growing again . 
  what 's stupid about it ? 
  i think a lot of europeans are sour about this actually . 
  i 've never met a person who did n't like , respect or even adore italian culture , history and aesthetics . 
  the current state of the country is simply unworthy of its history or italy is not worthy of itself you could say . 
  even if slovakian fertility jumped to replacement level tomorrow the population would still decline by about a fifth iirc . 
  high skilled immigration has an immediate and long-term positive effect on the economy of the host country , they are almost always well integrated into the host society and report a very low crime rate . 
  historically people who have been cut off from others have developed much slower than those who have been able to trade ideas , goods , technology , skill , services and people with each other . 
  i can not see any strong argument not to encourage high-skilled immigration , the real problem is attracting them though . 
  btw one does not exclude the other , slovakia can raise birth rates and be a home to desirable immigrants . 
  yeah i know , the oecd is naive in its thinking . 
  mate , although orban is unsettling , this is n't about refugees anymore . 
  it 's about irregular migration from the mena region . 
  the pull factor of the eu is strong enough that there does n't need to be any push factors , people are migrating here anyways . 
  are we funding the refugee aid infrastructure in the mena region ? 
  reminds me of [ this page ] ( http://asset.keepeek-cache.com/medias/domain21/_pdf/media3203/492907-8xh0uq2ymw/large/24.jpg ) from the latest oecd economic survey of slovakia . 
  aging is so serious that slovakia might never converge with the average oecd gdp per capita . 
  interesting to note how productive slovakia is though , the economy has great potential but not enough young to take advantage of that . 
  edit - downvoting this comment wo n't change slovak demographics we need to do better than that . 
   i was under the impression that marxists were stridently opposed to postmodernism where did you get that impression ? 
  many postmodernist writers were marxist , derrida for example . 
  the italian economic structure is just riddled with mines , if enough go off it will start crumbling . 
  defusing progress is slow, 
  no wonder companies are moving east . 
  what is work efficiency ( in english ) ? 
  as far as i 'm concerned he 's preaching to the choir but will our leaders listen ? 
  i always thought this had to be high on the eu priority list and that the situation might require some drastic decisions given that the issue has a fragmenting effect on the union and breeds unfortunate political movements . 
  the ( lack of ) viable solutions being presented so far is not inspiring though . 
  with that said our police force is not in a good shape and there have been many high-profile crimes during the last few years . 
  add in that we currently have groups of young immigrant men drifting around towns with nothing to do ( waiting time for asylum decisions is brutal ) and it 's easy to see why public perception of safety is deteriorating . 
  that 's not an irrelevant metric anyway , our people should feel safe . 
  of course , who knows who the people voting on this website are . 
  technically racism is the pseudo-scientific idea that our species is subdivided into various races that exist in a genetically determined hierarchy . 
  but colloquially it 's used to describe negative prejudice against various groups , and i even think some dictionaries have picked up the latter definition lately . 
  growing up in a single-parent household is tied to all sorts of negative socio-economic indicators . 
  our welfare systems will be increasingly strained by aging demographics and the effects of immigration in the future , family support systems will likely be more important . 
  it 's not an upcoming crisis or anything but it 's an unfortunate trend . 
  the idea is still important , there is only one europe . 
   we could be the eu 's poster boy for economic recovery . 
  well , let 's not get ahead of ourselves . 
  let 's revisit that when you 've [ caught your neighbor ] ( http://www.oecd.org/media/oecdorg/directorates/economicsdepartment/edrc/2017/spain%202017_image%201_en.png ) . 
  its how much economic value ( gdp ) that is produced per unit of time ( hour worked ) . 
   `` there 's a book that came out at exactly the same time as the charlie hebdo atrocities . 
  it 's by michel hollelbeq , and it 's called submission -- some of you have read about it . 
   there 's a point in this book which i think is extremely important for what we must think of , which is how to impart an urgent concern for free speech beyond the people in this room and to wider society . 
   the most critical point in this novel ... not to give away the whole plot , but there 's a french professor . 
  it 's 2024 and france is becoming a muslim country . 
  the jews are all leaving , and this professor who 's not jewish -- he 's an atheist frenchman , likes his pleasures , you know -- and he 's speaking to a jewish friend who says she 's off to israel . 
   and there 's a very , very important point in the novel where this man realizes he does n't have an israel . 
  - douglas murray, 
  abstract :  fertility has long been declining in industrialised countries and the existence of public pension systems is considered as one of the causes . 
  this paper provides detailed evidence based on historical data on the mechanism by which a public pension system depresses fertility . 
  our theoretical framework highlights that the effect of a public pension system on fertility works via the impact of contributions in such a system on disposable income as well as via the impact on future disposable income that is related to the internal rate of return of the pension system . 
  drawing on a unique historical data set which allows us to measure these variables at a jurisdictional level for a time when comprehensive social security was introduced , we estimate the effects predicted by the model . 
  we find that beyond the traditional determinants of the first demographic transition , a lower internal rate of return of the pension system is associated with a higher birth rate . 
  this result is robust to including the traditional determinants of the first demographic transition as controls as well as to other policy changes at the time . 
  tldr : public pension systems depress fertility thus becoming less and sustainable as time goes on . 
  the only argument against i can think of is that it 's better to deploy stimulus when there is a looming recession and save during the current tailwinds . 
  i think you and krugman are right though overall . 
  it always depends on the circumstances . 
  in germany the unions and employers agreed to keep wages down while productivity rose to increase export competitiveness which , as you might have noticed , seems to have worked . 
  not informed of the us situation but they did have a mortgage bubble that inflated gdp ( thus productivity ) which led to a deep recession almost a decade ago now .
