  also open up your own home for the refugees please because it 's damn easy to spend public money and national efforts to feel good about your good deed for the day but it is n't as cut and dry when it comes to your own personal belongings . 
  always a no-brainer to have someone else deal with the problems for the sake of morality . 
  see it 's all so simple in your world , people are either with you or against you huh ? 
  well go back to my first request and ponder the consequences , your money will be sucked up by a black hole that only keeps growing as the word spreads between the worlds misfortuned , your garden and your home will be slowly degenerating into an ethnic ghetto and tensions will keep growing between your other family members and your new ones . 
  now imagine your situation on a national level and maybe you can understand why i 'm glad people like you are n't in charge . 
  you 're an idealist and you ca n't be bothered with reality - simple as that . 
  tss , idealists like you used to annoy me but nowadays i just feel smug . 
  there are tens of millions of refugees in the world right now , most of these are domestic ones meanning they are displaced within their own country . 
  exemplifying the syrian refugee situation almost all relocate to neighbouring countries where they live in camps waiting to return home . 
  unfortunately the regional war has become infected with various islamist groups so the war is n't ending anytime soon , hence some of the people will seek asylum in other parts of the world - and who can blame them ? 
  but remember that this is mostly to improve their quality of life not to actually escape death . 
  bcause when they 've made it to europe they 're already out of harms way . 
  naive people like you usually frame the debate as if the migration office is supposed to pick and choose which ones live and which ones die but that 's not how it works . 
  for the sake of argument , however , let 's say that this is the case and all these people are in imminent danger . 
  people like you would say that this justifies a lot of asylum grants but what number is ethical ? 
  you will say `` as many as possible '' is the humane goal but here 's the crux : there will always be people on the run , or at least for the forseeable future , so this refugee policy will have to be permanent . 
  i ask you then will you reform your own country into a global social office/ngo organization or will you turn - insert noun accosiated with racism here - and keep the status quo ? 
  now i pick the latter , for the same reason i do n't hand every roma beggar i see the keys to my house . 
  obviously i wish these people a better life but i 'm not idealistic about it - i 'm * realistic * . 
  yes , yes if refugees are properly integrated then there is of course no problem . 
  however african and middle eastern regugees have a quite poor track record in this case . 
  far more lucrative is labor migration and asylum seekers screened for those with a higher education . 
  the odd success story does little to help the problems in a macro perspective . 
  nobody wants refugees , it 's like throwing money in the lake and all you get in return is a lot of social issues and tensions that are ripe for populist parties . 
  the less refugees the better . 
  somehow they look really finnish , i do n't know what it is . 
  and i have always suspected that spain has , probably , the most potential to be a rich and competitive economy out of all the southern european countries . 
  i 've only become more convinced since spain has been , at least relatively , proactive in pursuing economic and structural reforms since the euro debt crisis . 
  the terrorists call themselves terrorists ? 
  fact checking not even once, 
  sweden have higher gdp per capita than both denmark and finland and that 's despite the recent immigration wave . 
  we should invest our public funds sensibly , like russia . 
  this would be unthinkable in northern europe . 
  i see you follow the debate, 
  not without looking through the statistics but i know about 4 % of the population identify as muslim and about 16 % are christian . 
  these groups vary in just how pious they are but overall people are n't very religious at all in sweden . 
  oh , and a large part of the middle eastern/african immigrants are actually christians from assyria or congo etc. 
  you should n't be too reassured as this really is a big issue for sweden , the immigration have been unplanned , too large , poorly implemented and worst of all : immune to critisism . 
  this is gon na take some time to clean up but like an alchoholic we have barely recognized that we 've got a problem to begin with . 
  funny you should say that because that 's usually what they do over a span of maybe 2-3 generations . 
  my high school was a cross with people from my very swedish area and students from an immigrant neighbourhood and about half of all arabs/africans in my class were atheists the other half was secular . 
  a few kids wore a muslim scarf but they tapped their iphones and gossiped like all teh other girls . 
  only one bitch was actually muslim , she went on about homosexuality being wrong and no one liked her . 
  that said there are some psycho terrorist imams that preach , well , extreme terrorist ideology and weirdly enough they 're indirectly funded by the state as a part of the social programs for the suburbs . 
  that kind of shit makes me wan na outlaw that whole shitty religion and be done with it . 
  now you 're starting to sound weird . 
  let me put it this way : in the 1960 's there was a huge number of italian and greek immigrants that came here but nowadays you literally ca n't tell the would-be italians/greek from the `` ethnic '' swedes because they act just the same and they look just the same . 
  this is successful integration , and sooner or later most of the middle eastern or african immigrants will be swedish as well . 
  you 'll see their heritage in their different features like black skin or big noses but that does n't matter to the civilized part of the world . 
  the only thing that does matter is that they will become part of society , if you 're the kind of person that gets thrown into a fit whenever you see a black guy then sweden will never be for you again , but if you appreciate a good citizen with decent values then you 're welcome to become swedish as well . 
  we got ta ditch this rubbish idea of `` multiculturalism '' along with a lot of other stuff first though . 
  i 'll give you this : the immigration and integration policy has been an ongoing fiasco for the last 20 years and it 's gon na take another 20 years to clean up this mess . 
  right now , a lot of people wo n't even recognize that it 's all a big fail though so plenty of work to be done . 
  nice finnish design . 
  that 's it finns . 
  is that why the swedish hdi ranking rose by one pont this year ? 
  it could also be interesting to note that sweden has n't noticed a drop in living standards in the last decade , actually quality of life increased more than in most other oecd countries . 
  yeah , sure the immigration system needs to be reformed but that 's about all you got right . 
  but you know what , how about both of us check back in a decade and we 'll see how those `` predictions '' hold up ? 
  damn you 're stoopid . 
  below croatia in 10 years ? 
  seems legit , or maybe you 're joking ? 
  they 're a mountain people , like the swiss . 
  they do n't want much to do with the rest of us . 
  heh , the finns are kind of crazy . 
  russians got rekt . 
  sweden 4ever russkis, 
  0.5 to 0.6 percent ? 
  wow ... 
  lol you do n't know how good you have it . 
  denmark , but why is it always another swede making a post about immigration , are you guys really so hot for that crap ? 
  the amount of energy is n't important , only how it 's produced . 
  since 1990 energy demand has risen sharply but co2 emissions has dropped . 
  are the kremlin trolls here as well ? 
  fine what about sweden then , as of this year 60 % of our power is from renewable sources . 
  that was n't the case 40 years ago . 
  you can very well sustain a stagnant population though , also no reason we have to consume natural recourses at the current rate . 
  the us uses 40 % less coal today than it did in 1960 but the population has nearly doubled . 
  how was this measured , number of start-ups or patents ? 
  first of all : the ukrainian army ( which has n't mobilized in its entirety ) are fighting both rebels that have been armed and trained by russian soldiers but also against russian troops - in direct confrontation . 
  the russian army is better trained , better equipped and has an extenisve consistent line of supplies and reinforcments . 
  ukraine needs : more and better weapons , modern vehicles including tanks and airplanes , time to organize a defence , competent leadership which is sorely lacking and most of all help from other armies . 
  spot on, 
  unfortunately ukraine will still be losing the war , they wo n't be able to prevail against russian forces without actual intervention from other nations . 
  lol at denmark , i do n't know if i love them or hate them . 
  lol at denmark , they got ta be trolling at this point . 
  alright thanks maybe i 'll go there . 
  i 'm planning on living in holland or belgium for a little while and i 'm torn as to where exactly . 
  k man thanks, 
  one last question then : amsterdam or rotterdam ? 
  cool , do you feel short in the netherlands ? 
  i mean are the dutch as tall as they say ? 
  planning on living there for a year or so and it would be fun to know . 
  me too man , how tall are you ? 
  i 'm 186, 
  the value of having a central bank is n't really speculation and as for value , i do n't know if you 're aware but it 's mistakes like this that we learn from . 
  where would we be today if people had n't been allowed to speculate ? 
  yes , see the cheap loans are part of the problem are n't they . 
  yes it 's probably impossible to break it up by now . 
  not really , a national monetary policy would have been a definitive advantage for most countries in the euro region .
