  instead the eu talks about redistributing illegal immigrants as if they just happen to spawn inside european territory with no other country of origin . 
  the whole thing is such an absurd mess and no one seems to be dealing with it properly . 
  do n't forget to post literally every citizen of ancient rome and greece as they opressed women , owned slaves , went to war and overall did n't share modern morals . 
  nietzsche nailed it , we have been so weak and unsure of ourselves since christianity ( god ) died that we allowed horrible totalitarian ideologies to fill the void twice . 
  fortunately there have been few external threats to the west during the modern age , because we were truly at the height of our power , but now we must figure out a way to affirm ourselves in a world where we are rapidly shrinking in both demographic and economic relative size . 
  so far i western countries , and europe in particular , have been very weak but we have this grand eu project at least that could be turned into something very good , potentially . 
   timmerans said in strasbourg it was imperative for brussels to continue to demonstrate leadership , adding : `` this migration issue will not go away . 
  not today . 
  not tomorrow . 
  not next year . 
  not for a decade , not for two decades . 
  this is a global phenomenon that will be with us for generations . '' glad to see our leaders are so ambitious , with a message like this is it any wonder people would be tempted to listen to beppe grillo , viktor orban or marine le pen . 
  the author did n't write `` czechia '', 
  we all want poland to succeed , as with all european countries . 
  if getting rich is hard for individuals , it is harder still for nations . 
  of more than 190 countries tracked by the international monetary fund , fewer than 40 count as wealthy or advanced economies . 
  the rest are known as emerging nations , and many of them have been emerging forever . 
  the last large country to make it into the advanced class was south korea , 20 years ago . 
  the next major nation likely to join that club could be poland , an under-the-radar economic star that president trump will visit this week on his second overseas trip in office . 
  mr. trump will meet with leaders of the ruling law and justice party , who are thrilled that he has chosen to visit warsaw before berlin , paris or brussels , and participate in a meeting to promote regional economic ties in eastern europe . 
  other european leaders are unnerved by how mr. trump 's populism echoes the right-wing nationalism of his polish hosts -- both have been attacked as illiberal threats to the postwar western order . 
  but so far , two years of populism has not derailed a quarter-century of steady economic progress in poland . 
  the i.m.f. 
  has a complex definition of `` advanced , '' but a common thread is that all the nations have a per-capita income of at least around $ 15,000 . 
  since poland completed the transition from communism to democracy in 1991 , its economy has been growing at an average annual rate of 4 percent and , remarkably , has not suffered a single year of negative growth . 
  in those 25 years , poland 's average income has risen to near $ 13,000 , from $ 2,300 , and it is now on pace to pass the $ 15,000 mark by the turn of this decade . 
  this is testimony to the long-term fiscal sobriety of poland 's leaders , and its sharp break with communism . 
  after the collapse of the soviet bloc , poland set out to distance itself as far as possible from russia , and adopted the financial discipline and institutional reforms required to join the european union . 
  in the last decade , warsaw emerged as the conservative opposite of decadent moscow . 
  its staid tycoons are almost incapable of the flashy self-promotion common among the russian oligarchs , and they have embraced american-style entrepreneurship with an enthusiasm rarely found elsewhere in europe . 
  this pro-american , anti-russian streak runs deeper than the current populist mood , making poland a natural and increasingly potent american ally . 
  in the past the relationship has focused on military ties and geopolitics , but poland is already one of the few nato members meeting its commitment to spend at least 2 percent of gross domestic product on defense . 
  this meeting shifts the focus to the regional economy at its breakout moment . 
  since world war ii , the few poor nations that made it rich tended to do so in regional clusters , starting with italy , spain and other countries in southern europe , and then east asia . 
  japan , south korea and taiwan went unheralded for years before they were recognized as the `` asian miracle '' economies . 
  now eastern europe is rising , just as quietly , with small nations like the czech republic leading the way . 
  poland is close on its heels . 
  with a population of nearly 40 million and a half-trillion-dollar economy that is already the world 's 24th largest , it is now big enough to put all of eastern europe on the global economic map . 
  poland is working its way up just as the asian miracles did , as a manufacturing power , even though this path is much harder now . 
  manufacturing is declining as a share of the global economy , and with china taking much of this shrinking pie , few other major manufacturing nations are still expanding their share of global exports . 
  that select group of around half a dozen includes south korea , the czech republic -- and poland . 
  no other sector has as much impact as manufacturing in generating the jobs and productivity gains that can make a nation rich . 
  with its cheap currency and relatively low wages -- still one-third those in germany -- poland is more than competitive with the asian manufacturing powers . 
  exports from manufacturing account for 33 percent of g.d.p. 
  in poland , well above the average for emerging nations of 22 percent . 
  moreover , the secret to getting rich is less about speed than stability . 
  many emerging economies have managed to generate spurts of rapid growth , often well above poland 's 4 percent average , only to lose all their gains by running up debts and heading into a crisis -- like brazil and mexico in the early 1980s , and indonesia and thailand in the late 1990s . 
  other emerging economies remain unstable partly because they still rely on exporting raw materials like oil or soybeans , and thus tie their fate to volatile swings in the global commodities market . 
  among the leading oil exporters , 90 percent are no richer today relative to the united states than they were the year they started producing oil . 
  most are poorer . 
  today , of the 13 middle-income countries with average incomes of $ 10,000 to $ 15,000 , nine are still dependent on commodity exports , including brazil , russia and argentina . 
  the other four are all in eastern europe , led by poland . 
  none of the commodity-dependent economies is likely to grow steadily enough to become the next rich country , certainly not for long . 
  countries such as argentina and venezuela have in the past century become almost as rich as the united states , only to tumble after serial crises . 
  export manufacturing prowess can stabilize a rising economy by generating reliable foreign revenue , allowing countries to invest heavily without running up huge debts . 
  this is what happened in poland . 
  an exception is the manufacturing giant of china . 
  in a headlong effort to fuel growth after the 2007 financial crisis , the chinese government has encouraged a domestic lending boom that has driven up debts to nearly 300 percent of g.d.p. , a risk that reduces china 's chances of becoming the next rich country . 
  if there is a threat to steady growth in poland , it is its recent autocratic turn . 
  poland 's government has drawn fire from top european union officials for interfering with the courts , cracking down on the news media and dissent , and refusing to accept muslim refugees . 
  when law and justice took office , however , the concern was that it would derail growth by meddling in the private sector and trying to fulfill costly populist promises . 
  while it has fulfilled pledges to lower the retirement age and subsidize families with two or more children , so far these policies have not caused much harm . 
  the deficit and public debt remain manageable . 
  the currency remains stable , exports continue to boom and the trade balance is in surplus . 
  since its winning streak began in 1991 , around 80 percent of poland 's growth has been delivered by the private sector , and the momentum there remains strong . 
  so look beyond china and india , russia and brazil . 
  poland , rising the old-fashioned way , through manufacturing , is likely to be the next rich nation . 
  and , as mr. trump will see , poland is a vital ally not only on the nato front line , but also as a leader of the world 's most vibrant economic bloc . 
  france is relatively productive yes , but mostly * despite * the government juggernaut rather than because of it . 
   we have the most comprehensive public pension system in europe you have the most * convoluted * public pension system in europe . 
  if france wants to tax and spend on pensions that 's one thing but do n't tell me the system is efficient , never mind comprehensible , in its current state . 
  but that 's besides the point , the french social model might be mostly sustainable long-term ( with large improvements in efficiency and strong economic growth ) but a public debt of almost 100 % of gdp certainly is n't . 
  one big shock on the scale of 2008 and france would face a true debt crisis , it 's high time to put the country on firm fiscal ground even if getting there requires a detour through `` austerity lane '' . 
  and france is taxed at capacity having one of the highest overall tax burdens in the world . 
  despite this the country is neck deep in debt and has been running deficits for a long time . 
  and what does this grand public sector produce , what does it innovate and what incentive is there to raise productivity ? 
  there is no competition and if the figures at the bottom come up red you simply borrow from future generations . 
  meanwhile it sure does soak up a lot of resources from the actually productive and innovative sectors of the economy . 
  and complying with the maastricht 3 % * deficit * rule , if that 's considered `` austerity lane '' then i shudder to take a ride down stimulus avenue . 
  and legal immigration reform , we need more high-skilled labor in europe . 
  what is the eu doing to reduce flows and how has it been working so far ? 
  basically all economists and everyone who studies this agree that free trade produce a net gain of wealth . 
  some people lose in the short-term but if we stopped ourselves every time someone lost we would still be riding horses . 
  regional disparities hamper technology transfer and job creation as economy recovers tale of two regions : while italy 's north , left , received similar amounts of foreign investment to other rich regions in europe , the south , right , is largely ignored by international investors . 
  italy 's north-south disparity is one of its best-known economic problems -- but awareness of the issue does not seem to make it any easier to solve . 
  as the eurozone economy recovers , the financial times has analysed greenfield investment data for italy , one of the bloc 's growth and employment blackspots . 
  the analysis shows that italy 's attractiveness to foreign investment has increased in the past year but still lags behind most of its peers . 
  furthermore , while regions in italy 's north received similar amounts of foreign investment to other rich regions in europe , the south of the country remains largely ignored by international investors . 
  investment projects in italy rose by 62 per cent last year , the largest increase among large eu economies . 
  the rise corresponds to a 92 per cent increase in jobs created , according to the latest ernst & young european attractiveness survey . 
  however , italy still ranks last in the survey 's list of top 20 european fdi destinations by jobs created . 
  its stock of fdi is the sixth lowest as a share of gross domestic product among 48 oecd and partner countries . 
  in terms of cumulative cross-border greenfield investment since 2009 , italy ranks a lowly 42nd globally , according to fdi markets , even behind much smaller economies such as nicaragua and colombia . 
  regional differences are marked . 
  the wealthy northern region of lombardy has attracted one-third of all foreign greenfield investment to italy since 2009 . 
  the region is home to one-sixth of italy 's population and accounts for 20 per cent of italy 's total output . 
  the region ranks 13th among 120 western european regions monitored by fdi markets in the amount of investment it has received since 2009 -- a similar amount of foreign investment to the whole of norway or the paris region . 
  the investments have created nearly 19,000 jobs across sectors including property , communications , it and financial and business services . 
  conversely , if you look at the eight regions of the south of the country the contrast is stark . 
  the south , home to more than one-third of italians , accounts for just 22 per cent of gdp and less than 10 per cent of the greenfield investment projects over the past eight years .
