  ca n't be bothered to look it up bu there was a study done that showed how swedish families started to move out of an area when the population of non-european immigrants there exceeded a single digit percentage ( ca n't remember exactly ) . 
  you will have to take my word for it but it does look like `` white flight '' is responsible for a lot of geographical segregation in sweden . 
  you might say swedish families , vote one way in election but a whole different way with their feet . 
  i would be surprised if op lived in an area with a lot of unemployed immigrants , it 's often the same story with these sheltered paragons . 
  it sure as hell is making it worse and yeah that does matter to me as i happen to have been born here and it would matter even if i moved out as i 've grown quite attached to the place . 
  by `` indigenous swedes '' he probably meant assimilated whites including people from very old swedish families . 
  it does make sense to talk about our demographics like that , words and labels are tools after all no matter how much the left-wing philosophers want to make it out like everything is about hierarchical `` oppression '' . 
  copenhatin ' , adieu , madriddance , ditch , quitaly , abortugal and czech-out . 
  it 's a deterrent and a way to appease voters who think the immigration system is too lax . 
  when was the british welfare state ever brilliant ? 
  the uk economy is n't perfect but it 's far more dynamic than in say france , italy or spain in large part due to those liberal policies . 
  for lower bath it 's night & day . 
  anyone who is n't convinced aesthetics play a huge role in a successful liveable city should view those images . 
  it 's not just about building beautiful cities ( although that matters more for quality of life than you might think ) but also building a healthy community . 
  those buildings shut down civic life within the neighbourhood . 
  people have a hard time interacting with each other when they are living inside anonymous apartment complexes and it certainly does n't encourage people who do n't live there to visit . 
  healthy architecture for a healthy city . 
  [ very relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bhw4mmenmpc&amp;index=3&amp;list=ple1pog7gchqq0mixgmgj7h3gku9ikeiuw ) if you can bear the poor video quality . 
   a government minister has declared war on `` brutalist '' architecture , arguing that it is `` aesthetically worthless '' and embodies a `` cult of ugliness '' . 
  almost straight from the mouth of roger scruton . 
  splendid if you ask me . 
  we 've had experience with roma camps . 
  in sweden there is a degree of cognitive dissonance , i imagine some people do not say what they really think , and so the actual number concerning the roma is most likely lower . 
  it 's certainly not unreasonable to imagine it being * worse * than the ( probable ) development into a constitutional monarchy that did n't close itself off from the west entirely . 
  the alternatives are n't either communism or pre-modern stasis where russia somehow freezes in time while the rest of the world develops . 
  jesus , you have a brain do n't you ? 
  use it . 
  sometimes i imagine what russia ( and ee ) might have been like if communism remained a theoretical , and then i get very sad . 
  btw imagine east asia without communism , we would already be living in the asian century . 
  gdp per capita is n't considered enough , partly because investors care more about how much the total economy is growing . 
  when you consider population change you start seeing the economic performance of , for example , japan and germany in a different light . 
  us growth is also less impressive ( although still pretty good by ae standard ) when you realize that the population is growing much more rapidly than in europe . 
  similarly romanian , bulgarian and baltic growth of 3-5 % is actually quite impressive given that it is achieved while their populations are actually shrinking ( !, 
  except no culture in history have ever done more to eliminate differences in socialization than the nordic countries and yet the labor market segregation is larger here than other advanced countries . 
  in china , india or less developed economies people do not have the luxury to pick their jobs more or less independent of their wage potential . 
  egalitarian western societies give greater room for natural inclinations to manifest . 
  further reading : https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/18179326 https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/11519935 http://emilkirkegaard.dk/en/wp-content/uploads/men-and-things-women-and-people-a-meta-analysis-of-sex-differences-in-interests.pdf, 
  wages were already on the way up before brexit due to tight labor market , the referendum result made inflation spike which cut real wage growth off though . 
  the only real economic effects of brexit so far have been high inflation and uncertainty . 
  when i see that they wrote `` xenophobia '' as a descriptive trait for the authoritarian dimension i think they might as well go the full mile and write `` naivete '' on the other end . 
   you see , racism is discrimination based on race . 
  the way i was taught racism is the idea that the human species is subdivided into races which exist in a genetically determined hierarchy . 
  making generalizations about groups would n't have been considered racist a few decades ago but the term has been severely devalued and continue to be . 
  if this keeps up the term will eventually mean basically nothing . 
  stay away from my cat bro, 
  if we just banned the word `` racist '' our public conversation would instantly become so much healthier . 
  now even calling people racist can be considered racist , it is literally beyond the point of parody . 
  sweden is home to less than 10 million people and is one of the wealthiest parts of europe . 
  a more fair comparison is between the us and the eu15 in which case the us wins hands down when it comes to material living standards . 
  yeah europe has dat lifestyle and cultural capital but other than that ... another interesting comparison would be the 220 or so million white americans compared to say the eurozone population . 
  in that comparison you would see a lot less inequality and crime in the american sample . 
  finally it 's also fun to look at the descendants of scandinavian migrants in the us , they actually enjoy significantly higher incomes than back in the motherland , basically zero poverty and low crime . 
  67 % upvoted , as expected of r/europe, 
  true , but to be fair they do work more . 
  it 's not your fault, 
  in the documentary `` commanding heights '' one of the chicago boys tells how he basically had a very short window in which to privatize the economy so he essentially started a fire sale . 
  in the end corrupt oligarchs bought most of russia such a shame what has happened to what could have been a great country . 
  shock therapy have had mixed results , it worked rather well in poland . 
  i have no idea what an actually popular french president would even look like . 
  honestly , i have a hard time getting swept up in western pride parades because it feels like beating a dead horse at this point . 
  inb4 `` bigot '' , `` keep your thoughts to yourself '' etc. 
  it is not fictional at all unfortunately . 
  oh , they were a great predecessor for the later german gestapo and ss butchers to model themselves on :  the cheka is reported to have practiced torture . 
  depending on cheka committees in various cities , the methods included : being skinned alive , scalped , `` crowned '' with barbed wire , impaled , crucified , hanged , stoned to death , tied to planks and pushed slowly into furnaces or tanks of boiling water , or rolled around naked in internally nail-studded barrels . 
  chekists reportedly poured water on naked prisoners in the winter-bound streets until they became living ice statues . 
  others reportedly beheaded their victims by twisting their necks until their heads could be torn off . 
  the chinese cheka detachments stationed in kiev reportedly would attach an iron tube to the torso of a bound victim and insert a rat in the tube closed off with wire netting , while the tube was held over a flame until the rat began gnawing through the victim 's guts in an effort to escape . 
  anton denikin 's investigation discovered corpses whose lungs , throats , and mouths had been packed with earth . 
   women and children were also victims of cheka terror . 
  women would sometimes be tortured and raped before being shot . 
  children between the ages of 8 and 13 were imprisoned and occasionally executed information from `` red victory : a history of the russian civil war , 1918-1921 '' by w. bruce lincoln, 
  there are literally tens of millions of stories from the gulags . 
  no single person could hope to know them all . 
   maria tchebotareva  trying to feed her four hungry children during the massive 1932-1933 famine , the peasant mother allegedly stole three pounds of rye from her former field -- confiscated by the state as part of collectivization . 
  soviet authorities sentenced her to ten years in the gulag . 
  when her sentence expired in 1943 , it was arbitrarily extended until the end of the war in 1945 . 
  after her release , she was required to live in exile near her gulag camp north of the arctic circle , and she was not able to return home until 1956 , after the death of stalin . 
  maria tchebotareva never found her children after her release . 
  courtesy of the gulag museum at perm-36 . 
   `` each time they brought in the soup ... it made us all want to cry . 
  we were ready to cry for fear that the soup would be thin . 
  and when a miracle occurred and the soup was thick we could n't believe it and ate it as slowly as possible . 
  but even with thick soup in a warm stomach there remained a sucking pain ; we 'd been hungry for too long . 
  all human emotions -- love , friendship , envy , concern for one 's fellow man , compassion , longing for fame , honesty -- had left us with the flesh that had melted from our bodies ... `` v.t. 
  shalamov , `` dry rations , '' from kolyma tales . 
   the bedbug-infested box has already been mentioned . 
  in the dark closet made of wooden planks , there were hundreds , maybe even thousands , of bedbugs , which had been allowed to multiply . 
  the guards removed the prisoner 's jacket or field shirt , and immediately the hungry bedbugs assaulted him , crawling onto him from the walls or falling off the ceiling . 
  at first he waged war with them strenuously , crushing them on his body and on the walls , suffocated by their stink . 
  but after several hours he weakened and let them drink his blood without a murmur . 
  an excerpt on interrogation methods from solzhenitsyn 's gulag archipelago, 
  well iirc this harbor is the only one in france that has the capacity to produce aircraft carriers so in a way there really are `` national interests '' involved . 
  i 'm more more concerned with why he did n't go forward with a tax efficiency/modernization reform a few months ago , piketty commented on that too , on his blog i believe . 
  the usual socialist routine : more or less arbitrary executions , concentration camps , starvation , severe repression of personal liberty , state totalitarianism , witch-hunts for political adversaries and sometimes attempts at genocide . 
   thousands of cubans have died in front of castro 's infamous ` pared\u00f3n ' ( the wall ) . 
  there was no discrimination , as far as sending people to the firing squad was concerned . 
  young and old , black and white , rich and poor were sent to ` el pared\u00f3n ' . 
  many of those who helped castro gain power , like comandantes ernesto sori marin and william morgan , an american , were among the thousands who were shot . 
   in 1987 a `` tribunal on cuba '' was held in paris to present testimonies by former prisoners of cuba 's penal system to the international media . 
  the gathering was sponsored by resistance international and the coalition of committees for the rights of man in cuba .
