  the european finance ministers have also conceded that greece 's gross financing needs should not exceed 15 per cent of economic output . 
  the gfn is the imf 's preferred metric . 
  it is the money a country needs to fund interest rates and debt repayment . 
  the acceptance of a gfn ceiling is a big step forward as it is the mechanism that forces debt relief . 
  the problem with this latest accord is that the creditors might not keep their word . 
  the irony is that the bundestag could approve greek debt relief today but may no longer be able to do so after the federal election next year . 
  the alternative f\u00fcr deutschland , a populist anti-immigrant and anti-euro party , and the liberal free democrats , are both in favour of greece leaving the bloc . 
  neither party holds a seat in the bundestag but both are expected next year to meet the threshold requirements for representation . 
  add them to the sceptics among the governing christian democrats and there may be no majority for debt relief . 
  mr sch\u00e4uble 's commitment this week to debt relief in 2018 is simply not credible . 
  the second of the potential shocks is brexit . 
  opinion polls suggest that the chances of the remain campaign have improved though it is not in the bag yet -- a lot can happen before the june 23 vote . 
  the european commission 's attacks on boris johnson , the former mayor of london and brexit campaigner , or the suggestions that the eu would penalise the uk should it vote to leave are not helpful . 
  this stuff plays into the hands of the leave campaign . 
  while the prospects for britain in the eu may look marginally brighter than a month ago , angela merkel 's refugee deal with president recep tayyip erdogan of turkey is going in the opposite direction . 
  at first it looked as though the german chancellor would extricate herself from the mess of her migration policy by co-opting ankara into a refugee swap agreement . 
  the deal foresees that turkey sends one legal refugee to the eu for each illegal migrant turkish patrol boats pick up in the aegean sea . 
  the main tangible effect is not the swap but the signal that it sends to the refugees . 
  fewer have since chosen the sea routes . 
  mr erdogan last week threatened not to ratify the agreement . 
  he rejects the eu 's demand to modify his country 's antiterrorism laws , which allow him to persecute political dissidents , including journalists . 
  the eu 's promise to allow turks visa-free travel to the borderless schengen zone is officially conditional on the protection of civil rights in turkey . 
  mr erdogan now insists that the eu liberalises the visa regime unconditionally or else he will repudiate the refugee deal . 
  the eu can not accept this -- though watch out for a fudge . 
  mr erdogan certainly gives the impression he needs the deal less than ms merkel . 
  she visited him last week , and diplomatically avoided meeting kurdish mps , whose immunity had just been lifted by the turkish parliament , or local journalists , who face criminal charges merely for doing their job . 
  if the deal collapses and ankara relaxes the patrols , the refugee crisis will flare up again . 
  more important , the deal violates european values . 
  it can only work if the eu turns a blind eye to turkish human rights violations . 
  of all the arguments for leaving the eu , this one has some substance : in its negotiations with turkey the eu has lost the moral high ground . 
  by the end of the year , we may find that the eu narrowly escaped all three . 
  officials will congratulate each other . 
  but soon after , they will realise that the greek debt crisis remains unresolved , that britain 's new rules of engagement with the eu are hideously difficult , and that the only winner of the deal with turkey is ms merkel , as always . 
  we invented terrorism , and no warning bombs , and martyrdom as means of whipping up support for causes , and turning areas into no go zones ... 
  sounds vauguely like anti-irish stereotypes ( other than the slavery ? 
  ) , and latvians are n't running as fast as they can from ireland, 
  so how did we manage to secede from the uk despite being both poorer and having a smaller population ? 
  there is more to power than how much money you have ( though all else being equal , money is a good thing ) . 
  otherwise russia would have lost against one of those invaders fro m the west long ago . 
  poland has a much bigger population than belgium to begin with , and their country is more united , and they probably have a higher tolerance for casualties and suffering , finally they are very patriotic . 
  poland is friends with the us , and is a fairly strong country . 
  but being a land power , it would n't be particularly inclined to project power the same way france tends to reach across the mediterranean . 
  it 's actually fairly hard to tell imho . 
  definitely , but there is a difference between french clout , polish clout , and the eu 's clout . 
  when i said referenda , i was n't just referring to secession . 
  i was also thinking of using referenda over treaties , like denmark or ireland . 
  what if , say the netherlands says `` unless the new treaty lets us keep x competence , we would n't be able to ratify it in good conscience without referring it to the people '' ? 
  remember that ukrainian referendum a few weeks ago ? 
  even the threat of such tactics can have a paralysing effect . 
  furthermore , not all countries are small , like france for example . 
  off the top of my head , almost anything do with defence or foreign policy requires either unanimity or a 2/3rds vote , so they would be able to frustrate any kind of eu policy abroad unless they got guarantees in relation to russia . 
  since russia is an existential threat to them , they would have no shame whatsoever in engaging in this kind of blackmail . 
  unfortunately , if the uk stays , you 'll have every country that is a bit eurosceptic using the threat of referenda to wring concessions out of brussels that will render the block ineffective . 
  if you say so , but w/o those 10 or so member states out of 28 on board , an eu foreign policy will always be fairly weak . 
   eyeing a push to deepen security and defence co-operation france and germany will have to be willing to pick fights with russia to get the eastern europeans on board . 
  *** closed-door talks on path for a europe without uk *** at several overlapping meetings in recent weeks -- in hanover , rome and brussels -- eu leaders and their most trusted aides have discussed how to mount a common response to brexit , which would be the bloc 's biggest setback in its 60-year history . 
  more than a dozen politicians and officials involved at various levels have sketched out to the financial times the ideas for concerted action to `` double down on the irreversibility of our union '' -- as well as the many internal divisions that stand in their way . 
  rather than attempt a sudden lurch to integrate the eurozone , chancellor angela merkel of germany and president fran\u00e7ois hollande are instead eyeing a push to deepen security and defence co-operation , a less contentious initiative that has appeal beyond the 19-member euro area . 
  foremost is the challenge of managing expected financial and political turmoil in the aftermath of a brexit vote . 
  beyond the first statements to reassure markets , officials expect a special gathering of eu leaders -- without britain -- to discuss the bloc 's response . 
  a summit of all 28 leaders is already scheduled for june 28-29 . 
  `` everybody will say : ` we 're sorry , this is a historical disaster but now we have to move on . ' and then they will say ` ok , david [ cameron ] , goodbye , because now we have to meet as 27 leaders , ''' said one senior diplomat intimately involved in the planning . 
  `` that will be rather a decisive moment : will the 27 find the energy , the convergence of views to define a common agenda or whether it will be only the 19 ? '' french officials are wary of brexit contagion spreading to other member states and the lift it would provide to anti-eu insurgents like the national front 's marine le pen . 
  they are determined to send a tough and punitive message to show divorce will be costly for britain . 
  `` playing down or minimising the consequences would put europe at risk , '' said one senior french official . 
  `` the principle of consequences is very important -- to protect europe . '' another leading european politician central to the plan b process said : `` making brexit a success will be the end of the eu . 
  it can not happen . '' but in berlin , there is fear that such a harsh message -- coupled with grand federalist initiatives -- will only aggravate divisions within the eu-27 at a time when bloc unity would be at a premium . 
  `` for us it is much better if the price tag is delivered by the private sector [ markets ] , '' said one senior german official . 
  divisions over further integration were evident this week at a meeting of four of the senior european policymakers : jean-claude juncker , the commission president , donald tusk , council president , mario draghi , european central bank governor , and jeroen dijsselbloem , chair of the eurogroup of finance ministers . 
  while mr juncker and mr draghi view brexit as an impetus for the eurozone to draw closer together , mr tusk and mr dijsselbloem harbour deep reservations . 
  `` if a negative outcome of the uk referendum should be interpreted as a vote against europe , it does n't make sense in my view to respond immediately by asking for more europe , '' mr dijsselbloem told the ft `` the eu has moved ahead in leaps but we have n't always completed everything . 
  that is our main task : to finish what we have started and show results to our citizens . '' mr juncker , meanwhile , said earlier this month : `` we have full-time europeans when it comes to taking and part-time europeans when it comes to giving ... too many part time europeans . 
  that is a problem . '' given such differences , a common agenda on internal and external security -- a relatively under-developed area that can also involve non-eurozone member states -- is coming to the fore . 
  with the public anxious about terrorism , it could help revive the eu 's battered popularity . 
  options under consideration include stepping up intelligence co-operation , reinforcing europe 's external border force , and using the eu treaties to establish joint defence planning and sharing of military equipment . 
  in a similar vein , berlin is also supporting matteo renzi , the italian prime minister -- whose country has been among the worst afflicted by the migrant crisis -- in his calls for more burden-sharing , as well as a common external and military policy in the mediterranean . 
  in terms of the eurozone , paris and berlin view any commitments to deepen it to be more staggered and gradual -- especially before french presidential and german federal elections next year . 
  launching a formal process of `` reflection '' on the eurozone is one possibility . 
  but in brussels , some suspect that national leaders will not have the luxury of time when a `` moment of truth '' confronts them . 
  we have full-time europeans when it comes to taking and part-time europeans when it comes to giving ... too many part time europeans . 
  that is a problem jean-claude juncker , european commission president `` if brexit happens , they will have no choice but to come closer together . 
  either that , or they stand divided , '' said one senior eu diplomat . 
  steps toward eurozone integration are well mapped out : they range from more risk-sharing and backstops in the event of financial crises to centralising fiscal powers . 
  but they have languished because of a lack of political will . 
  the secrecy surrounding the talks has sewn confusion over the depth of work and its progress . 
  `` we talk but there is no plan . 
  we can not write anything down , '' said one official . 
  others insist drafting has begun between paris and berlin . 
  at least one contingency blueprint for brexit does exist : it is in the locked office safe of mr juncker 's chief of staff -- lying on top of an emergency plan for grexit that was never used . 
  providing institutions of government is far more significant than blowing things up - just look at isis for a modern day example . 
  a proto-state with its own army , police , taxation , government etc. 
  is far more formidable than a guerrilla organisation . 
  remember when the ira and sinn fein set up `` voluntary '' arbitration panels back in 1920 as part of their plan of having ireland secede from the uk under a parallel government ? 
  the panels were perfectly legal under uk law at the time . 
  why bully peaceful sweden ? 
  because some people just ca n't help themselves : [ an article from 2014 . 
  ] ( https://geopoliticsmadesuper.com/2014/10/27/why-bully-peaceful-sweden-because-some-people-just-cant-help-themselves/ ), 
  you could form an ideologically coherent coalition between communists and conservatives if the commies were left-libertarians . 
  irish labour was already annihilated for lying to its working class voters . 
  as a leftwing republican myself from kerry , have you forgotten just how xenophobic and right wing ireland actually is ?
