  either renzi sorts shit out or beppe grillo does it for him . 
  i suspect sooner the way things are going . 
  nationalism is growing , and austria has kindly done half the work by closing borders themselves to stop migrants - barriers work both ways . 
  with gove around ? 
  you are going to see more than vetoes . 
  i predict italy will eventually just do with germany what ireland did in 1920 when it was being sucked dry by england . 
  secede , and impose tariffs as necessary against german goods and let them live with the consequences . 
  economic growth ? 
  it 's a bubble and you are going to lose the shirt off your back any time * sooooooonnnn * . 
  ... and where will the money go ? 
  german banks . 
  since cyprus had all the bank deposits confiscated , that is not as clear cut as before, 
  the u.k. have continued their proud tradition of inevitably making fools of any irish politician who 's not anti-british this week . 
  how are you supposed to convince people that the black and tans or b specials are a thing of the past when you have all this violence and xenophobia ? 
  there are posters saying we should be grateful for their occupation since we had no civilisation before they came ; op has a point . 
  commonwealth membership ai n't happening then . 
  these are banks we are talking about , to go near deposits to pay senior bondholders violates the social contract . 
  the instruments were misold to old people, 
  problem is these junior creditors are italian pensioners and smes since deposits over $ 100,000 are liable for bail in . 
  the british do know that any deal under article 50 has to be approved by the european parliament ? 
  irish is the only group that has n't been attacked then . 
  i think the existence of the irish republic is a good thing . 
  it is one of the most stable democracies in europe and consistently pursued a peaceful foreign policy . 
  it would n't have come into existence without ultranationalism . 
  that deal with turkey has already set a precedent, 
  and that 's why putting greece and finland in the same currency zone was foolish . 
  fiscal transfers , structural funds , changing the euro to target unemployment like the federal reserve or the bank of england - resulting in the currency losing its value and inflation , debt mutualisation , europewide bank deposit scheme ... 
  these are the good germans bro, 
  from reading the section on the monetary union , germany has finally accepted that it must pay huge sums of money to preserve the eu and the single market every year ? 
  it would have been cheaper to have wound up the euro a few years ago , and saved the eu as a whole , but now it will take huge bribes to smooth feelings . 
  no one is ever going to make fun of the 1916 rising after this . 
  and i thought the 1916 rising was a clownshow ... and i 'm a shinner . 
  no , stv because it forces politicians to spend loads of time talking with all their constituents . 
  all of this tyranny is probably covering up genuine and serious inefficiencies and corruption in government . 
  venezuela should be a warning to this guy what happens when the tide goes out as moscow ca n't afford bribes anymore . 
  he risks getting lynched . 
  finmin schauble is correct that things will * eventually * reach an equilibrium and the eu will start growing again , and the north would be willing to subsidise the south . 
  problem is that club med would secede , return to their own currencies and impose tariffs to protect their domestic economies well before that point is reached . 
  then germany is left without a market for their goods . 
  you might think i am suggesting the inconceivable ; but this is what ireland broadly did in 1918 when it left from the uk . 
  southern latin wallonia and northern germanic flanders are conjoined together . 
  they have serious cultural differences and are very loyal to their respective tribes so there is a lot of arguing over money , language ans so on , so little gets done . 
  the eurozone writ small . 
  ireland did it to the uk - stayed neutral in ww2 as revenge for the uk making the secession nasty . 
  uk has a tradition of using its military for economic gain from the empire . 
  if belgium is having trouble holding itself together , then france and germany probably wo n't be able to agree anything anytime soon . 
  no matter how much you cut out , the north-south divide is there . 
  you would need ~ 5 years to undo all the damage from the arrogance , doctrinairism , incompatance , self absorbedness , and authoritarianism of the past 15 years . 
  with this nastiness i 'd be shocked but not surprised if london ends up setting an awful precedent by using its military to strengthen its hand in negotiations e.g. 
  `` why should we die to protect poland from russia if they are n't willing to facilitate our democracy ? '', 
  `` why should we care if france and germany have problems with isis ? 
  we were n't the ones who invited all those syrians in ? '', 
  let france handle it , they have more to lose from doing nothing than us . '', 
  greece 's debt problems and current decline were/are an inevitable consequence of a monetary union , free trade , and free flows of capital since the current account and capital account must sum to zero . 
  edit : it thus follows that no matter how much greece reforms , this problem can not be solved by schauble or draghi . 
  get over it , take a look at finland , and stop trying to downvote facts and models that get in the way of europhilia . 
  it would be silly to introduce a ban on articles concerning anywhere around the mediterranean , the black sea or eurasia since events there of significance will likely influence europe . 
  also , they will interpret an unrealistic surplus target as a signal that brussels plans to take everything not bolted down in any case , so it is safer to leave your money outside of greece . 
  better to just end the agony now . 
  no idea tbh, 
  good friday agreement, 
  demographic shifts , economic problems that will not be resolved soon , community that is becoming separated , police have a history of hostility , colonial grudges ... 
  tbh you 'd sooner see ireland petition for admission to the union . 
  i feel extremely sorry for the russians - they are left with the horrible choice of risking being overrun by genocidal nutters like hitler or genghis khan , or try to expand outwards to anchor themselves on * something * defensible and piss everyone off . 
  notice hollande just takes it whilst putin looks as if he wants to break someone 's neck . 
  notice hollande just takes it whilst putin looks as if he wants to break someone 's neck . 
  notice hollande just takes it whilst putin looks as if he wants to break someone 's neck . 
  speaking as an irish leftwing nationalist who was [ only just banging ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/ireland/comments/4nl491/forgotten_famine_how_the_british_let_a_million/d458sc5 ) the anti colonial drum a few minutes ago , the term `` regressive left '' describes a genuine phenomena . 
  you seem to have this sort of secular religious community which holds not offending anyone who is higher than you on a `` hierarchy of victimhood '' and attacking `` the west '' as sacred values that are not open to criticism . 
  like any community of zealots , they go absolutely mental in the slightest presence of any transgressions . 
  you can provide examples yourself of all the embarrassment it has caused . 
  nigeria is under pressure due to cheap oil and it has a population of 176 million . 
  oil prices are n't going to go above $ 50/barrel anymore because of fracking , but many countries need around $ 100/barrel to keep their population quiet and services running . 
  expect more venezuelas in places with weak political institutions like nigeria , algeria , saudi arabia , and kazakhstan as their cash reserves start to run out . 
  you will see more wars and incidents like the recent terrorist attacks in kazakhstan . 
  there are also countries like egypt that rely on saudi subsidies , or tajikistan , that get 50 % of their gdp from remittances from workers in russia . 
  ireland is one example of a stable democracy built by ultranationalists . 
  your ability to laugh at yourselves and see the funny side is impressive . 
  i edited my comment just there while you were typing it : `` that they got votes from all the main parties and non voters , most people see them as a protest party , so being weird might not be a disadvantage . '', 
  afd got votes from all directions . 
  and the right wing parties will eventually get their act together , or get usurped by better quality ones . 
  the demand is still there . 
  eventually , sooner or later , more competent people with an aptitude for politics will spot the void and step into it if afd does n't shape up . 
  edit : or voters get so tired of it they just hold their noses and vote for afd anyway . 
  edit2 : given that they got votes from all the main parties and non voters , most people see them as a protest party , so being weird might not be a disadvantage . 
  [ second source that backs up this piece ] ( http://www.ekathimerini.com/209322/article/ekathimerini/business/court-case-of-six-taiped-experts-puts-tranche-at-risk ), 
  always wondered how the germans forget that it was ultimately * deflation * & cutbacks that set the stage for the 1932 election . 
  any multinational entity will likely find itself doing this stuff once it 's confronted with the possibilty of being torn apart by nationalism . 
   disproportionately large number of russians make up the islamic state 's high command i assume he means `` people living in the russian federation '' as distinct from ethnic russians . 
  the spd and the cdu are both glued to each other in a centrist cosy consensus , leaving space on their respective flanks for alternative parties to emerge . 
  *** in its negotiations with turkey over the refugee crisis europe has lost the moral high ground *** at the start of the year , the eu was paralysed by the prospect of three simultaneous , potentially destructive threats : grexit , brexit and the refugee crisis . 
  since then , one has receded but not disappeared ; one remains undecided ; and another is in danger of blowing up . 
  the receding crisis is greece . 
  the agreement last week removed the risk of a greek exit from the eurozone in the immediate future . 
  the deal characteristically leaves a number of open ends , which is troubling but not necessarily disastrous . 
  in a significant concession the international monetary fund accepted that an agreement on debt relief for athens is postponed for another two years . 
  this suits wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , german finance minister , because his party opposes debt relief . 
  but the deal also requires him and other european finance ministers to come clean before the end of this year on what debt relief measures they intend to propose . 
  the numbers will have to add up -- an unheard of event in eurozone crisis resolution politics . 
  there is enormous pressure on eurozone officials to deliver a set of figures that the imf can accept .
