   such a small country would have no need for an airport there ( porto/lisbon/faro airports are perfectly capable of serving the whole country ) for the moment , yes . 
  yet there are smaller countries with more airports . 
  it is known that portela is nearly saturated and porto will be in a few years , and eventually a solution will have to be found . 
  i 'm not against new airports ( though they are from being a priority right now ) , the country could benefit from them , but we do n't need anything fancy or those huge infrastructures they want to build . 
  i 've seen airports in europe that would easy and cheap to build in portugal . 
  when in crisis , the secret is not to stop spending money , is to spend it wisely . 
  lobbys control everything in the world today . 
  i was referring to the whole `` empresa na hora '' thing . 
  i would guess restaurants are a special case , though ? 
  ( maybe due to asae restrictions ), 
  well , a high-school dropout is still a youth , and part of the country 's future generation . 
  here in portugal it 's absurdly easy to start a company , you can do it in a hour or so . 
  the problem is to actually maintain it , you have to get profit really fast or you are n't able to support the taxes . 
  what happens , many companies do n't survive their first 2 or 3 months . 
  ok , that 's true , but he was comparing portugal to the other iberian kingdoms like aragon , leon , catalonia , etc as sovereign entities , when at the time they were already under castillan rule and part of the same country . 
  what would happen then if i wake up tomorrow and decided i wanted to be chinese ? 
  i agree people 's will should count , but that 's not the only factor to weight . 
  you are in the wrong there . 
  portugal became independent from castillan rule way before `` spain '' was even thought of , and did so with the help of the crusades , not uk . 
  the treaty/alliance with england came later . 
  you might be referring to the restoration wars where england lent a hand , after spain and portugal shared a king over 60 years due to some ridiculous succession crisis , but at the time portugal was already a sovereign region with social and cultural traces different to the rest of the iberian peninsula , and was ruled as a separate kingdom . 
  they wo n't, 
   the type 45 destroyer can simultaneously lock over 1400 air targets to 400km range seems like a nice little toy , this type 45 thing . 
  i 'm pretty sure we would have to side with you  not likely to happen though . 
  beer, 
  meanwhile , in portugal , they want to cut on retirement pensions by 10 % , cuts that coincidentally do not affect politicians :\\, 
   everything in portugal becomes possible at 18 years you ca n't drive a truck until you 're 21 . 
  childhood dreams crushed :\\, 
  i agree . 
  one thing portugal is awesome is that we 're probably the most socially liberal country in the eu . 
  online newspapers comment sections in portugal are probably the weirdest part of our country . 
  you should not take them seriously , as it 's probably just some random kids who have nothing to do on the afternoon . 
  by no means take that as the general opinions of portuguese population . 
  well , it would not be the first time they do some kind of financial `` gymnastics '' to push some state expenses to the third quarter and pull some revenue from gods-no-where to get these numbers . 
  but this could actually some good news . 
  ( or maybe i 'm being just hopeful ), 
  yup , if portas resigns every few months we may get out of the crisis . 
   i disagree , sane , free countries , have strict rules about what can be catalogued in a way that will be traceable to an individual person . 
  just because the nsa and other organizations break these rules does not make it ok . 
  some months ago we did n't even know what nsa was doing . 
  was makes you believe european countries do n't do the same ? 
  but this is not the main point in this topic . 
   i do n't see why you think you ca n't give your opinion on it and judge/criticize , they obviously do n't need to care about it , but you definitely can and should criticize them . 
  it 's not a law that will affect me , why should i complain ? 
  if british are ok with it , fine by me , it 's their country . 
  i just expressed my opinion - i do n't agree with it , but it 's up to british people to decide . 
  everyone 's entitled to their opinion - i 'm not gon na judge anyone i did n't met just because i disagree with his opinion over a matter that 's hardly relevant in my life . 
  the thing is , or at least what i think he is trying o say , is that the world we live in now is very different from the world 60 years ago . 
  that type of listing or cataloging of citizens is already available by the governments by many other means , and approving this law does n't change that fact . 
  there are indeed several parallels , but you might just be exaggerating to assume this could provide any means of persecution for porn-viewers , because in there are already several mechanisms that in order to avoid any extremist government to raise to power in europe , un would never abide by that ( though flat-out saying `` british are not iranians '' is somewhat disrespectful to iranian people ) . 
  and while i also think this is a totally redundant law that wo n't really change anything , i also believe that even so it is a violation of citizen 's privacy . 
  but i am not british , so i am not in any position to judge or criticize those who support the law . 
  i 'm by no means an expert on this issue , but how exactly is importing goods from the other side of the atlantic cheaper ? 
  are european prices that inflated ? 
  well , the euro was already in crisis in 2009 , and they jumped right in . 
  indeed , if they had held their currency for a few more years , they would definitely be better . 
  i think blaming a drop on the gdp solely on the adoption of the euro might be exaggerate . 
  interesting how there seems to be more countries with `` partial integration '' than `` full integration '' . 
  that would make fi countries the odd ones , right ? 
  what exactly is wrong with european beef that we would need to import it from the us ? 
  you could always read the rest of his comment . 
  former urss country . 
  their national colors are the same as our own . 
  do n't known anything else . 
  please educate me !, 
  the huge amount of portuguese people in luxembourg is showing . 
  while that is true , it is also true that they are the ones that ca n't `` defend '' themselves . 
  those already in retirement have worked all their lives to ensure a good pension , and it 's a bit brutal to see their pensions cut . 
  not saying they should be left untouched , but the government must be very careful with those cuts . 
  being on my mid-twenties and no fixed employment , it is also frustrating to put pensioners being put ahead of those like me who will support the system in the next few decades , but i can understand . 
  well , be has been on the rise lately , it 's already far from being the weakest political force . 
  but be also looses votes because they are too extreme ( though i agree this country desperately needs a severe change , which they could supply ) , they want total rupture with eu , which right now it 's not even remotely feasible . 
  it 's hard to bring corrupt people to justice when judicial services themselves are corrupt . 
  though i think it is partially a cultural problem ( the typical `` you do me a favour , i 'll owe you a favour '' , so common in all latin countries ) , the system itself is vulnerable to those who want to exploit it , which is why we always have typical opportunists in power , about whom we never hear from again after they leave their positions . 
  yes , but political awareness is almost non-existent in portugal . 
  i mean , the government is always oscillating between the same two parties , because people never vote for what each candidate stands for , they vote in protest against the government because of raised taxes/lower salaries/etc during the last term . 
  also , there is the common belief that the majority of politicians are corrupt , so most people do n't bother voting because it `` wo n't make a difference '' . 
  i guess the ideal would be for every person to use their own heads and vote blank , until someone with the right ideals comes forward . 
  you can add the newly discovered `` hole '' of 6 thousand million euros in public-private partnerships of several hospitals . 
  though it 's not something that surprises me anymore . 
  while i do agree that 's a stupid thing to do , at least they make an effort to vote . 
  here abstention is normally around 60 % or something , which is very bad . 
  that depends on the countries , here in portugal we do n't have that many muslims , and i 'm pretty sure the majority of the population is roman catholic . 
  regarding other countries , well , that 's what you get with so many immigrants flooding into europe . 
  is it a good thing ? 
  why would it be a bad thing ? 
  it just is as it is . 
  i do n't have anything against muslim people . 
  do n't really know that many though . 
  i 'd guess you add the `` m '' . 
  do n't see where 's the gain though . 
  a long needed measure , but i 'm afraid it will only lead to a rise in the levels of espionage secrecy . 
  if they cared about the masses ' opinions , there would n't be espionage in the first place . 
  tbh , there are few european countries that have n't contributed to messing up africa ... 
  up to what point are belgians bi-lingual ? 
  is it like total linguistic/cultural separation , or do french speakers understand/speak dutch as well ( and vice-versa ) ? 
  rather small dutch/french speaking country ( with a strong division between dutch speaking and french speaking regions ) , rich as other central europe countries , founder of eu , tintin , french fries , poirot , brussels , awesome chocolate , even more awesome beer !, 
  been to brussels , disappointed ( was expecting something bigger and was cold as f *** ) . 
  been to li\u00e8ge , lovely city . 
  still want to visit brugges and antwerppen .
