i was not exacting referring to the dead count ( though you do have a point ) but to the whole climate of political and social tension ... 
  i think any other term fails to describe the current situation, 
  this obviously can not be a short term plan . 
  if it ever happens , i guess it would take decades to gradually come into being, 
  they have a rather large internal market , i think they do n't see the need to `` export '' their music or invest in international promotion, 
   much of its population believes that they should join the european union , and not stay as an independent country . 
  joining the eu does not imply loss of sovereignty ( at least not at the moment ) . 
  while it imposes some limitations , each country is still independent , and free to leav at any moment . 
  tbh to be born into a wealthy family is to be born into a privileged family . 
  and in the end , those with enough power ( in a monarchy or a republic ) end up being above the law . 
  ( and i 'm not a monarchist , but i believe it has certain advantages over traditional republics ), 
  it 's just that middle names are so common in portugal that it 's very strange for someone to have just 1 given name and 1 surname ... 
  i for one have 5 in total, 
  unrelated question : are middle names that uncommon in central europe ? 
   to get danish citizenship do they tell you to gtfo if you do n't have danish citizenship ? 
  supposed unconstitutionality of some of the austerity measures on the next year 's state budget , and whether or not the constitutional court will invalidate some of them ; teachers protest about a evaluation exam that allows them to teach ;, 
  a common timezone in portugal and finland ? 
  that would n't work . 
  you both clearly missed how awesome october was !, 
   they think they have the most beautiful language in the world  they do n't . 
  but they managed to convince others that they do . 
  not me they have n't . 
  i hate the way french sounds . 
  not really suprising , we pratically invented emmigration . 
  it seems that portuguese are in danger of extintion, 
  funny how it is the same with portuguese - brazilians never use the informal `` tu '', 
  the eagle can also apply to the us government, 
  this is serious . 
  that was my point . 
  we have a missing blonde girl and a blonde girl without parents . 
  i say , give the mccann couple this one and end the whole soap opera that the case has become . 
  you can in portugal , every place that 's not lisbon , porto and the algarve, 
  portugal 2 , as i heard someone calling them . 
  they 're doing better than us though . 
  that never happens when there is something at stake . 
  just look at last playoffs . 
  doing things the portuguese way is just that . 
  i think that while they do n't have a minimum wage specifically imposed by the law , they have some kind of mutual agreement with worker syndicates/unions that implies a lower wage limit , iirc, 
  apparently they made a pledge to win it in 2022 . 
  you know , all that heat in qatar will push the odds in their favour xd, 
  and it started raining, 
  love porto , but in braga you can get cheaper rents , and the food costs are also lower ( 3 ~ 4 $ for a decent sized meal ) , 
  amazing team in euro 2004 , joined the grief after the greek tragedy . 
  exceptionally good beer . 
  prague is highly placed on my favourite places to visit . 
  til there are gmt + / - * .5 timezones, 
  as ryanair is now establishing itself at portela airport , probably lisbon can apper a little higher on the list . . 
  i think that would be an overstatement, 
  til this, 
  one of the few portuguese that went to germany . 
  best months of my life so far , 
  in portugal you just need to show up on the day , take a ticket , wait in line for your turn , and then they take to a fancy room ready for those occasions , and you just have to fill all the paperwork  ( that 's how it went with my sister at least ), 
  all types of it, 
  pizza, 
  apparently i 'd start living by the sea . 
  bring it on !, 
  are n't the current us a mix of old british , french and spanish colonies ? 
  why not both \\ o / ? 
  but i 'd rather take a francesinha !, 
  that was not our independence `` process '' . 
  it was the restoration of our independence at best - and we came under spanish rule mostly due to a succession crisis and some very disputable choices and passiveness of our royal pretenders . 
  portugal was already a sovereign nation for 400 years when all of that happened . 
  regarding catalonia , i just do n't see what could possibly compel madrid to grant you independence - the will of the people , even if you get the referendum , and however romantic it might sound , is hardly at the top of the central government 's priorities . 
  i have nothing against either catalonia or the basque country , but i honestly think it will never happen . 
  they might be able to get some kind of extended autonomy from the central government , but i do n't believe spain ( as in the rest of the country ) will let them go . 
  ( but i fully support pro-independence movements , it should be their decision ), 
   they 're better , more exceptional because they 're american . 
  that has been their unnofficial motto for most of the last century , no surprise there . 
  obviously obama `` change of mind '' came from russia 's involvement . 
  russia partially siding with syria on the matter put things into a different perspective , and he realized that he was better off not creating unnecessary friction with russia . 
  and , as putin states ( however hypocritical he might be ) , the un exists for such situations , and to walk over un take action would set a very dangerous precedent . 
  if they want , sure . 
  but it wo n't happen . 
  how is a separatist pro-independence movement not emphasizing on creating borders ? 
  now the only thing left is asking for likes on facebook , an they are on their way to become independent . 
  us trying to do their `` spread democracy '' thing without un formal consent , russia trying to provoke us . 
  that 's pretty much how i see it . 
   not recommended in a friendly setting because the rest are ok xd, 
  it does make it all sound like an octave lower , making it way more difficult to understand for foreigners . 
  yup cod, 
  it was what they wanted after all , the whole reason colonial wars were being fought . 
  so they ca n't really complain of `` being dumped '' , even though that stagnated their development for some time . 
  you can just be proud of what your country is today , and i think it 's totally normal germans to feel that way . 
  as you say , there is a lot of skeletons in everyone 's closet , but the inverse logic still applies - you can find something to be proud of in every country 's history . 
  well , spain wo n't at least xd, 
  i think you may be reading too much into it . 
  whatever history or tradition `` germany '' has , today it 's a country , a sovereign entity defined by its borders , culture and identity . 
  to be a german you just have to be born in germany , or be descendant from germans . 
  it does n't have to be anything exclusive or elitist . 
  to me , someone who fortunately is young enough to have escaped so many of last century 's tragic events , someone saying that is `` proud to be german '' is the same as me saying i 'm `` proud to be portuguese '' . 
  i might be speaking from the outside here , but i lived in germany for some time and i think to the current generation of germans the traditional notion of `` being german '' is not present . 
  you may be right about the whole `` distraction '' thing , but i do n't think portuguese or spanish people even take this issue seriously ... 
  it can support human life , people have lived there . 
  they are just deserted because , well , nothing interesting happens there ... 
  portuguese rocks nonetheless . 
  it 's not really preference , it 's a treaty old as fuck ... 
  i 'd rather hang out with spanish than with british , they are no fun , but what can you do ... 
  so the whole debacle is about interpreting the meaning of `` rocks '' . 
  classic portuguese reaction, 
  tbh , beja airport might be a stupid mistake - ridiculous decision to build an airport on one of the least populated areas of the country .
