  2 ) if one character fails at a check ( perception for example ) , what stops them just trying over and over again until they get it . 
  3 ) how do you on the fly determine the difficulty of actions ? 
  looked at plenty of premade adventures , but they do n't show the difficulty for every possible thing obviously . 
  is there some rules , or even a general guide on this ? 
  4 ) how does movement work ? 
  what if the characters get into an encounter that was n't strictly planned , or if we are playing a game without maps , do we just ignore movement ? 
  5 ) under what circumstances do savings throws occur ? 
  only when spells/abilities say so ? 
  6 ) after watching some games , i was confused about ac . 
  is there both misses , and hits , but only hitting the armour ? 
  or is it all just `` no damage '' when the roll is less than the ac , and the effect is just sometimes described as missing , and sometimes described as hitting the armour . 
  7 ) i do n't understand saving throws , when do they occur ? 
  the guide explains what they are , but not when the occur . 
  7 ) is there any special way the dm should determine who gets attacked ? 
  8 ) multiclassing ? 
  is this a thing to worry about for a first time game , or should everyone just stick to their class ? 
  9 ) lastly , i have been looking for some premade adventures to either run , or base my own off . 
  it 's a bit hard , especially because so many links seem to 404 - including those in the guides on the sidebar : http://dnd.wizards.com/go/event.aspx?x=dnd/4new/event/dndencounters, 
  any recommendations for where to find premade adventures ? 
  thank you very much , sorry if this is too long . 
  any help would be appreciated . 
  at the start of this year i took a career change and studied web development for a year . 
  in a couple of weeks i am starting a job as a php developer for a mobile orientated website/app agency . 
  i struggled quite a bit with the tasks they got me to do in the interview , but got the job regardless . 
  i have been using laravel for most of my php over the last year . 
  was wondering if anyone had any advice for a first time php dev , or can tell me anything they wish they knew when the started . 
  is there any particular thing in php that gets used constantly that i should make sure i am aware of . 
  any help is appreciated , just want to make sure i am on top of my game when i start . 
  cheers . 
  just got a couple of questions before i start organising my next session . 
  1 ) how do people normally distribute experience , evenly amongst the entire group , or specific to the people who contributed to the kill ( i.e. 
  if they are all in one battle , but one person kills the enemy before any others could help , or the others were preoccupied with other enemies ) . 
  2 ) are there any short 5e campaigns out there that people would recommend , i.e. 
  can be completed in 1 or two sessions , preferably for level 1 - 5ish . 
  free or paid for or otherwise . 
  if a pc gets hit and their health goes below 0 , and then an ally immediately kills the last remaining enemy ( ending combat ) how do you as a dm deal with this . 
  assuming no one in the party has any means of healing ( and no healers kits ) , and the nearest town is half an hour away , what do . 
  would you make that person roll all their death rolls to see if they live or die right there ? 
  i have a friend who i am trying to help get a job , but his situation is a bit tricky . 
  he finished high school in 2006 , after which he completed 1 or two years in some networking and computer hardware course . 
  since then he has done no study or employment of any kind . 
  he may have occasionally help repair a friend 's computer for some petty cash , but nothing else . 
  during this time he has been entirely supported by his family ( who are not well off - possibly also unemployed , i have no idea how they buy food etc , possibly government assistance ) . 
  now me and some other close friends have kind of stepped in and said that enough is enough . 
  we have all gone through graduating just after 2008 and trying to get a job mess so we understand how hard it can be , but this situation is now so hard . 
  a cv seems almost detrimental to any job applications , as all it does is highlight the years of doing nothing - not that there can be much on it anyway . 
  he got an interview at some budget department store type , but did n't get the job , and got hugely discouraged . 
  he is very unmotivated . 
  any advice on both how to try and motivate him , and more importantly , how to approach the job search - since normal methods are not going to work in his case . 
  he is smart , friendly , and pretty good with computers/electronics , but after the 7 years of near solitude , he lacks basic social skills and is shy and unmotivated . 
  thanks for any help . 
  i am planning on playing dnd with my family this weekend ( dad , mum , sister , girlfriend ) . 
  they are a bit of a mix so i am trying to find a campaign that would suit them . 
  if the game is bogged down by rules , they will bail out very quickly . 
  too much combat and not enough role-playing/thinking , they will be bored . 
  they will also want to see story development , but wont want to play several sessions/all day . 
  so i am looking for a campaign that is :, 
  short - 2 hoursish, 
  not combat orientated, 
  story arc, 
  suitable for role playing, 
  i have the 5e starter set , so will probably use the characters from that , but unfortunately the first part of the lmop is very combat heavy . 
  i have looked at the set of 5 miniadventures in phlan - which are pretty good , but to the players are surprisingly shallow ( i.e. 
  it sounds like there is a big plot , but it turns out there is very little ) . 
  what i am asking for may be impossible due to the length restriction , but if anyone has any suggestions , it would be greatly appreciated !, 
  i normally play on very hard , and have previously been playing civs like egypt , athens and rome , and have completed the campaign with them with little difficulty . 
  i quite enjoy the barbarian factions and want to play marcomanni . 
  very hard here is actually quite difficult ( i.e. 
  very hard ) and legendary seems nearly impossible . 
  any advice or suggestions on how to play barbarian factions , or any specific advice for playing marcomanni . 
  the most success i have had is moving north , ignoring the celtic factions , and got lucky because the friendly quadri did well , and essentially walled me into northern europe , safe from rome and everyone else . 
  i messed up because i tried to expand into britain as well as defend my eastern border , and got overwhelmed on both fronts . 
  with factions like egypt/athens - strong defending infantry and heavy cavalry , hammer and anvil tactics are very easy . 
  i 've found it much harder , as all i have are levys for quite a while , and start with 0 food and little income , so it 's hard to get better infantry early . 
  it also seems like i need to spend almost all my income maintaining an army to just defend my borders , leaving me little left to upgrade . 
  i hold on for a while , but all my enemies are getting better troops the longer i wait , eventually i ca n't hold them back any more due to inferior troop types and just lose . 
  please help . 
  i 'm dming a campaign for 5 people who have never played before . 
  i am trying to find an interesting campaign ( read : not just pure combat , some story , choices to be made , puzzles to solve etc ) . 
  i have the starter set , which i am considering , but if i can find a good one that can be completed in one session ( up to 4-5 hours ) then i would prefer that . 
  i have look at ` fey sisters ' fate ' , but not sure if it 's worth the purchase . 
  any suggestions ? 
  maybe i just have n't worked out how to do use them correctly , but i feel like the effective range of all ranged units is less than what the red indicator shows . 
  units do n't even start their firing animation ( with the whole wind up of looking at the enemy , getting their weapon ready , and then finally firing ) until that unit is within their range . 
  it seems then for shorter range units such as javelin throwers , they do n't have any range at all when a unit is charging at them . 
  by the time they are actually about to fire , the enemy has closed the distance and engaged with at least one of the men within the javelin unit , and suddenly the whole unit abandons the plan of throwing javelins at the enemy and pulls out their little daggers . 
  it 's incredibly frustrating . 
  i have been in several battles where winning hinges on killing the enemy chariot general unit . 
  a volley of javelins would normally be enough to kill or route the units , but they are on top of the javelin men too soon , who then give up on throwing ( presumably to avoid friendly fire ) and then let the chariots rack up hundreds of kills in 10 seconds . 
  is there anyway to prep ranged units , or force them to fire even if some of the men are engaged in melee . 
  it 's just so clumsy and loses me a bunch of early battles for no good reason . 
  hi guys , i have done a search , but they are all a year old , so maybe there are a few more suitable 5e adventures by now . 
  i want to introduce 4 friends to dnd , they said they are free on halloween , and i thought that was a cool time , so i want to try and have a spooky halloween setting . 
  can anyone recommend a suitable 5e adventure for new players that might be a little scary . 
  i prefer a ready made adventure as i am still a fairly new player myself , but can try doing a custom job . 
  thanks !, 
  hi , just have a couple of drumming questions . 
  i have n't played in a few years , so a bit out of the culture . 
  1 ) my friends and i want to record a music video for a friend , i have a drum set , but no good way to record it . 
  so i was just going to use software to do the drums in the song , and use the set for the video .
