  i 'm confused by the post battle stats . 
  looks like you lost more than a dozen guys ... 
  ah right , that makes sense . 
  this was very heartwarming . 
  i think he meant blue buff ( as they are golems ), 
  legit as shit . 
  what sort of school is this ? 
  after telling people i 've done a philosophy degree i get a lot of people saying `` oh i 've done some philosophy courses '' and then they commence talking about stuff from their course which to me does n't sound like philosophy at all . 
  i have a suspicion that it may be the case here ? 
  if so , this might be the wrong sub to ask possibly , i am not sure if ` philosophy ' in / r/askphilosophy and the word as you use it are the same thing . 
  i do n't know , i could easily be wrong about this . 
  i 'm late to the party , but i 'm always frustrated by pure discussion threads with no one linking or even naming the thing they are discussing . 
  often this is an amazing game in a tournament , but no one says what the tournament is , or the teams playing . 
  the worst case of this was when the twist of fate cinematic came out . 
  the first i heard about it was in a dicussion thread . 
  everyone was talking about how amazing it was . 
  but i had to go into the negative votes before i found someone simply linking the vid o youtube . 
  / r/leagueoflegends is n't as bad as this as some other game subs . 
  there should be a rule that states all discussion threads must have a link to , or at least the name of the thing being discussed . 
  found my new ringtone ty . 
  i would love to listen to music while i play , but i get annoyed as soon as i struggle to hear the in game noises . 
  how do people play without sound ? 
  i 'm assuming the drill head is pushed forward by a piston . 
  if not ... it should . 
  you sound like a kiwi . 
  if you make a few friends , it would be pretty good . 
  if you like outdoors , auckland has a bunch to do with a group of people or by yourself . 
  the annoying things would be transport and living costs probably . 
  actually what does the temperature in taipei vary between throughout the year ? 
  i can skip but i ca n't go back . 
  i also get the same song sometimes after skipping . 
  indeed , i have been trying to hunt it down also to no luck . 
  the drive from christchurch to queenstown is pretty nice also . 
  all my good vege burgers have two main ingredients . 
  tempeh and capsicum ( bell pepper ) . 
  often i just slice up the tempeh , fry it on a good amount of oil . 
  roast the sliced capsicum along side it and when they are nearly done throw in some red onions to cook for a short time . 
  add a slice of cheese on the tempeh before you take it off to allow it to melt , and then stack them into a bun along side any other ingredients you want , rocket and tomato is usually good . 
  adding too much will overpower the tempeh taste . 
  you can also blend up the tempeh , add salt , pepper , basil and whatever spices you like . 
  throw in an egg ( or other binding agent ) and shape into patties . 
  sauce is obviously important , i am yet to create the right sauce , usually be lazy and fall back to baby mayo . 
  a good satay sauce made from heating a spoonful of peanut butter with some water and soy sauce should be yum . 
  just to be picky , excalibur is n't the sword in the stone ( typically ) as noted in the opening paragraph of your linked wiki . 
  personally i read the top reddit comment first before watching the video , so i was watching for the hook and not at all anything else . 
  indeed , accomm supp is part of the working for families package . 
  i would n't assume your first example to be deductive ... 
  but to add to that , it will also be fallacious if you are using the authority to show an argument is bad . 
  ( an argument is good or bad based on the strength of it 's inference and the plausibility of it 's premises , not on what people say about it ) . 
  my two statements were independent of each other . 
  regarding the first one , i have found that depending on where you study , or what you read , definitions of deductive and inductive reasoning varies , so the confusion may be because of that . 
  but anywho , regarding my second point . 
  of course you can have expertise on evaluating the strength of arguments , and in the right cases you could give a non-fallacious appeal to authority where the conclusion is that an argument is good or bad . 
  however i think the correct , non trivial claim that i was trying to make was that for beginners , or the types of people who might just be learning about appeals to authority will sometimes see arguments that go as follows :, 
  bob is an expert on biology and believes p. 
  andrew gave an argument for p. 
  therefore probably ,, 
  andrew 's argument is good . 
  the beginner will see the authority have relevant expertise to the topic of the argument and say this is a good appeal to authority . 
  however it is not !, 
  this sort of reasoning is actually very common , and it is fallacious . 
  pretty sure i got autoed from shen over the dragon pit wall today as well . 
  take a ferry to rangitoto and give it a climb ( pretty easy ) , enjoyable time out on the water and the volcanic geology is quite nice too . 
  i 'm a bit confused about the burrow mechanic . 
  while burrowed shes visible , targetable , attackable etc. 
  while burrowed she gets reduced vision , but movement sense , more movement speed , no unit collision , health regen and two new abilities . 
  so essentially she is another transform champ ( nid , jayce , elise ) , but the transform is on her w ? 
  what caused the explosion , was it time based ? 
  i think the point was that it lifts right up despite being hard ( er ) to tip over , like there is n't a suction cup or what have you sticking it to the table . 
  i feel like it was her completing the cycle of eliminating all the assholes from the hospital . 
  she just realised that the lady is also one of them . 
  that 's ... that 's barely a pun . 
  i feel now like i have missed something . 
  can you explain ? 
  looks pretty dead to me . 
  i see heaps of videos of people designing/talking about ships involved in large engagements involving multiple people on each side . 
  however i am yet to see _ one _ video of the aforementioned situation . 
  i have seen the occasional video ( read : slideshow ) of two people throwing their creative made large ships at each other , but nothing more complex . 
  all these videos about multiple person engagements on survival would lead one to suggest that these occur , but the lack of videos of such suggests alternatively . 
  what 's up with dat ? 
  what skybox is that ? 
  the way these sites work is that they buy a ton of a game when it 's on sale , and then resells that key slightly above discount price . 
  it 's a bit of a dodgy means of business for these sorts of things , but it does allow you to buy games at super discount price when they are n't on sale on steam . 
  i think occasionally you might get a dud key ( expired , or taken by someone else somehow or something ) . 
  i unknowingly had this on for a legendary campaign that i eventually lost . 
  was pretty annoyed when i realised why my entire army was spontaneously routing in really clutch battles . 
  `` hey guys so we nerfed transport ships so there is more of a need for navies ... and we nerfed your already lackluster navies also ... '', 
  these are good questions i also would like to see an answer to . 
  it is summer though . 
  i always love me a vege lasagne, 
  good luck to all , 
  iceni have a weird thing were you can only recruit painted swordsman with a level 2 and level 4 building . 
  once you upgrade it to level 3 you suddenly ca n't recruit them anymore . 
  weird and annoying . 
  yeah i always play with the time limit . 
  sometimes battles end in a sort of stalemate ( you have an inferior army , but control of the city , the ai has no means to take the walls , so just sits back , or you have control of the coast , and the large seafaring enemy has no means to land ) . 
  it is reasonable in this case for the city controller to win . 
  agreed , that comment was kind of bizarre to read . 
  auckland is a super diverse city , it 's the biggest polynesian city in the world ( in terms of both total population and pacific islander populations ) , but it 's also a super popular place for a huge range of people to immigrate to . 
  the students should be aware of the multiculturalism they will be going into .
