  edit : also this sub should be amalgamated with / r/entropia , community too small to have two subs, 
  i 'll have a play around today with a test subreddit and see what i can come up with , i 'll message you with a link and you can let me know what you think . 
  i 'm just checking out how css editing on reddit works , and it looks pretty straightforward . 
  i am just wondering how the editing on the sidebar was done if not css - just checking to see if i 'm missing a sub editing tool somewhere . 
  i agree . 
  i 've come back after a couple of years break and despite the price of sweat plummeting , new players have it pretty good these days . 
  so here 's my guide . 
  create a calypso account - at some point in account creation i believe you 'll be offered to be a starter pack from the web store . 
  there are three tiers $ 5 , $ 15 , $ 40 . 
  if you do n't mind depositing , buy what you can afford , you will skill up faster , get a cool set of armour , and some otherwise really helpful gear . 
  you will also be able to customise your character more at the start - definately worth the price . 
  when you start the game up , you will be dumped in a generic tutorial area - which teaches controls . 
  my friend recently did this , and for some reason it is not made obvious that this is the area in which you customise your avatar , so do n't leave this area until you have done so !, 
  right click screen -  my avatar -  customise avatar or something similar . 
  after you are happy with your avatar , you will be dumped into the calypso tutorial area on `` thule '' i believe . 
  you start in a cave , talk to the dude in the cave because he gives you a gun . 
  from that , just follow the tutorial onwards - it will take about an hour and you will get a bunch of free stuff . 
  eventually you will get to a teleporter ( tp ) and can make your way to calypso . 
  the main new starting area is camp icarus - east of port atlantis . 
  you may also start in half moon bay ( up by cape corinth ) or possibly port atlantis ( i am not sure ) . 
  at both camp icarus and half moon bay there are good quests to do . 
  if you start at camp icarus , do as much of the missions as you can - the guy with a big cloak up the ramp that tells you to get a bunch of trophies is n't that great - feel free to not do his missions . 
  the other 3 npcs in this area are must dos . 
  if you run out of ammo , head up to half moon bay , there is an npc on the beach who will give you a quest and eventually give you several ped of ammo !, 
  feel free to do the quests in this area and it will eventually lead you to cape corinth . 
  upstairs in the main cape corinth building is an orange bar area - inside is a `` gauntlet organiser '' npc . 
  to do his mission , you need a team - find a friend , or pull together a bunch of newbies , and do this quest . 
  any * new * player who does it for the first time will get a 4 ped fap . 
  this is helpful . 
  once you are finished with half moon bay/cape corinth , ensure you have finished the missions at camp icarus , one will eventually lead you to the out post nus lul - here are more missions worth completing ( feel free to hold off of any iron missions you get ) . 
  eventually either from the missions or your own initiative , you will end up in port atlantis - more missions worth doing !, 
  i ca n't remember exactly what there is , but do what you can . 
  once you have done all that ( hopefully you bought the starter pack to help with all these missions ) you can do what you want . 
  there is a good mission at fort troy : http://www.entropedia.info/info.aspx?chart=mission&amp;name=for_discreet_applicants_only, 
  if you do that , make sure you never talk to mr book - only do the mr lyndon mission line - as the reward will then be 1 ped of evade skills which will help in sweating/surviving . 
  the mission can be a bit hard due to high level mobs in the area - but you do n't need to shoot anything . 
  you may also come across people who are flying to another planet and are looking for some company for relatively cheap . 
  take advantage of these opportunities - most planets have their own tutorials - get more free stuff , and its good fun to see the universe . 
  if you do the hunt the thing missions on rocktropia - you will get a helicopter which may help a lot with the fort troy quest !, 
  be sure not to take stackable items into space , as it is all lootable pvp . 
  i apologise if there are any errors . 
  and as others have stated , feel free to ask questions . 
  add http://hollywoodcinema.net.nz/ to your list, 
  on the philosophy the typical go to book ( and fairly easy to read ) is animal liberation by peter singer . 
  as the only vegetarian in my office ( which had fairly regular shared lunches ) i highly appreciated any time someone put any effort into considering my diet . 
  if someone produced an entire vegetarian dish , just because i was in the office - i would be over the moon . 
  i am not sure if she is the same , but she might not be expecting anything , so any consideration of her diet may be similarly appreciated - even if it 's just a small token of consideration . 
  dishes like pasta and curry often potentially look the same/taste pretty much the same regardless of whether its vegetarian or not as all the flavour is largely in the sauce . 
  some people could just make a curry/pasta dish and just not tell people it 's vegetarian . 
  people will probably eat it regardless - i 've had a friend ( non-vegetarian ) who accidentally bought the same pizza as me , he did n't even notice until i told him - he said it just tasted like pizza . 
  i agree . 
  it 's one of the best alpha games out there atm ( if you like the sandbox genre ) , with a great development team who outputs regular quality updates . 
  chivalry is good - but does go on big sales quite often - whereas sales for space engineers are going to be few and far between due to the alpha status . 
  i 'd say it has much less of a learning curve than kerbal . 
  it 's a lot more like minecraft . 
  tbh , the biggest learning curve is with the interface , once you understand the interface , it 's relatively straightforward . 
  it 's still very sandboxy at the moment . 
  added flairs , they might be too big ... 
  you should try age of pirates 1 or 2 . 
  it 's buggy as hell , the hand it hand combat is pretty shit . 
  but when it comes to sea battles , and the rpgness of a pirate , it 's pretty awesome . 
  this looks awesome . 
  have you fiddled with the rotor speed and force of gravity ? 
  it might be hard to get it working with them falling so fast . 
  ship welders will do it . 
  been killed by them many a time . 
  more info here ( although even less eli5 ) :, 
  note that the idea behind it is not that we do n't or cant have emotional responses to fictional things , just that doing so is irrational . 
  this is pretty cool . 
  can someone explain what all the ship classes are . 
  i see people mentioned x class ship named : y all the time . 
  is there any system behind this ? 
  are people just doing it to sound cool and they grab whatever word the want and throw `` class '' after it ? 
  it 's just really confusing ( and a bit weird ) because people are using it as a technical term , but afaik there is no semantics behind it so it 's really uninformative . 
  would be better if people either gave the name of their ship , or used descriptive words such as `` large '' or `` carrier '' . 
  ah that makes a lot of sense . 
  thanks . 
  how does a rock launcher work ? 
  do the bits of rock from mining have the potential to do damage ? 
  if she was more savvy she would try and use the loan/living costs/allowance on everything , and not touch her savings . 
  free money . 
  i am just going to post the obligatory things that are stated whenever someone talks abouts lists of fallacies in / r/askphilosophy , / r/philosophy or almost any undergrad philosophy class :, 
  fallacies are only useful heuristics for quick casual explanation of bad arguments to those who are interested , but not invested in an argument . 
  fallacies on their own are not evidence/reasoning on why someones argument is bad . 
  the reason for this is that saying `` oh but you have committed the fallacy fallcy '' is n't particularly helpful to someone who is using their ( bad ) argument to support their statements . 
  they are not going to be convinced just from you dropping fancy names , in order for them to be persuaded that their argument is bad ( and reasonably so ) you will need to explain why their argument commits that fallacy . 
  explanations of fallacy committing inevitably consist of explaining what is bad about the argument . 
  but if you are explaining what is bad about the argument , why even bring up fallacies and their names to begin with . 
  cut the fluff in the middle out and go straight to the explanation of how their argument is bad . 
  dropping fallacy names in an effort to persuade someone their argument is bad is a waste of time and indicative of someone who does n't really know why an argument is bad . 
  no , fallacy fallacy is when you state that someones conclusion is false on the basis their argument is bad . 
  bad arguments can have true conclusions . 
  the point i was making is that merely stating an argument commits a fallacy is not rationally persuasive that an argument is bad . 
  just as a response to your latter point : i agree `` persuasive '' is a dangerous word to use in this context due to the disjoint between persuasive and good arguments . 
  i did make sure i ammended `` rationally '' to the front to try and be clear of what sort of persuasion i meant . 
  i 'd imagine that in the contexts where people might be tempted to drop fallacy names , persuasion is one objective - remembering that people can be persuaded of the truth by providing them with good arguments for that truth . 
  i like your site , i think it is one of the better fallacy list sites ( and better looking ) . 
  i was just posting the obligatory warning for those people who might try and use fallacy names in less appropriate contexts . 
  this is how i always stand , i just find it more comfortable . 
  i 'm really confused .
