  ah i potentially forgot the 0.5 , and for some reason i was using 80 billion light years for the size . 
  but even so , to beat that , flash and superman would have to travel at 39,000 times the speed of light to beat that ... which i feel they do n't , as such big rig comes first by far ... 
  i need this guy in my life , learning so much :|, 
  what 's a ` non-backer ' ? 
  i would n't be too worried . 
  yes the gold pack is good value , but you would probably quickly outgrow the items anyway , or good/better alternatives are purchasable . 
  the only difference in items is really the vehicle and the amp . 
  the vehicle i would n't fuss about , there are actually a bunch of ways to get free vehicles , and they are pretty cheap anyway . 
  the amp is good , but depending on what you are doing there are alternatives , but i would n't worry about using it until you have a few skills anyway . 
  spend the money you deposit on getting between planets ( you will occasionally find people offering cheap flights ) , and get all the free stuff from each planet . 
  i also had the same query . 
  what power is there to save if you have none ? 
  i am new to all this also , but would n't 298 be the representation of the score if sa knew that there would only be 43 overs ? 
  sorry if that was what you were saying . 
  another annoying one is in css when styling . 
  your class names will spell it ` colour ' so it 's readable to you , but then in the css you have to spell it ` color ' . 
  i always forget and struggling to figure out what 's going wrong . 
  i do n't get it ... 
  i think the issue is basically , which god do you choose ? 
  on the extreme end , what if the god that exists appreciates atheism ? 
  rumble 's time to shine !, 
  you can , but it in each direction it extends outwards from the generator on both sides . 
  if you could specify the side you would need 6 sliders , not just the three that we have . 
  my friends and i had never played but we just gave it a go recently and learned as we went . 
  pretty fun , although time consuming . 
  edit : also , if you are interested in how it even works as i was , there are plenty of videos on youtube of people playing , some entertaining , some less so . 
  awesome , i will probably do something with this . 
  this is my number one wanted feature as well . 
  so many cool builds i can think of made not possible because of this . 
  i love the planets , and better multiplayer is good . 
  i am a little worried about scenarios . 
  i like objectives , and having scenarios as well as sandbox is nice , but i 'm worried they are putting the player base into two very distinct camps . 
  those that want scenarios/objectives , and those who want sandbox . 
  i feel like most of us want something with both , a persistent sandbox game with optional objectives to give your creative drive a purpose and end game . 
  some rare resource found deep in one planet somewhere that allows you to create something unique ( perhaps travelling to other servers ) . 
  an enemy base with blueprints for new parts . 
  a research lab part that requires some special materials that slowly unlocks new parts/suit upgrades . 
  i do n't care about scenarios particularly , i just want the normal sandbox game to have progression and goals . 
  image of some bubbles from pinocchio for comparison . 
  $ 150 a day ? 
  how expensive is new york such that that is not enough to stop being homeless ? 
  same here , i was confused when i clicked again and it went back to the original video . 
  in philosophy for a long time knowledge was roughly accepted to be a justified true belief . 
  in 1963 edmund gettier came along and wrote a short 2 page paper with a convincing argument that this is incorrect . 
  following that there has been heaps and heaps of work put into understanding the meaning of ` knowledge ' . 
  but as far as i know gettier has n't put out any other well known works since . 
  you can read the entire text here ( very short ) : http://www.ditext.com/gettier/gettier.html, 
  edit : just saw that this was already posted : /, 
  are you planning on doing it on roll20 or ... ? 
  how many of you are there , as long as you have enough , one of you should just be able to dm . 
  it will be slower than normal , but still work . 
  learn the rules as a group , each player should just learn how roll modifiers , proficiency , initiative , damage and their class abilities work . 
  i feel like that 's the basics you need to know to just get going . 
  the dm can just try and learn about surprise , passive perception , advantage/disadvantage work . 
  in fact , even surprise and passive perception can just be made up or looked up as you go . 
  there will be a few things you might need to look up , but not as much as you think , if it 's slowing the game down , just ignore the rules and play it how you want . 
  i just played a game with 3 people who not only had never played dnd before , but never played any game of any sort , in the entire campaign we just used basic ability rolls , damage , and advantage/disadvantage . 
  what is the new minotaur race . 
  i saw the bird race in the elemental evil supplement , but could n't see anything about minotaurs ... 
  i agree that progression is needed . 
  but as other users have said , we do n't want that progression by limiting access to certain items or tools ( or at least much ) . 
  rather progression should come from time invested . 
  the problem at the moment , is that no matter how much time you invest , there is nothing really to achieve . 
  ok so i can spend some time gathering resources from my handdrill , once i have done that i can build a small mining ship to collect resources faster , once i have done that i can expand my base to refine and assemble faster . 
  perhaps i can get some sort of automated factory going , build some large ships to do this all faster and better . 
  but to what end ? 
  this game reminds me a bit of cookie clicker , sure you can be creative in how you collect the resources , but with those resources there is very little you can do other than build stuff to collect and use resources faster . 
  with rubbish multiplayer lag , large capital ship battles are n't a thing ( not that there is much to battle over ) . 
  with no enemy ai , elaborate base defences are useless . 
  with not really anywhere to go and do , building self sufficient exploration capital ships are useless . 
  we need progression in terms if in game goals . 
  the progression comes from time invested into getting the ships to achieve these goals . 
  i always lost motivation to learn coding from sites like codeacademy too . 
  i learned to code the same way i learned to play guitar , by finding something i wanted to make , and figuring out what i needed to learn to make that . 
  only then did code academy become useful . 
  programming is a tool , you should n't set out to learn how to use a tool , you should set out how to learn to make something that may use that tool . 
  also direct link to ama :, 
  i helped compile and make schoolphilosophyresources.com , it 's targeted for the new zealand high school curriculum , but could be helpful . 
  not that i was expecting other developers to give me free shit for being a victim of the stomping land , but this was pretty underwhelming . 
  any recommendations here if i were to buy only one ? 
  this was actually really enjoyable to watch . 
  the aesthetics of aoe was really nice, 
  can someone explain what 's going on ? 
  looks just like a gank that rumble flashed out of ? 
  am i missing something ? 
  jedi use the force to help them fight with lightsabers , being able to predict where the enemy will be a le spidey sense style . 
  i imagine with not force training , jedi would be pretty average with lightsabers . 
  i just played 5e with my family ( parents and older sister and my girlfriend ) recently . 
  they are all into theatre and story telling , so pitching the idea was n't hard . 
  i then made an effort to find a campaign that was n't combat and rule heavy . 
  for characters i did n't let them make one , that 's far too much , i instead gave them the starter edition characters ( free online ) and let them choose the one that they related to most . 
  if your mum is like mine , just pitch it as interactive story telling , and make it so , do n't let the game get bogged down in technicalities . 
  let them get away with stuff that you would n't let a more experienced player get away with if it requires using rules strictly . 
  if at doubt , let the dice decide !, 
  have fun , i had heaps of fun with my parents . 
  so did they . 
  i 'm selling a pdp 805 drum set . 
  it 's in really good knick , a nice kit , and going cheap . 
  english is my first language , and i had no idea what this meant , thanks for asking . 
  can we use persian with basic moves as some sort of metric ?
