  however looking yesterday i could n't see anything at all . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's just server issues . 
  no it 's been out on the play store for a couple of days now . 
  edit : region rollout was spread out . 
  so depending which regions your google account is associated with , some people got it earlier than others . 
  well i was in the new zealand release and caught some here in taipei , so ... 
  cool man , that 's the same technique i used for one of my sites . 
  took a while to figure it out !, 
  that gardens are legal in new zealand, 
  why have user accounts if nothing changes ? 
  i probably ca n't answer your question . 
  but are you building the website from scratch ? 
  worry about making it before you worry about hosting . 
  i work remotely , so probably not representative of normal tech usage in taiwan . 
  i 'm on the lamp stack , but trying to transition to more javascript focused - when i have the time . 
  i 'm kind of trying to find local work at the moment but it 's a bit hard with my terrible chinese . 
  my remote work pays me quite a bit more than most jobs i could find here , so i will likely stick with it . 
  i 've only recently started looking , so really not sure . 
  it will likely depend on the company . 
  very similar situation here . 
  i got the interview through my school , and even though i did terrible on the technical test , they said they hired me because of my prior work showing good communication and interpersonal skills and the small projects i had done showed creativity and eagerness to learn . 
  you mean you got your old password that you had forgotten , or a new one that had just been set ? 
  this is actually helpful, 
  taipei is pretty easy to get around if you use the trains . 
  there are heaps of decent cafes around taipei for working in - though they often open in the afternoon . 
  airbnb is decent for a couple of weeks , just try and be close to an mrt station to make your life easier . 
  i am suddenly confused by the fire weakness trope . 
  are we pretending that normal flesh is somehow particularly resistant to fire or something . 
  this article frustrated me because all i wanted from it was to experience what interacting with this sort of ui felt like . 
  only pictures and a video of someone else interacting with it . 
  a video ... 
  meetups !, 
  there are heaps in taipei . 
  i have made lots of friends by attending those . 
  but his `` offbeat '' is on the bass hit . 
  slightly unrelated , but on my several plays of clan angrund , the mutinous gits were never an issue until i actually came over there . 
  but on my first wood elves play through , angrund asked me to join their war against the mutinous gits . 
  i accepted , wanted to keep my alliances happy ( need dat amberlamps ) . 
  a few turns later , several full stacks of mutinous gits appeared on my door step and started ransacking athel loren ... wtf, 
  reserve means to save for future use - not rear or the reverse . 
  otherwise cool battle and good commentary . 
  i 've been having similar thoughts . 
  i ca n't quite pin it down , but the campaign pacing is all off compared to previous games . 
  for all races , it starts off strong , and i have a strong connection to my initial army and my initial territory . 
  at some point maybe 20 - 30 turns in i start losing track of which units i am aiming for . 
  my army is so far from my initial territory that the only armies that have new units are any newly created armies . 
  but unfortunately i am so focused on leveling my initial armies to get the high tier perks that i do n't really use my new armies . 
  so i hit this weird point mid to late game where my main armies are still using mostly early game units . 
  and then suddenly i start having enough cash that i can afford to recruit the units globally . 
  so my army status jumps up to high tier units . 
  i then use these high tier armies to destroy chaos and by this stage it 's mostly just clean up to win the game , no other faction has actually created a decent size empire , and the map is too small anyhow . 
  so the game dwindles down from there . 
  because of all this , i barely use any mid game units , and i never use very late game units because the late game is boring . 
  for example , with empire , i almost never have used empire knights or handgunners . 
  nor have i ever got to the point where i start using steam tanks or luminarks ( as they game is pretty much over by then ) . 
  similar things for greenskins with spider riders and giants . 
  irondrakes or gyrocoptors for dwarfs . 
  i think it 's a weird combination of how provinces work , map size , faction ai ( never builds a big empire ) and perhaps even lack of a food mechanic that creates this really messed up pacing that destroys the role playing element for me . 
  maybe it 's just my playstyle ... 
  yeah you are absolutely right . 
  i am not expecting the company to do the teaching for me . 
  i think one of the core reasons why i was considering leaving was before my current project , i was especially not enjoying working there - however it has improved in the last couple of months . 
  i just do n't have the perspective for how few and far between these types of gigs are , so was n't sure how big of a mistake leaving would be . 
  well before this project i was n't enjoying the work particularly , and had been planning on moving on when i told them i was moving overseas . 
  but i think you are right , i need to spend more time on my own projects to develop my skills . 
  i knew what it would be as soon as i saw your comment . 
  thanks , yeah i guess i just do n't know the industry very well yet , and have started to panic at being left behind . 
  yes , it 's an extremely large project ( over 2 years of full time development by 1 or 2 people ) and the deadlines are always very tight , so almost no time for even bugfixing is given ( part of the reason i wanted to leave in the first place ) . 
  however your point is relevant , i think i need to get some basic skills in the areas i want to develop in , and then bring them into the projects i am leading in the future . 
  cheers !, 
  i have a feeling there are stat changes when you are ambushed . 
  can anyone confirm . 
  i had a similar case ( andrund vs skarnik ) . 
  i was ambushed by him , but my forces were superior , so i fought the battle . 
  my men got chewed up so fast , just absolutely demolished and lost my whole army - that was basically going to be the end of the campaign . 
  i loaded an autosave and avoided the ambush , and then engaged the exact same army the next turn in a regular battle . 
  i did n't have any special geographical advantage , and the battle was pretty similar to the ambush battle - but this time i completely destroyed him . 
  my units did n't get chewed up anywhere near as fast . 
  i would really like to add a scarcity mod to this . 
  i do n't like that there is food and gold littered everywhere , making the eating and drinking nothing more than storage being used up and the occasional nuisance . 
  know of any mods to remove all the free food and gold lying around . 
  i do n't see this being possible . 
  fallacies are pretty hard for trained humans to spot and agree on , even with simple cases . 
  any moderately involved comment will be far too complicated for a bot to successfully evaluate and match to a fallacy . 
  this is especially the case because almost always argument validity ( probably the easiest thing to test ) is still often very content dependent , at least in terms of how we word the argument . 
  you could try using your crafting skills together to create better gear than you might normally have . 
  create fortify smithing potions/gear , fortify alchemy enchantments , and fortify enchanting potions , and rack up some awesome gear to help output the damage . 
  i 'm not sure if it will work at the lower level , but i 've always wanted to try . 
  it certainly works amazingly at higher levels . 
  you should have it lower legs once the mining arm is as deep as it can go , then lift the leg its standing on , eat away at the middle pillar , then lower again and repeat, 
  what are the limitations of this tool ? 
  if none or little ( only limitations are the ones set by the game ) then should n't this be the default type of thing within the game ? 
  these all seem like things that could be added though - perhaps with some interface updates . 
  what did you write this in ? 
  perhaps through it up on github if you are willing so the community could update it ? 
  i 've used html2pdf.it to good results, 
  for internet get a prepaid sim card at taoyuan airport . 
  you can get unlimited 4g data for 6 months for 5000ntd ( or 3000 for 3g ) . 
  probably the cheapest you can get for that much . 
  then you never need to worry about wifi or home internet etc as you can just use phone tethering .
