  ( not all companies offer this , so ask the different desks at the airport ), 
  sorry for late reply , no need to sign a contract , you can pay extra to extend the period ( 10000 for a year ) . 
  the only issue i have had with it before is one time the number they gave me was a previously used number , so i got calls from strangers regularly - do n't think that 's normal though . 
  thanks this is super helpful !!, 
  i have already got my flights , so i guess i 'll just see what 's on the calendar closer to the time and find the time to go . 
  exciting !, 
  i loved this campaign . 
  i acted as a peacekeeper , made strong friendships with everyone i could . 
  eventually i had peace between humans , orcs , dwarfs . 
  elves and vampires . 
  if any faction caused aggression to another faction ( usually one of the human factions trying to take out the orcs ) i would come to the aid of the defender and fight the aggressor until they were wiped out , or made peace with everyone else . 
  some schools also have very relaxed uniforms . 
  i know at my school girls could wear pants , shorts etc. 
  really depends on the school . 
  magic needs counterplay . 
  rng based punishment for spells and balancing resulting spells by making them weak is really not fun . 
  spells should require positioning ( wind spells are really neat , and tough to pull off , but do n't have the power behind them to make them worthwhile ) . 
  you should also be able to position your spellcasters to reduce the effectiveness of spells , i.e. 
  be able to put up shields . 
  maybe you can toggle a state the caster is in , they are unable to move , and can slowly drain winds of magic , but create a debuff area where spells ca n't be cast . 
  all this rng crap of zig zagging vortexes , random chance to hurt yourself , and otherwise 0 counterplay is really boring for magic . 
  not to mention that there are about 4 or 5 different spells , and everything is just different animations of the same thing . 
  i hope they get more creative with magic in the next game and add some counterplay to magic so they can boost it 's power . 
  it was really neat to see in the trailer the highelf put up a localised projectile shield . 
  that is awesome , i will be dissapointed if that just becomes a passive missile resistance area buff . 
  sorry , yeah this is what i meant . 
  some visible barrier that can be menouvered around and is 1000x more readible than a stat buff with some vague animation would be way cooler , and more fun . 
  both great games . 
  warhammer is more streamlined , but also a lot more dumbed down . 
  the battles are fun , but the campaign is a bit lacking . 
  there is large variation between factions in both games , but obviously moreso in warhammer . 
  i think rome2 is the much better game as i really like campaign side of the game , as much as the battles . 
  actually , with warhammer i find the battles a bit too varied , i struggle to make correct decisions based on unit matchups . 
  i would recommend rome2 for the price and quality , but if you are into fantasy , then go for warhammer . 
  yeah same thing here . 
  tiers of hours/month with optional blocks of hours purchasable if you run out . 
  search for the snowflake/speech bubble icons . 
  warhammer is very much about roll playing and battles . 
  campaign strategy is very minimal . 
  rome 2 is excellent . 
  definitely my favourite tw , though i have n't played attila yet because i do n't care for the period . 
  rome2 is super polished , huge , with large variety . 
  i see lots of people in various threads still criticising rome based on its release state . 
  but that 's kind of like criticising warhammer for only having 4 starting positions . 
  possibly , i have contacted the publisher to see if they have any experience with the issue . 
  edit : though i have tested with samples of other books , and while the segmentation is perhaps better , it is not good . 
  bahahaha , when they were talking about the analogy , i thought it was some bizarre comparison to public well being . 
  but they really just meant it will make it hard for them to make as much money . 
  why should we give a shit about that ? 
  google inbox is one of the best designed apps i 've ever used , and works as a good enough to-do app for me . 
  inbox 's philosophy is slightly different from other email clients . 
  with inbox , emails are n't treated as correspondence that need to be organised into folders etc. 
  they are treated as tasks . 
  so when you get an email , you need to act on that task ( email ) . 
  if you can reply now , you reply , then click done , and it is no longer in your inbox . 
  if you just need to read it , read it , then click done to remove it . 
  if you ca n't deal with it now , you snooze it to a later date/location , and then it will appear in your inbox at that time/at that location . 
  important emails that you need continue reference to can be pinned , or placed in a relevant folder . 
  but essentially your inbox should always be empty apart from tasks that you have to do . 
  you can then also set up reminders ( periodic or one time ) for yourself , this can include links , and treat them the same as emails - tasks to be completed . 
  once you treat emails this way , i felt my life became waaaay more organised , and all my tasks were in one area ( which is also an area i look at regularly due to it being where my emails arrive ) . 
  i 'm watching it from the studio in seoul today , so excited !, 
  rome2 or warhammer . 
  rome2 is a really solid game in many respects . 
  warhammer has good faction diversity and fun battles , but is lacking in the campaign mechanics . 
  if members belongs to branches , i would access the members table through the user branch relationship . 
  if that branch does n't have a relationship with that user , then you will get an error . 
  it depends why you love total war/warhammer . 
  warhammer is fun for role playing , and for open field battles , with great variety in units . 
  but it lacks in campaign depth and battle type variety . 
  rome2 is really polished by now , has much more in depth campaign gameplay and at least relative to attila and shogun2 , a decent amount of variety . 
  i find warhammer neat , but i 've far more enjoyed the hours i put into rome 2 . 
  i say this with the knowledge that this is a troll post in all likelihood , but ... that 's what all the other total wars are ... 
  html and css is enough technically . 
  some javascript could help depending on what you want the site to do . 
  probably do n't need a back end . 
  a github profile might be more valuable though ( or as well ! ), 
  depending on the kind of jobs you are looking for . 
  well then just build a nice static site . 
  if sometime into the project , you decide you want a feature that requires javascript , then learn how to make that particular feature . 
  taking many small steps , where each step is a practical application within a project you want to do is the best way to learn i think . 
  just finished one on very hard . 
  the first few turns are tough . 
  focus on getting enough amber and money to get the tree up two levels so you can confederate . 
  the sooner you do this , the sooner you can have a good eco and you wo n't be punished by confederating with factions who are spending heaps of amber . 
  so just rush settlements , even if you know you ca n't hold them as long as it allows you to upgrade the tree . 
  once you have confederated all the elves , focus on military alliances . 
  get the tech to improve diplomacy and you can pretty quickly gets lots of trade and alliance amber , after this amber should not be a problem . 
  in my game , brettonia and all the empire were invading the north instead of the other way round , use this opp to take all the northern settlements for yourself . 
  once the united world demolished chaos , all the alliances might start breaking down , retreat to the forest and just worry about getting the tree to max level if not already done . 
  every town has garrison troops . 
  they are troops that defend the city and can support nearby armies , but ca n't be manually moved around on the campaign map . 
  higher tier cities have better garrisons . 
  when i lord is recruited , they stand just outside the city . 
  so they can get support from the garrison troops in normal battles , but are still able to be ambushed , which means you get no reinforcements from the garrison . 
  after you recruit a lord it 's often a good idea to immediately place him in the city to avoid this and for more public order bonus etc. 
  what faction are you playing , some factions have mechanics that allow instant recruitment under certain circumstances , but generally recruits always take at least a turn to recruit . 
  do n't feel stupid , the game and ui is terribly confusing . 
  to answer your question yes you would need html , css , js , prob some js library like d3 for the graphs , as well as server side like node or php as well as a database . 
  i am not sure if there are any cms available that can do stuff like this , not that i know of .
