  saying that , this is quite a lot of work to do from scratch and uses some relatively advanced skills . 
  if you are a complete beginner and under any amount of time pressure i would n't try and do it yourself . 
  look for an existing service that does this , coincidentally i am about to finish making something like this in the next month , or hire someone . 
  i hope this does n't need a spoiler tag ... 
  i hope this does n't need a spoiler tag ... 
  i google things constantly . 
  i would n't be afraid to google , just try and refrain from copy pasting chunks of code from the search results , you will never learn if you always do that and have to keep googling the same thing over again ( which will happen anyway though ) . 
  is the html loaded in another request ? 
  i.e is secondpage.html loaded by navigating to another page . 
  if so then all the javascript is reloaded , and no variable values are stored . 
  each request is entirely it 's own entity . 
  if you want to store data between requests you will need a back end of some sort or use cookies, 
  for a while now , villains have been making or breaking superhero movies for me . 
  spiderman was great because the villain was great . 
  the netflix series for the most part has had great villains - wilson fisk , kilgrave , cottonmouth ( the punisher to an extent ) . 
  these were all great characters with somewhat relatable motivations and interesting ties with the hero . 
  the defenders hand villains ( the 3rd fucking season of this organisation being the villain ) were not scary , completely unrelatable , with a stupid motivation that made no sense . 
  electra as the main enemy made even less sense . 
  suddenly with no explanation she was powerful enough to take on all these people solo and just did it because she was told ( for the most part ) . 
  it was just so bad , and the producers should feel bad . 
  op is asking why rome2 is currently hated . 
  i 'm guessing a lot of people have n't tried it since launch . 
  it 's not without issues , but it 's currently a really solid game . 
  hate for ca for mismarketing and releasing a buggy as shit game sure , but why hate the game when as it stands now is pretty bloody good . 
  i think it 's vastly better than warhammer and i absolutely love fantasy . 
  finished learning ? 
  i hope you are using all these things to build projects . 
  but yeah , a front end framework is probably an idea - react/vue, 
  planning it out on pen and paper is fine ( and good ! ) . 
  what you need to plan and how extensively depends on the scope of the project . 
  planning is always good , but do n't let planning get in the way of doing . 
  often you wo n't know what problems there are to solve until you try . 
  in terms of how to structure your development . 
  i find working in columns rather than layers is more useful . 
  build the website feature by feature - maybe not until it 's perfect , but at least functional . 
  it can be pretty painful to come back to features you were working on a while ago . 
  so get a feature as done as reasonable , and then move onto the next . 
  this way is also a bit more rewarding , as you can set yourself mini goals and see them come to fruition . 
  i also got the hp spectre . 
  really happy with it so far . 
  especially since it replaced a huge gaming laptop . 
  having a day 's work of battery life and no more shoulder injuries is amazing . 
  this is a great question , and it 's really good you are thinking about it this early . 
  i will give you my thoughts , but here is my background so you are aware of where i am coming from . 
  i initially did a non it related degree that definitely built a lot of employment related general skills , but no specific technical skills . 
  after working in non it areas for a while , i did a year long web development course and got a dev job immediately after graduating . 
  a couple of years after that i started working remotely while travelling . 
  the year long course was definitely a big boon for my eventual nomadism . 
  but i think the communication and general employment skills i built over the years also helped significantly . 
  i also feel quite behind a lot of my colleagues when it comes to technical computer science based tasks . 
  i can handle clients , and manage projects , and organise myself - which is all great skills for being a digital nomad . 
  but if asked to do something super technical , i will say yes , but know that i will struggle more than others . 
  i also have a friend that only did the year long web dev diploma , and are years ahead of their peers in salary now . 
  we also both spent a significant amount of personal time developing our portfolios . 
  my advice would be to avoid the 3 monthish long boot camps and spend the time you have building your other skills , and your relationships , and all the other things that are important . 
  a longer , but not full bachelor qualification might be suitable . 
  unless you are eager to travel soon ( which might not happen anyway ) , a degree is n't going to be the worst . 
  in all seriousness , has anyone created good drinking game rules for tonight ? 
  i enjoyed the last election a lot more with the rules . 
  well at least until john campbell heard about the rules also and started purposely making everyone drink . 
  i just updated the styling of / r/entropiauniverse . 
  please post in here any comments you have about the new style - what you like/don ' t like as well as any further changes you would like to see , and i 'll definitely take all your thoughts into consideration . 
  any feedback would be appreciated . 
  ** flairs ** : there are also currently flairs for each planet that you can tag to the posts you make . 
  more flairs will be added as needed . 
  again , any thoughts , or suggested flairs , please comment . 
  cheers . 
  i 'm level 220 or there abouts ( sounds like a lot , but does n't actually take that long ) . 
  together with potions + smithing -  potions + enchantments i can create some really high level gear and weapons that do a lot of damage ( i.e. 
  can kill anything in 3 or 4 hits at most on legendary ) . 
  however i ca n't find a way to scale up my magic damage , even master level spells only tickle the enemy at this level . 
  does the magic damage scale with anything , or it just the base damage and perks ? 
  my character was always a mage foremost , and now i am a bit sad that magic is essentially useless . 
  am i missing something ? 
  i got annoyed at every flashcard website out there when i am trying to practice chinese for various reasons . 
  so i decided to just make my own . 
  the core functionality i wanted that websites did n't have was :, 
  no downloads ( i.e. 
  not anki ), 
  shuffling between english -  chinese , chinese -  english ( i.e. 
  not cram.com ), 
  flexible inputs between pinyin and characters ( so if you just want to learn pinyin you can , if you just want to practice characters you can ) . 
  a way of forcing you to practice words you are n't so good at . 
  i am about 70 % of the way through making it , and want to finish it this week or next to put online . 
  are there any particular features you feel are really important for a flashcard site for chinese ? 
  if not too far out of scope , i will consider adding it , as i am sure there are a few things i have n't thought of . 
  this is the first website i made from scratch myself ( outside of school ) and it 's the first one i 've attempted with such an extensive back end . 
  made using laravel . 
  it 's a flashcard website for learning chinese - i kind of just threw together all the features of other flashcard sites that i liked/thought helpful . 
  it was initially just for myself , but i decided to expand it to allow other people to use it . 
  it 's certainly still in development , but is at the point where it might be ok to show other people . 
  critiques/comments/suggestions are greatly requested . 
  thanks !, 
  hi , i apologise if i ask any questions that can be easily found , but i have looked at all the links on the sidebar , and used the search function . 
  my friends and i are wanting to try dnd . 
  none of us have ever played , nor know anyone who has - but it 's something we want to learn together to see how it is . 
  i 'm planning on dming for them this coming weekend . 
  i 've been reading through the 5e player manual , looking at guides , and watching people play on youtube , i still have some specific questions i 'm hoping to get some answers for . 
  1 ) resting takes time - what is the consequence of this , why not just rest all the time whenever you need to heal ? 
  or spam heals whenever out of combat until everyone is full .
