  will this work , is there any software out there you would recommend that wo n't sound terrible ? 
  2 ) i 'm trying to sell my pdp 805 set . 
  i bought it originally for about $ 2000 in 2009 . 
  it 's in good condition because i have n't been able to play it much . 
  i 've had the price down to around $ 700 , but absolutely no interest . 
  any advice here ? 
  what is that set roughly worth these days ? 
  should i go lower than $ 700 . 
  ( all prices converted to usd from my own currency ), 
  cheers for the help !, 
  just wondering how the ping/latency of battlefront is for players in aus/nz on 1mb/s connections . 
  i am a bit worried due to the lack of server lists . 
  i was really hoping to play before the new movie , but if it 's going to be too laggy , i would just wait a year til the price has come down a bit . 
  anyone have any experiences, 
  hey , has anyone here got the new battlefront . 
  i loved the old ones , and wanted to play a bit before the new movie ( get into the star wars spirit ) but am worried about the lack of a server lobby . 
  i 've seen other people say the ping in nz is terrible . 
  what are your experiences ? 
  i have read everything on the sidebar , so hope i 'm not doubling up info here . 
  i 'm coming to taipei later this year to stay for a few months . 
  i will be working from home , so have no need to stay near university/work . 
  just need a place to stay with internet . 
  near an mrt is desirable , but not super necessary , as i have plenty of time and super flexible with work . 
  does anyone have any recommendations on which neighbourhoods to look for apartments in . 
  i am in my 20s , and like food , and would enjoy being around people my age . 
  my budget is around 20k/month , but cheaper is better !, 
  mostly i will work early morning , an then spend the afternoon and evening exploring as much as i can each day . 
  with all that info , does anyone have any recommendations and what areas to look at ? 
  thanks !!, 
  * ** total budget and country of purchase : **, 
  max $ 1500 usd - will purchace in new zealand , but possibly in taiwan , if i can find it much cheaper there . 
  * ** do you prefer a 2 in 1 form factor , good battery life or best specifications to your requirements for the money ? 
  pick or include any that apply . 
  best specs , good battery life secondary , as will be usually plugged in . 
  * ** how important is weight to you ? 
  fairly important , i expect to do a decent amount of travelling with it , so lighter is better . 
  * ** which os do you require ? 
  windows , linux , mac . 
  windows, 
  * ** do you have a preferred screen size ? 
  if indifferent , put n/a . 
  as before , travelling , but also doing work on it , so ~ 15 '' maybe would be the best ? 
  * ** are you doing any cad/video editing/photo editing/gaming ? 
  list which programs/games you desire to run . 
  if you have no requirements , put n/a . 
  occasional photo editing , but mainly web development - so will have a ide open , and many browser tabs in several different browsers open at once . 
  the laptop at work i use has 8gb ram which i find insufficient . 
  may also occasionally play games . 
  * ** if you 're gaming ( leave blank if you put n/a above ... ) , do you have certain games you want to play ? 
  at what settings and fps do you want ? 
  current games i am probably wanting to play is overwatch and total war : warhammer ( both yet to be released ) . 
  i can potentially be persuaded to just not play games while i am travelling if my requirements are too tight - but would rather have the option . 
  * ** any specific requirements such as good keyboard , reliable business grade build quality , touch-screen , finger-print reader , optical drive or good input devices ( keyboard/touchpad ) ? 
  no specific requirements . 
  it will probably be moving around a decent amount , so decent build quality would be good . 
  * ** leave any finishing thoughts here that you may feel are necessary and beneficial to the discussion . 
  moving from nz to taiwan for 6 months - travelling to korea and japan also . 
  for a large portion of that time , the laptop will sit at the place i am working from . 
  thanks very much !, 
  i 'm just curious what a greenskin city looks like , i do n't think we have seen one . 
  as far as i know , we have only seen dwarf cities being occupied by greenskins . 
  am i wrong ? 
  i assume they must exist , because you can build walls as a defence ( and clearly in that case it should n't be a dwarven wall with greenskin decorations ) . 
  with the release of the we faction , and their awesome mounted archers , i started an old strategy of mine i used with the old horse archer factions of medieval 2 and rome 2 . 
  i would create a full horse archer army , and attack armies that i should lose against . 
  i would then run circles around them until i use all my ammunition , if they are weak enough , i might engage in melee , else i will retreat the whole army with minimal losses , and then fight the subsequent battle with refreshed ammo . 
  it 's kind of a cheesy tactic , but it 's not unrealistic , using hit and run tactics with a very mobile force . 
  however in warhammer , when you suffer a defeat ( even if you took no losses ) you have a chances to lose your items . 
  given that you are purposely suffering multiple `` defeats '' , you can lose your items pretty fast i imagine . 
  can anyone else confirm that this is happening to them too ? 
  my biggest gripe with warhammer is that a lot of the gameplay is dumbed down and arcadey , and special strats are no longer possible - this one included . 
  i have been working as a full stack web developer for about 2 years . 
  6 months ago i decided i wanted to travel , so told my company ( a small - medium startup ) i was planning on leaving . 
  they were ok with me working remotely so i moved to taiwan as a contractor . 
  compared to taiwan average income , my income is quite decent , and not terrible for someone of my short experience in my home country . 
  i am currently developing a cloud storage web app for one of the companies clients , largely by myself . 
  google drive/dropbox sort of thing , but using amazon s3 for the actual file storage . 
  this project is due to finish phase 1 early next year , but due to the scope , i expect it to continue . 
  i think my company would be happy to keep me on ( as long as i manage to meet the deadlines for this current project ) as before i left , i was the lead ( read : only ) developer for one of their core products . 
  the problem is that the tech being used is starting to age a little bit ( ??? ) . 
  no front end framework , sass/less or things like gulp or unit testing tools . 
  i have noticed a lot of the jobs in taiwan and elsewhere abroad are starting to demand these skills . 
  i feel i am slipping behind and worried i am limiting myself by sticking with this one company for my entire ( short ) web development career . 
  so i am thinking about leaving this company after this project ( or going part time ) to focus on developing my skills , learning chinese , travelling a bit more and getting experience with different companies ( hopefully ) . 
  however i am worried that i do n't realise how lucky i have it and if i leave i wo n't be able to find anywhere near as much work ( or work that pays as much ) and will quickly burn through my savings until i have to return home and work in an office again . 
  if anyone has any thoughts on my current situation , or advice on how to pick up more work and develop myself into a permanent digital nomad it would be greatly appreciated . 
  i have been working as a full stack web developer for about 2 years . 
  6 months ago i decided i wanted to travel , so told my company ( a small - medium startup ) i was planning on leaving . 
  they were ok with me working remotely so i moved to taiwan as a contractor . 
  compared to taiwan average income , my income is quite decent , and not terrible for someone of my short experience in my home country . 
  i am currently developing a cloud storage web app for one of the companies clients , largely by myself . 
  google drive/dropbox sort of thing , but using amazon s3 for the actual file storage . 
  this project is due to finish phase 1 early next year , but due to the scope , i expect it to continue . 
  i think my company would be happy to keep me on ( as long as i manage to meet the deadlines for this current project ) as before i left , i was the lead ( read : only ) developer for one of their core products . 
  the problem is that the tech being used is starting to age a little bit ( ??? ) . 
  no front end framework , sass/less or things like gulp or unit testing tools . 
  i have noticed a lot of the jobs in taiwan and elsewhere abroad are starting to demand these skills . 
  i feel i am slipping behind and worried i am limiting myself by sticking with this one company for my entire ( short ) web development career . 
  so i am thinking about leaving this company after this project ( or going part time ) to focus on developing my skills , learning chinese , travelling a bit more and getting experience with different companies ( hopefully ) . 
  however i am worried that i do n't realise how lucky i have it and if i leave i wo n't be able to find anywhere near as much work ( or work that pays as much ) and will quickly burn through my savings until i have to return home and work in an office again .
