i got the impression that huk was saying thoorin is a bad journalist , not because he is insulting huk , but because he was misquoting huk ( according to huk ) . 
  i caught fire so i put it out with my hand . 
  sam is my friend , he is an extremely on to it , well put together person , and i ca n't imagine what offence they suspect he is committing when they say :, 
  passengers considered `` high risk `` received attention at the airport . 
  she also said customs officials were required to have `` reasonable cause `` to believe an offence had been committed . 
  `` information or data may be used as evidence of an offence or may be a prohibited item such as objectionable images . '', 
  this is really good . 
  it would be great if there was an infographic with all the information for easy reference as i feel i 'll want to come back to this several times in game , but not want to find the appropriate point in the video . 
  watch the video . 
  you start out very hungry ( 5 % of your max ) . 
  so if you eats loads , become a bit of a fatty i think you should be able to last a lot longer between meals . 
  i do n't have any competent arguments against determinism for you , but i do think you should question why you want one in the first place . 
  determinism does not exclude that your opinions , tendencies , actions , feelings have impact on the course of events . 
  i do wonder what people mean when they said something is `` under my control '' . 
  do you mean it in a different way than when you say stuff like :, 
  the ceo controls the business , the weather controls the ambient temperature , the moon controls the tides etc. 
  none of these statements are inconsistent with determinism , and presumably they are true in the appropriate context . 
  do you mean something else when you say `` control/choice '' . 
  why ?!, 
  ? 1 why would you want to ? 
  on top of this , when you refer to yourself what do you mean . 
  presumably if you do n't believe in the supernatural ( and maybe even if you do ) , you believe that humans are just some natural ( albeit complex ) process that are subject to the laws of the universe like anything else . 
  so in what way are * you * special such that you can control things in some extra way that the moon does n't have when it controls the tides , or a ceo does n't have when they own over 50 % of a business etc. 
  note that if determinism is correct , and if your intuitions about what it takes to have responsibility are correct , then no one , or any one thing are responsible for any thing . 
  so i see at least three ways to go from this :, 
  1 ) determinism is correct , your intuitions about responsibility ( or at least how you use the word ) are correct and you are not responsible for anything ( but nor is anything else ) . 
  is this a problem ? 
  2 ) determinism is correct , but you can be responsible for things out of your control ( in some weird use of the word separate for how we use it when talking about other things - see initial comment ) . 
  3 ) determinism is n't correct . 
  note that strict determinism may be incorrect , what with some events being random etc. 
  but the intuitive problem would still remain as we may still be complete subject to the laws of the universe ( deterministic or otherwise ) . 
  i tend to edge away from taking the third option , and lean towards the first two . 
  i 'd rather go some sort of compatibilist position and argue that we use the word in some weird ways that end up confusing us . 
  edit : sorry , i need to think this out a bit more , my comments are poorly worded and confusing . 
  seeing a green cake is evidence that all swans are white . 
  auckland studio potters ? 
  what year is it ? 
  it 's one thing to call yourself `` sexy '' , but it 's another thing to pronounce it like `` awesome '' . 
  seriously , wtf . 
  although i agree with your latter point , i want to be nitpicky about your point about indexicals . 
  indexicals are a feature of language and not of propisitions . 
  we can express propositions with sentences that contain indexicals , and depending on the context in which they were uttered , different propositions may be expressed . 
  so when one person considers the proposition expressed by the sentence `` i have class at noon '' , they may believe it differently from when another person considers the proposition expressed by the sentence , but then again , they are considering different propositions , and so this does n't show that people would have different beliefs . 
  i have a right to my opinion . 
  not saying that i agree or disagree with either side , but i think you are missing his point . 
  he is saying this sort of argument `` i do n't mind if we take months to do a particular zone and the stream drops down to nothing before we can complete it '' is possibly very particular to you . 
  is the thousands of people who will be burned out of the community due to start9 protests and `` anarchy4lyf '' worth your personal satisfaction ? 
  the community and all the memes and fun could very well die out with no democracy to get past the eventually tedious and near impossible parts - op would say that that is n't worth it and so the occasional use of democracy is for the greater good . 
  that 's the smallest cob of corn i have ever seen ( excluding the miniature baby corn ), 
  i 'm in avondale . 
  i 've got a drumkit sitting downstairs that i have n't played much in years . 
  selling it this week , but would n't mind a bit of a jam . 
  not too flash , but can make some noise ? 
  what sort of stuff would you want to play . 
  have n't put it up for sale yet . 
  you possibly interested ? 
  its a pdp 805 that i bought in 2009 but have n't played much since then , so its actually still like new . 
  check yo pms, 
  so what you 're telling me is , i can go grab my old cds from the 90s , take a photo and get 2k karma ? 
  i 'm confused , how does eating vegetarian food cause animals deaths ? 
  similar to flying etc , please elaborate . 
  the length of the causal chain here is relevant - so i am not asking this purely out of ignorance . 
  secondly , it sounds to me you have n't really fleshed out in your mind why it is wrong to kill animals ( for pleasure or otherwise ) . 
  if you work on this a little bit , you may be able to understand why somethings are ok to do and others not . 
  at the moment , it seems you have a bunch of loose ideas running around and therefore not able to make decisions on what is right for a bunch of actions . 
  maybe head over to / r/askphilosophy , they might be able to help you finetune your ideas and ask you questions that will make your ethical beliefs a bit more rigorous . 
  they can probably also advise you on what the contemporary positions on animal ethics are . 
  keen , although how would payment work ? 
  although this is a pretty good resource , for a complete beginner , the large use of philosophical terminology may make it a bit hard to learn from . 
  i 'd personally recommend going to your local library , and getting out some basic philosophy books . 
  it will slowly introduce you to the terminology and you will start to develop a sense of philosophical methodology . 
  til 2/3rds of the population do n't sneeze when they look at the sun . 
  go to war with china, 
  it 's worse than you can imagine . 
  why do n't you look around at local businesses that have outdated or no websites and offer to make one for them for free . 
  it 's risk free for them so they 'd likely say yes . 
  they may decide to pay you some if they like it , you get to add to your portfolio , and you get valuable experience working with clients ... 
  i remember a rioter explaining that this is exactly why the dodger ( and not necessarily the troll ) gets a wait time and lp loss . 
  if these disincentives were n't there , people would dodge more easily when confronted with a troll and trolls would in fact have even more power . 
  whilst this may seem a silly issue . 
  i think there is enough here for an interesting discussion to take place for a couple of reasons :, 
  1 ) the consequences may be mild , but each side often feels that the opponents to their view are entirely unjustified i.e. 
  there is no reason at all to have the toilet paper in their preferred direction . 
  what reasons if any , actually are there . 
  2 ) should the presence of justification for preference of one toilet paper positioning be enough to persuade people to change their habits ? 
  i thought this was an ama request . 
  robert nozick gave an interesting response using counterfactual propositions . 
  he did away with the justification condition and replaced it with two others :, 
  if it was n't true , you would n't believe it . 
  if it is true , you would believe it . 
  these seem weird , but when delved into provide an interesting framework that fits a large number of cases . 
  my thoughts have always been : why do we assume that our use of complicated words like ` knowledge ' are going to be consistent between cultures , individuals , times and contexts . 
  maybe there is n't any jointly sufficient and necessary conditions that tell us exactly what knowledge is and is n't . 
  given the nature of language learning , and word development , i ca n't see any reason to think there would be . 
  given this , some philosophers afaik think there are better approaches . 
  rather than think of counter examples to definitions , start with some cases we agree are definitely knowledge , and go from there . 
  or do it from a pragmatic standpoint , what is the word * used * for . 
  can we just come up with a definition that is as useful as the word in its most useful contexts . 
  maybe we should just go with that definition , even if it runs contrary to our intuitions in some cases . 
  i do n't get the jtb relevance ... but the belief that the girls are underage , whilst maybe justified , is not true , since the girls are n't underage ...
