  this seems like a huge patch given the development time and pure number of changes , but seems pretty small in new content compared to say the end or the nether or even horses . 
  am i wrong ? 
  it 's plausible . 
  do we have any idea of how many sales there were ? 
  how much money did this guy make ? 
  because if it was n't in the millions , this guy sure hates money . 
  if he is really abandoning , there goes anyone ever buying any future games he makes . 
  i ca n't imagine it will help his job prospects either . 
  it 's just bizarre . 
  yes , wth does ` fixing to ' mean ? 
  i 've had this discussion with others and i certainly sympathise with not wearing shoes indoors , but here is my viewpoint growing up in a family where it is a non issue :, 
  a ) mud/dirt is very rarely brought in doors ( obviously if you have been walking through mud and know your shoes are dirty you would n't wear them inside ) , as long as you avoid the obvious cases i do n't think we ever had any problems with dirty shoes - so this seems like a non issue to me - even despite growing up in a rural bushy area . 
  b ) if i am coming home and staying there , obviously i would take my shoes off - probably walk through the house to where i keep my shoes and take them off then - for comfort 's sake . 
  but if i am going in an out or similar , i would n't bother to take them off . 
  c ) do some people where shoes indoors all the time ? 
  if that type of behavior happens and is what confuses you , then i am also confused . 
  i also wanted to see it work from the perspective of the pilot . 
  i 'm confused . 
  the torpedo is a small ship , but it 's coming from the large ship . 
  what are the merge blocks for , i thought you could n't merge a large ship with a small one ? 
  does anyone know if an official way of merging large and small ships is coming ? 
  [ yes please ] ( http://a.dilcdn.com/bl/wp-content/uploads/sites/6/2014/01/ci-74794384030185164.jpg ), 
  i think rails , hinges and being able to connect small ships to large ( without using the `` rotor trick '' ) would greatly expand he contructions that can be made . 
  after that i just think expanding on the current systems and adding world objectives ( exploration , more challenges etc ) will near the game to perfection . 
  not to be a critic of the service , and there 's no particular reason why i chose to make this comment on your particular site but :, 
  is anyone else sick of one page websites that do n't immediately have the most important information in your face when you load the page . 
  i read the entire front page including the `` what 's the adorable avatar service '' section in green , and i still did n't know what the site was for ( as someone who has n't encountered an avatar service before ) . 
  i then had to start scrolling to work out what the site was , in fact , it was n't until i googled avatar service and looked at competitors websites before i properly understood what was going on . 
  i just feel exhausted when i come across a one page website that does n't have easy to understand copy right at the top . 
  is this a large or small ship ? 
  it looks small but it has interior turrets on it ( which afaik ca n't go on a small ship ) . 
  it 's definitely small is n't it . 
  did n't realise you could put interior turrets on small ships . 
  i have n't played much lately ( since factions patch ) . 
  but with the timers and the merge blocks , could you theoretically have a fully automated ship contruction factory . 
  it grabs pre placed ( but not welded ) blocks that have a merge block attached to it , positions it correctly , enables a merge with the ship at two points , and then grinds off the merge block attached . 
  and then repeats . 
  if that makes sense . 
  is there a way to build turrets on large ships using small ship blocks without just having some landing gear gripping on as hard as it can - which usually breaks in mp ? 
  i 'd really love for them to add a large - small ship adapter . 
  some pics with a lower field of view would be awesome . 
  from this it looks like the front is huge and the rear is tiny . 
  or has it been done that way , looks like the front wings stick out further than the rear guns . 
  there 's a bunch of discussion and some sweet power point slides being streamed , and apparently we can go look at all this evidence ourselves , but can someone be a bro and link to these documents ? 
  i was playing a game as cass mid against syndra , the enemy jungler ww after six kept ganking . 
  i bought wards , and continuously had both sides warded , stuck near the tower , but it did n't matter . 
  ww would run at me , ult me under the tower , and then syndra would queue up the cc and ult me . 
  with their powers combined they would chunk me 100 - 0 under the tower in a couple of seconds , all while me being stunned . 
  what should i have done in this situation to avoid giving more kills ? 
  yeah this is what i was hoping for as well . 
  the ability to write ai , scripts , maybe even trojans etc in game ( and in the sandbox security ) without others having to download mods . 
  saw the interview at the start with john key . 
  does n't he explicitly say that over in the states the nsa may well be able to access information about new zealanders . 
  is n't that the issue right there , mass surveillance , right there . 
  if so , the basic claim that there is no mass surveillance of nzers is just false . 
  some dude in the states can put in my email possibly , and find out more info about me , through channels that i have n't agreed with . 
  now his defence is just , yeah , but we are n't the ones doing the surveillance . 
  but it 's not like we are opposed to these programs are we ? 
  he also says that our government can even access these overseas spy programs with a warrent . 
  wtf . 
  am i missing something here ? 
  afaik as john key knows , my data is on some server in the states , and if i did whatever action is enough for a warrant , my own government can straighforwardly access that info . 
  after all , their own staff are trained to use the overseas spy programs . 
  can someone just explain to me how there is still any defence ? 
  of course he ca n't tell the us to stop spying . 
  but it seems we are far from doing even that . 
  it does n't look like we are opposed to it openly nor privately . 
  there is some level of collaboration at least by key stating that they can access the information with a warrant . 
  that 's the very minimum . 
  at worst we have nsa bases in nz that the government knows about , that are contributing along with the gscb to the operation and development of these programs . 
  at minimum it 's pretty bad , at worst it 's really fucking bad . 
  in my current course our teacher approached php in a kind of 3 step process . 
  basic php , syntax , functions etc. 
  we then as a class built our own framework . 
  finally we learnt laravel . 
  the intermediate step of building our own framework along with the teacher was really tough . 
  but after building a site on it , i started to get the hang of it . 
  then when we switched to a good , professional framework like laravel , everything came together really nicely . 
  the form class in laravel was almost identical to the one in our own framework . 
  it allowed us to tackle laravel and just focus on the how , not the why . 
  i wonder if there is a difference between what they say they do and what they do do . 
  i ca n't even . 
  so there is some development ... so confused as to why no contact . 
  maybe he is setting a precedent of `` suck it up '' - which to be fair is something that needs to be said to a lot of early access users . 
  how does the top laner get jungle xp ? 
  do they kill the little monsters ? 
  i thought that was only true for lane minions . 
  i feel like whenever i 've helped the jungler get their first buff , and i 've been around close when they smited it i did n't receive any xp . 
  i have n't watched tv in years - due to better technologies and whatnot . 
  but i will probably watch a bit tonight . 
  can anyone recommend a channel , tv1 or tv3 ? 
  have either of them gone the way of the nzherald over the last few years ? 
  note that you can combine operators . 
  such as ( a & ~ x ) . 
  this would be true as x is false , so ~ x is true , a is true . 
  ( true & true ) is true . 
  you could add them together in a bunch of ways for increasingly complex ( but still following the exact same rule such as :, 
  ~ ( ~ ( ( a v x ) v ~ ( p v a ) ) & ( ~ x v ( ~ a & x ) ) ) -  ( ~ ~ ( a -  ~ x ) v p ), 
  what my flatmate and i have done recently , which has surprisingly been a lot of fun : shove the difficulty up to legendary - make sure you have your mods on to make things more difficult and use the alternative start mod and choose `` beaten and left to die '' start . 
  you essentially start with absolutely nothing , with difficulty that is far too hard to go dungeon trawling and have to make do to progress .
