  unless someone can correct widely , a 1v1 of a fully grown lion vs a persian that is only using moves like bite , growl etc is in the persian 's favour , but not drastically so . 
  saying that , persian is n't a ridiculously weak pokemon , so surely a single lion has the chance of 1v1ing some pokemon . 
  given this , and the shear number of lions , i think we can ignore many of the pokemon , and just ask , do certain groups of pokemon ( legendaries , fully evolved pokemon etc ) have a chance of beating 1 billions lions . 
  with a pp limit on their more powerful moves , and the presumption that they have to rest or eat at some point i suspect not . 
  the reason he brought it up was the op said 24 hours remain until the sale day . 
  / u/chirimorin was just explaining how op arrived at the number of 24 and not 31 . 
  for example it 's already thursday the 11th where i am . 
  maybe i 'll be downvoted , but people are saying a single one of them could stomp . 
  now i 'm not sure about what happens when you take into account force powers ( pulling all the spartans weapons away etc ) , but what is vader going to do when completely surrounded by 300 spears that are all charged/thrown at him . 
  i just do n't see how he is going to escape that unscathed . 
  i do n't want scenarios as a separate game mode , i want scenarios/something interesting as something you come across in survival , though maybe that 's the end game . 
  i will be so dissapointed if the final game is disjointed collection of incomplete game modes . 
  just give me one good gamemode . 
  i agree that it adds something really important . 
  imo the most important thing missing from the game - in game goals/objectives/problems that need solving . 
  i worry that it 's distinct from the open world survival mode . 
  we are gaining objectives and challenges for the cost of persistence , ( after all who wants to keep playing once the single objective is complete ) . 
  ideally we should come across things in the world that trigger objectives . 
  maybe that 's the idea , create a scenario editor , and then insert player made scenarios into the game ( just like they did with exploration ship finds ) . 
  what 's the fourth ? 
  why are they separating all their features ? 
  i do n't get it . 
  lets spend years working towards a persistent survival game in space . 
  players complain : `` there needs to be more to do/achieve '', 
  in response they make distinct game modes with objectives . 
  why ca n't the scenarios be inside the persistent survival mode that get triggered under certain circumstances . 
  playing space engineers is such a long term thing , it can take a weeks worth of work in survival to build one decent sized ship , no one is going to want to have to drop all that work and start again every time they want to do a different objective/scenario . 
  i mean yeah , i 've considered this option , and if they pull them all together into one game mode , that would be amazing . 
  but it 's not obvious that they are gon na do that , just a little scared that we will end up with a fragmented game . 
  just from reading other information from the subreddit and videos etc , you can see where your friends are , and when a player makes a discovery on a star system , that star will twinkle , so you can kinda see where players are , and as said , everyone will be moving towards the center . 
  these 3 things together , i think eventually there is an ok chance of meeting someone , and that event would be all the more significant . 
  sorry i have n't followed , what rules were being broken ? 
  ah i see , thank you . 
  pretty smart , i can see though how riot might not be happy with that . 
  in terms of entertainment value , it was ok . 
  but i thought it did a really good job of portraying the hopelessness when facing the swarm . 
  really fits in with the starcraft universe . 
  i 'm confused when this is . 
  it is a post on the oce server , but also says this summer , which is a while away ... 
  i 'm also here from google , any answers yet ? 
  you are correct , but man we must be rotating around the sun fast for a year to be as short as a minute , or at max 24 hours . 
  i wonder if they chose 24 so you could pretend that you were rotating on your own axis , in which case , the stars should rotate as well . 
  this is a good change . 
  adds challenge to engineer around . 
  because your dexterity boosts your armour class too . 
  though you would have to adjust for differing costs . 
  i do n't know how you would record user accounts , user wealth , and transaction records without a sql database or similar . 
  yeah this video did a really job job of reinforcing the thought that there is not much to do in this game that would n't get repetitive really fast . 
  patch notes 5.14 . 
  zilean - rewind : error with tooltip , now correctly shows mana cost of 60 . 
  this really should be the future of space engineers, 
  good luck all !, 
  bots typically do n't read css , they just blindly fill the form fields and submit the form . 
  so you hide the form field with css so users wo n't fill it out and then check server side if its value is empty or not before doing anything further with the form content . 
  only bots should and would give it a value . 
  how do people read this ? 
  is it going to be the case that missions happen during normal survival exploration ? 
  ( which would be good ) . 
  or is it going to be that there will be several separate missions that you do individually ( which would be terrible given how long it takes to do anything in space engineers , why would you want to restart your progress just to try another mission ) . 
  obama did n't use the word , he mentioned it . 
  battle maps mostly , in original shogun and medieval 2 the maps were really varied with interesting terrain , you could really use to to your advantage and interesting battles would result . 
  in rome 2 it seems like 90 % of the maps is a flat plane , with possibly a gentle slope and a few shrubs . 
  i ca n't remember how it worked in previous games , but i get frustrated by how the game automatically places you in unwanted locations . 
  i am sieging a town , eventually they sally out , and the map consists of :, 
  the town in the distance , surrounded by a flat plane , but the actual battle map is a steep hill at the edge of the plane , and i am positioned at the bottom of the hill . 
  it makes no sense that i would siege a town , force them to come and fight , and then position my army in the least strategic position possible . 
  same when retreating , i would like to be able to choose to retreat to a bridge , or a hill , or a nearby army . 
  instead it just randomly moves the army , usually to the least desirable place ever . 
  it does depend on what era you are interested in . 
  rome 2 used to be buggy , but it is pretty polished now , has good diversity ( with respect to units and civilisations = replay value ) , and good graphics . 
  medieval 2 has great diversity ( especially with expansions ) , still decent graphics , and a pretty fun time period . 
  shogun 2 is polished , really solid graphics , but very little diversity . 
  rome 1 's gameplay is solid , good diversity , but the graphics might be a bit dated now . 
  i played the shit out of shogun 1 and loved it , but the graphics will be really dated , and lack of diversity also . 
  have n't played any others as i am not that interested in modern time periods . 
  even something like skyrim 's system would be good . 
  obviously not as realistic or in depth as chivalry 's , but probably a good balance for simplicity and fun . 
  normal attacks , power attacks , blocking , knocking back while blocking . 
  this looks amazing . 
  i really hope they tidy up the ui . 
  that font , and those colours , and that stream of text are n't great to look at . 
  thanks heaps . 
  this is really useful information . 
  i will give it another go , and hopefully it goes better . 
  absolutely agree with your last point , most campaigns are too easy and thus boring now , so i 'm glad to find a challenge . 
  yeah , it 's a pretty terrible ui . 
  i 'm dissapointed they are still using the same font . 
  it 's far too papyrus for my liking . 
  i always found as france , in the late game , i could just build armies entirely composed of heavy cavalry . 
  just charge them across the map and nothing could withstand the force . 
  how do you have them if you have n't unlocked them ? 
  some building give units experience upon recruitment , so they might start with chevrons . 
  higher experience boosts that units stats . 
  if you hover over the unit to bring up the stats you can see on the bars how much increase it has . 
  oh derp , did n't see the tag . 
  downvoted myself . 
  is that the pota prologue ? 
  original thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/aww/comments/3h4snc/monkey_in_the_morning/, 
  i would not recommend using the easy start world . 
  space engineers does not have a huge amount of progression yet , and doing easy start loses a lot of what little progression there is ( along with the corresponding fun ) .
