  how are people fueling/powering their ships . 
  it 's such a hassle having to place the ship in the right position and then build a tube of small conveyers to a connecter positioned beside the station connector . 
  is there a better way to do it . 
  we need fuel/power tubes that we can drag from one connector to another . 
  ca n't fly a ship that has no fuel ... 
  what do you do when it 's a freshly built , hydrogen powered rocket ? 
  also , i have no plans to use explosion powered pistons to fuel my precious hydrogen rocket . 
  ah cool . 
  that 's pretty neat . 
  yeah i only really play on multiplayer , so a bit scared of rotors/pistons . 
  yeah i 've come to the realisation you really need to plan the build location first . 
  i was just wondering if there is a better way to do all that so you can be more flexible with where you build it . 
  i think the 4th function of when none of these 3 options are selected is the one op is probably confused about . 
  they do work quite oddly in this function . 
  i think you 're missing the `` fiction '' part of science-fiction . 
  ah , i read `` hard '' as just emphasis . 
  my bad . 
  if you accidentally separate your station into two , can you now build between them without merge blocks ? 
  i hope so , i have done it faaar too many times . 
  can it turn ? 
  how did you do the merge block ? 
  did you have to piston them together ? 
  to be fair , the minecraft inputs is n't the interesting bit , the live video/page rendering is . 
  or he made another smaller earth like planet . 
  how do you set up a lan server , i ca n't see the option . 
  does it need to be dedicated ? 
  ah this is cool , but they really need to expand the list of compatible phones . 
  i believe that last sentence is the exact sort of answer they were asking for ... 
  was this done in survival ?!? 
  huh , spent most of my life in west auckland , never felt unsafe at all . 
  i was so looking forward to playing this game , alas , too many kiwi birds . 
  is there a southern hemisphere mode ? 
  wtf ... you just spoiled the plot in the title ... 
  actually on the mobile app it just says nsfw and displays the full title . 
  i wish they would fix the font and bright colours . 
  it 's really off putting , ugly and scares me off a bit . 
  it was awful in warband as well ( along with most of the ui ) . 
  though at least then the graphics across the board ( compared to current games ) are sub par . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i love warband , and will love this game , but a small amount of time working on ui design will drastically improve the visual experience . 
  i love everything i see here . 
  i just think there are a couple of features still needed to have the game complete as a game . 
  1 ) merging small and large blocks ( it can be done with the rotor bug , just make an official connection block , this would also allow large ship projectors to project small ship blueprints - which at the moment is a pain in the ass in survival ) . 
  2 ) various mods ( mainly from the one dude ) implimented to vanilla i.e. 
  3 ) a final end game . 
  ever since the start of multiplayer , people have been talking about being able to jump between servers . 
  this would n't help the single player much , but would greatly flesh out the game in purpose and depth . 
  this for the most part . 
  it is technically possible to earn from hunting/mining/crafting - though it takes an absurd amount of in game knowledge , and a bit of luck . 
  other services like event management etc can do it to . 
  but generally any normal in game activites are more likely to cost you ped than earn you . 
  edit : also i feel the need to plug / r/entropiauniverse - these subs ( and the game ) are far too small to be splintered into two subs, 
  i guess all i mean is they need to make it so you can align it appropriately and pass power , rather than use the ugly landing gear . 
  does n't help if you have no uranium . 
  does n't help if you want it aligned appropriately with your base , so you do n't have to do your best to align the landing gear , provide power to this ship ( ca n't connect two connectors if one does n't have power afaik ) and then build a weird tube of conveyers to your base connector . 
  the whole contraption looks ridiculous and is a pain in the ass to make in survival . 
  also note that this process can take a little while , sometimes it may be immediate , but i would wait up to 24 hours before assuming it did n't work . 
  this is not quite correct , you still qualify for the money for that period even though you now have a job . 
  the start date is the first date of contact or the date of application if its within a set time from first date of contact ( i think maybe a month ) . 
  there will be a stand down period of a week , but you would still qualify for some money . 
  it might be hard if you are working full time , but it might be worth chasing it up . 
  i am curious , do you think there is any difference in `` freedom of the will '' - whatever that may be between someone who is behaving in an every day manner , and someone who is behaving the same , but done so because someone else has them mind controlled . 
  the mechanisims within the universe ( deterministic or otherwise ) are the sole controlling factors in both people behavior in the end , but do you feel there is a distinction to be made between these two people ? 
  if so , can that be called free will , and if so , what do we mean by that . 
  throw a camelback into the suit , and after a while , if you stay still , you will get covered in blood and they will start to ignore you . 
  wow, 
  i remember when cod4 came out , i played through the single player campaign and thoroughly enjoyed it . 
  i felt like i was in an action movie . 
  i think i played the cod5 ( waw ? ), 
  campaign , but have n't touched another one since . 
  i 'm not really interested in the multiplayer , but are there any campaigns for cod or other fps that are thoroughly recommended ? 
  i will do my duty and play some udyr . 
  will be down to 50 % in no time . 
  why did pyromancer kill windrunner - it was on 5 health . 
  genuine question . 
  edit : nvm i see , pyro brought it down to 4hp , which then attacked the 4/4 . 
  was hard to see in all the flames . 
  same here , moving overseas end of may . 
  was really hoping to get a month of play in . 
  i watched this last weekend . 
  it 's a great film , easy to watch . 
  a lot of movies with kids i find the child characters are the real antagonists of the film ( shit would n't be so fucked if it was n't for them ) , and i get frustrated . 
  i did n't feel that way at all watching this . 
  can definitely recommend david golightly , a broker for vero specialising in motorbikes and scooters . 
  cheap , full cover , and when i crashed my bike , they sorted everything , including paying more than what i insured it for and replacing all my gear . 
  the subscriber count has been growing slowly but steadily . 
  i agree with the other commenters . 
  i hope that the game will grow , which in turn would grow the subreddit . 
  i really would have liked for them to zoom in and watch the gunners shoot , and watch the zombies get hit . 
  they went on and on about how great it looked , but watched the battle from as far away as possible , even when they were just letting them stand there and had zero commands being input . 
  sounds like you want to be a front end developer . 
  i 'm a bit vague about what `` web designer '' means . 
  i think sometimes it is just another word for a web developer . 
  probably it usually means someone who designs the interface ( they may or may not also develop the interface , depending on the position ) . 
  a front end developer typically builds the interface , or visual side of the website and would normally avoid the back end logic . 
  new zealand here . 
  can we refund as per normal steam process if we get it from gmg ? 
  i 've been thinking this for a while , and i assumed this was where they were heading , but perhaps not . 
  i like the idea of it being ceaser iii/pharaoh/minecraft village like . 
  you construct a house ( houses have some prefined requirements like roof , walls , door , bed ) , and it will attract npcs to you who will live in the house on your land in exchange for working for you .
