  for schools , the typical school day goes from 9am to 3pm ( or thereabouts , with usually about an hour and half of breaks during the day ) , after which kids will typically go home for the day or go do after school sports . 
  the exams which count towards anything only happen in the last 3 years of schooling , and you can get university entrance often before the final year . 
  not sure what else to mention about schools as i do n't know the difference between nz - korea or nz - us schools . 
  edit : also for the main differences between the cultures , i 'd hesitate to say that nz is pretty similar to the us . 
  ( i felt pretty at home culturally in the us compared to when i was travelling in asia ) . 
  i got coloured braces from her . 
  she did a pretty good job for me , did n't have to pull any teeth , have no idea about her relative price ( probably expensive as shit ) . 
  did fizz 's e miss kat , because he did so little damage . 
  kensai from shogun . 
  it was a weird unit , but was pretty funny having a full stack of them ( 18 guys ) and having them defend a bridge and mess up hundreds of people . 
  if the basis for the meat abstinence is ethical , i think there is a worthy discussion for eating fish . 
  i 'll give the best case i can for eating fish , but not eating meat ( it might not be a good case ) and see how you feel . 
  ( please do not read the following as my opinion or anything to do with me , i am merely giving a case that a pescetarian might give in the best light i can ) . 
  killing of animals is a non issue , it is not obvious why the killing of animals is bad ( hell , there is n't even good agreement on why the killing of humans is bad ) . 
  the clearer issue is the _ suffering _ of animals . 
  when farming , animals often going under stressful times , or can suffer immensely . 
  the killing process can also cause suffering , but relative to the suffering of their entire life , is a small portion of suffering . 
  we want to minimise suffering , and do n't want to support industries that cause needless suffering , as such , we should avoid buying ( and probably eating ) meat from farms . 
  fish however , on the whole , are not farmed , they live normal fish lives up until the day they are caught and subsequently drown to death . 
  relative to pigs or chickens say , fish ( of the non farmed sort ) go through minimal human caused suffering . 
  given that there are disconnects between the catching of fish , the retailing of fish , the purchase of fish , and finally the consumption of fish - the relatively small amount of suffering may be inconsequential . 
  as such , eating fish , but not eating chicken , pork or beef may be ethically consistent . 
  i think something along those lines could be argued . 
  obviously some of the statements are false , but could possibly be tidied up a bit . 
  cool video . 
  if you keep doing these sorts of videos you really need to plan what you are going to say . 
  it was a little painful to listen to ( a combination of the mumbling , repeating irrelevant stuff/not being concise , and odd descriptions . 
  so do you have to build the programming block on the enemy ship and then run the script ? 
  i can confirm this , but do n't even need the deep fryer . 
  firm tofu . 
  cut up . 
  shallow fry amount of oil . 
  put in tofu, 
  stir and flip non stop , do n't let it stick . 
  take out tofu when golden on each side , put on paper towel to absorb oil . 
  poor out oil from pan , leaving a small amount . 
  throw in chopped garlic and onion . 
  fry for a few min . 
  pour in some soy sauce , and mix in , you want the garlic/onion mixture to go brown from the soy , but to cook off the excess liquid . 
  plop soy/garlic/onion mixture on top of the tofu . 
  ch\u012b !, 
  gunpowder artillery was introduced to the west in the 1300s , was used in combat in the 15th century . 
  so it is in the time period keen is aiming for . 
  maybe a super late game thing ... 
  this was my first thought also , fizz is the most iconically lol character . 
  also , do n't downvote people because you disagree , / u/arborcide gave a worthwhile contribution to the discussion . 
  just in time for 3 day weekend . 
  i made something similar to this recently . 
  i had the users answer questions to kind of gauge their philosophical disposition and match them up with users appropriate ( i made it contrasting opinions , but that could be easily changed ) . 
  after using it a bunch i started to find the questions pretentious , so dumbed it down and took out the philosophy . 
  but if people could come up with a good way to quickly and easily gauge philosophical opinions , i might work on it more . 
  well you ca n't choose both anyway . 
  ( i think this is the most niche joke i 've ever come up with ) . 
  thanks for the replies . 
  i forgot that pcs can make a medicine check to stabilize . 
  i 'll think about in the future whether the tension would be fun or anticlimactic . 
  for the dynamic lighting , does everyone need to pay or just the dm ? 
  personally i do n't mind the voice , what irritates me is his misuse of terminology and unable to eloquently express his thoughts or questions . 
  this luckily is something people can get better at , but it can be pretty frustrating to listen to when it 's about very technical games . 
  just a couple of examples , in the interview with the developers there were several instances where he was trying to ask a question , but worded it so weirdly that the non native english interviewee was struggling to respond appropriately . 
  in this video it would be nice if he used the appropriate engineering terms when talking about the structural integrity , rather than repeating the same couple of phrases over and over again regardless of the engineering phenomena . 
  ah my bad . 
  my memory of their voices failed me . 
  ignore everything i said then . 
  was she critting due to a fighter feat ? 
  ( just asking because i thought otherwise the chance of critting is independent from any of your stats ) . 
  hey , yeah it 's quite playable without spending excess amounts of money . 
  it can be a bit expensive , but depending on how you play it , it can also be very cheap . 
  yes us kiwis can play , deposit and withdraw . 
  give it a go and see if you like it , it 's a unique game . 
  the page seems to indicate that the music changes a bit when you use different abilites ( i am not referring to the 3 different tracks , but rather stuff like the drop when r is used ) . 
  this would be cool , but i ca n't see how it is possible , given the music has a clear build up before the drop in some cases . 
  i am confused , any clarification ? 
  thank you so much . 
  did n't even know i was subbed to this , even though it 's a year old i 'll keep my eye out . 
  orifice slots ? 
  what 's the point of a bloodmatch ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it does ... 
  what if you attached one rope to the farthest end , rotated it 1/4 and then attached another rope now on the farthest end , repeat for all 4 ropes ? 
  i 'm confused , what 's ridiculous ? 
  ( asking out of sincere curiosity ), 
  uhh , i 've never deposited , so i do n't really know , but it may depend on your payment method . 
  with credit card i think you can choose how much . 
  how is it powered ? 
  my partner is looking for a pair of headphones . 
  she listens to music , plays games , and may occasionally skype ( so a mic could be handy ) . 
  she appreciates build quality , and well thought out features . 
  however she is not too fussed about audio quality ( i.e. 
  she happily listens to music on her cellphone speakers ) . 
  my question is : is it even possible to get a set of headphones that are going to last through daily use , be comfortable , not usb , but also a bit cheaper due to lower sound quality ? 
  she also appreciates pink . 
  i 'm guessing this is not possible , as most people who want a decent set of headphones for the above reasons also care about audio quality , but thought i would ask . 
  ah that looks pretty perfect , but she tells me due to her 12 earrings , she ca n't have on ear . 
  thanks though . 
  she not too fussed about colour . 
  as long as it 's not heinously bright etc. 
  this is just something that can be calculated , it looks like the truck accelerates linearly at about 160mph/9s or ~ 8 m/s ^ 2 . 
  anyone got stats on supes and flashes top speeds roughly ? 
  edit : i think it takes the truck roughly 430,000 years to make the trip , as such i think all 3 rounds will be the same result . 
  assuming that superman does n't travel much faster than the speed of light , trucks demolishes 10/10,
