  building other buildings will allow local npcs to specialise and so you can construct a small town within a working feudal system . 
  that really is the game i have dreamed of since i was a kid . 
  is n't luke 's resistance unbreakable skin ? 
  would n't that mean if anything he is vulnerable to bludgeoning attacks - which daredevil is all about . 
  can someone explain to me why people want to play vanilla wow instead of contemporary wow ? 
  i would like to share some details about a little mmo called entropia universe . 
  disclosure : i 'm a mod for the subreddit , but just giving my honest thoughts about the game , good and bad , and why it 's relevant to op . 
  entropia has quite a bad reputation for a variety of reasons . 
  for those who do n't know , it has a `` real cash economy '' as the creators like to call it . 
  that is , in game currency is bought with real money and real money ( usd ) can be bought with in game currency . 
  this makes every item in the game , every action you take , have a real world value . 
  the game is also very sandbox . 
  only a small amount of the gameplay is scripted quests , for the most part , you can do what you want , go where ever you want . 
  the only limitations are your wallet , and your ability to interact with the community . 
  these two features make individuals within the game stand out . 
  i never felt like just another guy completing the same old quest as everyone else . 
  years ago they nerfed the experience gain for later levels . 
  so there are a bunch of players who were in the higher levels pre nerf . 
  the levels that they are at now are essentially unattainable to any players starting post nerf . 
  whilst this sounds like it would be frustrating - and probably sometimes it would be - it does a really good job of creating recognizable individuals . 
  they are to the newbies , gods within the game , real heroes . 
  there are people who have sunk loads of money into the game ( and since made even more ) , these are also celebrities within the game , owning a large portion of the land . 
  there are crafters who produce goods no one else can . 
  there are stylists/plastic surgeons who can style your character in ways you ca n't get anywhere else . 
  there are traders who never paid anything to the game , and have worked there way up to be in game big business owners . 
  there are newbies who are super organised , who will put on events for other people . 
  healers with super rare healing items , so are highly desirable in teams . 
  giant spaceship owners . 
  that newbie who got lucky and was able to afford a small spaceship , and can now fly his fellow newbies to other planets . 
  there are a lot of issues with the game , but everyone feels like a member of the community , who can contribute in their own unique way . 
  it 's a feeling which i have never got with any other mmos . 
  i wonder if there are more out there . 
  it 's a great show . 
  would recommend . 
  have fun !, 
  entertaining his monkey ... 
  definitely not . 
  i get pretty bad culture shock , but china seemed pretty mild to me . 
  does anyone wish there was a difficulty option where legendary restrictions are imposed on battles etc , but the ai only gets very hard levels of gold and stat boosts ? 
  i like the strategy and forward thinking that the legendary restrictions impose ( mainly no quick save ) , but i dislike how time consuming and tedious it is to work around the insane cheats that legendary ai gets . 
  i liked the difference that it does have . 
  it forces you to think a couple turns ahead to see if you would be in a battle . 
  what faction are you playing as ? 
  for the most part you just want to try the hammer and anvil tactic . 
  have a strong base of infantry in a line ( pikes , swordsman , spears ) with some ranged units behind . 
  when the melee units are all fighting , bring your cavalry around the back of the enemy , and charge in and out , smashing them from the rear ( you can also use your cavalry to take out their ranged units ) . 
  if you can do so safely , also bring your ranged units around to the flanks ( they will do much more damage , and less friendly fire ) . 
  typically , the general strategy is to just try and flank them , while holding your line . 
  ice block + dancing swords - worked great against a few decks , but ultimately you would n't draw ice blocks fast enough before they fatigued , was usually pretty close though . 
  i really liked small town battles in rome2 because they were the occasional battle that had interesting terrain , chokepoints and cliffs . 
  for the most part i found field maps were a mostly flat plain with the occasional shrubbery . 
  so i guess it depends how interesting the field terrain is . 
  that looks to be a dwarven constructed city with green skin ornaments taped on . 
  at about 27 minutes they said in chat that the embargo lifts on the 19th . 
  i guess this is the crux of my question . 
  if you build a wall around a small settlement , surely that wall is not a dwarven wall , so what does it look like ? 
  looking between orcs and empire . 
  my play style always revolves around strong cavalry and ranged units . 
  i usually just use my melee to hold a solid line and try to get some sweet flanks on . 
  because of this , dwarves are out the window . 
  vampire counts have nice cavalry , but lack ranged ( also i do n't like playing evil ) . 
  chaos for a similar reason . 
  this leaves me with empire and orcs . 
  i usually like playing barbarian tribes , so orcs feel nice , but some of the empire units look so awesome ( demigryph knights , artillery ) . 
  i ca n't decide . 
  i really just wish brettonnia was out , or some elvish factions . 
  this video from the developers may give a basic overview :, 
  edit : to just give a basic written overview . 
  the world map campaign view is turned based . 
  you do n't build cities , but you can develop ( or damage ) the cities already on the map . 
  the buildings you create allow you to increase your income , build new units , develop new technologies etc. 
  from a city you can also recruit a lord , who can then recruit army units . 
  the types of these army units depends on what buildings the nearby cities have . 
  the lord and his army can move around the map ( turn by turn ) and engage with other armies and cities . 
  when do armies fight , you can go into the close up real time view . 
  in this mode you position your units and engage in maneuvers , micro , and head to head conflict . 
  the outcome of this battle affects the health of the armies on the campaign map ( or completely destroys them ) . 
  i 've only had a chance to play a couple of hours , so i will probably figure out most of my qualms but i have a few more obscure points coming from a long time tw player . 
  i like the province system every since rome ii - because it meant you could specialise your provinces and it added a whole minigame of thinking about the buildings you built on a more holistic level - instead of an individual settlement level . 
  this was due to buildings having pros and cons , balancing the cons , and bonuses could stack multiplicatively . 
  however ( from my limited time ) it looks like the buildings ( at least for greenskins ) do n't require that much thought - a little on a province level , but not really much on a empire level . 
  for economy , i can build a cave of shinies , or a pile of shiny things ( the former seems to completely outclass the later - only negative is initial cost ) . 
  i would love to see the campaign mechanics expanded a tiny bit more - they seem shallow , and in turn , i feel powerless . 
  are ranged units comparable to their prior game counterparts . 
  i know goblin archers are the worst of the worst , but they seemed to do negligible damage . 
  i did like that they are fast and expendable , so they make perfect flanking archer units . 
  i also noticed units do n't get bogged down as bad if one man happens to touch the edge of an enemy . 
  i was able to pull my flanking archers around to a flank even though a couple of them were well into melee with the enemy - much less frustrating !, 
  the game looks amazing - though a few more animations for various units - especially 1v1 combat between heroes/monsters would be great . 
  the cavalry charges are insane - i had seen videos of the end game cavalry causing huge formation disruptions , and causing units to go flying . 
  but when i discovered my spider goblin riders were doing the same , i very quickly abused it ( especially with the ease to pull units out of combat ) . 
  charge cycles are so damaging to the enemy . 
  it 's fun , but i have to admit it looks a little bit silly seeing a spider launch a hulking orc way into the air . 
  i expect these to be nerfed , as i easily won unwinnable battles just with one unit of spider riders . 
  why would you want to abandon it ? 
  just ignore it , stop spending money on it , and pull any armies out of it . 
  eventually it 's likely to revolt and get conquered . 
  if you enjoyed rome . 
  i can definitely recommend medieval 2 , and rome 2 . 
  warhammer is pretty good so far , really solid game .
