  what is the deal with youtube gaming videos and in the first five seconds ( if it is n't a dubstep intro ) screaming `` hey whats up guys , this is thedudeyouarelisteningto '', 
  could you make an automated construction ship that works similar to how cranes are erected ? 
  it straddles the base segment , drives up slightly , places ( in this case , welds the blueprint ) the next segment , then drives up that segment and places the next , repeat for how ever many iterations you need . 
  / r/webdev ? 
  just a tip : generally always place your script tags at the end of body . 
  the reason it 's not working is because the browser reads the html from top to bottom . 
  it is reaching the script , running the javascript and then getting to the body html and rendering the elements in the dom . 
  so the javascript is trying to find #menu before it is even created . 
  adding the document ready event and putting all your scripts at the end of the html helps avoid these issues . 
  before you start this adventure , i would recommend watching this short 5 min video :, 
  you are going to learn much faster if you are trying to make something , not just arbitrarily learning how to use a tool . 
  so do n't go jumping into codecademy , planning on finishing some courses , and then knowing how to make a website . 
  figure out a website you want to make , and if codecademy can teach you how to get the basic structure , or to add some interaction to your site , then go for it , it 's a great resource . 
  things like mdn , or stackoverflow will help too . 
  these are really cool . 
  personally i feel that there a few too many of the same thing . 
  it loses it 's unity when there are seven different variations of a fighter - which in reality , all probably do pretty much the exact same thing ( does the bomber/fighter have bombs ? 
  if i had these in my world i would feel confused encountering the same , but not quite , thing , wondering what the point is . 
  also a web dev . 
  why is this getting downvoted , sure its not super constructive , however i know many people who are excited about space engineers development , but have no intention playing until major gameplay changes like planets come out . 
  he is just expressing that sentiment , not worth the downvoted imo . 
  even his lower down comments that are nothing but praise for keen are getting downvoted just because it 's the same person . 
  mother of god . 
  i think a lot of us feel the same . 
  no one though is claiming that keen should disregard bugs and release planets now . 
  we are happy that they are getting the game to play smoothly , its of course just/more important , but its not enough to get us to play quite yet . 
  i do n't think you need to know too much to be able to start making your own sites . 
  try making a new website every day ( that you can ) trying to implement different designs or features . 
  if you do n't know how to do a specific things , start researching how to do just that , rather than going through a course . 
  this makes me wonder . 
  it 's supposedly meant to be a little tough getting off from a planet . 
  what 's to stop people just having a reactor and gravity generator to set all gravitational forces to 0 ? 
  seems a bit cheap . 
  my dad 's the same , except still only plays aoe . 
  trying to get him into kerbal , but it 's a tough sell . 
  it does if you have artificial mass on it does n't it ? 
  `` i 've got it all '' ... sure you do buddy . 
  what happens when the players have a green uniform ? 
  how do you set the initial location for the drones to move towards ? 
  how do you know what the coordinate is ? 
  it seems weird that we can see where they all are . 
  beam ? 
  sorry i have n't played in a little while, 
  and even then it was still pretty fun and in a playable state . 
  i also have this question . 
  i work as a php developer , but have zero experience in c # . 
  advice for learning ? 
  i personally would recommend starting a new character for each guild . 
  i played through everyone as one character ( who is over level 100 now ) and maxxed out all my gear , becoming a god essentially , even on legendary . 
  now i want to go back and try different early game builds , being thief like for example . 
  but i have already smashed the thieves guild as an battle archmage rogue vampire god , and now it 's not novel or enthralling . 
  fuck no man 's sky , fuck starforge , fuck minecraft - praise keen . 
  keen : `` oh shit , look how excited they are about that blue ground texture we did ... spose we have to add water now '', 
  ... later ... 
  `` planets have been postponed several months '', 
  i do n't get this . 
  the code can clearly handle small and large blocks being joined and being able to communicate between them . 
  why does n't keen impliment an actual solution other than weird-ass rotor glitches ? 
  i 'm sure it was n't your decision joey , so i feel bad for the hate you will be getting and even the choice of wording in this post might not be yours , but really :, 
  `` if you pre-order now you can receive the chaos warrior race pack for free as a thank you '' . 
  come on ca !, 
  do n't bullshit us with saying you are giving it as a `` thank you '' . 
  it 's not a bloody sign of appreciation , it 's an incentive . 
  an incentive for more people to buy the game before it 's even been established whether it 's shit or not . 
  to get money in your wallets sooner . 
  it 's a core-content incentive that you can later sell to the people who were n't so `` generous '' to you , those people do n't deserve your thanks . 
  at least be honest with what this is . 
  are those oceans on that planet ? 
  ah yeah sorry for the confusion . 
  i was n't going to record the drums during the video . 
  the issue is that i do n't have a set of drum mics , so was considering just using the computer for the drums in the actual song . 
  i am wondering if that 's gon na sound crap , or if not , what software is recommended ? 
  ah man , i 'm really shit at explaining myself , haha . 
  i mean using computer generated drums ( not recording the drums using a computer mic ) . 
  yeah i read this and went to make the exact same comment . 
  i know it 's a game , but it would be nice if they could improve the engineering side of it by at least getting some basic science right . 
  these are cool . 
  i will go have a look . 
  anyone else annoyed that the snow speeder is angled the wrong way though ? 
  if they are heading up to the bay of islands , they could probably get a more interesting/historical insight into maori culture up there . 
  yeah if you do n't do auckland museum ( which is pretty good ) , you can make a day out of auckland zoo and motat , both next to each other and a short bus trip west of the cbd . 
  although if you like walks and outdoors , i wouild recommend heading all the way out west and going for a walk in the waitakere ranges , maybe ending up at a west coast beach . 
  yeah goat island is good , can definitely stop by while heading north . 
  great snorkling there . 
  yeah wtf , who cares what they said would be in the game at launch , it 's irrelevant to the issue here . 
  you ca n't just develop an entire game , but only announce 1/2 the features , and then on day 1 charge charge for the other half of the game that you did make , but did n't announce . 
  what you announced is entirely irrelevant . 
  i 'm really excited for this , but i am worried about the absence of a server lobby . 
  games without server selection typically fuck over people down here in oceania . 
  did anyone in aus/nz play the beta ? 
  how was it ? 
  if you like this you should watch some running man, 
  so basically just blow hot air on the windscreen for all circumstances ? 
  yeah i understand your point . 
  ca/sega/gw have valued their product at x amount ( the same amount for which you could buy gtav - a very detailed and deep game ) . 
  they have then said further ( core ) content is another 10 % . 
  i think most of us are responding with `` your valuation is incorrect , i ai n't spending that, 
  '' , especially when they have already completed that content and trying to use it to suck more purchaces out of people before we can even see the quality of the game . 
  so sure , they can value their product like that , but personally i 'm just not going to buy the game knowing that i am going to have to spend waaay more to get the full experience . 
  i would already be paying the price of a full detailed aaa game for a game with gutted content .
