  what 's the difference between the two brands of cookies ( other than one is not yet baked ) that the op needs to specify cookie flavoured cookies twice all the time . 
  are n't they just two brands of similar things ? 
  wait , was that meant to be a kiwi accent ? 
  i thought it was an australian guy trying to do an american accent ... 
  but how fast it goes depends on how far away you launch it , so launching at a distance probably would n't work . 
  maybe you could power it with a battery which would run out of power a few seconds in , so it no longer accelerates . 
  edit : that would n't work then because the thruster needs to be on to burn . 
  maybe short range only . 
  what 's the stuff in the can she is `` smashing out '' ? 
  is that like premade dough or something ? 
  peter singer 's animal liberation had quite an impact on me . 
  i read it when i was fairly philosophically immature - which may have been a good thing because i am not sure i would have the motivation to change my diet and lifestyle if i had read it currently . 
  at the very least it made me realise that there are cases where you do n't want to behave or change in someway , the majority of society does n't ask it of you , but if an argument is compelling enough it should be given due consideration . 
  i 'm guessing its at the tiger park in harbin , china . 
  i we n't there last year , would not recommend . 
  unrelated , but can yasuo zhonyas whilst he is ulting to extend the knockup ? 
  i believe it 's budgeted though , so i guess this policy is extending the budget in certain circumstances for this type of policy . 
  source : worked at msd, 
  maybe there should be laser turrets which are fast targeting , but low damage ( enough damage to destroy missiles ) . 
  these turrets would n't need ammo ( just use extra station power ) . 
  lasers are currently being tested/used for similar purposes , so it 's not in the realm of sci fi . 
  calypso rescue team is still around afaik . 
  check the forum ( link in side bar ) , or let us know the outpost , and someone here can probably help . 
  it 's completely possible , your eye just wo n't really be able to distinguish it from 60ish fps . 
  i used `` ish '' because i had no idea what the actual number is , i just figured it was some point below 300 though . 
  hey , finally shrunk the flairs a bit . 
  been busy , but turned out it was faster to do than i thought , haha . 
  how did you connect the large ship component to the small ship ? 
  wth , what kind of magical land do you live in where you can buy a cymbal for $ 13 ?!? 
  at least $ 70 here for the cheapest . 
  why build the grav gens at the end of the tube and not in the middle so you dont have a line of gravity extended out of the tube ? 
  i 'm sure ukranian sign language is the same as american sign language . 
  i call fake ... as usual . 
  i wish i understood more chinese . 
  i would say calypso is still the best planet to start on . 
  you can always travel to other planets relatively cheaply , but calypso has the best support for new players and pretty good starting quests . 
  if you do n't mind putting in some money , the starter packs are definitely worth while . 
  more detailed answer i gave to someone in another thread :, 
  i 've had a bunch of problems with the downloader in the past also . 
  i ca n't remember how i resolved it . 
  make sure firewall etc allowing it . 
  you should also be able to select which parts of the universe you want to download , try only selecting the planet you are spawning on maybe . 
  sorry i ca n't be more help . 
  is n't las vegas in the south ? 
  look like it on the map . 
  what crazy ideas are hitting the pbe ? 
  can someone give a link ? 
  overly serious reply : why would the intersection of these two metrics matter ? 
  does it even mean anything since they are measured in entirely different units . 
  i love your shitty graphs shitty-graphs . 
  / r/entropiauniverse is a slightly larger and more established sub - only slightly . 
  i 'm sure there must a be a bunch more entropian redditors , maybe just never bothered to look for a sub . 
  can someone post a link to the aforementioned screenshot of the ultimate hex core ? 
  or is that the attached image ? 
  how big was it ? 
  might be wrong . 
  edit : pinyin because it 's helpful : w\u01d2 xi\u01ceng n\u01d0, 
  this situation can also be used as a gettier counter example wrt your mother 's belief that your father is working . 
  i find for people like me in lower elos , our reaction time to cc is about as long as the cc itself sometimes , so the active is n't as helpful . 
  for sona the extra ap would probably result in more heal per second than the crucible heal . 
  my thought was that mikael 's heals for about 1.4 hp/s while the bonus ap and the bonus cdr from athenes gives sona w an extra 2.7 hp/s . 
  if you are n't playing well , and you ca n't use mikael 's for its cc removal , then athenes ends up healing for more if you get 10 heals on someone . 
  obviously mikael 's is better for clutch heals also , but once again , i 'm wondering for low elo players - of which the majority of players are ( i think ? 
  what does `` a change between frames '' mean ? 
  why is this guy downvoted ? 
  he 's contributing to the discussion . 
  his opinion is n't completely rare either . 
  i have a formal background in philosophy and critical thinking , so i am comfortable tackling complicated issues within dialogue and defending my views with reasoning . 
  as such i use an escalating explanation . 
  my first response is always `` for ethical reasons mainly '' - which is true and non defensive . 
  some people are satisfied with that and it stops there . 
  others are curious and i am happy to go into more details about my views . 
  open to the killing and consumption of animals , however opposed to factory farming or any lifestock upbringing which results in needless suffering etc. 
  after that i find most people are pretty happy with my response , or i have expressed myself eloquently enough that they do n't go into debate mode . 
  i 've only recently started playing hearthstone , could someone clue me in as to how this is working please ? 
  ez almost can . 
  why do you even need the station bit ? 
  why not just fly the shaft and drills into the asteroid slowly like other drills ships but on a larger scale . 
  i had pretty bad ladder anxiety in sc2 , it is much less in lol . 
  i just remind myself that no matter what level i am , i am pretty much always going to have around a 50 % win rate . 
  i keep this in mind , because it reminds me that having a good win rate is irrelevant , all that matters is improving upon each game you play , win or lose . 
  but her dad is n't as smart as superman , just up to iron man standards . 
  agreed , came here looking for this comment . 
  the point might be inconsequential to the moral of the video , but still worth pointing out perhaps . 
  i prefer cram.com over this . 
  i often build roa on diana due to her lack of escape . 
  when i am not trying to assassinate i often find myself in the middle of the the fight and the extra hp really helps . 
  i also find it cures any mana problems i might have . 
  i 'm pretty low elo so perhaps better mana planning is a better solution . 
  what do you think ? 
  is this silly ? 
  there are fixed big ship gatling guns ? 
  you mean the turrets ? 
  or am i out of the loop . 
  i am also intrigued . 
  the most amusing one is the home improvement theme music - grunts and all . 
  can someone enlighten me a bit . 
  i have played a bit of 1.8 , and i know it 's been in development for nearly a year , but for the vanilla single player/lan kind of person , there does n't seem to be much new content . 
  there is the underwater stuff , rabbits and a few more essentially decorative blocks . 
  aside from the balance changes , is there any new content for someone like me .
