  yeah each unit has a withdraw button ( where you can set fire at will , guard mode etc ) . 
  i used to use it quite a bit with ranged cavalry heavy armies . 
  attack , harass as much as you can ( until out of ammo ) then retreat , rinse , repeat . 
  can also be used when your ally and you are attacking the same target . 
  often your ally will attack a town you want to take , join the battle with them , and if you have artillery , use it to attack your ally . 
  your ally will take too many casualties , struggle to defeat the enemy , and then you can withdraw . 
  then next turn , go in and take the heavily damaged enemy yourself . 
  a bit cheesy , but helpful . 
  this used to be much worse . 
  i feel like this has been improved in warhammer . 
  do n't put your lord on a flying mount ? 
  yes , i also have this question, 
  it was in the article ... 
  i think it depends on the person a bit . 
  yoobee ( auckland ) did well by me . 
  i 'm currently in a bar in taipei , travelling around asia , while earning a decent nz salary for a company back home . 
  i got an interview for this company through yoobee at the end of 2014 after doing their diploma . 
  so i ca n't complain . 
  the tutor was pretty on to it and the course content was relevant to the current industry trends ( at the time ) . 
  however web development is something you can learn on your own . 
  if you feel like you are the kind of person who needs to do a course to have the motivation , then that is fine . 
  however your success will still almost entirely depend on your personal motivation . 
  you will need to push yourself for the projects they give you , and constantly still be learning outside of the school work . 
  saying that , it 's pretty fun and rewarding , so motivation is not always that hard to come by . 
  i think if you can show you are somewhat competent ( i.e. 
  have done some similar stuff before/show you are self motivated ) then they let you jump straight into it . 
  they were definitely not quite on beat and so i found this to be the worst thing about this video . 
  i had 4v4 stack battle there , holding back the final chaos horde as orcs . 
  it was the highlight of the campaign . 
  yeah , i had the same issue - kind of off putting . 
  i decided to put no stats into his combat skills , and just turn him into a campaign/buff lord ( including equiping aoe buff items ) - made more sense visually to have him standing in the back providing moral support than lazily swinging his axe around . 
  why are all the bows strung backwards ? 
  i do n't get how it 's a riddle . 
  it 's a quarter of an hour til 1 o'clock ... 
  space engineers developers did it . 
  i 'm not sure whether the chance of winning is worth the effort to comment ... 
  well it does n't matter that much since even then you could still accept to attack , and then do as op and guard a hill . 
  also what is vigour ? 
  is it more important in wtw than previous total wars ? 
  i just moved from auckland to taipei . 
  i only ever used my phone for internet and used 2degrees 12gb over 6 months plan . 
  but in taipei i pay about 20bucks a month for unlimited data . 
  its going to be painful when i come back . 
  yeah mobile data . 
  in fact the wifi signal at my house is pretty weak , so most of the time i 'm using mobile data for all my internet use . 
  i 've racked up tens of gbs in a couple of weeks . 
  but in nz i found the 2degrees 12 gb/6 months + $ 8 text and call monthly pack was the best combination i could find to maximise data for price . 
  yeah i get this , and i think it 's mostly a good thing . 
  but there was immense satisfaction putting up a spear wall to hold a choke point and visually seeing the wall in action . 
  it really filled the `` last stand '' fantasy that i do n't get any more . 
  now it more feels like throwing blobs of men together and moving on because there is n't much visual reason to focus on there . 
  the same with all the other features listed , they really fulfilled the battle commander fantasy that i do n't get from total war warhammer . 
  rome 2 is great . 
  i 've enjoyed it more than any other total war game . 
  i do n't know what you 've heard , but if they are the old complaints about the state of it 's release , then it 's no longer relevant . 
  a lot of patches have come out - it 's in a really good state . 
  how do we know where the good parts are ? 
  what is `` ap '' damage ? 
  i think you need to be able to distinguish between `` justifying '' it by providing some argument , and `` justifying '' it by providing a good argument . 
  i of course was using it in the latter sense . 
  you picked the premise ... . maybe do n't worry about it . 
  even the title is easily inferred major spoilers ... 
  as a non benficiary you can have cash assets up to $ 2700 before the accommodation supplement is affected , and up to $ 8100 before you no longer qualify . 
  definitely worth applying . 
  what do zebra crossings mean in taiwan ? 
  i just have no idea . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  this is strange , because it seems there are zebra crossings that go through almost every major intersection . 
  surely the pedestrians have to give way until the light tells them to go ... 
  edit : should of clarified that i meant people writing it like that . 
  not sure if irony or idiocy ... 
  i have to agree . 
  i know a lot of people hated these battles but i thoroughly enjoyed them . 
  i liked seeing the small villages , it was nice and immersive . 
  i also liked the multiple chokepoints all over the place , and navigating through them to try and outflank the opponent . 
  it was pretty fun . 
  varied battles : different looking towns , multiple wall layers and small town battles . 
  i especially liked river battles because it provided a different land battle , but also one that interacted with how your army behaved on the campaign map - i thought that was cool . 
  formations/unit abilities : some of the unit abilities have just been built into the unit themselves , and thats fine . 
  but a lot of the abilities provided meaningful choices . 
  do i enable flaming arrows ( want to push down morale for a mass route , or deal damage ) . 
  do i enable phalanx formation for holding the defence , or do i need to move quickly/go on the offence . 
  loose formation to deal with projectiles , but now i have to be careful of melee charges . 
  i liked these decisions , and i especially liked the visual feedback from these decisions . 
  1 on 1 unit battles . 
  i know this is not going to come back because of the varied models , but of all the games in total war , this one in particular encourages 1 on 1 fights ( between generals , heroes , epic units ) . 
  a few good animations between these units would go a long way . 
  i bet he does n't unpick the opening to his `` decorative '' jacket pockets . 
  i have to agree . 
  i really did not enjoy it . 
  what about it did people like ? 
  yeah that 's how i saw it too after a few seconds - the illusion kind of disappeared then and it looked pretty normal . 
  dude , i did well at school and have a degree and what not - i ca n't read an analogue clock either . 
  i do n't think that is a great indication of intelligence . 
  online iq tests probably are n't either . 
  i caught a pidgey and a couple of doduo in yonghe , taipei . 
  though when i went out yesterday all the gyms/pokestops had disappeared . 
  might just be server issues at the moment . 
  a couple of days ago . 
  yeah i caught a few and saw a couple of gyms and collected some pokeballs from some pokestops .
