  it 's quite fun . 
  you have to play really differently . 
  you ca n't rely on finding good gear in dungeons , because it 's far too hard to get through a dungeon with no gear to begin with , so you have to make anything you want or aquire it through non combat quests . 
  i spose you could steal everything , but i do n't like playing as a thief . 
  it 's just a very different play style , which is refreshing . 
  the ohmwrecker passive seems so negligible . 
  i feel like a bit of a god . 
  almost every perk , best possible gear in game . 
  just the magic is a bit of a fizzle . 
  does n't take too long to get to that level though . 
  get master level illusion spell harmony . 
  equip gear to get you 0 cost illusion , or high magicka regen . 
  apply legendary to your illusion skill to reset it . 
  then stand in the most populated area you can find ( i was using whiterun market , probably better places ) and spam that harmony spell . 
  at the lower levels each cast of the spell will level you up several times . 
  up around 200 it takes 10 - 12 casts to level up . 
  the matrix : path of neo - stopped the final boss halfway through to have the game devs explain why the movie ending does n't suit the game ending , so they are going to make a super mega transformers agent smith to have neo fight :, 
  and not a single link was given . 
  how does the con work ? 
  these are the kind of criticisms that make it hard to tell who is informed and who is not - read the legislation , it is all publicly available in laymen language . 
  the making the sick go onto the jobseekers benefit is not bad in the way you make it sound . 
  so much of the legislation is much more harmless ( in fact beneficial ) to beneficiaries than it is commonly made to sound . 
  not saying good or bad either way , just that you come across ill informed to someone who knows the legislation in detail . 
  link ? 
  i 'm guessing it 's for the extra dot . 
  the flashcards are populated by the user . 
  i personally have a set of example sentences to practice as well . 
  i agree that flashcards are one small part of the chinese self learning curriculum . 
  i have n't really found a good way to practice words within a sentence other than through a personal tutor . 
  are there good resources out there for this ? 
  this is awesome . 
  i wish there was some other grabbing mechanism other than landing gear . 
  hi yeah , when i first made it it was intended just for myself on desktop . 
  responsivity is probably the next step for the site . 
  hmm i did n't realise it was such low contrast . 
  thanks , i 'll have a look at that . 
  use mention distinction baby !, 
  omg thank you . 
  i 've been searching for this video for months . 
  not sure if it belongs - too dub less hop . 
  and it may be fake , but entertaining none the less . 
  yeah you can use test@test.com -  password to see the inside, 
  at my university the 1st year logic course was quite large and the subsequent courses : intermediate logic and modal logic in the second year , and advanced logic in the final year still maintained a respectable population . 
  i enjoyed all the courses , once i hit advanced logic the approach changed quite a bit . 
  for the final exam we had to write a formal proof of the incompleteness theorem . 
  we suddenly jumped from purely writing symbolic proofs to a lot more discussion on the nature of logic and a bit of epistemology . 
  i struggled a bit , but made it through and it was a very rewarding experience . 
  i feel like what you are looking for is out there , but just may require diving deeper into academic philosophy to find . 
  i imagine there is a lengthier grace period than other disciplines before appropriate appreciation of contemporaries ' work can be established . 
  reminds me of : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_umw9zt47k, 
  one time i attacked a castle with a medium size force ( large enough to take comfortably ) , but as i attacked a large reinforcing enemy army appeared . 
  i rushed the castle and took down the gates with my ballistae . 
  i quickly over powered the force inside . 
  instead of camping the capture zone i decided to take the opportunity to try and destroy the large reinforcing army . 
  i threw my archers up on the walls and positioned my now ammoless ballistae into the gate , making it very hard for a force to move through . 
  crammed all my infantry in the small hole and absolutely crushed the enemy ( ladderless ) army as it tried to funnel through . 
  it was such a fun battle . 
  from your link, 
  `` in reality , the word macaroon is simply the english translation of the french word macaron , so both pronunciations are technically correct depending on personal preference and context . '', 
  the above is also pretty consistent with contemporary linguistics literature on semantics . 
  no i agree , it is weird . 
  i 'm a little sad about the remote control turrets . 
  i guess it 's really helpful , but i always thought engineering your own turrets was way cooler - i wish they had fixed the rotors/landing gear to be able to do that properly ( i.e. 
  in survival multiplayer with small block turrets on a large moving ship ), 
  the gameplay varies . 
  as an mmo , i guess you can never expect the same level of gameplay from single player games - but generally it 's pretty basic . 
  saying that , it 's also very broad , and continuously being expanded . 
  personally i do n't enjoy the game for it 's gameplay . 
  i enjoy using it as a challenge to make money . 
  as the above person said , you should never expect to go into the game making money . 
  the game is designed to cost more than what you put it . 
  saying that , there are many people who do make money from the game , and have never spent a cent on it . 
  i have probably made a few hundred over the last few years if i decided to withdraw all my assets now . 
  you just have to give it a go and see if it 's your thing . 
  i just hope that the features yet to be added is small - large ship merging . 
  currently it 's possible using a bug . 
  i 'd be sad if they fixed that bug , but did n't add an actual legitimate and sensible way of merging the two . 
  wheee taming . 
  this will be good for everyone i think . 
  more systems , the better the economy . 
  shrapnel is interesting . 
  not sure what to think about it . 
  it 's better than ammo i guess , but if it is replacing other stuff , is this detrimental to our loot value ? 
  what does ` fiat ' mean ? 
  the shopping cart allows me to fill in delivery to new zealand . 
  do they actually deliver to nz ? 
  thank you so much for all the answers !, 
  super helpful . 
  what i am getting from this is that it 's possible to bake chocolate bars . 
  you should be able to catch one of the 300 busses ( 3xx ) straight down manukau road from britomart . 
  get off at greenlane . 
  https://at.govt.nz/bus-train-ferry/journey-planner/# { `` from '' : `` britomart place auckland central '' , `` fromloc '' : '' -36.844876571,174.770652 '' , `` to '' : `` greenlane hospital greenlane '' , `` toloc '' : '' -36.895594,174.779407 '' , `` arriveby '' : `` true '' , `` date '' : `` 2014-10-26 '' , `` time '' : `` 11:20 '' , `` timemode '' : `` b '' , `` modes '' :[ `` bus '' , `` train '' , `` ferry '' ] , `` operators '' :[ ] , `` entrypointcurrentpage '' : true }, 
  this was what i was worried about . 
  they may have fixed a bug which was actually being use as a work around for an amazing feature . 
  they really need to add it as an actual feature . 
  this is fucking amazing . 
  i would n't let this put you off west auckland . 
  a high murder rate in a very low murder rate country is still low . 
  depending on where you go in west auckland you can get a fantastic combination of affordable housing , and relatively fast access to both the city and the beaches/bush further west . 
  `` take a risk '' , i 'm pretty sure there is another very cringey vid on this sub where a guy says the same thing .
