  their valuation can piss off . 
  whiterun is situated in the middle of some grassy plains . 
  why is it filled with trees ? 
  how do we know they are n't coming out ? 
  last i heard in the stream is that they are coming out `` sooner than you think '' , and everyone has been thinking they will come out for the last few weeks . 
  wait what ? 
  gyro orientation does something ?!?!, 
  ch\u00e1ng f\u011bn is really yum . 
  recommended !, 
  i 'm pretty bad at this game , but why was he so suprised that he got killed when he went afk in the middle of a lane ? 
  the article says more than that . 
  it says we wont get any more info about sea of thieves until 2016 . 
  in a rocket . 
  this is nice and insightful , but what i get from this is : sega would only expand our budget to create extra content if it was sold as a pre order bonus . 
  which most of us have been saying for a while , this probably is n't cas fault that much , but rather pressure by sega and the limitations of the budget . 
  saying that , i am glad to hear that they are opening the game to youtubers and bloggers before release , and giving enough time for us to review the product through those mediums and preorder . 
  this pretty much alleviates my worries . 
  saying that , if the reviews are shit , i 'm gon na be annoyed again . 
  can we get more content like this , snippets from the games that have been played . 
  i 've seen heaps of good stuff on youtube by now . 
  if not , is there a way to hide all the complainy threads ? 
  you are right about blizzard analysts . 
  but the pricing analysts key goal is profit . 
  other goals ( such as thriving esports scene , long lasting game , quick matchmaking ) , whilst key for us , are only secondary to them . 
  for the most part i am glad it is buy to play . 
  less hackers , less 7 year olds , more mature community . 
  i expected it to be a bit cheaper , but as long as the community is maintained i am more than happy to pay an up front cost . 
  and there is far less of an end game . 
  starcraft . 
  i love the idea of a futuristic bow weilding samurai fighting off gorillas and people with guns , but his kit seems weird . 
  the rng on scattershot seems frustrating , especially when at long range and short range he is outclassed . 
  he has to stick at mid range which is hard considering his mobility . 
  his mobility , which seemed cool at the start is starting to seem way outclassed , now we have lucio , d.va , genji and junkrat . 
  i am wondering if overwatch will face the same `` mobility creep '' issue that lol is having . 
  certain characters started off with a moderate and good enough mobility ability ( i.e. 
  singed ) , but is now surrounded by champs that have 20 dashes . 
  finally his ult seems weird . 
  for the most part , champs abilities are tied into some sort of technology . 
  but here hanzo pulls his bow and a fancy magic dragon errupts from the end - which never seems to hit considering he is usually a decent distance from the enemy , and on defense ( i.e. 
  the enemies are very mobile ) . 
  it 's just a weird abilty thematically and game dynamically . 
  i would like it better if his ult buffed him , giving him much faster draw speed and more movement ( can run faster and climb longer ) . 
  there is a lotv slide there , now at least . 
  edit : i would also assume it was there before ( or at least a starcraft slide ) as there is more than 4 ( also includes hearthstone and diablo ), 
  blizzards invite wave size probably takes into account that some people wo n't use those invites . 
  probably easier to just send out more invites to get required numbers than add a confirmation system . 
  your chances would n't be improved with a different system , if anything , the current system is preferable to your odds . 
  can someone explain what this image is showing . 
  i have n't played the game since end of wol so i ca n't really remember what they look like normally . 
  the picture is confusing to me . 
  i would assume the one with banelings under it is a carrylord , it also has a black carapace , so i thought maybe that 's the difference . 
  but the one on the right looks fatter , and everyone is talking about the size of the overlords . 
  from what i can tell , they are on the same team , so i assume they both have carrying ability . 
  edit : ah i see only the one on the left has capacity bar , so they must be on different teams , and therefore maybe the black carapace is team colour differences , but then other than that , i do n't know how they look different . 
  ah that makes much more sense . 
  thanks . 
  are there enough parts to grind down to rebuild refinery and assembler ? 
  yeah everything working good for me . 
  fairly average system but running pretty smoothly without issues . 
  similar question . 
  the cryopods suffocate me as well , i added a vent to the back and set it to depressurise but it suffocated me anyway . 
  is there something i 'm missing ? 
  for us lights is n't the problem , it 's power . 
  when our batteries go dry and its night there is n't much we can do . 
  people ca n't even join the game because the med bays do n't have power . 
  it would be really handy of cryopods sped up time if everyone was in one . 
  yeah aerodynamics really needs to be introduced into the game . 
  it 's so weird being able to build up a bit of speed , turn off your front thrusters , and just coast as long as you want in a big cube . 
  they are maintaining your altitude , not your forward velocity, 
  can anyone tell me what it 's like playing in aus/nz ? 
  with no server browser i am a bit worried about ping making it unplayable . 
  on the earth like planet , when you find a uranium deposit , how big is it ? 
  my friend and i have been strugglign to cope on solar and batteries . 
  we eventually spotted uranium popping up on our ore detector . 
  we have dug all around the area , and have n't found anything yet . 
  i am kinda hoping when we find it it is n't a huge amount , so the survival struggle can continue :d, 
  ah god , that 's what i was worried about . 
  might save 100 bucks . 
  i just want to stop falling through planets . 
  fixing how batteries work would be nice also . 
  oh and stop killing me when i stub my toe on a rock . 
  this does n't work , at least on my attempt the other day on the earth like planet . 
  edit : to be clear , i am just saying that the helmet is still required to be worn . 
  these are cool ideas . 
  would also add more purpose to the cryopod . 
  at the moment i am discouraged using the cryopod . 
  after all , if i am near my cryopod , i am near my cargo container , so i can just store my items and logout , returning with a free full tank of oxygen , hydrogen and new tools ( can disassemble the old ones for free resources ) . 
  and do n't feel obligated to sludge your way through all the tutorials before you start making stuff on your own . 
  as soon as you know some html & css you can start building your own things . 
  be creative !, 
  you ca n't start completely barebones . 
  but minecraft is a lot more low tech than space engineers , would n't really make sense for an engineer to start with nothing . 
  though i agree , more early game progression is definitely needed . 
  saying that , solar system start is damn hard still if you do n't land on a uranium deposit . 
  you will be glad you are starting with nothing . 
  yep , was super keen for this game . 
  even considered spending the huge price for a casual multiplayer only game . 
  but from my research , aus/nz players are a lot of the time stuck on uk or us servers . 
  casual play just became frustrating play . 
  maybe when it 's $ 20 or something .
