  or do you have a mod ? 
  i completely forgot there is ice skating here . 
  i could probably walk there ... 
  i 'll have a look at your reference , but do you know the motivation for this theory of past tense ? 
  are counterfactual 's structures the primary push for alternative theories on past tense semantics , or are there other instances of past tense usage where x may not equal time ? 
  if so , what ? 
  maybe i 'm an ignoramus , but i 've read through the link and i just do n't get what this is . 
  looking through the comments people are referring to fantasy basketball etc , which i have no idea about . 
  anyone mind giving a run down on what this fantasy sport thing even is ? 
  link to fantasy sport entry on wikipedia , because surely i am not the only one trying to work out what all this content on the front page is even about :, 
  africa is always nice . 
  lots of ports , and you can secure the whole continent pretty easily due to the chokes at the gibraltar straight and the red sea . 
  from there you can safely take spain and up into gaul without having to worry about any attacks coming from behind . 
  edit : i usually push me empire north into the alps as well as that province is pretty easy to secure given the chokes in the mountains . 
  just be friendly with all the barbarians whilst you take africa and then deal with them once your forces are done with spain . 
  at least thats how i would go if my enemies allow it . 
  stealing their milk ? 
  really , do animals even have any property ownership, 
  i 'm confused . 
  have you been in contact with the landlord at all ? 
  how do you know that you are fucked , how do you know that he `` go out of it '' . 
  more details needed . 
  write down as much information as you can . 
  conversations you have had with your flatmate , times of events , amounts owed etc , as much as you can . 
  contact these guys , they can usually give pretty good advice , maybe information on how to contact your landlord : http://www.dbh.govt.nz/contact-us-tenancy-services, 
  i would like a robot block with smaller thrusters ( jetpack sized ) . 
  you can give the robot one of the tools and program it and it can follow you around welding . 
  i thought this was how it worked ? 
  i noticed this too . 
  it 's really nice . 
  previously there was n't much point having more than 2 turrets or so , as they would all target the same meteor ( usually the one travelling perpendicular to the turrets so it ca n't be hit ) and they would n't bother stopping to aim at the one that 's about to hit my medbay . 
  next survival i might ramp up the meteors to cataclysmic so there is a challenge , but now a manageable challenge . 
  can you use the landing gear for this ( ugly but feasible ? ), 
  the really need to make power run through rotors so you can turn the cockpit around to face the other direction when needed . 
  yes , almost all prices you see anywhere will include gst . 
  the occasional time you do n't it will say + gst beside it . 
  can anyone post a clip of anything please ?!!? 
  is the question right ? 
  i feel like more english speaking countries adopt british vernacular over american . 
  i ( from new zealand ) understand most british phrases , but tend to struggle more often with american wording . 
  what about those english speakers from non english speaking countries , is american english more natural or not ? 
  genuine curiosity . 
  i went to first scene constume hire , put together a bunch of stuff to replicate the napoleon dynamite suit , and won best dressed ... so you could do that . 
  probably less expensive than actual suit hire . 
  edit : or something similar , wear a sweet military 1950s navy suit . 
  whoop , can play when i finish uni . 
  edit : not out yet . 
  :( 29th almost finished . 
  i 'm gon na play devils advocate here and try and push her point as charitably as i can . 
  there is probably a strong tendency for women to have longer hair than men ( and possibly ??? 
  more styled ) . 
  if the laws were created by men , and in the law creation they did n't consider the fact that bike helmets will mess up longer hair because they were all men , and were only considering men ( or what they are familiar with ) then it maaaay be considered sexist on some level . 
  saying that , not all men have short hair , not all women have long styled hair ( possibly not even a vast majority ) . 
  even if all men had short hair , and all women have long hair , and all the law makers were only considering those with short hair ( i.e. 
  men ) it 's such a small/irrelevent consideration in the creation of safety laws . 
  furthermore , it 's not even obvious that lawmakers have an obligation to make product equally accessible/desirable to all types of people ( whether it 's gender differences or hair length differences ) when creating laws that limit the interaction with them . 
  there is a performing arts school at uoa , and so you should be able to find a club you can join . 
  there are two theaters on campus which some of the groups perform in . 
  i do n't think you will have much trouble finding something . 
  it 's _ ok _ . 
  it lacks many of the features that are coming , it needs optimising a big heap as it seems to have loads of network lag . 
  but other than that , it 's currently fun to play , despite the early early alpha only coming out 1 day ago . 
  so maybe add it to your wishlist , and check back in a month . 
  i imagine they would have sorted some of the few major issues and probably also started to add some more content . 
  i agree that larger more interesting worlds are very important . 
  some people are going to respond with `` but it 's space _ engineers _ , it 's not about exploring , but about building , creating the world rather than finding it '' . 
  i would like to preempt this response with my opinion . 
  i love the engineering part of it , but i like it as a creative and exciting means of _ solving problems _ . 
  this is in the game at a basic level right now : `` my creations are being destroyed by asteroids , i need to engineer a turret defense system to help out '' , `` i ca n't mine magnesium fast enough to keep my turrets active , i need to engineer a ship/vehicle to help this '' etc. 
  but i feel it 's just not enough . 
  i need third party challenges in front of me , that i can then use the sandbox environment to overcome . 
  i then need to be rewarded personally with respect to game progress . 
  it 's just not enough to me for the main reward to be reddit karma posting pics of my neat but quickly useless creations on here . 
  as such , a greater world , with more content , and more challenges i feel enhances the sandbox feel . 
  at the moment it feels a little like a sandbox with not much sand . 
  the one at the inlet you do n't need a torch . 
  swim straight in , get the herb , then walk backwards into the water and out of the cave . 
  i keep hearing people talk about `` rotations '' , especially with respect to pro play . 
  what is it ? 
  am i the only one confused as to why they keep talking about see-saws . 
  where i come from see-saws are planks of wood on an axle that little kids play on at the playground . 
  i know it 's a jungle , but why are they adding jungle gym kids toys to the game ? 
  can someone clarify . 
  yeah i agree with most of these points . 
  i 've read the explanation of why herbs were chosen over lasso , and it sounds quite reasonable , but the magical herb that revives a dinosaur you have just hatcheted in the head and makes it like you does feel `` off '' . 
  i also wish it was possible , even if it is very hard , to take down larger dinosaurs with sufficient teamwork/tools/traps . 
  at the moment if a carno decides to walk through your camp we currently only have the flight or freeze options . 
  organised individuals or groups should be able to take the risk and go for the fight option . 
  just seems to add to the gameplay and decision making and rewards teamwork . 
  the big wight/gromp still looks a little out of place . 
  is there going to be any changes to give him a little home ? 
  maybe put a little pond there for him to sit in . 
  players can still walk through the pond ( like the river ) , but it would look like a more natural location for a froggy dude . 
  is the gamebreaking lag still around as much ? 
  this is amazing and would i feel turn this into a proper game ( along with factions ) . 
  what 's the difference between the main video and the one in the bottom right ? 
  i 've seen this a lot with jungle videos , but never seen an explanation of what 's going on . 
  thanks . 
  i thought this was in / r/philosophy, 
  i do n't have a huge amount of experience , but i know css , so i can give it a go if still needed .
