  we 're seeing it with trump and far right parties . 
  there are several disenfranchised people that might return to voting if their problems are finally addressed by someone . 
  we might see that with the british working classes, 
   anti thatcher well , she was opposed to the interest of most british people  pro hamas , anti israel . 
  is he really pro hamas ? 
  are you sure he 's not pro fatah instead ? 
  because there 's a large difference between hamas and fatah . 
  and for a left winger , choosing between fatah , a left wing organization who calls for the self determination of palestinese people , and the actual israeli government is a no brainer, 
   austerity do they ? 
  i think it 's a side effect that comes with voting tories after swallowing their propaganda . 
  take a look around : how many papers support tories ? 
  basically any of them . 
  guardian , daily mirror and independent are the only large left leaning outlets and not even they seem to support labour anymore, 
  in italy , it would be considered a big win as well . 
  maybe german politics work differently, 
  and he 's right for once . 
  credit agencies have gained an excessive amount of influence and have a bias towards the countries they are based in . 
  not really . 
  prodi , rutelli , veltroni were pretty much all former christian democrats . 
  it 's beyond me how they could be compared to corbyn , especially when it comes to civil rights . 
  and which unelectable candidates are you talking about ? 
  the left lost badly with the two most centrist candidates and then won with the ones who were the most left leaning : prodi and bersani . 
  what really hampered the left in that period was the lack of cohesion ( it was understandable given that it was a union of communists and left leaning christian democrats ) which made the prodi governments fall two separate times and even more so the grip which berlusconi had over any kind of medias . 
   the funny thing is that we came out of it with a move to the center , blair style , not to the left . 
  has it come out of it when renzi has yet to win any national elections ? 
  has it come out of it when it has been struggling in polls in the last few months ? 
   the problem was the snp which is also quite social-democratic . 
  you are right . 
  i wonder if an electoral alliance with snp could be in the cards . 
  labour promises a referendum for scoxit and snp promises support to labour in exchange . 
  they could try to work out a deal with the greens as well, 
  the political landscape has n't changed yet . 
  it has shifted to the right , actually . 
  that is n't due to corbyn itself though but due to the opposition of plp . 
  i feel like he got slowly burnt in his momentum though . 
  he has to make up ground now in these next four years and can use the inevitable crisis that will result from brexit and the incoming london housing bubble to gain votes, 
  it seems 30 % of people would agree . 
  despite not agreeing on his positions on eu , the shift to the left of labour is promising and can actually bring back some balance to the british political spectrum . 
  for the most part , jeremy does n't seem any more left wing than snp yet he 's looked almost as a trot which is something i really do n't understand . 
  yeah , he attracts sections of the hard left but that 's because they finally see a genuine left wing politician standing for his ideas and not because jeremy corbyn will enact the socialist revolution they want . 
  the area just north of napoli ( roughly up until caserta ) is one of the most depressed of the country, 
  agree with most of what you have said but whereally in southern italy have you gone ? 
  just for curiosity, 
  technically yeah but not in the name of christianity . 
  there were muslims in arab counties who did the same thing although much later on and even in that case it was in the name of progress and not of islam, 
  almost none ( there have been cases of christian terrorism in subsaharian countries and isolated cases in usa and europe ) . 
  but the ones who are doing so in islam represent 0,01 % and the ones ( 10 % ) who support are mostly all followers of the season sect, 
  that is progress in terms of civil rights . 
  i would say that most christian faiths are conservative and so are the most moderate brands of islam while salafism/wahhabbism/qutibism being outright reactionary and evangelical churches being in between, 
  the sharia is mixed bag that can be used in a radical and in a more moderate way so technically it depends on which kind of sharia one would want to follow, 
  how many practising christians oppose civil rights for lgbt people ? 
  how many of them oppose abortion ? 
  how many of them have tried and still trying to push their agenda in politics ? 
  mine is mostly a hyperbole though, 
  did i say that ? 
  but it was christianity who got for example people stoned for disagreeing with its version of religion in the past ( referring to catholic church against cathars or waldensians ) . 
  as years went by , it was forced to evolve just like islam will slowly be . 
  of course we do have a problem but i believe radical islam is nearing it 's ending with that , i do n't mean that it will be gone in a couple years but it may be gone a few generations from now as society in islamic countries keep modernizing, 
  christianity has adapted because it has realised there 's no other choice but they still oppose any kind of social progress, 
  they do not hate everything though it 's just that they do n't realise . 
  they do not hate our welfare ( in fact political islam has sometimes tried to make its own version ) they do not hate our goods ( in fact arab countries consume a high quantity of them ) they probably do not hate democracy either ( there may be several who support islamic democracy ) the west and its culture of secularism slowly winning its battle, 
  the problem is that the 70 % or so that does abide by secular rules will be caught in between . 
  i believe the risk is real but that the reaction of these far right groups wo n't solve anything . 
  you wo n't solve ideological problems through fighting them because they will keep spreading . 
  the most logical solution would be to cut its funding , to campaign against it , ecc . 
  tldr : violence has n't killed communism , other ideologies have, 
  not a good number but keep in mind that if you asked practising christians the number would n't have been much different . 
  there 's a difference between not accepting these rules and fighting them actively through various means and if the majority of this 27-28 % just does the former , it wo n't be much of a problem, 
   the paper that hired a plagiarizing bastard ? 
  yep the guardian is a mixed bag . 
  they do have good articles mixed with utter shit that kinda reminds me of cnn, 
  sad even if i do n't like afd, 
   renzy is more comparable to hollande ( with more authority ) than valls . 
  seems closer to valls because both are more social liberals than they are socialdemocrats ( like hollande is supposed to be ) . 
  you are right that hollande and renzi roughly have the same role although renzi has more autority because he has 30 % support instead of 15 %, 
  she is , of course but there are different kinds of populism . 
  afd and merkel are equally populistic . 
  the former does opposition on every single point for opposition 's sake and the latter shifts her views according to the mood of the public . 
   i 'm not 100 % sure on the implications of the afd policies yet , while i do have the bill of the recent policies of spd/cdu ( and the other parties in the current parliament do not really seem to disagree with those policies ) . 
  * liberal outlook in economics ( which means cuts to welfare state ) although they change opinion everyday * socially conservative ( against lgbt people rights , abortion , ecc . ), 
  * rehabilitating openly racist words and a part of the far right that had to hide before as for your second point , that 's mostly because of the grosse koalition system germany uses . 
  it 's been shown time and time against that even though the proportional system is the best in practice , it is n't beneficial to a country 's politics, 
  a party must be formed with clear policies in mind and not establish them as time goes by . 
  their current policies are the ones they will keep proposing for years now as long as it gets them votes . 
  they wo n't change the current approach because it works . 
  the stark difference between le pen ( which i do n't like ) and the other right wing parties and leaders is that she changed her party 's policies in a couple years after taking on front national 's leadership . 
  she proposes an alternative , most parties of this kind never will though because all they do is shout at whatever people are against . 
  afd does n't have an effective immigration policy , they point at the solution that looks the simplest without looking at the cons it would have . 
   the populist asks the public first , then to find the best position to have . 
  he picks what the most people thinks is right , changes as the majority mood changes , and knows that not everything he supports will end well , he just has to make the best of it . 
   you could say the populist is the perfect democratic representative . 
  and people have become more demanding that 's what politicians should be . 
  but it 's not all they can be . 
  some politicians aim to lead . 
  if you definition of populism is true ( and it is n't ) , that 'd make merkel a brilliant democratic representative because her views shift in domestic policy ( except immigration ) all the time according to the public 's mood . 
  of course , afd will say she is n't . 
  there a few decent newspapers . 
  the independent is alright and the guardian is when they do n't talk brexit or when it is n't one of their shitty editorial about civil rights ( where they do nothing but fake outrage to get clicks ), 
   romania - inni inna and not inni for italy , mina and adriano celentano are tied but i would give the latter a little edge because he 's still actively producing stuff and coming up with albums, 
  i doubt baglioni is the most successful italian artist ^ ^ if ^ ^ we ^ ^ are , ^ ^ we ^ ^ are ^ ^ a ^ ^ country ^ ^ of ^ ^ depressed ^ ^ people according to [ this wikipedia article ] ( https://it.wikipedia.org/wiki/artisti_musicali_italiani_per_stime_di_vendita#oltre_i_100_milioni_di_copie_stimate ) , mina and adriano celentano are tied for most copies sold with 150 million copies each,
