  a. tax . 
  automation . 
  you know it 's pretty rare draw associations between the left & conservatism but they 've managed it . 
  a tax on automation seems shocking . 
  can you explain me what their exact proposal was ? 
  anyway , it seems logical that once a socialdemocratic party gets close to turning a country into an actual socialdemocracy , it becomes more and more economically conservative . 
  they are defending the system they have created and slowly trying to strenghtening it . 
  this fact that the left must always reform is lost on me . 
  it 's a characteristic of progressivism and liberalism and surely not of socialdemocracy/dem-soc, 
  wallonian farmers are people , since they receive subsidies to keep an already struggling sector alive , this would be the final nail in the coffin for them . 
  a good chunk of them going bankrupt could effect the local economy , this is why i think that they should be helped diversify , innovate or even switch their focus . 
  there need n't be wallonian farmers but there need to be wallonian employed people . 
  that 's not a concern to me . 
  i 'm just worried about what the response of central governments and parliaments would be , especially in the likelihood of a fta with the usa . 
  the fact that parliaments have been standing up for the concerns of their own people is refreshing . 
  the fact that there is opposition for the fta is a good thing since its negative aspects would be slowly curbed out, 
   eastern europe is well set , saying it 's not racist , but culturalist . 
  that 's the very definition of xenophobic . 
  they are scared of any culture and of anyone different from them coming to their country, 
  the problem for me would n't exist if these businesses would n't have existed for decades and if they had made the wrong investments but the reality is that they are just suffering from globalization . 
  they do get a high number of subsidies already so i wonder if it would n't be more profitable for them to change their production or to set up new businesses . 
  we should n't want these businesses go bankrupt because it would make the local economy suffer , especially in a struggling post industrial area such as wallonia . 
  this is how you get parties such as communists and nationalists gaining foothold, 
  of course , it was all tied to the eni facilities . 
  try being a wallonian farmer who barely manages to make his company survive . 
  we need to stand for this people or at least help them make their business profitable . 
  i 'm all for ceta but we need to save the sectors which would struggle further due to the competition before we approve it . 
  that 's the gist of my comment, 
  yet the last big crisis was passed only after expansive economics , the new deal and the same goes for this one where the usa has managed to improve its situation through expansive economics and devaluing of currency . 
  greece needs cuts to government wastes and expansive economy at the same time . 
  it needs the former to have the resources for the latter which is needed to decrease unemployment . 
  i hope not . 
  it should be a easier and more accessible language . 
  french or spanish would be perfect, 
  i can understand wallonia 's concerns and i think canada should go out of its way to address them if it 's bent on making this fta . 
  these hopefully shows that we will be preparated for when we will have to face the eventuality of a ttip deal, 
  it was little talked about in italy . 
  even parties against fta rarely mentioned in their speeches . 
  r/europe is the only reason i got to know about it, 
  you are talking as if free trade does n't have its negative consequences on part of the population . 
  the ceta deal was n't a hardline one but it certainly could have hurt a few industrial sectors from competition while boosting other ones . 
  after all , free trade has both its positives and its negatives but one of its negatives is that it tends to bring already struggling economical sectors further down, 
  yet it was a left wing party and not the populist right opposing the free trade agreement . 
  this show once more that the left ( not its watered down progressive version but the socialdemocratic/democratic socialist one ) is the only thing that can protect europe 's working class . 
  because after all , ceta is n't a problem in itself , the chance of a fta going unopposed with usa is . 
  fta with usa and china would be deletory and would hurt the working class in most of europe , especially china . 
  i would say that they have already enough influence in a few industrial sectors completely taking over a few well established ones ( for example , the furniture district in matera or the textile industry in prato ), 
  i do n't single handedly blame the eu , i blame a few of schaeuble 's choices ( but his double standards politics is actually why i ca n't get to like him ) but the greek government has n't been great either, 
  honestly i hope the coverage of this issue leads the audience of eastern european countries to understand that the xenophobia they have in regards to any immigrant coming to their countries can be pretty damaging , especially if someone is just looking for better standards of living and nothing more . 
  honestly , the problem was sarko . 
  cameron and obama just tagged along . 
  france 's right wing , much like britain , still thinks they live in the empire 's time . 
  that was n't enough . 
  tsipras has tried to follow eu 's policies but people suffer from them and they are incredibly unpopular ( which is why syriza 's support fell ) , greece needs a technical government to implement them because no party is interested in pursuing these policies to the letter because it would damage them . 
  this is partly eu 's fault because these policies are too rough and leave no way for expansive economical policies which are what 's needed to decrease unemployment and make the economy grow . 
  i do n't defend our entry into lybia ( just trying to explain italy 's position ) but we were n't one of our main actors into the first bloody part of the war ( our main role was letting usa use our bases ) and would have never started the war . 
  the only thing we had major influence in is the installment of the gna and of serraj which were a good development as they limited the influence of tripoli 's islamists . 
  i agree . 
  honestly , i 'm surprised that as many as 77 % of italians have a positive view of the usa given that they pressured us into kosovo , afghanistan , iraq and even ( although that 's more france 's fault ) into libya and that they constantly tried to rig the system against the people 's will during the cold war , yet it can easily be understood when watching television . 
  take sirya for example , rai ( state owner channels ) rarely mention that a good chunk of the rebels are actually islamic extremists . 
  mediaset is still pretty pro usa but they do tend to be more impartial in their reporting because of berlusconi 's friendship with putin . 
  schauble 's stance towards greece was wrong , part of the debt ( the one held by eu countries ) should have been written off and creditors should have been paid for by a collective fund . 
  at the same time , greece would have had to agree to enact a number of measures to ease corruption , cut wastes and avoid having to face another crisis like this . 
  as for italy , it can afford a deficit higher than 3 % under the guarantee it keeps reforming the system to make it more efficent . 
  we would be able to pay it off in the future . 
  russia has been calling for a referendum for years . 
  the problem is that this referendum would lack international recognization because the west does n't approve of it so let 's give them the referendum they wanted and let 's set the conditions for it to be fair and for it to be accepted by either parties no matter what the outcome is, 
   but there seriously is no point in sanctioning countries who are actually slowly doing better . 
  there is n't so you either make eu laws more flexible or you make it possible for everyone who 's currently struggling to bend the rules . 
  why should stagnant italy keep itself below 3 % and not adopt expansive policies while spain and portugal do ? 
  that 's a double faced answer . 
  schauble for me , as an italian and a strong eu backer , is a disaster, 
  schauble should fuck off . 
  if it was n't for him and his austerity proposals , greece and italy would be better off than they currently are and we certainly would n't have kke and other communist parties at 12-13 % and golden dawn at 10 % while five star movement is at 30 % in italy . 
  schauble has been double faced opposing the same policies in italy and greece that he has approved for spain and portugal . 
  canada should just wait in the corner and propose the deal a couple years from now when situation will have changed . 
  there 's no reason to rush . 
  the problem is that this deal ( which i find to be inoffensive for the most part ) could open the door for ttip, 
  yeah , un blue helmets . 
  i got them mixed up . 
  either way , i think it 's a good strategy that would settle the whole issue . 
  we would need to repatriate or at least make it possible to vote for the ones who have left these three regions . 
   the nordics are not really neutral when they depend on the us for their security . 
  it would be much better for europe as a whole to become more neutral , so as not be drawn into another american war . 
  as a junior partner in nato , europe will never be able to determine its own policy free of us influence . 
  exactly . 
  this is lost on people because our medias ( and parties , aside from the left/far left and from the far right ) do nothing but defend usa 's foreign policy on any single issue and those few ones who do n't are pro russian which makes it far worse . 
  exactly , the eu army is our way out of nato which is why anyone against nato and who has a negative approach against usa 's foreign policy should support it . 
  basically what / u/in _ der_tat said . 
  the lybian issue is the only thing which united all italian parties . 
  sarkozy attacked italian interests in basically the only mediterranean country it had soft power on , we had to intervene to have influence on a future government like we do with the current serraj one, 
  problem within lybia is that both governments want control all over the country yet i think that the best solution would actually be status quo . 
  let cyrenaica with haftar and tripolatania and fezzan with gnc be their own countries . 
  this is a good chance to fix a long term problem . 
  i suggest trying to find a deal which allows both crimea , lugansk and donetsk to hold a referendum about the whole issue with the presence of un , ukrainian and russian officials/personnel into any voting location, 
  i 'm not happy about it at all . 
  but our minister , unlike rajoy , is n't a leeching nasty piece of shit and has n't taken advantage of the precedent that was set even though it would greatly benefit us . 
  eu rules were put into place for a reason, 
  sanction wo n't make putin back up . 
  he needs war to unify the country for him and he 's succeeded to skew attention from the country 's economical decay to the west and ukraine blaming us on anything and increasing nationalism further .
