  the current government , which is made up of center-left social liberals and socialdemocrats plus catholic centrists which blocked the stepson adoption and gay marriage earlier on , passed civil unions . 
  gay marriages should be legalized in case the constitutional referendums passes and either pd and five star movement win the elections in 2018 , in which case they will have the absolute majority in parliament . 
  for all the shit she 's been given , mogherini being the foreign minister of the eu as a whole could have been a good development due to her having good relationships with the russia-shi ' a axis . 
  it might not have worked with russia due to the civil war in donbass but it might with iran . 
  finally a half decent article about them in the international press  in barely seven years , the populist five star movement ( m5s ) , has become italy 's biggest opposition group . 
  as the country approaches a referendum on december 4th that could lead to the fall of matteo renzi 's left-right coalition and a renewed bout of political turmoil , the m5s is just a few percentage points behind mr renzi 's democratic party ( pd ) . 
  at the last election in 2013 , the m5s took a quarter of the vote . 
  since then , silvio berlusconi 's forza italia party -- once the pd 's principal rival -- has imploded . 
  italy 's other main right-wing party , the northern league , has so far been unable to take its place ; its appeal constrained by its regional character and extreme views . 
  against this background , an m5s government is no longer unthinkable . 
  in june , its candidates for mayor won in rome and , more surprisingly ( and traumatically for the pd ) in turin , a left-wing stronghold . 
  what exactly is the m5s , and what does it stand for ? 
    neither of the two men who founded the movement in 2009 was a politician at the time . 
  one was beppe grillo , a comedian in the mould of michael moore or russell brand . 
  mr grillo has lent the m5s visibility and celebrity charisma . 
  but it was his co-founder , gianroberto casaleggio , an it executive , who gave it its distinctive character . 
  mr grillo wrote that he first took the shaggy-haired internet buff to be a lunatic , but soon concluded he was a visionary . 
  mr casaleggio persuaded the comedian -- banished from television because of his attacks on the powerful -- to start a blog . 
  he then encouraged devotees of the blog to use the meetup platform to form the local cells that laid the foundations for the m5s . 
    at the core of the movement 's philosophy is the view that it is not a party , but an organisation set up to get rid of parties , which many in italy view as sources of patronage and graft . 
  this is one of the things that distinguishes the m5s from other disruptive political groups such as podemos or ukip . 
  the latter use the internet to rally support . 
  the m5s sees it as the very reason for its existence : a medium remorselessly eliminating mediation of all kinds that will eventually destroy parties and make possible a form of direct democracy if the people control the government through constant voting over the web . 
  this idealistic , almost messianic , vision explains some of the movement 's other distinguishing traits : its refusal to do deals with the pre-existing parties , its cult-like nature ( dissidents are regularly purged in online ballots ) and its insistence that it is neither of left nor right ( since it aims to embrace the entire electorate ) . 
    though most of the m5s 's leadership came from the left , it has picked up large numbers of votes on the right . 
  facing in both directions at once , it is a fearsome opponent , especially in two-round elections of the sort introduced by italy 's new electoral law : having eliminated , say , forza italia in the first round , the movement can then scoop up many of the eliminated party 's voters in the second . 
  but that very advantage makes it vulnerable : its left - and right-leaning members are increasingly clashing over policy , and forming informal factions within the movement . 
  the other big challenge it faces is to show its elected officer-holders can overcome their inexperience to govern effectively . 
  the new m5s mayor of rome has made a disastrous start . 
  if the movement can not run a city , voters may conclude , it should not be given charge of a country . 
  it serves a double purpose for him . 
  keeping is and kck away and at the same time repopulating the area with refugees which have fled to turkey . 
  it kinda was a smart move on his part but it is backfiring, 
  most of the facilities we use were n't being used at all . 
  the people needed to run these facilities do n't work for free but i guess you can have a decent mix of voluntaries and workers which would reduce unemployment further without having the gov do the majority of the work, 
  https://www.ft.com/content/23141a24-743d-11e6-bf48-b372cdb1043a  recep tayyip erdogan , turkey 's president , has asked for the us-led coalition to help create a no-fly zone over this territory , which he hopes eventually to repopulate with refugees who have fled to turkey in the five years since the syria conflict began . 
  v4 should n't accept thousands of immigrants but just get closer to the west 's demand . 
  either way , the reason they should is that if it 's done well , after a while it can work just like it has in italy with several communities we have hosted like eritreans , ethiopians ( both in the 50s and 60s ) , moroccan , polish and albanians ( 90s and early 00s ) , pinoys and romanians ( 00s until now ), 
   those attackers were muslims of middle eastern origins , just like refugees are . 
  there are many things western europeans governments have been at fault for . 
  the main reason people like salah adbesalah have sprung up in places like molenbeek is because the eu allowed countries like qatar , saudi arabia and other gulf countries to fund wahhabis mosques . 
  this mostly happened at a time where we were unconscious of the risk that came with wahhabism/salafism/qutbism . 
  aside from that , put these mosques in low income neighbourhoods where adolescents often have identity issues and they become breeding places for the salahs of this world . 
   ** i support creating real , temporary places for them to stay . 
  again and again with good conditions , not like those in australia . 
  ** i do support turining back all people who are not real refugees meaning especially economic migrants . 
  right now we dont know who is the real refugee and who is not . 
  this would require a background check of all people who enter eu claiming they are refugees . 
  then stop talking about the australian model and support a feasible one ( like a turkey-eu like deal where it 's possible ) . 
  hearing people talking about limiting immigration does n't irk me , hearing people talking about following australia 's way does . 
   i think if you spend enough time on blogs , subreddits or facebook groups that push your desired agenda , you at least subconsciously absorb the ideology and since contrary viewpoints are flushed out and made fun off , you just know that yours is the truth ... and all the social bots on your twitter feed agree . 
  that 's why i have always preferred being part of heterogenouos places where all ideas are welcome , r/europe is a decent example ( r/worldnews or other general forums not so much ), 
  what brain draining ? 
  most of them were just unskilled people . 
  honestly , polish culture may be more compatible with our culture but it 's not that similar at all . 
  you may say that they have immigrated to work but it 's not always true . 
  a fair few of them leeched off of welfare and another fair few of them have incredibly lowered wages ( making it impossible for italians to find work ) in a few sectors such as agriculture or construction industry while even often being paid under the table ( this is just as much the fault of enterpreneurs as it is of immigrants though ) . 
  either way , what happened with eastern europeans is not so different than what is happening with other people and it worked out well in the end despite many problems at the start, 
  that 's a more workable strategy already but i think the current deal with turkey resolved many problems already ( erdogan kinda got screwed which is why he did n't want to go further with the deal ) . 
  doubling down with a similar deal with other countries ( pakistan with afghanistan and iran maybe with both afghanistan and iraq ) could be a good solution ( unlike the australian model ) . 
  the problem is north africa which is what italy is currently worried about . 
  the eu simply does n't care about migration from there and has more or less left italy to deal alone with this problem . 
  a similar solution ca n't be found because refugees are in a country that 's formally in a civil war ( which means that we ca n't deport them back to libya according to international treaties ) and which has two governments which barely control anything outside the major cities ( the gna barely controls tripoli and haftar is struggling with islamists in places such as derna and benghazi ) aside from that , the relocation deal is about refugees which are already in the eu . 
  it 's just a distribution of what 's already here, 
  first of all , most of these migrants our pm is hinting about have been accepted and recognized as refugees already . 
  they have a right to stay inside the eu already and the country where they claimed refugee status have to accept them . 
  the quota solution was for actual refugees and not for immigrants as a whole . 
  4k people escaping from actual war ( a fair few of which will be trying to go to other countries anyway ) wo n't pose a problem to poland/hungary 's national security . 
  this is just poland/hungary 's politicians pandering for easy votes and taking advantage of average polish men 's fears . 
   the level headed solution -- and the only one with any hope of working -- is for the eu to finance huge refugee camps/cities close to their countries of origin , and returning every migrant directly to there . 
  it is germany that needs to convinced of that rather than inviting everyone into europe . 
  it is germany that is the problem , not the v4 . 
  first of all , germany has changed its stance roughly at the start of the year and is now actively deporting all those migrants who have no right to claim refugee status . 
  that same germany has been accepting a way lower amount of immigrants . 
  that same germany still accepts sharing of refugees who are already within eu 's borders though . 
  so , germany 's not to blame anymore . 
  refugee cities and camps have been set all over the middle east but people escape from these same camps because of the conditions they are in inside these camps . 
  either way , it worked out rather well especially after the deal with turkey was made . 
  the problem is not the middle east anymore though and italy is pushing for eu countries to find a similar workable solution for north africa too . 
  the problem is that lybian civil war has n't ended yet and there 's no capable government in place . 
  i 'm not saying that the current solution is a good one but it would be a symbolical gesture of solidarity from poland which it is refusing at any rate even if it would change little inside poland . 
   you are using ad personam agrumentation to make me a vilan and make yourself a morally better , even after actual people died in france and belgum partially due to your refugee solution . 
  i am sorry but this is populism . 
  what has happened in france and belgium has little to do with the current refugee solution . 
  none of the attackers were refugees . 
  they may have entered europe because of loose controls but if i 'm not mistaken a few of them did pass amongst other countries through hungary which is the rest of v4 's and the alt right 's darling . 
   thanks for links , i didnt know that , but again i stand by my point we should make facilities like this , because current vision on help isnt a good solution . 
  so , you would prefer keeping people in a neverending spiral of poverty and reliance on others in camps with a shitty conditions and in a country that 's foreign to them to boot ? 
  the australian solution is pure demagogy . 
  there may be other strict solutions who can be good but this one is n't that we , the beacons of human rights and democracy in this world , should follow . 
  as i said , romania and bulgaria should n't have been accepted for other reasons . 
  it was too soon . 
  that said , romania 's current government is very promising and they have taken many steps forwards since 2007 . 
  bulgaria on the other hand ... ... ... ... . 
  you do n't understand . 
  erdogan himself has started changing his stance on the whole issue since it backfired for him . 
  his current actions in syria are an attempt to clear the borders from is and kck and at the same times to give the over 2 millions of refugees syria has accepted a new home again . 
  erdogan wo n't accept another deal with the eu because he knows he will lose support again if he does, 
  some people are so removed out of reality honestly . 
  i do n't know if they spin things to validate their narrative or if they believe in their own drivel .
