  at first we supported the usa but none of us wanted gaddafi gone, 
  the odds are against the republicans though . 
  the more you go ahead with time the least likely the chances of someone such as trump getting elected become . 
   it 's an odd one really , i absolutely love cycling but do n't tend to follow the sport much . 
  i find it a really difficult sport to follow to be honest !, 
  i 'll check it out though , maybe an adjustment is required to go from watching sport on tv to following it more from a reading sense . 
  we have an active community so i think we could help you keep up more with it . 
  we also have someone that makes highlights for every damn major race so that you do n't have to watch it live . 
  i have actually gotten more into the sport after joining the sub a couple years ago, 
  of course but the sum of our budgets going through a single european army could give us a stronger standing so i think we would gain even without leaving nato, 
  imagine a girl named papavero here in italy . 
   bonus : dutch searches on italians . 
   so handsome . 
   short . 
   come to the netherlands . 
  well , thanks !, 
  i always knew we could rely on dutchies, 
   or maybe they meant why is the uk so dirty ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ) ? 
  of course we did . 
  we are masters of doublethink , 
  we seem to rotate between cities . 
  when we solve the garbage crisis in naples , it moves to rome , than we solve it in rome and it pops up in palermo ... ... ... ... . . it 's always in the southern half of the country though, 
  mine was a joke . 
  i am a cycling fan so i know the real reasons behind your success . 
  i am even more at r/peloton , the road cycling subreddit . 
  by the way , come visit us sometimes if you love the sport, 
  great nations think alike, 
  if that 's a reference to brexit ( and i know it is ) , i 'm not . 
  i just prefer a eu army to the current set up . 
  i probably exaggerated but the amount of influence the usa has on our countries in terms of foreign policies is not little . 
  more than we like to admit in fact . 
   if i do n't find us safely nestled between iraq and israel i give up . 
  you are actually jordan , are n't you ? 
  why would it be insane ? 
  i 'm tired of the usa literally dictating our foreign policies . 
  i 'm tired of the usa having their troops in our country as a remnant of ww2 . 
  i 'm tired of my country being inside an organization that 's a remnant of the cold war and that 's now mostly useless outside of eastern europe . 
  more classical british names . 
  not this new age names that sound made up, 
  why ? 
  [ ava is a detersive ] ( http://www.engage.it/wp-content/uploads/2016/04/ava_frame3-600x400.png ) and ella a pronoun in italy . 
  isla is a spanish name for island , a name for hipsters or something similar . 
  poppy is self explainatory . 
  out of google search : perche gli inglesi ( why are/do/have the english ) : * drive on the left * want to exit from euro ( i 'm not making this up ) * want brexit * vote on thursday * think they can do it all by themselves, 
  why are you so dirty ? 
   and what are your cycling secrets ? 
  we all know , 
  from the table at the end , it seems to me that english people just ca n't give female names . 
  poppy ? 
  ava ? 
  why the fuck would someone give these names to their children ? 
  ava is the one i ca n't really stand though , probably because it 's a name of a detersive here in italy, 
  that 's a good idea especially if it helps us to get us rid of nato and diminish the influence of the usa on foreign policy . 
  of course , we should keep a good relationship with the usa but this army , who i think should be used exclusively for defense , should make us more independent . 
  of course , we are a long way from its birth, 
  if the majority of venetians want it , why not ? 
  we do n't know whether they would . 
  it appears they should have an elected prime minister and parliament . 
  serraj has shown no signs of being a dictator so far . 
  sorry , it should have been a we, 
  never . 
  it would mean that working class europeans which are the ones that want immigrants gone would struggle . 
  by the way , the refugees would come anyway because they are guaranteed certain benefits . 
  it 's the economical immigrants that would stop coming, 
  we did have similar deals wit gaddafi and they are expected to continue having these same deals . 
  it may be an inconvenience for them but they do get benefits in exchange, 
  you are right ( she 's still not a far leftist ) but the user i responded to was n't talking only of migration policy, 
  they just parrot whatever the far right tells them, 
  yep . 
  it 's in otranto . 
  punta palascia , the easternmost point of italy, 
  the majority of tories did n't really want to exit from the eu . 
  it was a ploy from johnson , gove , ecc . 
  to beat cameron in a glorified leadership contest . 
  they probably did n't even expect to win but just to give cameron a scare and gain places in the tory 's ranks as his successor . 
  you could see that in the moment they retracted most of their statements the day after winning . 
  may is now quietly sweeping everything under the rug so as not to lose them support but in the medium run it will end up biting them in the ass, 
   it 's the effect of geography again , right ? 
  if it happens closer it 's worse ? 
  yep and it 's something us and our government directly have an effect on, 
  those welsh always got ta be different . 
  closer to latin countries when english goes germanic or even celtic and to celtic when english goes latin it 's nov here in northern apulia with the o being pronounced the same way as in low, 
  conflict is n't static and even the parts of libya who are controlled by the government at the moment have a low intensity civil war with the risk of kidnappings , bombings , ecc . 
  so have most people . 
  [ here 's a wikipedia article about them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/european_convention_on_human_rights ), 
  do it and see how that works then because it is n't the same . 
  by the way , these people are n't given an immigrant visa , they either stay under the radar working jobs italians do n't want to do while being paid under the table , freelance selling things illegally ( this goes from roses to music and film videos to weed ) , ecc . 
  the only way out for them is to find someone who wants to contract them regularly and get a visa but good luck finding that in italy !, 
  something must be done but i believe that would breech european human rights, 
  we can understand your feelings . 
  actually , you are in an even worse situation, 
  i kinda agree . 
  that said , we do n't need to keep growing forever to sustain this system . 
  replacement rate or just below replacement rate would be enough . 
   of course , importing labour is far easier than moving away from the rat-race of capitalism so it 's a pipe dream . 
  unfortunately , we have gone more and more down that route throughout the 80s and 90s . 
  we are actually slowly giving our social security system away in favour of an even more capitalistic system . 
  we can thank neoliberals , neoconservatives and social liberals for that ( blair , clinton , reagan , ecc . ), 
  if libya had a stable government , we could but there 's still a civil war going on there and i do n't think it would be responsible to leave them there . 
  once el serraj will be able to control the country , human trafficking will turn out to be into a minor problem,
