  this might be lost on me because they have always been well organized here . 
  i mean , i 'm from the town where tatarella is born and even as a leftist i have to acknowledge he was an excellent politician . 
  ahahah mhp should be executed for supporting grey wolves , akp for supporting syrian islamists and trading wiht is and chp for supporting military coups in the past then, 
  it is . 
  theirs is usually more positive nationalism ( closer to snp for example ) while mhp has a much more negative and aggressive nationalism ( closer to european far right ) . 
  the only thing that scares me about chp is the excessive cult they have towards ataturk, 
  front national do but lega nord ? 
  they are an economically liberal party at their core , their leader may not be but the party line is still the same . 
  maroni , zaia , calderoli are as much economically liberal as the average forza italia mp . 
  i do n't understand why people voting lega nord do n't vote for the much more respectable fratelli d'italia . 
   why do all the `` center-left is dying '' people ignore the success of renzi in one of europe 's most largest countries?the italian center-left is doing a great job . 
  meh , he is much like blair . 
  sure , he 's the best option currently but there 's little that 's actually socialdemocratic in him . 
  he was born a centrist with a reformist and progressist streak and is going to die a centrist with a reformist and progressist streak the real italian center left is within the pd and is represented by the minority who 's fighting renzi, 
  most of those parties ( casapound ) have more of a extremely nationalistic or neo-fascist character than anything else . 
  that 's what makes them unelectable . 
  there 's still no viable opposition to liberalism on the right, 
  what extreme left values , liberals are a centrist neoliberal party . 
  i ca n't stand people mistaking social liberal parties as left wing when they do n't tick most of the boxes for being described as such . 
  they are no more extreme left wing than the christian democrats are extreme right wing, 
  canada 's liberals are progressive neoliberalists ( kinda like blair ) wearing a center left mask . 
  npd is left wing, 
   meanwhile in european countries we 've had the anti-globalism right-wing for multiple election cycles already . 
  case in point , we have had the msi/an/fdi since the 50s, 
   between 1861 and 1985 , 29,036,000 italians immigrated to other countries ; of whom 16 million ( 55 percent ) arrived before the outbreak of wwi . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_diaspora people don\u00ect understand how large immigration from europe to the new world was , especially compared to what the population of the new world was and that it was a process involving the movement between 20 odd countries to a select few ( canada , australia , argentina , brazil , usa ), 
  people wo n't understand it 's a necessary evil, 
  what parties ? 
  the only parties on the right who do n't want liberalism are the ones who have no clear ideas and have a nationalistic/populistic drive . 
  tell me one party on the right with decent economical ideas, 
  the left has done good reforms . 
  even with neoliberalism , it was n't the left who started but it was the likes of reagan and thatcher who made it popular . 
  it just happened to be that in europe it was easier for neoliberals to organize themselves from within the left because it was easier to gain leadership, 
  they are growing simply because they are least wealthy and are growing more in terms of population . 
  the reason for this population growth is conservativeness , the predominance of traditional society , lack of education and strong religious presence . 
  have you looked at stats about the income inequalities in the usa or at the debt that they do have ? 
  they wo n't go under but if they keep going on this path , it might happen, 
  are you kidding ? 
  new deal had paved the way for welfare state but it was an idea of the left and without the left there would n't even been pressure to make the reforms needed to establish the welfare state . 
  in italy , we got welfare state with the center left coalition between the socialists and the most leftist areas of christian democrats between 1963 and 1979 and due to the fear of a communist win . 
  it is only if traditional left is replaced by new left wing parties . 
  otherwise you end up with only more liberalism shoved down your throat, 
   more like he 's shedding tears for the fact that interests of those who would happily vote for centre-left are no longer met by any single party . 
  where is the party that advocates for meaningful resistance to income inequality while largely agreeding that market forces need to be given some power , but kept in check , and that would advocate keeping immigration in check ? 
  they are on the populistic side but we have five star movement . 
  i wo n't vote for them because they are a populistic party run by an internet company but their platform is pretty good and ticks all the boxes . 
  it 's just that i and most intelligent people do n't trust them one bit to achieve even an ounce of what they promised, 
  as a leftist , i would party the day conservative parties ceased existing but it will never happen and the same goes for the left . 
  it will just take new forms , we are seeing it in spain with podemos , in italy with left wing populistic five star movement , in germany and northern europe with the greens , ecc . 
  classical leftist parties are losing out because they have stopped being socialdemocratic a long while ago and have now turned into beacons of neoliberalism . 
  spd lost with schroeder , pd is losing with renzi ( there 's a slim chance they may resist it though ) , labour lost with blair , ecc . 
  this parties ' core voters were youngsters and working class but they lost both of them with the former moving to newer left wing parties and the latter into a mix of nationalism and newer leftist parties or simply non voting, 
   people do n't like the left because it 's generally seen as being pro-mass immigration and a lot of people do n't like that . 
  that is the common thread . 
  honestly , i do n't understand it . 
  what do you expect from the left ? 
  it is n't in its principles to take a hard line stance over immigration because a huge chunk of leftism advocates for equal opportunities so why should n't an immigrant have this opportunity if he shows he can be a hardworking citizen ? 
  the problem is that the way immigration is done nowadays it goes against the economical principles of the left and that a good chunk of people driven by far right rhetoric are simply scared of differences , something which the left should n't bend to, 
  it would be a good idea to make a r/europeanmedias subreddit . 
  movies , tv series and music, 
  it was a genocide . 
  it 's like calling films about nazism or stalinism as demonizing germans or russians when all they do is try to portray a black page of german or russian history . 
  sure , the armenians had their faults too but it was the turkish side which engaged itself in a genocide and which refuses to acknowledge it . 
  turkish nationalism is going through the roof and not chp kind of nationalism but mhp and lately akp kind of nationalism, 
   chioggia is pretty nice as well , although being it so close to venice no one bothers to go see another city on stilts . 
  ones who want to go off the beaten path should because it 's kinda like venice used to be before the island was taken by tourism . 
  chioggia is more authentical padua is my favourite city in the northeast . 
  why i have never heard if henrik ibsen ? 
  who is he ? 
  him , zeno of citium , the baltics ' guys , lewis milestone and adam mickiewicz are the ones i have never heard of, 
  kant was a german speaker and was born in kaliningrad when it was called konigsberg . 
  pushkin is n't that well known , i 'd say . 
  stalin would qualify as georgian in this list and that would leave us with lenin, 
  inside our hearts , there lies a little micheal schumacher and he has pretty good reflexes which mean we get few accidents, 
  you are far too optimistic towards how the market works . 
  people wo n't earn enough to be able to sustain the entertainment and sports industry to keep growing that much . 
  by the way , football clubs are a negative example given that most clubs are still losing money and that it 's profitable only for the owner of larger clubs . 
  football is going the way marx thought economy would . 
  in italy , we have our own made up rules for driving . 
  once you understand how it works , it actually works quite well, 
  / u/kaplani has explained it pretty well . 
  it 's basically a way to refute independentism from within spain without having to resort to spanish nationalism, 
  yep, 
  they really are n't when you compare your current politics to the ones who take place elsewhere, 
  chances are that barber will never have learnt english properly because he most likely dropped out of high school . 
  you would be surprised to know how high dropout rate is in southern italy, 
  i understand , they could easily reroute through the baltics and poland and i would be more confident if it happened but bypassing has became a common practice just like it is done for example with turkey with south stream . 
  the problem is that we are talking about a fellow eu country here and i understand why baltics and poland would be against the current solution, 
  no one would like russia either given that they are aiding the rebels and are amongst the rebels who want to break away . 
  let 's not kid ourselves, 
   basic income seems to me the solution to a problem that would n't even exist if workers had a stake in their production . 
  basic income would still be needed but more as something to fall back on in extreme cases, 
  yugoslavia 's system shown positive results until roughly the late 70s . 
  the area was certainly better off economically than it is now with the exception of slovenia . 
  can you explain me what were these structural problems and how it changed work culture ? 
   its just that under current model there is a distinction between worker role and owner role and influence . 
  it would ideally work just like a direct democracy . 
  workers would elect their `` owner '' over a five years period who would then appoint a committee ( either from the inside or the outside ) for the factory 's management and supervision . 
  there would be sets of rules not to be breeched ( factory 's constitution ) and a high majority ( 2/3rds ) of owners could technically disapprove of the temporary owner and indict new elections, 
  it 's the same in italy .
