  the populism of big part of m5s is similar to that of the greens in the uk , usa , ecc . 
  they really do n't . 
  their platform is appealing to me but there 's no internal democracy within the party , they have a cult like following , they are owned by a company , ecc . 
  as an independent with the indirect support of minor parties like sinistra italiana , ecc . 
  for example , napoli is governed by a left wing independent who 's not backed by any major party . 
  they do n't ask people about every proposal but just a few key ones ( for example , how they should 've voted regarding civil unions , where they ironically did n't follow the majority of their voters ) . 
  they also chose their five man board , the european group they should have entered in , ecc . 
  in this way, 
  never tried to compared . 
  i have just said that he acts in the same way as him and idolizes or uses him as a media stunt . 
  there used to be a time when i looked at wikileaks in a good light but julian assange sold himself off to russia a long time ago and does n't care about average citizen 's privacy . 
  the difference between assange and snowden lies there in my opinion . 
  it 's far easier to respect the second whereas the first is in it for himself and himself only, 
  only in iceland . 
  in italy , we have m5s which is kinda like a mix of greens and pirates with an unhealthy dose of populism sprinkled on it libertarians got us abortion and divorce so they were relevant here in italy in the 70s at least so they will always be reminded nicely for those reasons, 
  it would but it 's likely that at that point the renzi government will try to pass another electoral law with the support of centrists that takes the senate into account too . 
  exactly . 
  we ca n't ask jordan or turkey for more either . 
  i will reluctantly vote for yes in the next parliamentary election because we are at a moment where we stability and because there are good parts about the constitution 's change like the abolition of perfect bicameralism . 
  at the same time , the constitution 's change could have been made more effective in how it 's worded and it gives too much power to one party and one man ( no one will have to depend on coalition partners anymore ) . 
  i 'm not fond of centralism either but devolution as it was done now was ineffective so it 's not much of a change at the next parliamentary election , it will most likely be sinistra italiana at the first round and partito democratico at the second . 
  if someone like fico or appendino is made m5s 's candidate , i may even be bold enough to vote them at the second round but it has to be either him or someone of its mold and not some extremely populist guy who has no idea about anything, 
  if m5s won the election , i am not sure they would last long at all . 
  they are very divided on several issues and the moment they will be in government , they will start struggling even more to stay united . 
  there are already fights from inside the party to gain the leadership . 
  you have di maio ( the closest to an average politician , he 's more moderate , charasmatic but has shown to be incompetent and even bordering on not caring about corruption in a few occasions ) , fico ( he 's your standard center left winger and barely even populist , well liked within the party 's mps but has the charisma of an ameba ) and di battista ( he is the most extreme of them , he goes throughout italy on his moto like che guevara and his jerseys and has made several shocking populist remarks and support the most crazy conspiracy theorists , he 's liked by the party 's voters ), 
  as i said , it 's a mix of things which pushed him to intervene . 
  intervention should have actually happened sooner if gulenist and a few kemalist members of the military ( so it 's said ) were n't opposed . 
  i do n't think he wants syrian clay , i just thinks he 's willing to do whatever brings him support and bringing syrian immigrants back to syria would brought him support, 
  i forgot to mention that a fair few amount of m5s 's first purged have all ended inside sinistra italiana or as generally left wing independents . 
  i remember orellana who was very vocal against grillo and casaleggio . 
   also how exactly would youn caracterize sinistra italiana ? 
  a mix of the greens with socialists ? 
  a mix of greens , socialdemocrats and democratic socialists . 
   what are their stances on europe , foreign affairs ( russia ) or economy ? 
  on europe , that it and its economical rules should be reformed from within . 
  in case it ca n't be reformed , then an exit should be a last resort . 
  on foreign affairs , they seem , like all italian parties , to want to lift sanctions on russia . 
  they are also against military interventions of any kind and want to cut costs of military ( like five star movement ) on economy , just look at podemos and uk 's current labour party and you have sinistra italiana . 
  anyway , their programme is n't completely formed yet . 
  they will have a congress on the 3rd , 4th and 5th of december 2016 where they will finally come up with a complete programme, 
   do n't forget that italy + greece are taking a massive hit from russia sanctions and it would do both our countries enormous favors to block these sanctions . 
  but we do n't because we are in solidarity with ee/v4/etc . 
  exactly, 
   but why does n't it taint the image of the movement , or makes grillo be perceived as having autorcratic tendencies ? 
  he is perceived as such already but the m5s ' average voter excuse is that grillo is only the face of the movement and that the rest of the party is what matters . 
   and why do n't those left-wing m5s voters vote for sinistra italiana , is it perceived as too establishment/corrupt ? 
  anyway , sinistra italiana barely has space in debates on tv and such and they sure do n't have m5s ' strong social network appeal . 
  aside from that , sinistra italiana 's ceiling is some 15 % of votes while m5s ' ceiling is much higher because they appeal to anyone from communists to neofascists . 
  grillo himself said that anyone is welcome in the party . 
  they somehow manage to make everyone happy by avoiding taking positions on any social question . 
  this means that although 80 % of the party 's mp wanted to vote in favour of civil unions ( and before that gay marriage or civil unions with step child adoptions ) , they decided to abstain not to lose voters on the right . 
  they win votes on the left with a left leaning platform and votes on the right with their strongly populist rhetoric and the strong leader . 
  also , at the time when five star movement experienced its boom , there was no sinistra italiana and the left could n't agree on anything . 
  they have a strict regulation on how their politicians behave which is very easy to breach . 
  their politicians should be suspended from the party even if they receive a warning warranty . 
  if their politicians are then condemned during the first process , then they drop their support altogether and are kicked out of the party but usually before this is possible , they hold some kind of vote on the internet about the whole situation ( of course only a few members of the party can vote and the voting itself is influenced by how questions are made which ensures that the leaders get the results they want ), 
  honestly , it depends on the case . 
  parma mayor pizzarotti is about the only one which came out of it well and is generally looked at positively from the average left and center-left winger . 
  he did a good job and has a good chance of being re-elected next year . 
  the rest of them have all disappears into anonimity, 
  yet i know a fair few albanians which came through illegal channels as well as a fair few polish or hungarian who did the same thing . 
  it 's not like there was no illegal immigration back then , it used to be a minor problem compared to now ( mostly because it concerned a few countries like italy where we have had famous landings from albania such as the vlore ship or [ the tragedy of otranto ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tragedy_of_otranto ) ) but it was there, 
  but after 2004 , we got flooded with low skilled people . 
  i would have waited a few more years before accepting them but i think it was a wise choice overall . 
  these two countries seem to understand eu 's principles but v4 ( especially hungary and , since pis took over , poland ) are more and more of a stumbling block both to eu solidarity and federalization . 
  if you are n't ok with it , just exit the eu . 
  we are doing that . 
  we are the ones who have installed the current government or tripoli would still be controlled by islamists and the choice would have been once again between islamists and a secular dictatorship . 
  we are the ones helping the current government and i think they would be glad to help us back , it 's just that they do n't have the means at the moment, 
  the problem is that hungary and poland do n't want to take even a low symbolical amount . 
  i understand your economical concerns but i do n't understand this super tough stance you have either . 
  why not accept like 4000 of them each ? 
  what would it change to you to do that ? 
   after the war in syria is over , we should sent them back . 
  every single one ... because having war in your country and having enough money to pay for entering the asylum lottery by being on boat in mediterrean sea just shouldnt be free ticket for life in europe . 
  depends . 
  if one has became a valuable member of society ( i.e. 
  found work and gotten citizenship or one of the two ) , i do n't see the reason for it . 
  and i want to add that this people often sold all they had in their home country to get a chance at being given asylum so it 's not like they have won the lottery . 
  they have to go far from rest of family , friends , the place they grew up in , they even often have to change their values , ecc . 
  so speaking of them as winning the lottery means once again dehumanizing them just like most people from v4 seem to do all the time, 
   you know that czech republic is net immigration land ? 
  we get more eu immigrants that how many czechs move to other eu countries . 
  visit prague and you will find fair share of italian youth working here . 
  i know but i was broadly speaking about ee . 
  your country has been the exception even when it comes to this refugee quotas problem as it has accepted a symbolic quota of immigrants which both hungary and poland refuse to do . 
  my problem is not with you , it 's with your allies . 
   it is nice that western countries help poor regions . 
  i think that poor people ( balkan , poland , south italy etc. ), 
  need help to get back on their feet . 
  i personally live near prague and our local gdp per capita is above eu average . 
  that means our region is not eligible for eu funds and subsidies . 
  i \u00b4 m ok that 1 % of our taxes goes to other people in europe . 
  i am too but because of the northern half of my country we have to pay well more than we receive despite my region being under eu 's averages  it is italy that shows no solidarity . 
  you just ferry the people across sea and then let them cross your northern borders . 
  unlike spain that is able to keep gibraltar straight safe . 
  this shows ignorance of what italy has to deal with . 
  just like spain has a deal with morocco , italy had one with gaddafi 's lybia . 
  now , there 's no stable government in libya and italy is trying to fix the situation there and has to wait for the government it supports to be able to control more than just its main cities ( they control misurata , sirte plus most of tripoli and its suburbs but very little of the countryside ) .
