  after that , there have been moments of peace mixed with moments of various degrees of civil war ( usually low intensity throughout the country ) . 
  the problem is that there still is a large degree of anarchy, 
  let 's just say that once uk and france started our operations , our interests were damaged and we had to limit this damage going alongside them to be included in peace talks or keep good relationships with the rebels . 
  we would have never made the first move but once someone did and it was clear gaddafi was going to fall we had to join them or get screwed, 
  i think i did not explain myself well at all . 
  i have just realised that . 
  those who have came are here to stay . 
  what i mean is that the immigration flow from the middle east boomed after the syrian and iraqi civil wars ( just look at the numbers of syrian there were before or at the numbers of jordanians who have migrated at all ) before it , the numbers of people coming were much lower and sustainable . 
  the flow from subsaharian africa is instead more constant and more of a long term problem given the population boom these countries will be undergoing in the future, 
  they can but do n't want to . 
  look at oban , he did do something with the mandate of his people even of that meant going against all the eu . 
  of course no one else wants to be in the same position as orban but if rutte or renzi wanted to , they could . 
  they would just automatically worsen diplomatic relationships with anyone else, 
  damage control action are needed just like in siria, 
  as i said , israel is more of a weight than anything else nowadays , especially with netanyahu, 
  you are right ( german greens do seem an exception though ) . 
  i do n't support m5s nor do i support pd ( at least not when led by renzi ) but the latter are much more of a safe bet . 
  the former are trying to make the transition to becoming a governing force and it will be interesting to see them doing it, 
  houthis are extremists too . 
  if i had to back anyone this time , it would be hadi because of him being the most moderate out of the options but a diplomatic solution is needed more than bread even though it seems unrealistic, 
  they are just defending assad , someone who has large support amongst minorities of each kind , well off and not alike , as well as several sunni tribes and urbanites, 
  we need to leverage the saudis to change their ways . 
  that 's what iran is for . 
  they know they need us but we do n't seem to . 
  we go out of our way for them too often . 
  it is time to give theme a scare . 
  their religious extremist tend not to be even nearly as extreme as they are . 
  the average iranian is much more secular than the average saudi, 
  they are n't as against the west as they used to be . 
  the situation has improved . 
  ahmadinehjad is not in power anymore, 
  the situation is changing and iran is getting further from the shia orthodoxy it had in the 90s . 
  they are no more of a threat to us than saudi arabia and gulf countries are . 
  uk foreign policy is a trainwreck . 
  they do whatever the usa does . 
  they need to grow some balls and start having a foreign policy of their own because at the moment no one is more of a lapdog than the . 
  who the fuck cares about israel ? 
  it has been a weight for the west in the region . 
  a country that we have been too friendly with but that keeps , along saudi arabia , making the region more unstable, 
  * facepalm *, 
  five star movement held its first national congress of some kind in palermo with grillo ( yeah , the comician ) returning as party leader after the five man board that was appointed was n't successful in resolving the problem in rome quickly enough former candidate for mayor of milan stefano parisi has been appointed with the task of creating a coalition on the center right . 
  he is seen as a liberal fresh face that will bring back order and take back the support the moderate center right lost to the left on one side and to the populist right on the other, 
  yeah you are sadly right . 
  maybe not 400 euros but definitely something in between 600 and 1000 euros . 
  either way , something must be done on both fronts, 
  good on polish people . 
  they must fight the excessive influence the catholic church has in the country and the control it has over pis basically pushing it to make a step back on what should be a basic civil right such as abortion, 
  this pandora box will be closed as soon as the situation in syria settles in . 
  the situation at our southern borders is more pressing on the long term, 
  fair enough, 
  libya does n't send people . 
  they simply do n't have enough control of their shores and surely have more pressing issues such as fighting is or seeking a solution between the two governments your is the most idiotic statement in a while, 
  for that you need an agreement with the countries these people come from, 
  i meant that the leader they will vote in will have to agree . 
  the same goes for europeans , the leaders we voted in were n't opposed to immigration so it is even partly our fault if this is the situation, 
  as far as i know both the green and the pirate parties which five star movement is a merger of do n't call themselves neither left nor right, 
  nigeria has many people claiming asylum because of boko haram . 
  ivory coast , ghana and senegal have mostly legal immigrants coming . 
  did n't know about gambia , a good number of asylum seekers come from there . 
  my point is that there has been a consistent flow from subsaharian africa for two decades now and that given birth rates it will continue . 
  this is in opposition to the middle east from where immigration is more temporary, 
  they said they would n't . 
  serraj said he wants only air support and little more . 
  he went out of his way to repeat it many times . 
  i think that for the italian left , it was n't so much unrealizable ideas that were the problem as much as the lack of a charismatic figure or media support . 
  renzi is the charismatic figure they needed to be successful . 
  if it would n't have been renzi , it would have been someone else like for example civati or even boschi that would have risen out of the ashes i disagree that renzi gave a shape to the party . 
  the party is just like it used to be . 
  it had a social democratic identity ( former ds ) and a left leaning christian democrat one ( former ppi ) . 
  renzi is and was part of the latter although leaning towards social liberalism ( because inspired by blair ) . 
  what he did was just to empower the ppi part of the party at the expense of the ds one . 
  the ds part of the party is still there ( minoranza pd ) waiting to take over as soon as renzi loses an election, 
  not if they become 35 % which they can, 
  i am not renziano . 
  anyway , what i said is right . 
  subsaharian africa is the problem . 
  before the syrian civil war , the balkan route was n't relevant because not even nearly as many people had an interest in coming here . 
  the mediterranean one has instead been a problem for twenty years now, 
  we need a couple of both it is concerning that younger employed people still choose to live with their parents, 
  i will check it out . 
  degrowth is different from no global and sustainable development the majority of the left support . 
  in that way it is unique . 
  the fact that it used to be/partly still is supported by a party with 30 % in italy that claims to be neither left or right is also interesting, 
  that 's for sure . 
  i 'm not opposed to the idea , it just is n't feasible now but things might change in a couple years, 
  yeah the working class people who vote ukip in northern england and the midlands want the welfare they often live on to be cut / s, 
  human rights courts would be against us then and there would be no one to cover our asses, 
  they do n't refuse to . 
  these countries do n't want a single one of them in the first place, 
  eu wants stability there but if is n't an easy solution at all . 
  the government legitimized itself attacking is while haftar keeps gaining ground due to deals with tribes . 
  there is a soft war involved and haftar has the backingredients of egypt , russia and the arab world, 
  jordan volunteered to take people and was n't forced to . 
  it also is a stable country with a growing economy which has taken in people that are n't that different from the average jordanian, 
  jobbik certainly does n't support orban, 
  libyan government is moderate and has no reason to do it . 
  the conflict in libya is mostly between secular forces now, 
  i doubt it . 
  people will come regardless because libya is still better than whatever shithole they live in and because they will still have a slim chance of making it to europe . 
  you are underestimating the situation in several african countries,
