  interesting article . 
  good thing i understand french, 
   or pp abstaining in the basque country so that pnv abstains in congress . 
  this could be a good scenario as it would mean that pp would have a little majority and could be on the edge of the seat for the whole of the next five years . 
  it would give ciudadanos much in the way of leverage over them and at the same time would make it possible for pnv to end his abstention as soon as autonomy is under risk . 
  we 'll see if enough of the psoe gets on board with abstension . 
  i think this would only strenghten podemos which becomes the only capable opposition, 
  it seems a hint at both communism and national socialism as well as when both germanies unified . 
  that said , i think germans know that part of history well enough . 
  well , christmas 2016 is almost 2017 . 
  the new government will technically be formed in 2017 although at the very start, 
  he is in comparison to whoever will take his place, 
  yeah , we have . 
  as of now , the countryside is depopulating and the cities are getting larger and denser . 
  we may have quite a bit of green room in between the cities in the future . 
   what puzzles me is that the catalonians do n't get the same level of support . 
  they sure do although support for scotland has gone a notch up since brexit, 
  do you have a link to this ipsos poll . 
  it seems unlikely given that the flux of people coming from maghreb is much lower than it used to be and that france is n't that affected by migration from the middle east . 
  the only explaination could be higher birth rates, 
  it is n't much different but it still feels kinda barren and desolate for our standards . 
  this is a look at the plain from the [ gargano hills ] ( http://www.garganoverde.it/images/madonna_di_cristo/06-madonna_di_cristo_07.jpg ), 
  it gets worse here . 
  :( naples 8292 p/km2 and portici , a suburb of naples , 12206 p/km2, 
  2017 will sure be an interesting year with elections in germany , spain , france , maybe italy plus brexit, 
  that wanted to scrap the european chart of human rights, 
   she has basically retorically given in to the most hardcore fringe of the leave campaign . 
  ukip and such ; those that actually think evil foreigners are trying to bring down britain for ... reasons . 
  that nationalistic talk is really disturbing , most of all because people believe in it, 
  she does n't seem different from cameron and the only way that the uk can keep rivalling the eu for investments if there is a hard brexit is to go full economical liberalism . 
  fair enough . 
  thanks for your intervention . 
  it would be interesting to see what would happen in a parallel universe though, 
  milan has 7423 p/km2, 
   talk about driving through vast plains of nothingness with barely any another human being around them ? 
  no such thing here . 
  i live in northern apulia and it certainly feels like it unless i decide to drive towards southeast, 
  houses are nowhere near as little here in italy . 
  that 's just a british thing, 
  no parking but good public transportation, 
  and only north of lisbon . 
  south of it , there 's little, 
  people are often tricked into investing in these questionable deals with traditional bankers language . 
  not everyone has studied economics and many used to rely on the same banks their relatives did considering bank employees as part of the family . 
  if you do that in italy , you screw up the personal savings of hundreds of people . 
  it 's common practice here to save for when you retired and to invest those same funds in banks . 
  that kind of remarks also makes you just despise the german government more and more and sooner or later if you keep this up , we will get a government which may not be nearly as friendly to you as the renzi government is . 
   thing is , pedro s\u00e1nchez was n't dethroned for being ` too ' leftie like corbyn . 
  pedro s\u00e1nchez is as cynical and manipulative as the rest , yeah , i know but from what i am reading on here , the ones who want to take his place are basically as centrists as ciudadanos , are n't they ? 
   it 's all a fucking mess . 
  as always , if there was something `` left '' from the left in the so-called socialist party was the fraticide fights xd that 's a classic of every center left party ever, 
   and regions that would be taken by italians and french also had turkish majorities . 
  those regions would merely be under italian or french influence kinda like germany after ww2 . 
   only certain cities in eastern anatolia had an armenian majority . 
  according to armenian patriarch of constantinople in 1913 , muslims outnumbered armenians 3 to 1 state of van . 
  did n't know . 
  what about trabzon , rize , ecc . 
  hope podemos pull it off but most of it depends on the fight between iglesias and errejon from inside the party . 
  veltroni kinda did, 
  this mostly happened in the 20s and 30s when the fascist government started demolition parts of the city center to make the city grander ( their plan which was only partially concluded included the creation of large avenues/streets between the city 's monuments kinda like paris haussman project ) and resettling the inhabitants to newly built neighbourhoods in the countryside . 
  what majority turkish areas ? 
  the kurd state would have a turkish minority but little to no turkish majority areas . 
  maybe the armenian state would have them but i do n't know how the demographics of that area used to be . 
  a similar solution to the one that was adopted with greece ( population exchange ) could work, 
  it would kinda end up as corbyn in the labour party . 
  he would win and get back as the head of his party after being purged out of being the head of his party . 
  we are up there with the most self deprecating people . 
  i mean , we are corrupt but nowhere near being that corrupt ( saudi calabria is an exception ), 
  we should cut mexico into pieces and try to fit a bit in the mediterranean so they can always be next to us . 
  wait , there are no primaries ? 
  if this happened within our center left party , they would call for primaries within a couple months . 
  if it is n't them , it will be whatever party will take their place . 
  if psoe falls , podemos or iu will slowly take its place . 
  heck , even ciudadanos could if they play their cards well, 
  what are the chances of someone who 's as left wing as sanchez or even to the left of sanchez being elected ? 
  i noticed the italian left has done the same . 
  they ran under a ticket called `` the other europe with tsipras '' in 2014 european elections and stopped talking about him the moment he did n't follow with his talk . 
  varoufakis is still the rage though, 
  just like in football . 
  abyssinia and greece were debacles where our army showed under prepation and outdated equipment . 
  the same goes for egypt but we scored a couple important wins there and we were instrumental for germany to keep a presence in northern africa until 1943 . 
   that said , it 's components could have been better handled . 
  the treaty of sevres was so promising . 
  it would have spared us many problems . 
  we would have had a kurd state and diplomatic relations between armenia and turkey would have prolly been better off . 
  the only thing i would have fixed was the area around izmir which i would have given to turkey with the ensuing population exchange . 
  our army is roughly at the same level as germany 's, 
  hey , we won one war out of two ( and we won the first pretty much on our own ) . 
  the germans lost both . 
  germany or the uk but given how well it has gone last time we were allied to the former , i think would choose the british . 
  given that uk and usa are basically best friends when it comes to military operations , it would be a no brainer really as we would also receive american help, 
  tldr : the mistake was propelling the house of saud and alongside it wahhabists instead of a more moderate alternative or keeping the ottomans altogether, 
  the only thing that could be said to rome 's favour is that naples and milan are conurbations ( salerno , avellino and caserta for the former and varese , bergamo and monza for the latter ) while rome is the only main center of its own core getting higher commuting rates from longer distances . 
  rome just recovered in the 18th-19th century . 
  in 1871 ( when rome became part of italy ) palermo , genova , napoli and milano were all larger . 
  rome overtook the first in 1870s , the second in 1890s , the third in the late 20s , the fouth in the mid 30s . 
  if it was n't for fascism and its fetish for rome ( they practically annexed the whole old metropolitan area to rome ) , milan and naples would still be larger ( their metropolitan areas are larger at least ), 
  it will . 
  it 's more like : will raggi and m5s survive to rome ? 
  many areas of the province are far from rome and should n't be part of the metropolitan area .
