  aside from that , it 's well known that leftist leaders ( look at obama or hollande pre and post elections ) of every kind tend to moderate their positions in office while right wingers generally do n't . 
  that 's something i do n't know as much as a turk or a kurd would but ypg shares the same ideology with pkk whose supporters often overlap with the supporters of hdp . 
  i think ypg is very well supported , both within iraq ( by basically anyone that is n't a kdp or islamist voter ) and especially within turkey . 
  same goes for democratic confederalism . 
  melenchon 's not a marxist . 
  he 's a democratic socialist . 
  i would love for melenchon to be elected president, 
  meh , depends on how the first round goes . 
  if fn are below 30 % , they have no chance in hell of winning the second round . 
  my fear are if macron or another left winger go at the second round . 
  i fear le republicains voters may swing to fn . 
  the main chances for her are if sarkozy wins the primary and the centrists run on their own . 
  in that case , both macron and sarkozy ( possibly whoever socialists nominate too ) could get 17-18 % of votes and both are much weaker against le pen than jupp\u00e8 or fillon would be . 
  sarkozy reminds me of berlusconi sometimes . 
  a mild version but still one nonetheless . 
  just lacks the extravaganza and amount of wealth he had . 
  bayrou might run if sarkozy or fillon win the nomination , right ? 
  kazan is another brilliant city . 
  a weird mix of russian and islamic architecture as well as having a cosmopolitan feeling due to the presence of many cultures there . 
  after saint petersburg and kiev , it 's the place i want to visit the most, 
   some of the things that the tories are doing to the welfare state have encouraged more people to come off benefits and go into work . 
  they really did n't . 
  they just widened the income gap between the wealthy and the working class but you must probably be part of the former given how you speak . 
   but they strongly opposed the sanctions against russia from the very beginning the democratic party and actually any other party has opposed sanctions against russia from the beginning or thereabouts too . 
  there 's no party in italy that cares enough about russia for not wanting sanctions to be lifted . 
  they want a kurdish state or some kind of autonomy first and foremost . 
  their non-secularism is overshadowed by their nationalism kinda like for kdp in iraqi kurdistan . 
  the ones who care more for islam or religion as a whole than they do for kurdish nationalism vote mostly akp already, 
  i 'm anti nato and i 'm not pro russia . 
  for many , being anti-nato simply means being for an alternative rather than being the usa 's puppets in foreign politics . 
  one of these alternatives is the european army, 
  is n't a member of bsp ( stanishev ) the head of party of european socialists ? 
  he never seemed pro russian to me . 
  i think they made it about eu countries, 
   for all what 's worth , even though podemos is not pro-russian , they are pro-venezuela and ** pro-iran ** . 
  reminds me of m5s in italy, 
  m5s is n't that pro russia either . 
  the only thing i am sure of when it comes to their foreign policy is that they are against israel and saudi arabia and pro iran but i have never heard them praise putin . 
  at most , they need some kind of asterisk next to them . 
  forza italia is probably more pro-russian than any other party except lega nord . 
  the democratic party is the most pro-eu and pro-nato of the three main italian parties . 
  i have never noticed a pro-russian element inside them . 
  in fact , the rule in italy is that the further right you go the more pro-russian it gets . 
  syriza are n't pro russian either . 
  as if leaving the eu was a good thing ... ... ... by the way , uk 's strong economic growth is mostly a result of blair 's and brown 's reforms as is low unemployment . 
  conservatives are putting several of the last remnants of the once brilliant british welfare state under attack with their liberal policies ... ... ... 
  fair enough , a more kitschy or dare i say donald trump-esque version of art deco, 
  yep . 
  islamist parties get around 15-17 % of votes in iraqi kurdistan and kdp itself is fairly conservative/traditionalist ( probably about as conservative as the akp in turkey is , maybe slighly less so ) . 
  by the way , kurds are n't a single bloc . 
  places like sulemaniyah , kirkuk , qamishli , afrin , ecc . 
  are more secularist than places such as dohuk , erbil , ecc . 
  not surprising . 
  one of the main reasons why hdp should be supported is because they are a secular , left wing and kurdish nationalist party which represents voters who might otherwise turn to an islamist party of some kind ( it 's not a wonder that akp are hdp 's main competitor ), 
  hdp is secular . 
  its voters are not . 
  it 's better for those voters to be represented by hdp than it is to be represented by a more right wing party, 
  i think it happens every time a president gets elected and it 's kinda logical given how close uk and usa are, 
  stalinisky empire was a cheap version of art deco but it was still grand and had a spectacular feeling to it, 
  how will they be replaced ? 
  postmodern architecture ? 
  or something that fits the older buildings in the city center better ? 
  seems about the only good thing conservatives have done since they got elected into office, 
   while corbyn is criticized by the ` electable moderates ' of his party for being too eurosceptic that 's about the only good point the moderate wing of the labour party makes . 
  corbyn is excessively eurosceptic when compared to his electoral base . 
   a lot of us campuses has bought into some strange left wing authoritarian ideology where the white male is the main antagonist of everyone else in society , and somehow manages to oppress everyone . 
  they work from a class system based around gender , race and religion and somehow manage to find that everyone else , not themselves , are racist . 
  well , we are speaking of europe and there 's no such thing . 
  these people are particularly dangerous for me from how you describe them but even more because they seem to provide an excuse to the far right to do what they do best . 
  try to create a divide in society and try to play some kind of white nationalism and supremacism . 
   the left is marginalised in many places because they have retreated to a localism that is afraid of global developments . 
  i disagree with this . 
  the left has lost because it 's been ( partly wrongly and partly noy ) accused of not caring enough for localism and speeding up globalization . 
  the left needs to find a workable answer to globalization and to reduce its negative effects . 
  it needs to make globalization easier to cope with and more sustainable . 
  it 's succeeded only partly . 
   bremen is traditionally one of the poorest regions in germany , still in the 60 's 90 % + turned out to vote , today it 's 50 % . 
  merkel or gabriel or renzi can not carry social change to your door . 
  if people want representation they need to go out , change their local governments and improve their communities . 
  it 's not going to be dictated top down . 
  and electing clowns or worse bigots at the federal level to spite everybody is not a solution . 
  that 's true . 
  i agree 100 % , unfortunately the younger generations ( mine included ) seem to take everything for granted . 
  the problem is a social one , people go days without hearing actual news , go days without hearing anything about politics , ecc . 
  that 's because they have became apathetic and do n't understand that their rights must be defended through politics . 
  although grassroots organizations can work ( bernie sanders ' campaign , podemos , momentum , pirates , ecc . 
  ; by the way it 's not a surprise that these political movements all run to the left of nowadays `` social democratic parties '' ) they can take the wrong way just as often ( five star movement : they had all the ingredients to be my party ; their platform is progressive , environmentalist , ecc . 
  yet they are so woefully populist and authoritarian at times that i will never vote for them ) . 
  that said , they are worth a try and are probably the last thing that can include young people into politics because established party are n't able to anymore for the most part as they simply do n't address young people . 
  read the article and there are a few good points alongside many bad ones, 
   donald trump is president because the democrats have utterly failed to listen to the concerns of the middle class . 
   while i support universal healthcare , the aca raised the insurance premiums on a lot of people who were already struggling , and they 're not necessarily getting better healthcare . 
  while it 's true that it expanded care to people in need , liberals need to understand that the people who were n't `` poor enough '' got slapped with these increases . 
  single payer is what works best for all but funnily enough , it was the republicans and the right wing of the democratic party who opposed it so much even though it 's proven to be the better ( in terms of coverage and costs ) solution . 
  by the way , hillary still won the working class by a landslide . 
  she lost votes there but that 's because trump conned enough uneducated people to believe immigrants are the source of all problems when it 's more than not been republicans which have often worked against their own rights and weakened the social mobility the usa used to be known for once upon a time . 
  you read too much right wing propaganda, 
   neo marxists / cultural marxists . 
  you made me facepalm so much . 
  if anything , the new left is the opposite of that .
