  third way politics is n't socialdemocracy . 
  it 's social liberalism , an entirely different way of doing politics . 
  exactly , our far right winger would never dare go as far as claiming the kind of horseshit trump did . 
  he set a precedent and i fear that even if he loses in 2020 , he will be replaced by someone of his mold ( the tea party or alt right kind of politicians but genuine ones unlike trump ), 
  i thought / u/abigbottleofwater meant during the election, 
  renzi wants to implement it in italy too ... ... * shudders *, 
  trump supported the iraq war after 9/11 as well . 
  more dems were opposed when compared to republicans . 
  the latter have always been the war hawks by definition ever since the vietnam war debacle led johnson and the democrats to struggle in 1968 . 
  ever since there have been clashes between forza italia and lega nord had problems between each other relating to which one of them should lead the center right , mediaset ( owned by berlusconi ) pulled the plug down on lega nord politicians , rai followed suit when it saw that lega nord support was stabilizing/going down . 
  the only channel that still gives space to lega nord politicians is mediaset 's rete 4 but that 's basically the least seen mainstream channel alongside la7, 
  what a shitty article that does n't even cover half of berlusconi 's interview . 
  later , when i have more time , i am going to post the integral version but do n't bother reading this, 
  i think nafta and ttip are the only thing he 's outright opposed without contradicting himself, 
   they do have a conservative view towards immigration honestly , not as conservative as forza italia and northern league either . 
  they rarely speak about the issue and it seems that when they do , they rarely demonize immigrants . 
  they are a weird bunch . 
  and to add to that , russia can mostly provide the usa with goods it already has in high quantity , oil and gas . 
   if you could keep us , you 'd want us . 
  neither france or britain have a credible nuclear second strike capability , which is about the biggest strategic hole you could have when confronting russia . 
  we could easily develop a nuclear system . 
  iran is doing it , north korea is doing it , if that 's required , we would be doing it . 
  aside from that , we would still try to keep good relationships with the usa , we just want to be looked at as equal partners rather than submit to your foreign policy and follow it like puppets, 
  and pence , trump 's vp , is one of the republican 's main war hawks, 
   the alt-right populism wave is split into two . 
  m5s is not extremist and somewhat progressive if the m5s is somewhat progressive and is n't nationalistic either , they do n't fit the alt right bubble they are something unique in european politics but we are just not willing to admit that . 
  they do n't know how many people would suffer from this housing bubble ? 
  they do n't know how the lack of a trade deal with eu countries is going to raise the price of goods ? 
  they do n't know that companies will be moving away from the uk and how many of their jobs will be lost ? 
  point me to an establishment figure that 's going to vote for corbyn 's labour . 
  every single media outlet is attacking corbyn let and right so much so that it is them who made him unelectable . 
  i may not like his old school politics but he 's still miles better for the working class than anyone else, 
   your point still stands , the question need to clear and there need to be a good campaign to inform voters . 
  exactly , things did n't go well in the uk because there was n't a history of referendums . 
  they went from 1 to 100 , choosing an overtly important matter as a first as well as one who nuances were out of most people 's reaches . 
  a well done referendum would have required the tory government to already present a coherent way out of the eu and to let people vote on it . 
  either stay or follow this path . 
  is n't lord rothermere establishment and elite enough ? 
  hollande will be replaced by other `` liberals '' and renzi 's and rajoy 's position is n't as shaky as it 's made out to be . 
  both still poll above their opposition and the latter has an opposition that 's even more `` liberal '' than his own government is . 
  the working class is simply being fooled by conmen . 
  it 's being blinded by divisive rhetoric pushed down their throats by people who do n't have their best interests and which are only a reactionary force with close ties to the elite . 
  history has shown in the past that when the far right comes into power , it never goes well for the working class ( although one could argue that fascism set up decent social services in the 30s and early 40s ) and that they always end up being backstabbed . 
   now if you are against brexit you are free to use that power but you need to also be prepared to lose next election and only stall if for a few years . 
  which is why i said a politician must have the balls to take the responsability for that . 
  so far , only sturgeon and farron have done it but it was kinda easy for them . 
  ukip does n't appeal to the working class except for the issue of immigration . 
  their policies are more economically liberal than tories policies . 
  their average voter is either being fooled or being blinded by a mix of xenophobia and nationalism . 
  and italy has a richer history of referendums than pretty much any other european country . 
  we legalized divorce ( 1974 ) and abortion ( 1981 ) through referendums and have had several more since , just proper referendums that people could understand and could relate about and not ones about difficult subjects like eu exit where there are difference nuances and not a binary choice, 
  according to voting stats , 63 % of those who self identified as labour voted to remain . 
  are they taking a turn on the right ? 
  i do n't see them as any different from 6 months ago, 
  no , she is n't . 
  in italy , a referendum on euro ( as an international treaty ) would be unconstitutional . 
  m5s would need 2/3rds of the chamber to vote on it so it ai n't going to happen . 
  they are n't against the eu though aside from that , they said they wanted to change the eu from inside . 
   ok . let me out it this way : it can be ignored , but that will be political suicide for those who do . 
  so yeah , technically it can be ignored . 
  technically i can dive 1000ft deep , i can tie an anchor to my foot and jump off a boat . 
  you just need politicians with balls who are capable to take a strong stand over something they care about rather than try to appease the hard right and the hard left  i 'm a europeist myself , it just does n't mean the same to me . 
  i love europe with its decentralisation and with their differences . 
  i do n't want a one-nation-europe . 
  different topic , though . 
  i do want a federalized , single nation eu with a few uniting key principles and laws ( a single tax rate , a united army , laws protecting workers and budget rules regarding how much should be spent on welfare state ) . 
  i think wanting decentralization does n't make you an europeist but just someone who wants status quo because that 's what we have at the moment  it 's currently impossible to predict what will actually happen to the eu project and it depends on many more things than just brexit or the actual way it happens . 
  brexit is certainly crucial and so are the next elections . 
  if the anti europeist forces are swiftly rejected , then we could move several inches closer . 
  labour is still the party which can help them get more rights and opportunities to try work their way up society but ukip 's rhetoric ( on immigration and eu exit ) makes the solution look simple when it is all but that . 
  when brexit will inevitably happen and we 'll see london lose part of its role as the world 's financial capital , the housing bubble burst , ecc . 
  these voters will return to the fold . 
  it actually means it can be ignored . 
  you ask people for advice and not to decide . 
  either way , as a europeist , i consider it a good thing if the uk leaves and joins the efta as one of the largest blocks to more integration would finally go missing . 
  i doubt it is anywhere near that much . 
  italy should be over 15 % yet i never heard anyone speak against jews . 
  i heard people speak against israel but that 's it and it was mostly legitimate critics . 
  why ? 
  not anymore so than several other leaders . 
  even then , it 's because a large part of the greek public is friendly with russia . 
   it just does n't work like that over here . 
  you do n't contest the result of a clear vote . 
  owen smith tried that and look at how it worked . 
  it was a consultative referendum . 
  why do people think they are entitled to choose over a referendum that was n't binding ? 
  at this point , why should electing representatives who are more prepared than them on these kind of issues matter ? 
  they ca n't afford to lose 63 % of their voters either . 
  these voters are going to be the ones who wo n't consider corbyn electable because of his extreme stances and weak opposition . 
  those 63 % urbanite voters matter as much as that 37 % most likely formed of working class . 
  but their voters did n't for the most part . 
  they are some kind of green party so they do believe in climate change . 
  they were the main force behind the march referendum against off shore fracking and drilling . 
  they want to switch to renewable energies and the environment is the one thing where they have a clear plan instead of straight up flip flopping and populism , that said , very much like usa 's greens , they have several anti vaxx and chemtrails believing members . 
  [ petra reski ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/petra_reski ) , a german journalist living in italy and greens supporter , has been one of the few non italians to give them decent press . 
  may is more liberal in the true european sense of the word than merkel is but she 's forced to pander to the right, 
  even then , she 's far from being the last . 
  taking out kasczinsky and orban , you have 24 more european countries to consider as defenders of democracy . 
  you have hollande , renzi , rutte , rajoy , tsipras , ecc . 
  and that 's just off the top of my head,
