  yup , you are right . 
  it does too little and probably too late . 
  smoke and drink outside of home . 
  drinking in pubs and bars which are found all over the city . 
  fucking in cars , parks , ecc . 
  fair enough but most people here are scared about the eventuality of eating gmos . 
  it also does n't help that gmos hurt traditional agriculture which most of italian farmers are dependent on, 
   have an openly neofascist party higher than 20-25 % '' i was talking about hungarian jobbik . 
  i said pis is only a solidly right wing party with authoritarian tendencies, 
   for us , the whole `` let your kid stay at home till he 's 30 '' says there is no drive , no ambition in life other than to be lazy mooching off ones parents , probably just playing video games all day . 
  well , for us , it 's different , it means that our parents get to help us until we find a stable well paying job that allows us to purchase a home and we help our parents when they get old and have to be looked after . 
  you are just confirming it 's about societal pressure as much as it about individualism, 
  never said it 's a good thing . 
  just telling it like it is but it usually is helping each other . 
  for example , my grandparents looked after many of their grandsons and when the time came , sons and grandsons looked after them . 
  in fact , most people have cars . 
  if you look car ownership rates , italy has the highest ones, 
  ok , you will be welcome . 
  just bring whatever the country you come from is good at, 
  it is n't , eu is an economical and political union . 
  i think that people who want the eu to be just an economical should get out and aim to get a norway like deal just like the uk is trying to . 
  funny because while education is underfunded here as well although mostly in terms of infrastructure and organization ( a fair few of the schools we have are n't seismic proof for example or do n't have basic services sometimes ) , our problem is that we have too many people wanting to be a teacher ( because it 's a secure job with a decent pay ) so much that the state can not employ all of them . 
  in result , we have a high percentages of teachers who have to move from a part to another of the country to be able to land a temporary job and that once these teachers get a permanent contract , they know their place is secure and they tend to get generally lazier and do n't get the best out of themselves, 
  white guilt is just an excuse the right and xenophobic people toss around but in italy there 's no guilt for our past role as a colony yet while there are certainly people that are unhappy about the current situation people do n't react voting in right or far right authoritarian wannabe parties . 
  that gmos tend to be unhealthy and that they should be overly regulated to protect customers ' right which i view as a pretty important thing, 
  you are right but that has to change . 
  we should stop blaming politicians ( our favourite sport alongside football ) and start doing our part . 
  tax evasion is off the roof in southern italy . 
  had a problem with my roommate recently but i have resolved it already . 
  maybe next year ... ... .  and yeah , i love the neighbourhood i live in , everytime i come back from uni i get to pass in front of [ this ] ( http://baritube.org/images/morfeoshow/chiesa_russa-8888/big/chiesa_russa_bari__1_.jpg ) which is basically 100 meters from home, 
  you generally go out and then when the date ends you go back home . 
  for sex , i think it 's pretty common to use cars , parks and generally isolated places to do that . 
  maybe if you are sure that parents wo n't be home , your home can be used too, 
  does n't seem that good . 
  here , it changes on a regional basis and the local company which awards these scholarship is rather good, 
  no , they are n't . 
  gmos should n't be allowed or should at the very least be heavily regulated to be used for medical studies only . 
  edit : [ this ] ( http://www.healthline.com/health/gmos-pros-and-cons#labeling4 ) is a good article for pros and cons of gmos . 
  i ca n't believe people believe they do no harm when they sure have negative aspects, 
  exactly . 
  canada needs to adapt to us and not us to them . 
  we can make a compromise on a few points but after all we are a market that 's made up of 28 countries and they have more to gain from having easier access to this market than we do from accessing theirs, 
  milan is expensive . 
  i live in bari . 
  that said , you can have a home for rent at a reasonable price anywhere except rome and milan, 
  i have said it elsewhere but i find it to be a mix of individualism , income/welfare and societal pressure, 
  i can do laundry but it is the only thing i avoid to do because i have the tendency to return on weekends . 
  anyway , i do n't think i will come back home after i finish uni . 
  i will most likely either settle where i live now which is not far from my parents ' or move to turin where i have family too . 
  an independent wallonia would be a mess , i think it 's better for them in that extremely unlikely scenario to be part of france . 
  an independent flanders is much more likely instead  the dividing aspect here is self serving politics on both sides that has trickled down trough a long political history . 
  self serving politics are and have been common in italy too just without the us vs them factor . 
  i guess it 's the reason why both of our political system are very unstable although things could change in italy because if the referendum on the 4th december pass , we will have a french system of voting, 
  seems good on practice given that denmark has the highest social mobility but from how i have seen it described from other people , societal pressure has quite a bit to do with it and i do n't approve of the presence of this societal pressure . 
  i think people should have the freedom to choose . 
  the ideal thing for me would be your system with southern family values and without your societal pressure to leave family making it so that the choice falls on the individual . 
  it is n't like that here . 
  everyone who applies to a certain high school gets in regardless of grades . 
  lyceums tend to be calmer than technical schools as the average student there usually tends to come out of middle school with higher grades but the latter tend to get better funding . 
  all in all , the difference between two lyceums and two technical schools is not much . 
  honestly , from how you describe the swedish system it does n't seem very egalitarian nor good as who 's better has the chance to become even better and who 's bad has no chance to catch up having the chance to be admitted only to a school that 's generally worse off in terms of standards, 
  ahah no !, 
  sharing a bridge in milan costs more than sharing a decent house here ... 
  i do n't think so . 
  take the usa for example , there 's no kind of state aid there yet the percentage of people living with their parents between 25 and 29 would be much lower than southern/eastern europe . 
  i think that the low percentage of northern europe is a mix of individualism ( which is part of your culture ) , brilliant welfare state and societal pressure, 
  i meant meters . 
  yeah , because you feel this societal pressure . 
  from how i see it , it 's usually very subtle . 
  for example , the fact that people will think you are a loser if you are 25 and with your parents is textbook societal pressure, 
  fair enough . 
  from how you explained it , this automation tax is bullshit . 
  i think that not realizing that they have to move with times is the main fault of the left ( anything left of socialdemocracy , including it ) nowadays , especially the far left . 
  they know they ca n't compete with china and they themselves do n't want wage dumping but at the same time they do n't want increased automation because it means workers will lose their job . 
  they are between a rock and a hard place  honestly i like central left . 
  i like to think of myself as very centrist but this doublefacedness in belgium has been a major turn of for me . 
  for example earlier i said we are a social democracy . 
  which is true . 
  but i 'd add an asterisk to that because we still do n't have either a `` federale kieskring '' or proper proportional representation . 
  in other words we flemish ca n't vote for wallonian politicians & vice versa & flanders has lower proportional representation . 
  changing either would take a lot of wind out of the sails of the flemish nationalists imo & i would have thought it to be a very social democratic thing to do but i do n't think i can expect the ps to push for it because again in the current climate they are favoured by this system . 
  a lot of people like me would like to see it fixed in either way . 
  fair enough , i do n't know much about belgian political system but yours is some good insight on it . 
  i think that there should be proportional federal representation but that wallonian parties have a difficult time agreeing to it for obvious reasons . 
  at the end , from what i hear of belgium i wonder if flemish nationalists are actually wrong . 
  the way it currently is , belgium as a state does n't seem to work properly because of the flemish-wallonian divide . 
  i wonder if it is n't better to let flanders be part of netherlands and wallonia part of france with bruxelles as some kind of eu ministate, 
  if my parents did it to me , i think i would have a hard time to forgive them for it . 
  it would certainly worsen our relationship, 
  i would say it 's roughly 50/50 . 
  at the uni i go to , it seems to me that 60/65 % commute and the rest lives on its own but in most northern cities it 's probably the opposite so it would kinda average out at 50/50, 
   we have considered the possibility of me moving to gothenburg ( from where i live about an hour away ) to shorten my commute to high school . 
  i 'm 17 . 
  the only real reason i do n't is because my parents do n't trust me to eat healthy , go to bed in time , wake up in time for school etc. 
  wait , you commute one hour to go to a high school ? 
  that 's pretty unusual for italian standards too . 
  most commutes are at most half a hour . 
  the exception are nautical schools , hospitality training schools and conservatories, 
  classic italian bureaucracy then ... ... ... 
  your polish flair confused me .
