  the next supreme leader is guaranteed to be more moderate because the reformists have gained a foothold in the council of imams as well . 
   wrong , iran is quite more ideologic than saudi who has acepted free market , international order and the existance of israel [ yeah , sure ... ... ... ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/26/world/middleeast/saudi-arabia-islam.html?_r=0 )  keep opposing the iranian islamic republic and try to encourage a transition to a democracy which could be a reliable partner , using both the carrot ( cooperation if they behave well and elect `` moderates '' ) and the stick ( isolating it from it 's allies , defend iraqi sovereignity , fund and help the opposition ) as for gulf countries i would cut cooperation with qatar who in fact does support aq , just keep things steady with saudi and try to make the uae a success story of `` freedom '' in the middle east . 
  i agree with your view of uae and , i would add , oman and jordan , but i would cut cooperation with both qatar and kuwait ( which is one of extremist group 's main funding sources as well ) , support the government in bahrain against the shi'a in exchange of democratic concessions and try to play the iran-saudi rivalry by switching between one and the other ( or at least threatening to do so ) keeping them both in check and pushing them towards modernization ( for example the nuclear deal has given a great boost to reformists in iran ) . 
  i do n't think we should halt relationships with saudi but i think we should give them a scare and loosen up the ties with them . 
  the difference between the groups that are financed by the house of saud and the ones financed by the iranian government is that the former has tried to spread a single ideology as a means to gain a foothold amongst the muslim population and that that ideology tends to be one of the west 's main threat at the moment while iran just funds whoever is willing to support them politically . 
  at the moment , the house of saud and the ideology it is so hell bent on spreading are more of a threat to the west than iran is at the moment . 
   there 's 15k of those , you 're just basically saying `` rich people with saudi citizenship '' it is quite large . 
  that does n't mean that every wealthy saudi citizen is part of the house of saud . 
  given that you are opposing me ( you should read my response above to understand what the west should do in the middle east ) so heavily , what would you do in the middle east ? 
  keep supporting gulf countries and saudi arabia ? 
  syriza have disappointed . 
  i 'll give you that but they are still far and away an improvement over new democracy in terms of actual corruption ( still more than was expected but not nearly as much as any other party from pasok to golden dawn ) and foreign policy . 
  tsipras is at least being vocal about changing the eu as a whole while new democracy would just follow the diktat of the rest of the center right parties . 
  they would n't . 
  they called for and tried to implement austerity in the first place . 
  either way , the greeks have to choose between different shades of austerity : tsipras will press and will always choose for the lower amount , that might make recovery slower but it will also ensure not as many people are damaged by the economical reforms slowly being put into place . 
  that does n't mean we should drop the house of saud completely . 
  we should just leverage them to start reforms . 
  if i had my way , i would n't choose a horse but just flip flop between iran and saudi arabia playing them and trying to get both countries to modernize . 
  for example , if the sanctions against iran have worked to replace the principlists with the reformists , why would n't similar threats push the house of saud to scrap wahhabism and reform much like the hashemite and the alaouite dynasties in jordan and morocco ? 
  that was a standalone attack . 
  aside from that , hezbollah has moved more and more towards being an arab nationalist party rather than an islamist one , especially ever since the moderate wing of the party is in charge . 
  aside from that , iran funds hezbollah and pmu ( which are shia , christian and sunni and not sectarian ) which are no threat to the west while saudi arabia funds hamas , al qaeda , is ( they did fund them at the beginning and members of the house of saud had close ties to them until pretty late into 2014 ) and other terrorist groups all over the middle east, 
  we just do it fine . 
  it 's in usa 's interest to keep a good relationship with our countries especially now that european countries are starting to bring up the idea of a eu military and now that russia is becoming a threat again . 
  sanctions worked when ahmadihnejad was in charge , they are slowly becoming useless now ... ... . . 
   so instead of having to send in american troops into syria to resolve that shitshow and get men killed in the process , we just get the natives to do it for us . 
  resulting in the strenghtening of terrorist forces who commit genocide on minorities and try to export their brand of terrorism to nearby countries and europe destabilizing the whole area . 
  iran is logically the best option . 
  saudi arabia is good only for shady deals , handouts and natural resources . 
  cabbies should just be phased out altogether . 
  $ 8 for 2 kms of drive is ridiculous . 
  we should just generally improve public transport instead and make it possible for uber to operate while placing taxes on them as a company and on their drivers . 
  as it is now , for a broke student , a taxi is a last resort solution when it 's the middle of the night , i 'm drunk and there 's no active public transport but the prices that are charged by them mean that i 'm more often than not tempted to walk home rather than call one, 
  it 's not like new democracy is going to do any better . 
  they will push even more austerity down the throats of greek people , they are the austerity party . 
  five years of them means that kke and the more left wing factions within syriza will become only stronger, 
  that 's sad ... ... tsipras has been one of the few leaders that 's worked actively with italy in the last few months to lift austerity or find a solution to the immigration problem . 
  new democracy will probably bring another right wing isolationism pro-germany government ( kinda like rajoy in spain ) instead of one that fights to find a solution, 
  it really is n't and it is n't like this 10-15 % is all made up of suiciders , just extremely conservative persons whose views are incompatible with western ones, 
  it 's the opposite , the right uses terrorist attacks and is happy about them because it helps them scare people , divide them further and push its agenda more and more . 
  that 's the far right for you . 
  they convince working class people they are on their side attacking whatever scapegoat is popular while actually doing nothing of note to improve the working class ' position, 
  it was an example ... ... ... 
  i am the first to be against nationalism and these parties . 
  i 'm scared by them having the chance to govern western european countries in some ways but i think the current approach of calling them names is pushing even more people towards them . 
  we must expose the far right in its hypocrisy and not just shout `` alt right !, 
  covert fascist ! '', 
   lol , funny how the far right desperately tries to rebrand themselves . 
  seriously , fuck that . 
  let 's just call them fascists , nor neo-fascists . 
  that 's what they really are , no matter how often their followers deny it and want to shout down everyone that calls them outl a few of these parties have distanced themselves enough from what they used to be, 
  we also get the `` if we legalize marijuana , hard drugs will slowly be legitimized and their use will increase '' excuse, 
  yep . 
  where i live , tomatoes are the worst but grapes and wine are soon behind . 
  grain and olive oil harvest do n't tend to be as heavy though when it comes to working conditions ( still pretty horrible ) , especially the former because it generally does n't require as much workforce because it is done more and more with specific machines eliminating the need for extremely cheap imported workers, 
  none of my post supported the far right . 
  i 'm just saying they should be addressed differently than they currently are, 
   yet unable to take any any serious effort to protect ourselves because of political correctness is one other reaction they 'd love for us to have . 
  what political correctness ? 
  we do n't take full action because saudi arabia and gulf countries are the ones funding radicalism and are at the same time one of our main allies in the middle east . 
  i guess they regret not being part of ukraine now, 
  something like 10-15 % can be considered radical here in italy so that would explain your viewpoint but then again who 's to say those polls are reliable or representative of dutch muslims . 
  if 40 % were radicals they would have funded an islamist or at the very least conservative party who would poll at 2-3 % already , yet there is n't one . 
  in belgium , there 's an [ islamist party ] ( https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/islam_\\ ( parti_politique_belge \\ ) ) ever since 2010 , yet the highest vote they got is 4 % in molenbeek ( it had to be there , of course ) in 2012 communal elections and they recently only got 0,2 % in brussels elections . 
   people can be patriotic and have love for their home country without being nationalistic . 
  that 's pretty much what i said so no need to argue with me . 
  this is how any left wing party should tackle the `` far right '' . 
  the far right support is with the working-middle class but this same far right is often just nationalistic and does n't care for welfare state . 
  that 's their weak point . 
  they seem more moderate in their claims than pretty much any other party of that kind but then again it might be because sweden 's politics do n't lend themselves to extreme claims, 
  when did she say that ? 
  it seems to me that she tries to portray herself as a defender of secularism but then again , doing one thing and saying another is a classic of populists, 
  why should terrorist attacks matter ? 
  we have had them for decades . 
  their goal is to make us changeand be hostile towards immigrants so that they can have an easier time to radicalize them . 
  then we 'll move to sweden and start being in public with you, 
  here , it 's the entirety of the italian left and parts of five star movement and democratic party which are the two largest parties in parliament . 
  it should pass but it does n't because these two parties ca n't agree on the whole matter ( especially the democratic party ), 
  i would argue it 's much more subtle now than it was back then but the same process is happening, 
   so ceta and ttp are fine but chinese access to `` free markets '' is n't ? 
  because chinese does n't allow us to access their `` free '' market . 
  foreign companies or individuals ca n't own more than 49,9 % of chinese companies and therefore it means that it 's all a one way street to china . 
  it has n't for the most part . 
  we must hijack the ones who make the things integration harder ( funding of radical mosques , intervention of governments in their diaspora 's matters , ghettoization , ecc . ), 
  and fix bugs but for the most part it 's going pretty well . 
  despite all the flak brussels has taken with its 25 % muslim population , an islamist party ( although i would argue it should n't exist at all but this is the same city where there are places like molenbeek ) tried running in the municipal elections and has gotten 0,2 % of votes . 
  that means that they represent 0,8 % of brussels ' muslims . 
  well , that pot wo n't go wasted if someone is there , right ? 
  we love marijuana here . 
  31 % of italians above 15 have smoked marijuana in the last year and yet they still ca n't legalize because of the freaking catholic church . 
  there 's a proposal in parliament which makes it possible for over 18 to carry up to 5 grams outside of home and up to 15 grams at home as well as making it possible to cultivate up to 5 plants but the upper chamber keeps blocking it . 
  the good thing is that the lower chamber has approved it, 
   it 's also interesting that you 'd consider it 's conservative to not promote minority languages `` enough '' . 
  would n't regionalism be very conservative ? 
  regionalism is n't conservative . 
  it can be anything but it kinda depends which shape it takes . 
  sardinian regionalism is almost exclusively left wing , vallee d'aoste centrist , sudtirol mostly centrist , veneto right wing , ecc . 
  221 out of 630 in the lower chamber in italy and 73 out of 315 in the uppen chamber . 
  with the new constitutional law , it would be much easier for soft drugs to be decriminalized as the upper chamber would cease existing .
