  none of them are tied to a party and none of them are mainstream and have enough of a wide reach to be compared to the daily mail . 
  the only one i know is the jacubin and they appeal to a completely different demographic ( young , left leaning and educated ) than daily mail, 
  of course . 
  the mail has become one of the largest voices for the hard right . 
  it 's basically a more institutionalized version of breitbart, 
  the great grand son of this [ man ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/harold_harmsworth,_1st_viscount_rothermere#appeasement ), 
  what i mean is that assad , saddam , ecc . 
  and other secular dictators have enforced not so secular laws pretty often . 
  they have used religion to a certain degree too and erdo seems to be doing the same . 
  akp is not islamic ( even there , the party is just as made up by mainstream liberal-conservatives as it is by islamists ) within the wider middle east context and can be compared to other authoritarian governments in the area . 
  they are n't owned by murdoch , though . 
  rothermere is possibly even worse and daily mail is further right than sky news , the sun and whatever else murdoch owns . 
  he 's as secular as other middle eastern dictators . 
  unfortunately , they control one of the western world 's most circulated papers . 
  rothermere makes murdoch look like a man with good intentions . 
   after hdp they 'll come for chp mp 's most likely . 
  and will most likely fund a kemalist puppet party . 
  in this way , erdogan will run the show in the same way as putin and pretend there 's still opposition . 
  just russia = this new party ; russian `` libdems '' = mhp, 
  the turkish version of `` first they came for ... ... . . '', 
  i just wish someone came and bought the likes of the daily mail and the express but it seems that in the uk and pretty much anywhere else in the western world where papers are n't publicly funded , right wingers have a much easier time and more of an interest in having media empires . 
  these editors are literally that right wing, 
  same here . 
  [ rothermere \\ ( daily mail owner in the 30s \\ ) was a friend of hitler and mussolini and supported fascism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/daily_mail#support_of_fascism ), 
  why do british people want politics with their gossip ? 
  and why does this kind of politics that comes with their gossip tend to be so nasty ? 
  but seriously , i do n't understand daily mail purchasers , one would think they would be a small fringe but them and the sun are the country 's main papers . 
  i enjoy mockup videos directed to my own countries . 
  this is not as much a critique ( it partly is ) as a funny and well thought sketch, 
  you must n't lose faith . 
  democracy can become a tiranny of the majority but to avoid , there 's a system of balances and checks made up of the constitution and of the constitutional court as well as the military in countries with a strong military tradition such as turkey . 
  unfortunately , it 's too late but you never know . 
  kemalists have been recently reinstated within the military , that 's probably the only hope, 
  a kurdish party could be formed against just like it happened in the past but chances are that the crackdown will only be stronger and that the 10 % bar will make it impossible for them to survive . 
  fair enough . 
  i think there could have been a one year long window or similar for non islamists to gain control . 
  they need to be more than ever . 
  even the minimal promise would be enough to shift kurdish voters if hdp is gone but former hdp voters will mostly go into apathy or start a new party . 
  they certainly wo n't be as akp friendly as in the past, 
  i retract that ... ... ... 
  most of the sub is about serious music though, 
  turkey is just going from secular republic to secular dictatorship so they 'll basically be just like other middle eastern countries soon . 
  just substitute pan-arabism with pan-turkish/neo ottomanism . 
  people will choose whether they want the constitutional changes or not . 
  and renzi 's constitutional changes do n't favour himself either . 
  actually , the new electoral law that would come in place with the senate changes risk to favour his main challengers . 
   nah , i think we 're done here . 
  you are omniscient , i am not . 
  you know what people think and would do - even in russia , before they think or do it themselves . 
  i do n't know for certain . 
  i have my own ideas which are based on reading about politics a fair bit when i have free time . 
  as well as talking with actual russians . 
  someone had estimated his support at 10-15 % . 
  i think that 's about the support any overtly islamist party had pre-erdogan ( if you consider akp of that kind which i do n't but they have absorbed that kind of voter amongst others ) . 
  gulen would have us support but us support means little when most of the country is against you . 
  he would be much weaker . 
  short term , he would have been better because it would n't have taken much for the people , whether secularists or not , to take to the streets and overthrow a government with little support like his would have been . 
  they would have even had a good chunk of the military on their side . 
  long term , he would have been dangerous though, 
  surprised at coastal tuscany being the most irreligious area . 
  aside from livorno , that area is n't even that progressive/left wing . 
  anyway , most are just nominally christian . 
  both in italy and spain , there 's a good chunk of believers who never practise their beliefs . 
  by the way , this is why many european people supported the coup ( paging / u/nakrar _ kinokume with which i recently had a discussion on a kinda similar matter ) . 
  i think that gulen would have been much weaker than erdogan as he would have all of society , including akp , against him . 
  instead , erdogan used the failed coup to make himself stronger , used the war in syria to gain hardcore nationalist votes and has now the support to do basically whatever he wants . 
  this will make them only heroes in the eyes of turkish/kurdish leftists and kurdish nationalists . 
  the lack of a democratic kurdish party will also most likely pave the way for the pkk . 
  if the chp is smart enough ( which they are n't ) , then they will work to fill this gap adopting a soft version of hdp 's views towards the kurd issue . 
  sorry , read my edit , and then answer again, 
  nationalism is exclusively ( far ) right wing nowadays save for places which are looking to be independent . 
  i think russia is the only countries where there are left wing nationalist parties but that 's because the place is full of ussr nostalgia also , even half of them supporting this total abortion ban makes them pretty right wing . 
  for a reference , none of italy 's , france 's or any other western country 's mps including the most far right ones would back such a proposal . 
  thanks, 
  the smarter ones do and they are the ones who shift the rest . 
  their mps voting en masse total abortion ban , nationalism and attempt at changing constitution in their favour . 
  there are people who think muslim : not good and for which turkey , pretty much the only middle eastern democracy , turning authoritarian would prove their point right, 
  by the way , where could this posted in reddit aside from r/politics ? 
  most funny subs do n't accept politics , i would love for someone to post it so that more americans can see it . 
  you have n't brought a single reason as to why they are not aside from telling me they are n't . 
  let 's just agree to disagree and end this . 
  cash-in-hand workers . 
   actually not , it 's calabria again . 
  it has 39,8 % employment rate while campania has 41,3 % , anyway both are percentuages to cry at if compared to the eu average of 65 % . 
  i meant , if counting the cash-in-hand workers of which calabria has a far higher share than campania by the way , that employment map is r/mapporn material, 
  ok . tell me why pis is not far right and why poland is not europe 's most right wing country . 
  if i wo n't agree with you , i 'll answer you back and we 'll just agree to disagree, 
  i was sure you could before the last week but now i 'm not so sure anymore ... ... . ( i blame the fbi ), 
  that 's very catchy . 
  i think we miss someone like him in this kind but then again , it might be because almost any journo , satire or not , is basically over fifty . 
  :( you do political satire better than us even if we have far better material for it in italy . 
  maybe make a uranium powered copy of the quran, 
  i just want to know where i am wrong , if i am . 
  i do n't claim to have convinced anyone for the meanwhile . 
  in fact , i would love to be proved wrong but no one seems to want to . 
  you are n't proving my point wrong either ( by the way , i 'm not saying that italy is more develop but a well known impartial ranking is ) . 
  by the way , to who are you referring ? 
  berlusconi ? 
  the first was in it to defend his own interests ( and was n't progressive either so it does n't prove your pont ) and basically any italian under the age of 30 loathes him while the latter is just a decent politician . 
  thanks .
