  it 's a complete different approach there . 
  we love drama . 
  anyway , there is freedom of speech here , it 's just that people tend to make a big mess of every controversial title and i think fatto quotidiano is n't really controversial most of the time . 
  you have to look at giornale and libero for that, 
  honestly , the worst have always been english tabloids such as the sun and the daily mail . 
  shame because they have brilliant newspapers as well , namely the guardian , the independent and even the telegraph, 
  it wo n't be rebuilt with modern looking glass . 
  stay assured of that . 
  aside from the 1968 belice and 1980 irpinia earthquakes ( actually that was already a mixed bag ) , italy has always tried to rebuild the city centers as they were which means that probably amatrice will be rebuilt to look like it was before just like l'aquila is and gemona/lioni/tarcento / ecc . 
  were, 
  the gist of what i said is that it would be an unpopular and costly choice . 
  you can understand more of the mentality of the average italian in [ this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4zamsc/earthquake_strikes_central_italy/d6ufr0r ) by / u/vehement _ nihilist, 
  asia is what 's really weird . 
  i do n't care about the politics of thailand and so does n't the average italian/austrian so why should it make the news over something like this, 
  i have seen english speakers say it seriously so many times that i do n't even recognize sarcasm about it anymore, 
   the political unrest in thailand wait , you actually got news of that ? 
  i have hardly heard a peep . 
  it sure sounds strange that your medias would rather report about thailand than they would about a quite touristy college city in a neighbouring country, 
  if there was , i 'd hardly ever seen it enforced . 
  anyway , it looks a sensible law until the moment you discover how costly it would be . 
  first of all , it is a large amount of buildings that would be classified as such , they would be safe to live into if it was n't for earthquakes . 
  second , adapting these buildings to modern antiseismic laws would require a large investment and would force several people to move out for god knows how much time given how late works are usually delivered here . 
  third , where would you put people that have to leave their home ? 
  where would you get the funding ? 
  do you realize italy has a much higher share of old buildings than greece does ? 
  do you realize it has 6 times as many people and therefore a much higher number of such buildings scattered in already economically struggling areas ( because the vast bulk is near or on the appennines ) ? 
   how long do people live in the in buildings the owned for decades . 
  because only with repairing but not rebuilding it for a long time , the problem is not fixed . 
  they would have lived there for a long time in several cases . 
  if they decided to move somewhere , chances are they would find a buyer anyway or that they would get used as a vacation home . 
   and maybe this sounds a bit harsh ( it is not meant ) : even when i see bigger cities , they look quite old in most parts ; maybe that 's just the building style and not the state , do n't know . 
  the problem affects also larger cities , it 's just that they are n't as likely to be hit by an earthquake . 
  the only thing that can be done is to reduce the vulnerability of these buildings through a state funded program, 
   it 's the state 's job to mark those buildings as dangerous , and not allow people to live in them . 
  no , you ca n't forbid people to live in buildings they and their families have owned for decades . 
  you can not allow 1000 years old town to empty further and to make the local economy struggle even more . 
  yours would be a drastic solution, 
  they were put on trial because they told the citizens of l'aquila to fo calm down and go back home ( something they were tasked with ) after the city had been hit for two weeks straight by smaller quakes . 
  at the end , they were absolved . 
  anglo press made a big deal out of it to make italy appear in a negative light and most of all to get clicks and fake outrage, 
  lorca i think, 
  most buildings are already being built with the possibility of earthquakes in mind , the problem is that older ones are n't being secured and given the share older buildings form , it results in a problem, 
  24 confirmed now, 
  surprised it was felt all the way to croatia, 
  most buildings in the old cities in the area date to the middle age, 
  not even l'aquila earthquake in 2009 ? 
  the area that was struck is n't the easiest to get to and is mostly made up of old houses dating to a period between the middle age and the early 20th century . 
  as you can see , [ amatrice ] ( http://www.gransassolagapark.it/fotogallery/13183_141_pngsl.jpeg ) ( the place where they invented amatriciana sauce ) is the place that was hit the hardest . 
  aside from that , it was close to the surface which made more damage . 
  we struck gold that the earthquake has n't hit a more populated area , i do n't know what would have happened had it hit ascoli piceno for example ... ... 
  by the way , it must be said that while the average wage is higher in the usa because of a lower amount of taxes , the average usa worker has to spend a fairly large amount of its wage on things like healthcare and other public services which are n't guaranteed . 
  five star movement were some kind of extreme version of the greens early on so they were left wing . 
  but now they follow whatever is popular, 
  it 's more that in france the vote is n't as polarized as on the usa . 
  there are two right wing parties to the left of le pen who have more moderate positions and will make her lose many voters . 
  would trump still have won if he ran against sanders , clinton and kasich all at once plus an eventual runoff . 
  i think things would have been different . 
  the republican alliance is a real thing . 
  if worked in the past and it has worked last year in each regional run off too . 
  left wingers will always vote for the minor of the two evils like . 
  it must be seen whether it 's the same in case of a left/far right runoff, 
  they are standing up against islamism though , just not against islam as a whole but that 's the right thing to do . 
  france has been heavily involved against terrorism both in central/northern africa and syria/iraq, 
  why not the cool left wing guy ? 
  he has as many chances as the former banker, 
  why not the cool left wing guy ? 
  he has as many chances as the former banker, 
  we 'll give them autonomy , they will calm down soon and enjoy becoming a money hole for the state just like sardinia ahahah, 
  you will magically turn those drab industrial cities into a heaven for banks, 
  we want nizza and corsica and savoia back . 
  * wan na recreate axis ? 
  they are center with a sprinkle of left, 
   i said your healthcare infrastructure is falling apart , many of you doctors want to move elsewhere because pay is low and it 's difficult/expensive to get the care you want . 
  proof ? 
  you 're basing everything out of conjectures . 
  you 're blinded by ideology , one that you probably support because you are well off and would n't see the negative effects of, 
  it is n't as effective as it should be, 
  laughing my ass off, 
  look but are n't , according to who https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_health_organization_ranking_of_health_systems_in_2000 libertarianism sickens me just as much as nationalism . 
  business go under the table because shortcuts are part of our mentality . 
  it 's just your experience but not mine or someone else 's . 
  aside from that , a high quality service for all is better than the best for half, 
  i thought he would do as every italian politician, 
  italy 's welfare is established but broken, 
  new labour is social liberal so almost centrist, 
  i think the executive and the mentality of the average italian are what 's broken, 
  he tried to pass laws like the 75 % on wealthy but got blocked, 
  the fear of large government is an all american thing and unfounded, 
  syriza is losing to minor center left parties as well, 
  hollande has been more centrist only since 2014 when ayrault resigned, 
  left wingers more so than liberals, 
  it would have lasted little because they are split on anything . 
  they 're only capable of opposition, 
  they feared about the weakening of the system of checks and balances, 
  it would n't be if they made the right reforms but they never will, 
  support for basic makes them pretty progressive aswell, 
  they are n't . 
  the italicum favoured them, 
  renzi out does n't mean no left . 
  the pd has still 30 % and with a more popular and left leaning politician they can win back votes .
