  they are n't recognized by the eu probably because they are only official languages in their respective areas , a bit like ladin in italy, 
  quite well , it has most roads and addresses if not all , it only misses pedestrian areas , even quite a few business in the main cities central areas seem to be covered . 
  if we got germans to rule italy for a decade then the country might actually work well and our economy would start improving once again , on the other hands i do n't think our politicians would do a great job in germany , they 'd probably hold a party if they managed to get rid of them . 
  probably because they are n't official languages in their country ( spain ) and they probably wo n't be in the future , so unless they get independence they wo n't manage to be amongst eu 's official languages, 
  that 's even crazier even though you managed to recover from it although you were n't able to gain the same kind of influence you had before, 
  the number of dead civilians is astonishing , especially in countries like belarus , latvia , lithuania and ukraine , it 's really shocking . 
  i am not fond of liberals either but why do you right wingers have this obsession with liberals ? 
  their economical policies may not be great but at least they moved society forward on social issues . 
  your aim is just to keep it back stopping any kind of progress while enriching those who are already rich . 
  it 's beyond me how anyone who is n't in the upper 20 % can vote for parties like tories/ukip or republicans . 
  clinton did win the popular vote and not all is said for the uk either way , the right only offers promises but will they deliver ? 
  i think you will slowly find out they wo n't ( except maybe on immigration ) . 
  looking at trump 's website , he already backpedalled on several of his promises . 
  speaking of immigration , that is the one thing the right can fix but aside from that , it 's always been shown that a right wing government , no matter its promises , has always shown decreased welfare spending and an increase in income inequality . 
  that is n't what the average voter of these parties wants . 
  in fact , the average pvv 's joe is being fooled . 
  the answer to all of this is on the left , be it radical or not , and not on the right . 
  the right can address a single problem which is that of immigration but is it worth it if it means regress in terms of civil rights and status quo in economical policy ? 
  one of these names has nothing to do with the others in terms of rhetoric and structure of the party . 
  kind of . 
  it eerily reminds me of the communist party due to how staunch , overtly obsessed and sectarian their most hardcore members can be . 
  m5s is basically a version of podemos gone wild , very wild . 
  in america , anything that is left of the republicans is liberal and republicans are as far right as swedish democrats or similar parties if not more ( religious loonies do n't help ) . 
  to americans , alexis tsipras and angela merkel would both be liberal, 
  renzi , tsipras and a whole horde of leaders are more left wing than merkel , that is if we are talking of liberals in the american sense of the word instead of the european one, 
  m5s are n't nationalistic . 
  they are simply anti establishment and populist . 
  they are more similar in their talking points to sanders than they are to trump . 
  i would have it the other way around as you . 
  for example , five star movement is so different from the others it avoids talking about immigration and treats it as a non issue . 
  it 's a party that almost voted for gay marriage until grillo himself stepped in , it 's a party that voted for marijuana legalization , a party that actually does n't shout law and order . 
  they may be anti establishment but they are catch all and are far more left leaning than anyone else . 
  it 's just as easy to point out the similarities between podemos and them than it is between ukip/pvv and them . 
  i would go as far as saying that grillo himself is the most right wing thing about m5s but aside from that , there 's very little which points in that direction ( a few members such as lombardi but that 's not enough ) . 
  they are defending the worker who has much more to lose than the captain of the industry who can just relocate to whoever he wants and still run at a profit . 
  no single market would mean that there 's a risk that whatever manifacturing is left in the uk will be decimated further, 
   many jobs do not rely on the single market . 
  some do , sure . 
  however , the majority of newly created jobs in the uk are taken by immigrants into the country . 
  it 's like a domino . 
  there will be a short but deep crisis once you go out of the single market and people , especially the already weak working class , will be affected . 
   if ukip play their cards right they could tap into labour 's northern heartlands . 
  they know some northerners would never vote tory . 
  if ukip went for economically left-wing policies combined with anti-immigration they 'd sweep the floor . 
  ukip will never go for economically left wing policies . 
  they are very much economically liberal . 
  that was the main reason alongside sovereignty why they wanted out of the eu . 
   in 1983 they got 27 % of the vote . 
  that election was a landslide for thatcher , and famously labour 's far left manifesto was dubbed `` the longest suicide note in history '' . 
  we are years from the next election and if may does n't succeed in transitioning the country , it will be labour and lib dems who benefit . 
  5 % gain from tories is enough to have a hung parliament and those votes are up in the air if economy worsens . 
  why do people not realize that without the single market many of their jobs are going away ? 
  why are they so hell bent on immigration when it 's just a bogeyman that presents little threat compared to other challenges of globalization ? 
  the working class should blame tories ( from thatcher on ) and new labour/tory-lite for their sorry state . 
  mostly left and far left wing groups coming from the self managed social centers or grassroots movements . 
  the march had started as pacific but as usual there were a couple of rotten apples who were trying to escalate things after which the police wrongly fired back . 
  this could have been avoided . 
  because the vote was n't binding but merely consultative the difference is merely there . 
  it 's been a close vote and democratically elected mps can overturn the popular vote on the matter . 
  labour is still polling at 28-30 % and they represent the post-industrial working class , especially in the north , better than anyone else . 
  it 's in the south ( london aside ) and midlands which they lost a lot of voters . 
  it did spark outrage in italy but i do n't think it should be newsworthy outside of our own country . 
  this is one of the reasons i would oppose myself tooth and nail to him . 
  trump would be a puppet president for the most part , i think he 's running to please his ego . 
  the one thing where he could have a role is social policy and enforcement of law by nominating an ultra conservative judge instead of merrick garland . 
  there was a short mention of poles and other nationalities ( patriots of each country ) being part of the wars for independence in my high school history book but never a mention of single men or women . 
  i think most italian would n't know, 
  thanks for the answer, 
  do n't think so . 
  they might not have an audience at all . 
  even priests have more compelling things to do, 
  they are few but vocal amongst the chuch . 
  i do n't think they have support amongst average people though, 
   is a war that you lost even though you had an advantage in numbers . 
  it end up with a loss but at the end the situation was the same as before the war  so now you had to seek allies . 
  france stepped to the plate and now you had 170k frenchmen , 2k cavalry , 312 cannons compared to the 70k sardinians , 4k cavarly and 90 cannons . 
  the austrians had 220k men , 22k cavalry and some 800 cannons . 
  and that ended with a victory . 
  i am grateful to france for what they did . 
  the british played a role in negotiations too . 
   seems like nice and savoie are a fair price . 
  garibaldi was pissed but the frenchmen that died for a war that was n't exactly theirs ... how about them ? 
  of course , he was . 
  nice was his hometown, 
  buttfucking too . 
  and once they do that on you , they convert you to their gender , they are like vampires . 
   the left wing is never viable , what country that is left wing is richer than the united states ? 
  that 's not true . 
  sweden , spain , france , ecc . 
  are sensibly more left wing than the usa and are in the same ballpark regarding quality of life . 
  i think it 's actually better for the middle and working class in these countries given that inequalities are lower . 
  the left wing is more than viable . 
  both roosevelts , truman and maybe even eisenhower were probably more left wing than any current us candidate and they were all presidents . 
  usa took a big step back with reaganomics . 
  [ france contributed largely too but it also blackmailed us and almost threatened our process of independence several times so that it could gain savoy and nice ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/second_italian_war_of_independence#the_peace ) . 
  french involvement was both a largely positive event and a negative one on some aspects . 
  i did n't know, 
  once they lost , the king of the two sicilies decided to welcome skanderbeg and catholic and orthodox albanians in mountainous regions of the south . 
  to this day , in the settlements that were created by them , you can still hear [ arbareshe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/arb%c3%abresh%c3%ab_people ) , an albanian dialect . 
  these towns and villages have signs in both languages and still have customs tied to their history .
