  rome 's metropolitan area is overestimated . 
  it should be rome + fiumicino + pomezia + aprilia ( which is n't included in the metropolitan area now because it was n't part of the old province ) + the castelli romani + tivoli + guidonia + monterotondo . 
  anything else would add at most 100k and is debatable, 
  i still think that assimilation work most of the time for second and third generation . 
  in fact , people tend to focus mostly on those that have n't succeeded because they are fairly noticeable and tends to adopt more extreme views and to identify with the culture they came from more than their parents . 
  that said , i respect your point of view . 
  what i do n't respect is that the afd , lega nord , ecc . 
  need to shout and go on populistic campaigns against immigration showing all their xenophobia , racism and nationalism ( after all , the first two things go hand in hand with the latter ) . 
  [ it was shoot refugees apparently . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/german-police-should-shoot-refugees-says-german-party-leader-a6844611.html ) imo even worse, 
   eh , have you heard of excommunication ? 
  both catholic church and muslim sects do it but it does n't work . 
  muslim make takfir on each other all the time . 
  if receiving takfir would mean not being muslim anymore , there would be hardly any left . 
   but them being idiots does n't mean that if you have something against immigration you 're an idiot or far right , for that matter . 
  * being against immigration ( for example , part of the cdu and the csu are against it ) does n't mean being far right * wanting to shoot immigrants or calling for it like frauke petry did means being far right * supporting a party that said such things means being far right, 
  sorry for my mistake, 
  i think immigration as a whole is a problem but increased surveillance , decreased freedom and decreased social cohesion are n't the ways to fight the problems we are facing . 
  the average legal immigrant is n't a problem from a criminal standpoint just like the average german is n't ( the average legal immigrant can come from eastern europe , latin america , eastern asia , subsaharian africa , ecc . 
  anywhere really ) . 
  of course , being in a foreign country , often without work or struggling to make ends meet puts you in a difficult situation but the majority still creates no problems . 
  what you are talking about instead is the average illegal immigrant and it 's obvious that it 's going to be a male because it 's easier for males to resist long trips such as the ones in the mediterranean and balkan routes . 
  it 's easier for males to land a job and then got the rest of the family to join him . 
  this is understandable but also a problem since it 's easier for a lone male to make wrongdoings in a country whose culture is totally different . 
  ** by the way , i agree that we must react against illegal immigration but more so because the numbers we are facing and most of all we could face are unsustainable but the rhetoric of the far right is n't the way to go and tends to dehumanize people that are doing the same thing we would do if we were in their shoes . 
  if the referendum does n't pass , we would have a chamber that 's elected with the new system and the senate which is elected with the old one . 
  these two systems are so different from one another that they would allow the existence of two different majorities and make the country politically unstable, 
  it did , at least in italy with northern league and the center right often campaigning against immigration and managing to make more restrictive laws in the mid to late 00s already making clandestine state of being a crime or setting up the current system of handling immigrants . 
  in france , i know that front national have been banging about immigration for decades already and that before them communists tried to be against immigration as well but did n't have the same electoral success . 
  in austria , you had the fpo which has always been vocal about this issue . 
  you ca n't compare political organizations to religions . 
  the former can kick people out while the latter really ca n't . 
  yours and france 's secret services partly were responsible . 
  [ here ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/italy/6321201/italian-dictator-benito-mussolini-was-recruited-by-mi5.html ) 's an article by the telegraph, 
  our food is varied . 
  it is n't only pasta and pizza and our pasta come with anything . 
  most dishes in fact do n't fucking include tomato and garlic which you seem so fixated about . 
  mussolini played it well until 1940 when he decided to join what he thought would be the winning side after paris was about to fall . 
  before that , he was like erdogan is flipping between the two sides and using this to leverage both and keep himself decisive in foreign politics . 
  as for britain , they were the ones who created the monster that was fascism ~ ~ bribing ~ ~ ehm , i mean convincing mussolini to campaign for interventionism in ww1 and leave the socialist party . 
  they kept funding him throughout the war and until the early 20s when fascism was already on the rise because they feared the socialists coming to power and because he would be symphatetic to british interests . 
   no one is condoning violence but people are scared and frustrated at what has been forced upon them and politicians are n't listening . 
  it has n't been forced upon them . 
  the majority voted for politicians which they knew would be supportive of immigration to various degrees but keep believing this was forced upon the people . 
   no one wants to see their own demographic become a minority who cares about a demographic becoming a minority ? 
  being italian does n't equal being white , i do n't care how many black , moroccan or asian people there are as long as they speak italian and take up italian culture and customs . 
   to have increased surveillance , decreased freedom and decreased social cohesion this is what the right actually wants under the pretext of protecting us from an evil . 
  during the times of communism , it was the ussr and the communist terrorist groups . 
  during the early 00s , it was al qaeda and islamic terrorism . 
  now , it is a family of immigrants . 
  several . 
  the npd members have burned refugee shelters and as far as i know they have n't been kicked out of these movements for what they have done . 
  aside from that , the use of crude languages against immigrants ( such as shooting whoever crosses the border illegally ) equals calling for violence sometimes, 
  after / u/reginleifer answer , i would say they do n't, 
  the article is deeply flawed . 
  a referendum on international treaties , so including the euro , is forbidden . 
  salvini is just lying to get up fed up voters . 
  as for five star movement , they said they would like a referendum ( and often even backtracked on it ) but have never staunchly supported the idea . 
  this reform is not as important as it seems . 
  in fact , i would say that with the new electoral system , there 's more chances of having m5s in power with a clear majority than there is if the referendum does n't succeed . 
  si/sel wants exit from euro too . 
  they got stiglitz as their counselor on economy and supported tsipras when he wanted grexit . 
  looking at the right , the same goes for brothers of italy . 
  that said , not all sel/si , m5s , fdi or ln electors want exit from euro . 
  their parties sometimes do but their economical policies are unclear . 
  one day , they want out of the euro and the day after , they want to stay . 
  the only party which seems really euroskeptical is lega nord . 
  the rest only depends on the electorate 's mood . 
  i 'm not worried . 
  by the way , it 's much easier for the m5s to go in power with a ballot system where everyone and their mothers will vote for them not to vote the left/right than it is in a system where they have to compromise with other parties , something they are not willing to do, 
  there 's 1,2 million of you now by the way . 
  50k only in turin which is more than what the total number of refugees was in 2012 . 
  most of them , in fact , does n't receive refugee status and either is kicked out of the country , emigrates to somewhere else in the eu as an illegal or stays here as an illegal trying to find someone to sponsor him to get a permit to stay in the country ( or alternatively , working poorly paid jobs and being paid under the table ) . 
  not really . 
  if the referendum fails , we have a proportional system which would benefit a fi-pd alliance . 
  aside from that , m5s and lega nord have very few points in common , the desire to abandon the euro is the only thing they agree on but even there the m5s has shown conflicting signs . 
  by the way , m5s ' closest ally is not lega nord , the party they are closest to is the italian left ( si/sel ) and they have worked kinda closely with them on several instances . 
  well , mussolini started out as a socialist before ww1 and the support for military intervention ( he was allegedly paid by the uk and france so that italy could join their side during the war ) after which he became more and more of a nationalist ( particularly after noticing there was a political hole on the far right ), 
  so , the dutches were the chinese before the chinese even came at the forefront and started copying things, 
  by definition , costa rica exists without its own military ( libya also used to during gaddafi 's time ) . 
  in the same way , italy , france , germany would do if a eu wide military would be created . 
  we need someone to entertain us and i would rather have him and not a wimpy prince which spends more time in france than he does in italy, 
  not really . 
  for example , people want schengen ( or the euro , although in southern europe that 's mostly because they see no exit out of it ) which is already a step more than single market . 
  the majority still kinda support a status quo or more integration rather making a step back . 
  already forgot . 
  it does n't seem so heated in comparison to the one within psoe but it 's a ticking time bomb . 
  i am too used to italy where people live close to their parents , 
  oh , i get it but why should pp electors abstain in lower percentages than podemos or psoe electors, 
  that 's sad . 
  is mail voting forbidden or something ? 
  anyway , at christmas , everyone 's at home here , it 's new year when people go on vacation and are out and about , 
   so uk is bad guy stopping the eu but we just forget the others that sided with the uk . 
  let 's forget them . 
   your entire argument is nonsense . 
   look forward to seeing the next country that gets all the blame now the uk 's gone . 
   the uk was one of the bad guys for federalists but only when under tories . 
  even the major government was decent in that respect . 
  cameron and thatcher though ... ... . . 
  of course , a country can exist without military .
