  the problem is still there though . 
  you still justify gd and your excuses sound very lame . 
  it 's not ok for both . 
  and you are justifying a far right group that uses fascist tactics ( such as the use of blackshirts like militias ) under the premise that they are defending locals . 
  i guess the same excuses were used in 1920 when they attacked trade unionists , workers , ecc . 
  it is n't as easy as it seems . 
  first of all , in 2011-2012 we were in the midst of the arab springs and there was optimism about the uprisings taking place in egypt , syria , ecc . 
  at first , the syrian rebels were evenly split between seculars and islamists and the latter were kept in check but things quickly spiralled out of control . 
  it took us too much to be aware of what was happening . 
  we did n't see the writing on the wall . 
  i think western countries thought regime change would be a easy job but the more the war went ahead , the more the radicals became prevalent and the more the people turned against the revolution . 
  in 2012-2013 , assad was an inch from falling but he fought back due to iran , hezbollah , pop . 
  ( especially minorities of any kind ) turning against the rebels , ecc . 
  _ _ _  i am a complete ignorant as far as inner workings of these things are concerned , but would a no-fly , demilitarized buffer along the turkish border and around aleppo be out of the realm of possibility ? 
  it should have been . 
  i know that gulenist officials within turkish military opposed any intervention in the conflict as late as 2015 but i think that much earlier on ( like 2012 or 2013 ) it would have been possible to enforce , maybe even over syria as a whole but we are n't sure what it would have led to . 
  it 's likely that the rebels would have won and another civil war between the secular and islamist factions would have started . 
  well , it was a mix of corruption ( the socialist party of the 80s is known for its corruption ) , several scandals in the early 90s , rise fo public debt due to the number of money wasted in those years , the euro not being beneficial to italy as much as it was to other countries , ecc . 
  in short , the 80s and most of the 90s were brilliant due to the reforms done in the late 60s and 70s while the 00s and 10s are terrible due to the wastes done throughout the 80s and 90s, 
  the 80s ( up until the early 90s ) were sure a brilliant decade here in italy . 
  no crisis to speak of . 
  our economy overtaking that of the uk . 
   it is a ridiculous european bureaucracy that led to this situation :( it 's the lack of preparation more than the bureaucracy . 
  we were wholly unprepared for this . 
  luckily , for the first time in years , it seems like the syrian war is about to end . 
  now , only the situation in libya needs to be settled for good, 
  to add to it . 
  for many people if more europe means more liberalism , they do n't want more europe at all . 
  a good chunk of the staunchest europeists is found on the left and with their action and blackmailing to turn our countries into liberal ones , they are not winning any support for federalism . 
  if there must ever be a united europe , it must be under the ideas of welfare state which made europe great, 
  just vote out epp because that 's what you are going to get with them as / u/anarchotech says . 
  the fact that merkel is the most decent leader inside the epp explains it all . 
  the thought of having fillon or sarkozy in charge of france makes me shudder . 
  they are terrorists . 
  as simple as that . 
  you are defending golden freaking dawn . 
  the attack from local residents started after their visit and after the visit of a group of far right parliamentarians from belgium . 
  it 's clear that golden dawn was behind the attack . 
  even if the asylum seekers had created problems , this is n't the way to handle with these problems . 
  this creates only further resentment , hatred between both sides and will lead to an escalation of problems ... 
  wilson 's administration was rather catastrofic in terms of civil rights  several historians have spotlighted consistent examples in the public record of wilson 's overtly racist policies and political appointments , such as segregationists he placed in his cabinet . 
  according to scholars , wilson believed that slavery was wrong on economic labor grounds , rather than for moral reasons . 
   cabinet heads appointed by president wilson re-segregated restrooms and cafeterias in their buildings . 
  during wilson 's presidency , the film the birth of a nation ( 1915 ) became the first motion picture to be in screened in the white house . 
  the film , while revolutionary in its cinematic technique , glorified the ku klux klan and portrayed blacks as uncouth and uncivilized . 
   a combination of the temperance movement , hatred of everything german ( including beer and saloons ) , and activism by churches and women led to ratification of an amendment to achieve prohibition in the united states . 
  maybe not most but a good chunk is from chechnya and had fought in the chechen wars and a handful of them had experience in soviet army but only a few are old enough to have done all of this . 
  it would be euscita but it would n't really sound well given that the italian `` u '' is different, 
  in fact , most people support that . 
  if the referendum was divided into several questions like the radical party wanted . 
  renzi could have had most of the things he wanted passed . 
  the shift would have really moved onto the technical aspects of the new constitution instead of `` renzi in , renzi out '', 
  chump change compared to current government wastes ... ... 
  the minority within renzi 's party wants them to be elected directly , we 'll see if they 'll have their way . 
  at the moment , it 's somewhere in between because the citizens give their preferences about their preferred senators which the regional council must then take into account . 
  exit or exitaly , i guess, 
   are people talking much about it on the street ? 
  depends on the demographic but it is being talked about a fair bit  whats turnout expected to be like ? 
  55-60 %  how are people in your social circle going to vote ? 
  ( if they are going to vote at all ) my friends at uni will mostly vote no or avoid voting at all while my parents will vote for the reform with my mother being a die hard renzi supporter ( my father is n't but he supports the reform ), 
  you are right on that . 
  it 's either him or the right gets completely dismantled . 
  lega nord plus brothers of italy have a 20 % ceiling put together and nothing more , especially if they do n't moderate their position or create a single national party ( lega nord 's stumbling block is the lack of support down south ) . 
  either way , it 's either parisi or forza italia gets wiped off to an irrelevant 3-5 % party and the far right bloc isolated from the rest . 
  i guess that would be a good outcome too . 
  to add to what / u/microcactus he 's turned the city he 's been mayor of upside down and in a good way . 
  the city prides itself in having reached 70 % of recycling at a time when nearby city naples was struggling hard with simple garbage collection as well as . 
  de luca is still loved in salerno so much so that the politician who took his place got 70 % of the votes in the municipal election . 
  he got elected four straight times ... ... ... 
  to create something moderate on the right , the quickest way is through forza italia and not on your own . 
  forza italia has some 10 % of solid support and berlusconi is declining . 
  parisi just needs for the old men to go away and for him to take their place and reform the party from within . 
  i think our education system has n't succeeded in educating most people . 
  more emphasis needs to be put on history because it 's pretty damn crucial to let us understand why today 's society is what it is, 
  i will add it up, 
  i avoided that too but i have heard boschi won . 
  i would n't call parisi conservative by the way . 
  if he is a conservative , he is the least conservative conservative ( alongside prestigiacomo ) . 
  if i had to name parisi as something , i would call him liberal . 
  either way , he 's the only decent politician left within the center right . 
  any other is either of low quality or has been destroyed by berlusconi or his legacy years ago . 
  one of the few names that have been made for an interim government in case there 'll be one is [ tito boeri ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tito_boeri ) . 
  inside renzi 's own party , it 's likely that there will be primaries for a new leader . 
  the main politicians running would be rossi ( left wing , tuscany president , trying to be some kind of italian bernie sanders ) , boschi ( social liberal , minister for reforms who wrote the constitutional change , would continue what renzi has started ) , emiliano ( he 's kinda in between the two but more on the socialdemocrat side , apulia president , he has strong support in the south ), 
  we wo n't . 
  and not with that electoral law with two different principles for chamber and senate . 
  we will have another interim government . 
  more like a fusion of greens and pirates considering that the environment is the one thing they have clear ideas about . 
  theirs is more left wing populism, 
  five star movement is n't farage 's friends . 
  in eu 's parliament , they voted the closest to gue-nl and greens so they are closer to the left wing than they are to the right . 
  the only reason they 're in the same group as ukip is because ukip gives them freedom of choice in voting . 
   boschi ( the minister who `` wrote '' the reform ) - parisi ( a conservative politician ) . 
  when has this happened ? 
  i know boschi had a debate against salvini but that 's it, 
  not at all , this is somehow something english speaking medias love to repeat but we are very far from that . 
  if renzi loses , he 'll either resign and a new interim government replaces him ( supported by the same parties as the current one or by a grand coalition ) or he carries on even if weaker . 
  nothing happens in the short run . 
  [ the various scenarios that will open after the referendum are outlined in this write up ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5doiuq/clearing_misconceptions_and_explaining_the/ ), 
  [ for anyone wanting to know more , i advice to read this write up ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5doiuq/clearing_misconceptions_and_explaining_the/ ),
