  that means declarating a war to libya when there is no reason to and things are starting to look promising also , our interventions have just repeatedly fucked up things in the past and will keep doing in the future, 
  the libyan people would have to agree with it . 
  having to deal with a strong man is one thing and another is with a democratically elected leader, 
  that explains the flow from the balkans but the flow from subsaharian africa has nothing to do with these wars and is n't temporary, 
  fair enough . 
  i mostly agree with you . 
  it sure is an interesting theory within the left though . 
  not because it is valid but because it is unique, 
  people vote ukip for nationalism and against immigration and not because they support their economical policies, 
  the telegraph has been the staunchest pro brexit newspaper . 
  they have always tried to belittle the many side effects that will come with brexit, 
  oh , i did n't know, 
  they do n't have clear economical policies yet . 
  what i find to be interesting is that they support to leave developing countries on their own so that they can develop self sufficency . 
  this means they are against relocations of industries , ecc . 
  1.9 for british women is high and would still make britain rank amongst the most fertile european countries, 
  he is n't but he kept an ambiguous position during brexit . 
  most of labour were for bremain . 
  if they have an ounce of intelligence , brexit is a big chance for them to bounce back, 
  i have to admit that his whole foreign policy is a trainwreck ( aside from falklands and british `` colonies '' ) . 
  i consider myself to be quite left wing and i would be on his bandwagon were i an uk citizen . 
  his foreign policy would probably improve once he got in a position of power . 
  ouch . 
  i could understand hezbollah as they have cleaned up their act but hamas ? 
  northern communities do n't want economical liberalism . 
  ukip would be much stronger if they abandoned their current economical policies and became a truly working class party and started promising more spending, 
  i 'm not sure if i agree . 
  the problem is that gaddafi would be most likely gone anyway . 
  he had to hire foreign mercenaries to defend him because libya never had much of a military ( he feared generals would stage a coup against him ) . 
  he did n't have people 's support outside of where he was born ( sirte ) either . 
  it was a different situation than syria where assad was still popular . 
  anyway , military intervention indirectly avoided to situation to become as bloody as syria . 
  if you notice , most of the deaths in the conflict have happened in 2011 . 
  after that , there are few . 
  the reason for intervening was france 's interest in libya 's gas fields, 
  italy and rest of eu are trying with the gna . 
  we are taking our chance . 
  we 'll see if it works, 
  foreign intervention would fuck the place even more . 
  diplomacy is the only thing that can solve this problem because the rift between the two governments is not impossible to close . 
  they will surprise especially if brexit comes before 2020 and its short term effects start to show . 
  the ageing of the population is n't a problem as long as there 's a large enough base to support it . 
  are uk greens so left wing ? 
  have n't read much about them but i though they had the average socialdemocratic ideas plus ecologist ones as seems the norm elsewhere  centre and centre left voters will flock to the lib dems depends on which leader lib dems have . 
  clegg was no different than the average tory . 
  farron seems promising, 
  they just need to wait for brexit and to see the negative effects it will have on economy . 
  that will be the moment for them to try get back a good chunk of voters . 
  not really . 
  75-100k of carefully selected immigrants ( most likely to be easily integrated and skilled ones ) wo n't be a problem . 
  i 'm talking mostly about people from the balkans because those are the ones we get here . 
  people make up 12-13 % of detainees while 3-4 % of people living in italy . 
  go check these fact yourselves . 
  the fact that we get the very worst from romania , albania and bulgaria ca n't be denied . 
  [ out of the 18091 foreign detainees , 2608 come from subsaharian africa . 
  ] ( https://www.giustizia.it/giustizia/it/mg_1_14_1.page;jsessionid=2wre6qpffp5itwtoxcer2zkk?contentid=sst1261086&amp;previsiouspage=mg_1_14 ) that is a percentage of 14,4 % while they make up 6,9 % of the whole foreign population . 
  this is a high crime rate ( even though , the most likely reason for them ending there is the lack of a permit to stay in the country ) on the whole so i was wrong but it is in fact low when comparing it to north africans who make up 13,4 % of the population and 34 % of detainees . 
  for totally different reasons though, 
  because subsaharian african are mostly christians and a christian is more easily integrated into our culture than someone from a different religion is . 
  in fact , i have noticed that there is a higher amount of subsaharian africans who tend to speak italians ( several have even went on to learn dialect ) and adopt our culture . 
  they are relatively harmless even when it comes to crime rates when compared to eastern europeans , latin americans and north africans, 
  this territories are n't safe yet . 
  a couple years and it will be practicable solution . 
  doing it now would only add fuel to fire . 
  they are n't sharing power , the nato only recognizes serraj and his government and dropped the support of haftar and the tobruk government which is instead supported by russia and egypt . 
  ukip is a single issue party that wo n't last long . 
  once they will be in a position of power , they will crumble as they are economically liberal , something their base wo n't support, 
   italy ( libya ) we were pressured to and in the end we only let them use our military bases because they were the closest to libyan territory . 
  we have intervened more heavily only since 2015 when we started working a plan which has ended with serraj government being put in place . 
  this has improved things rather than worsened them so far . 
  you really are not paying attention . 
  there are two governments at war with each other . 
  [ the internationally recognized one does n't even hold half of the territory ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/d/viewer?mid=1cigbwu1xfoxtntogt7iiz7s2c3w&amp;hl=en_us ) . 
  it 's actually lost territory to haftar and tobruk government in the last few months . 
  it barely even control its areas , it lost several places without a single fight and italian engineers have been recently kidnapped by freaking al qaeda while working in internationally recognized held territory, 
  it can not work when libya is in the midst of a civil war . 
  when the situation settles , it could be a solution ( a single city would n't but a network of small ones outside each large population center could work ), 
  it may be but there are no signs of that in a society ( japan ) which is miles ahead of us in that aspect, 
  you are right as well which is why i think we need a cap on immigration or simply to make the process to enter the country more selective ( for example making it mandatory to learn the host country 's language and culture within two years ), 
  they did n't . 
  [ ireland always had a high birth rate but after hitting a low in the mid 80s , birth rate has slowly went up ] ( http://www.irishmirror.ie/lifestyle/health/irelands-birth-rate-continues-rise-6532930 ) . 
  it 's a trend that predated immigration from outside the country . 
  immigration from middle east is temporary and due to the political unrest there but aside from iraq these countries have all manageable birth rates . 
  it 's subsaharian africa that 'll be the problem in the long run, 
  france and ireland did it as well . 
   from a culture incompatible with values upheld by your own citizens . 
  well , importing people does n't necessarily mean that they have to be from such an incompatible culture . 
  a subsaharian african 's culture is usually more compatible with our post christian culture than that of a hindu or a muslim and they are the most likely to keep coming and not middle easterners . 
  the problem is that the current economical system is unsustainable without consistent economical growth which goes hand in hand with stable or consistent population . 
   so what we should be focusing on instead is finding a different economic model that would be sustainable even if the population keeps getting older . 
  what about [ degrowth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/degrowth ) ? 
  seems an interesting theory , i do n't support it but a relatively large italian party seems to, 
   it 's more likely to get you to 1.6-1 .8 . 
  1.8 is not bad if the loss is offset by a small amount of immigration . 
  it 's not an impossible gap really, 
  i would love for someone to do the math . 
  that seems high . 
  uk has roughly 1.9 fertility rate and 200-250k immigrants and has a growing population so i think my estimates are right, 
  i guess you are right . 
  this means that technically all labour have to do is to ensure tories do n't get the majority of seats .
