  italy 's socialdemocratic party has a blairite social liberal as its leader . 
  same goes in france with valls ' faction getting stronger and stronger . 
  i think what 's happening in the uk is a good sign but i think that corbyn 's brand of left wing politics , although better than that centrist mess there used to be , is dated, 
  did n't most polls give sdp as the winner ? 
  anyway , will hdz able to form a government ? 
  they got a quite close win by the way , i find it surprising that dalmatian touristic areas are so right wing friendly, 
  i agree with you . 
  in fact , fascism and islamism are different faces of the same coin . 
  they are closer than you would think . 
  vague economical policies usually quite to the left of the political spectrum to get working class votes , social conservativeness and use of nationalism ( alt right ) / islamism to shift the discourse towards a common enemy ,, 
  giving money to marxist leninist party would be like giving money to a dead fish in the water, 
   agreed , the the biggest problem is making the islamists stay in line and respect the democratic process while also making sure hafter does n't have dictatorial ambitions . 
   anyway , while still fragile , this deal is a step forward , something i ca n't say about syria . . something i find interesting is that serraj is always depicted the man who can bring democracy to the country but what are his political ideas ? 
  does he plan to stand for elections in the future ? 
  the problem is that communist rule has weakened anything slightly to the left such as socialdemocracy . 
   revival of islam like a main social and political ideology . 
  atat\u00fcrk , mohammad reza pahlavi , nasir forced secularization , other dictators , including saddam , gaddafi , assad or boumediene , tried keep islam off politics , but it was possible only using force . 
  they strenghtened islamist parties by keeping them off of politics . 
  islamism is strong because it lends a hand to the working class and the underclass , it puts together social conservativism and leftist economics . 
  that makes it actually pretty similar to how italian fascism is born . 
  it 's a difference coin of the same medal  it is much more probable that democracy unfortunately extincts as political system also in west . 
  tunisia already is a democracy and morocco will probably slowly head the same way ( i think it 's likely it becomes a constitutional monarchy in the future ) . 
   who knows if turkey will have elections anymore under erdogan . 
  they were n't part of the spring . 
  anyway , yeah , they will have elections and we will most likely see hdp still hovering about 11-12 % , chp at 30 % , akp around 47-48 % and mhp under the 10 % threshold, 
  yep although as far as i know , far left parties are dead in the water in eastern europe at the moment . 
  i guess the time for their partial resurgence still has n't come, 
   same with china . 
  china has n't gotten to this point yet . 
  they are still effectively ruled by a dictatorship and the manifestations in hong kong show that sooner or later they will either have to make concessions ( which they already partly have ) or that shit will start hitting the far . 
  it can be compared to how europe needs a far right party scare ( as in them getting 15-20 % of the vote ) once in a while to remind us that we must never go down that route again like we did in the 30s . 
   if you remove semisecular dictators from power , there will be a violent islamist uprising . 
  that 's what happened in iraq , libya and syria . 
  a coup saved egypt from same fate . 
  not sure . 
  look at tunisia , the secularists won and ennadha had to rebrand from an islamist muslim brotherhood party to a conservative one to cope with the loss . 
  looking at egypt , morsi and mb won the presidential election quite narrowly and only because of his opponent 's close connection with the mubarak regime . 
  aside from that , from what i have been told , mb is supported in egypt ( especially by the working classes ) because of their leftist economical views and because they are set up like a charities that acts in rough neighbourhoods . 
   when the fuck will we learn that you do n't export democracy with missiles ? 
  the problem just like in iraq was that they did n't plan what was going to happen after the intervention had beaten the loyalist forces . 
  there was no plan for lybia post gaddafi . 
  if they had one , the civil war would have ended with his ousting, 
  libya was pretty much a feudal country . 
  it was n't a nation but a union of tribes kept together by the presence of a strongman at the helm . 
  libya was gaddafi during those forty years of ruling, 
   comparing to this or african average it was a paradise . 
  the problem is that it should n't be compared to subsaharian average but to countries such as morocco , tunisia , even algeria after which you would notice there were indeed problems . 
   he was on black list of western nations for so long / later he became almost our ally defending europe from migration from subsaharan africa , investing billions to italy and so on . 
  became almost bff with berlusconi ... so many things can change in international relations and geopolitics it is unbelievable . 
  so the question is who fuc.ked up . 
  nato did with another stupid intervention it 's italy who actually invested in libya and not the other way around . 
  we did infrastrcture work to repair for our colonial rule and in exchange of immigration deal . 
  in italy , the situation is usually reported more often due to how close libya is and i would say it 's reported quite well all in all . 
  libya has never been a hotbed of islamism , it appears to be quite similar to tunisia politically , maybe slightly more moderate whereas the split between secular and conservative parties seem to be larger in tunisia . 
   a united army also took over sirte from isis , now they barely hold some costal villages who are being besiege by the army . 
  the army , mostly made up of misurata brigades , is struggling though . 
  half of its men have been wounded or are now dead and that 's a large amount of losses for the government . 
   all in all libya today looks better then syria . 
  the people i spoke with , say this time everyone is determined to take it slowly . 
  write a constitution , under the un unity government , form a true army and only then hold elections . 
  i myself am more confident of libya 's future then that of syria , but we will all have to wait and see . 
  phew that was a long comment ... never wrote this much on reddit . 
  i hope now at the least , even if you disagree with me , you leave knowing more of libya then before !, 
  the problem will be to find an agreement between the tobruk government and the tripoli government . 
  that 's the main concern nowadays . 
   but that urbanisation leads to more secular-liberal culture i am pretty convinced . 
  it 's difficult to be in daily contact with a wide array of people and believe there is nothing more to life than what is prescribed by bronze or iron age texts . 
  that and a live and let live attitude is required to keep one 's sanity . 
  tehran behind the closed doors , far from the police 's eyes hosts a liberal society , yearning for western freedoms . 
  islamism has shown that it can thrive in a city as long as it is a homogeneous one ( in the same way tripoli or benghazi are ) . 
  looking at the syrian civil war , you will notice that generally the most different a place is , the least likely it is to be controlled by is or islamist rebels ( aleppo and northern aleppo countryside are an exception to the rule ) and more likely instead to be controlled by secular forces such as sdf and the government . 
   switzerland has referendums all the time . 
  if you accept the principle of referendums , it seems odd to only think they should happen every 10-12 years . 
  surely they should happen when people want them ( provided that they are about sufficiently distinct things ) . 
  i think that a referendum about a single matter ( i.e. 
  uk being or not in the eu ) should be done once about 10-12 years unless it 's formulated differently or it has a similar proposal to the one that was just rejected . 
  i did n't explain myself well . 
  i did n't know about 2011 referendums being different than the 2016 one mainly because i was n't aware of it . 
  i made my research now and i agree with you, 
  switzerland is my reference as well but i do think we should study what makes it work . 
  if there is n't a solid base , then the building will have structural problems . 
  for example , i think it tends to work more efficently on a smaller scale  however , for me this is fundamentally about trusting fellow humanity and believing that if you give people responsibility they will behave responsibly . 
  i think that one of the problem is that the medias tend to skew the perceptions of an issue often without properly reporting on it . 
  they give their twist leading people to believe in their political agenda . 
   maybe countries like uk and italy are not quite ready for that ( and indeed it seems like your upcoming referendum on changing your voting system is being delayed ... ) . 
  [ italy has a meaningful history with referendums ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/referendums_in_italy ) . 
  that 's how we made divorce and abortion legal in the 70s . 
  the radical party was a small party that had 5-6 % of the vote in the 70s yet they are the ones who started a series of referendum which revolutioned italy . 
  we had our last referendum in april about drilling in our seas and it did n't pass because it did n't reach the 50 % quorum because the side that did n't want things to change stayed at home . 
  i think quorum must be lowered to spur more people to vote . 
  the constitutional referendum is being delayed because it 's uncertain if the changes to our constitution are actually accepted by the constitutional court and because politicians ca n't agree to a date . 
  you are definitely the minority of brexiters and maybe one of the few to be coherent . 
  i am generally a supporter of direct democracy as well and i have seen that there are double standards amongst many of `` our kind '', 
  it is . 
  putting it down to a question of sovereignty is oversimplifying the matter when british people were renouncing the high number of funds they get from the eu in sectors such as agriculture or in depressed areas such as the mining towns of wales , northern ireland , ecc . 
  many brexiters support direct democracy only when it serves their purpose . 
  ask them about scotland getting another referendum or bremainers getting another referendum just like they did and see how they answer . 
  you got the referendum you wanted in 2011 already . 
  i mean , the same people who say scotland should get the independence referendum 15-20 years from now were calling for another referendum about the eu 5 years after last one . 
  that 's a mix of double standards and hypocrisy .
