  if that is n't the far right , then what is ? 
   if anything , it shows christianity evolved , while islam stagnated . 
  i generally agree with you but christianity did n't evolve on its own , it was forced to evolve through revolutions , whether violent or peaceful . 
  the turning point was the 18th century and we can consider the 21st century to be the same for the islamic world . 
  extreme islamism is on in its last legs, 
  fair enough . 
  in the fundamentals of most religions , there are problems . 
  the main problem with islam , christianity , judaism , even hinduism is that each of their holy books has different degrees of violence mixed in with religious teachings . 
  those verses which are usually interpretated as metaphors , are interpretated letter by letter instead by fundamentalist groups who claim to be ideologically pure . 
  these fundamentalist groups are at odds with modern society but in a way holy books ( on the whole ) are too . 
  it is part of the bible which is christianity 's holy book . 
  there have been several terror attacks carried by [ christian extremist militias in central africa ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_terrorism#contemporary ) . 
  obviously it is n't to the same extent but my point is that most religions can be used to commit wrongdoings, 
  ehm , there 's plenty of violence perpetrated by hindu nationalist groups in india ( [ a recent example ] ( http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/us-concerned-about-rising-intolerance-violence-in-india/article8920828.ece ) but there 's also a good older article about the rise of hindu extremism that started from the late 80s as well as [ a fairly long wikipedia article ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saffron_terror ) ) and consider that much of it is unreported . 
  as for chrisitanity , we have to thank the presence of the vatican , a kind of autority on religion which is n't present elsewhere and which has kept extremism in check . 
  that said , there are still forms of [ christian terrorism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_terrorism#contemporary ) , especially in subsaharian africa . 
  these groups used religion as much as the vatican and the crusaders did so you have point but i did n't want to defend islam but just say that any religion , including christianity , is capable of such things, 
  greece would be a good choice as well come to think of it . 
   all i can say is all economic modelling i have seen is that this will not be the case . 
  there will be some small loss per year which over the long term will be significant , but will not be noticeable to the layperson as growth will still be positive . 
  in the short term growth losses will be more noticeable but still comparable to the eurozone as uk growth was originally going to be much larger then the ez . 
  it may be . 
  if that is true , then it is n't a policy i would try to pursue . 
  can you share a few of those articles with me ? 
   i do n't agree that it 's a short-medium term problem though , this is always going to be there . 
  the more power that is delegated to the eu the worse it will get . 
  you ca n't ignore people , if they have problems you have to try and solve it or you will see what happened in the uk happen elsewhere in the eu , which is terrible for everyone . 
  even after centuries of union a large proportion of scotland wants to leave the uk for instance . 
  it never goes away . 
  i think the momentum of these parties clearly clings to the immigration problem , once immigration problem will be slowly fixed they will lose most of their voters . 
  these parties do thrive on two issues ( eu and immigrants ) . 
  more well structured parties like fn and fpo which were already well structured ( and that do have a large platform ) are the only ones that will keep faring relatively well . 
  anti eu parties wo n't cease to exist but they will take different forms, 
  except pkk usually attacked military targets . 
  mlkp and minor more extreme groups are the ones who carried terroristic attacks . 
  and if you did give kurds a democratic vote to have the autonomy they wanted for such a long time , you would n't be suffering as much . 
  i do n't support pkk and their ways because i 'm a democratic but turkey has just made things worse seeking war rather than peace . 
  the rise of far right parties like afd is a short-medium term problem that needs short-medium term solutions . 
  and what we want to happen is the uk to struggle economically to discourage voters for choosing to exit the eu . 
  if their finances services crumble and the housing bubble explodes which is what might happen if they exit fromt the single market , they will take years to recover because these two things are what the uk has relied on to have any kind of growth . 
  you have a point though, 
  and believe me , i am not , but i wanted to include something that was negative alongside positive aspects . 
  actually , the more people know about organizations which fly above the radar like ndrangheta the better because they come to know how fucked up they are . 
   they have been for some time now . 
  how ? 
  any political analyst , even a conservative , would tell you that they were n't socialists . 
  keynes saved capitalism from the increasing pressure of socialism and third way economical systems rehabilating it in front of the world . 
   what if i do n't want to ? 
  why do n't you want to ? 
  it 's a safety net . 
  do n't you fear that you may once make a wrong investment and lose all your money ? 
  do n't you have the fear of faring without having the money to pay for healthcare , education , ecc . ? 
  you are probably american ( and a republican ) because not even the most right wing european comes up with this shit ? 
  anyway , we are in a democracy , if you do n't want to , you vote for a party that wants to remove the welfare stage although i do n't think that party will get any meaningful support out of the usa, 
  kinda agree but it all comes down to what twist the religion ( or better , the holy book of this religion ) is given . 
  for example , there 's much in the way of material in the old testament for christianity to be as fucked up as islam can be . 
  the problem is that religions have been used as tools by whoever was in power more often than not . 
  the crusades which were an unwarranted bloody massacre were called on theological grounds as well as on political grounds . 
  they were used by the pope to increase and assert his influence over europe . 
  in a way , saudi arabia is doing the same financing and propagandating wahhabbism throughout the muslim world . 
  you are paying 50 % of your income to finance welfare state , a system which guarantees basic rights such as healthcare to anyone . 
  it 's as simple as that . 
  it has nothing to do with socialism . 
  are roosevelt and keynes socialists now ? 
  i said turkish because i do n't know how kurdish or alevi cities ( for example diyarbakir ) would rank . 
  yep , you are well integrated although i have noticed northern italy gets more urban romanians while we get the swamp or countryside romanians plus romas . 
  i think they cling on to turkish nationalism because they do n't feel accepted in the countries that hosted them ( whether they are right or not is another issue ) . 
  while a muslim from any other country would decide in the same situation to get closer to salafism , a turkish gets closer to nationalism and in this case to the figure of whoever is governing it . 
  as an italian , it reminds me of italo-americans in a way, 
  no offense but you make a weird choices of countries . 
  you clearly prefer good food , sun and good weather over good jobs so i like you . 
  i definitely like you . 
  we can but that would show that there are n't downsides or little in the way of downsides to whoever wants to exit . 
  instead , denying britain any kind of concessions and the crisis that would come after would strenghten pro eu parties, 
  latest news are that she was actually forced by him . 
  he was the one who shoot some of the videos apparently, 
  turin was hit a long time before the crisis . 
  it never fully recovered from the late 80s and early 90s when the industries the city based its wealth on went in crisis . 
  chiamparino and fassino tried to improve things and they succeeded to improve several areas of the city but things have n't improved in the north side ( falchera , barriera di milano , lucento , madonna di campagna and borgo vittoria which is where appendino won the most votes ) . 
  if the eu manages to attract those companies who were once in london , it can limit its losses and have some of its member countries benefitting from brexit . 
  aside from that , if the aftermath of a potential brexit is negative , eu can stop the momentum of euroskeptic right wing parties . 
  wikipedia is a dictionary as well and if you ask most people in political forums , they will agree with my definition of socialdemocracy . 
  if socialdemocracy was what you said , they would have transitioned towards socialism by now after so many years of rule in several countries but they never have because it 's not their aim . 
  merriam webster has two definitions of socialdemocracy which are : * a political movement advocating a gradual and peaceful transition from capitalism to socialism by democratic means * a democratic welfare state that incorporates both capitalist and socialist practices in reality , if you ask most political analysts , they will answer you that it is the latter while the former is democratic socialism ( which merriam webster , britannica et al. 
  wrongfully consider to be a synonim of socialdemocracy ), 
  fucked up religion - coming soon to a street near you !, 
  izmir is the most secular turkish city nowadays , i think alongside yalova but that 's a far smaller place, 
  ehm , not really . 
  socialdemocracy has established itself as a middle way between capitalism and socialism . 
  it establishes a free market with regulations and wants to create the most equal possible society within such a context . 
  roosevelt 's new deal ( and keynes ' policies as a whole ) can be seen as an example of policies the average socialdemocrat would enforece nowadays . 
  you are getting confused with democratic socialism instead . 
  edit : wikipedia agrees with me both regarding [ socialdemocracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_democracy ) and [ democratic socialism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/democratic_socialism ), 
   fatih even the name of the neighbourhood funnily hints to a conservative area, 
  nah , we have moved on to turkey now, 
  i think the current tide of conservativism is pushing secular turks to fight for their ideals more than they should usually have . 
  it 's a shame that secularism and nationalism often go hand in hand though, 
  it will never happen . 
  several countries would veto turkey 's entry . 
  the public opinion is against them and it appears the medias also actually are .
