you could say he has friends left and right, 
  wow !, 
  it 's a wonder to look at how much the continent has changed in the last 7 millenniums , this left me thinking about the kind of change which could happen in our lifetimes if the ice caps keep melting at this rate, 
  the post communist transition in most eastern european countries was dramatical , the situation started improving only after the mid 90s . 
  the few countries like slovenia , estonia or czech republic which had a relatively stable economy during that period have already managed to equal the gdp of most western european countries, 
  ah ok , something like that seems to happen almost everywhere , even here, 
  there 's a pretty marked difference between the south and - east who voted for conservative candidate duda and the north and the west who preferred moderate candidate komorowski , is that a common pattern or is it only a coincidence ? 
  it 's the right decision countries like luxembourg , ireland and , i think , the netherlands too are advantaged by their low corporate tax . 
  i mean even a historic italian company like fiat preferred to move its legal seat to the netherlands due to this and the same goes for many other multinationals . 
  no , i was n't but i really liked austria , your singer had beautiful ass and that 's all it matters but yeah she could n't sing ( i liked the rhytm of the song though ) . 
  we finished 3rd this time around !, 
  really surprised that austria and germnay got no points with probably the two of my favourite entries, 
  heroes have won two years in a row !, 
  do we europena want to be heroes ? 
  sweden has won !, 
  congrats to avicii , we can still be runner up though !, 
  maybe it 's a sign that if we could vote for us , we would n't have won, 
  italy will give 12 points albania . 
  i 'm sure of that edit : another surprise !, 
  san marino , well that 's another 12 points to us edit : fuck !, 
  we will have to invade them now !, 
  12 points to themselves ... ... ... . they wish, 
  sweden overtakes russia and we have run out of eastern european countries, 
  wow !, 
  bigger than here despite us having 3 times their popiulation and partecipating every year, 
  at this time we have no chance so i will have to root for sweden, 
  yeah especially given what their country is doing in ukraine and georgia, 
  so you are rooting for russia out of the top 3 or what ? 
  eastern european countries do n't like us :(, 
  three countries battle for the win : russia , sweden and italy, 
  turns out everyone likes lyrics . 
  were we ? 
  i do n't think so , i enjoyed both germany , estonia and sweden more than us . 
  we are winning , somehow !, 
  it was nice of malta to give us that many points, 
  and the bloc voting starts ... ... ... ... .12 to serbian and 10 to albania from montenegro, 
  i would have loved to see his reaction when azerbaijan won, 
  estonian female for me just a bit above that germany girl . 
  sending a half decent entry for once would be a step up . 
  if the groom is sicilian then expect a shitload of food , you will gain a few kilos only during that day . 
  no one , i 'm ashamed of myself , do n't even have an euro on the phone . 
  i give a moral vote to australia though . 
  i did n't know , this year 's winner of belgian idol was an italian pole dancer , it was all over the news here but he said he refuses to coem back home since our shows never gave him a chance . 
  a shithole like taranto , bradford or slough just for the laughs, 
  meh , unusual song , it is a mix of pop and lyrics , i 'm not too fond of it . 
  however they are the most known entry in the competition since their album top tenned in the usa and in several european countries, 
  ps : the albanian singer had won the voice of italy two years ago , a bit of a contradiction, 
  our time to shine is about come !, 
  this reminds of something i already heard before . 
  the difference is dramatical , goes to show hoew much corrupt politicians can hold a country back , poland 's gdp has been flying despite crisis while ukraine is in the worst period of his history due to civil war . 
  sounds like basilicata dialect , is it ? 
  anyway whoever did that is a hero, 
  same here , from sweden to greece it wa squite enjoyable , other than that just a few birght spots here and there like germany and estonia . 
  well , juncker is right for once , if orban is n't a dictator then he 's the closest thing we have to one here in the eu, 
  exactly what i was thinking , that booty deserves first place or at least the podium . 
  i 'm sure of it now , there 's nothing random to beat it now and it will surely get austria 's , netherlands and switzerland 's bloc voting, 
  germany will win this , i 'm calling it !, 
  the best entry until now . 
  hope this happens elsewhere too , according to the most recent poll 52 % of the italians supports same sex marriage , 41 % is against it and the rest is undecided , this poll dates back to 2014 . 
  by 2020 , hopefully we wo n't be discussing this, 
  one last breath sounds like a duet with uk and greece , i think it would work grexit vs brexit . 
  austria brought their a game , i 'm really liking this, 
  i guess loic really liked lorde , 
  that 's a bit of a surprise , i mean it is n't even popular here and we have been partecipating regularly for the last few years, 
  damn !, 
  for all we know the aussies might even win , i have enjoyed their entry . 
  time for the aussies !, 
  i mean why are they even here ? 
  i think sweden has the most brilliant coreography so far , decent eurodance tune too . 
  i do n't want `` heroes '' to win twice in a row . 
  uk 's entry reminds me of a old fashiobned musical . 
  really meh, 
  estonia 's female singer : 10/10 would bang her . 
  i 'm really enjoying the performance and not only because of her , they were amongst my favourites ever since the start, 
  as strange as it may seem living in a large town in apulia and then visiting a town in calabria during vacation was a huge shock for me , mostly the whole attitude of the inhabitants . 
  on the other hand visiting the north east ( actually only padova , i have never seen so much police , military in one place , i atually wonder if thatg has anything to do with the city council ) was even more of a shock, 
   brazil , argentina , and venezuela actually , most of the emigration to these countries came from the north ( especially veneto , friuli and trentino , there 's actually quite a few brazilian towns called after cities in the aforementioned areas ) , that 's the main difference between them and anglocentric countries which seemed to attract more southerners . 
  for historical reasons , before unification of italy the south and particularly the cities of naples and palermo were as developed as the northern areas but that changed when the new government started focusing exclusively on the north , the final nail in the coffin was the economic boom of the 50s and 60s which widened the gap further , during those years many southerners moved to the north looking for a better life , these meant it had to lose much of its skilled and unskilled labour . 
  this is just sad , i 'm usually quite tolerant but i think that we have to take action against those who still prefer to live a barely sedentary lifestyle and choose a criminal career to do so . 
  it seems like the only solution to prevent them from doing any of those things would be to ship them off to an islands in the middle of nowhere, 
  i like estonia , i hope they get the win , but am i the only one who thinks that belgium 's song sounds exactly like lorde 's royals ? 
  that 's as close to plagiarism as it can get . 
  from what i understand , if a party/list ( two or more parties united under a single programme and leader ) gets more than 40 % of the votes it 's guaranteed the 55 % of the seats in the parliament . 
  if none of the parties reach that percentage of the vote , there 's a second ballot between the two most voted parties/lists , the winner of which takes 55 % of the seats . 
  the rest of the seats are divided over the proportional system . 
  there 's a thresold set at 3 % for all parties . 
  italy will be divided in 100 constituencies , each of which will elect a certain number of voters . 
  i remember to have seen a graph which pointed out that a tiny part of libya would be enough to give solar energy to the whole of italy . 
  the solar potential is immense there , i wonder if there are projects to install solar panels in north africa . 
  quite common here in southern italy , they have spread all over my region lately but they are still not common as they should be . 
  anyway , i think my region , apulia , produces both the most solar and eolic power in the country so we must be doing something right . 
  maybe a cevapcici every 10 kebab shops too while they are at it . 
   italy 0,3 % wtf , this omes out of the blue , i certainly did n't expect that , something to be happy for , hope our economy keeps growing . 
   south somalia is safe and open for tourism , north is in the shitters i think it 's actually the other way around , somaliland is far safer than the south since it 's away from the main conflicts and practically works as its own country by now . 
   extra 70000 it 's about 30k since you already take in 40k every year . 
  only a minority of them ( non secularized muslims and hindus ) and these views will largely change with time , especially one the second generation comes around . 
  by the looks of it , our government is amongst the main supporter of this proposal and we wo n't even br advantaged . 
  anyway , even despite that , i fully support this idea as long as it 's meant only for asylum seekers , it 'd prevent the death of many of them and could make it easier to identify economic migrants once they come here . 
  this pope is slowly bringing the church in the 21st century , it 's not quite there yet but they 've made step forwards , now if only more countries ( inclusing mine ) started recognizing palestine ... ... ... . 
  german and a few other is recognized as an official language , bilingual signs are all over the place in the areas where secondary languages are spoken even where they are n't needed .
