  i just hope it is n't sarkozy again, 
  i did n't want to show my true colours yet , 
  but it 's just as bad and discrimination alongside xenophobic lines is included under those umbrella of crimes the un calls racial discrimination, 
  did she ? 
   italy was promised the south tyrol region if they joined the allies in wwi . 
  we were promised istria , dalmatia , rijeka and the whole coast down to montenegro but we never got it despite the area being majority italian speaking . 
  that was one for the reasons for the fascist 's rise in 1922, 
  that would explain why most campaigns by far right parties are against muslims, 
   fn was the most popular among 18-24s last time . 
  the front de gauche ( and the socialist party ) would probably be quickly behind . 
  supporting fn does n't mean automatically being against immigrants , unlike most parties of their kind they have a surprisingly large platform . 
  he had speeches when he encouraged xenophobia and even racism . 
  was saying that mexicans were thieves , rapists , ecc . 
  not a xenophobic speech ? 
  is n't wanting to raise a wall ( where there 's already one by the way ) not xenophobic too ? 
  not different from here then, 
   various statistics say that the average number of grocery trips per household is somewhere between 2 and 3 per month . 
  wow !, 
  what about things such as milk , eggs , veggies , ecc . 
  that are best when they are fresh ? 
  you take laziness to a new level, 
   italian restaurants are italian restaurants so expensive abroad ? 
  how much would a full meal cost ? 
  here , a pasta dish plus a second course ( whether it is meat or fish ) and chips or salad would cost around $ 15-16, 
   you cant expect to provide first world standards to third world refugees ( such as the pic you posted , ha ! ) . 
  it is not viable when the number of migrants is more than a million in a year , and would be an economic migrant magnet . 
  and yet this model could easily be recreated if northern african countries used the resources we gave them , especially given that labour cost is lower there  but i agree that solution is ultimately to create detention centers and refugee camps in northern africa . 
  just dont complain when they arent much better than how an average north african living standard is . 
  them being at least secure is the important part . 
  if they have average north african living standards , it 's alright . 
  they are much better than the conditions in nauru camps are . 
  the average libyan , tunisian or moroccan lives a decent life . 
  in fact , these countries can not be compared to third world countries in subsaharian countries . 
  that 's kind of you . 
  once you accept our gift , you do anything you want with it so yeah , you can recycle it as a gift for germany, 
  can speak only for italy and more specifically my region of italy . 
  diet varies greatly within a country , imagine how much it varies within the whole eu  how often do europeans eat out ? 
  italians eat out once a week on average but it depends on the demographic subset you are looking at . 
  younger people tend to eat out more often . 
  the most common place to eat out are pizzerias where you can sit , spend a couple hours and get a pizza , fries plus a drink for 10 euros or so . 
   how often do you go grocery shopping ? 
  depends . 
  singles or couples who work long hours go once a week but they are the minority . 
  most people go every 1-2 days for things like meat , eggs , veggies , fruit , ecc . 
  the big shopping is usually on fridays or saturdays but that 's because most shops are closed on sundays . 
   are frozen meals and prepared foods a thing in europe ? 
  how often do you consume them ? 
  i avoid them like the plague . 
  they exist but they are n't common at all . 
  most people who are on a run prefer preparing quick dishes on their own instead . 
  there are plenty of those dishes in italian cuisine  is it less expensive to eat healthy ( ie . 
  fresh foods ) or to eat prepared and/or fast foods ? 
  it surprisingly is . 
  * was once in a commonwealth with poland * his flag kinda reminds me that of syrian kurds * its capital and largest city is vilnius while the second largest city is kaunas with klaipeda being the country 's third largest city and its main port * they are surprisingly good at basketball * they part of the baltics with latvia and estonia * was part of the soviet union * they have a kinda high percentage of russians living there , a remnant of soviet times * vilnius and kaunas have lovely baroque historical centers * it has a large natural unesco site on its coast , the curonian split . 
  * one of their best strikers ( danilevicius ) used to play in serie a and serie b football leagues . 
  that 's it, 
   yes , this one . 
  i never said it was a good solution , the better one would be moving them to lebanon . 
  that would be worse as it would mean destrabilizing an already unstable country like lebanon even further . 
  if lebanon goes the same way as syria did , things will worsen further . 
   i am sure with this pace it end up with australian solution for migration , which imho is reasonable by the way . 
  it is n't . 
  it 'd mean that our countries should dirty their hands and commit human rights abuses just like australia has done in its camps . 
  the setting up of detention centers like the ones that have been set up in italy in the last two decades ( an example is [ mineo ] ( http://www.ilsettemezzomagazine.it/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/mineo_cara_case_immigrati.jpg ) ) in northern africa could be a good solution to take care of asylum seekers but the libyan civil war must settle down first . 
  agreed . 
  it 's hollande who 's been the main letdown to me , i thought he would change things in france but for the most part he just continued what sarkozy had started ( aside from a few attempts at the start just to to say he tried ), 
  one year it will be a muslim and the other a christian so you ca n't blame us on giving you the same surprise gift every year , 
  from a european standpoint ( rather than just an italian one ) , it is n't . 
  makes much more sense now, 
  do n't tell that to farage :d, 
  i think it was the uk which contributed the most to the solution v4 proposed, 
   i am okey with eu paying countries like idk lebanon , which is more culturally similar , to host refugees ( real refugees ) . 
  it way less expensive to host them in there than for example in denmark , so eu can even save more people this way . 
  i 'm not sure of it being a good proposal . 
  lebanon and jordan have been overwhelmed with refugees so much so there has been a risk of instability expanding to these countries, 
  more than the eu , fuck germany 's and especially france 's stance on this whole issue . 
  the french government has acted like a bunch of hypocrites pretending from the uk to take in the immigrants that were stationed at calais and at the same time closing its borders to the ones that were stationed at ventimiglia . 
  at least , germany did somewhat relieve the pressure hungary , austria et al. 
  were facing at their own borders for a short period of time . 
  and rightfully so . 
  france and germany are caring exclusively of their own problems which is immigration from syria through balkans whereas we are concerned with what 's happening in libya instead which they do n't even speak about . 
  these ads should n't even exist on public tv . 
  what were they even thinking when they did this ? 
  these are the moments where , despite being a left winger , i can understand far right parties voters, 
   look at turkey . 
  it 's the best example of a secularist country with a muslim majority we 've got , but it 's still nowhere near the level of most western nations while its social revolution happened less than a century ago . 
  to be fair , it can be looked as a good example for the muslim world . 
  the problem is that the middle east is pushing turkey towards its ways rather than the opposite . 
  that 's actually true , whenever there 's copper out in the open they are there to take it . 
  it 's more common for them to do this in scarcely populated rural areas though , especially here in the south , where there 's a high demand for copper . 
  the italian government did , starting with giolitti 's governments in the early 1900s . 
  he sponsored the creation of large manifacturing industry in southern italy but the problem is that these factories were cathedrals in the desert which were n't enough to support the booming population of the southern half of the country . 
  with globalization in the 80s and 90s , these factories went into a crisis and so did the cities that hosted ( look up at the situation in bagnoli , taranto , sulcis area , ecc . ) . 
  by the way , there is a good amount of small or middling factories in the south , it 's not like there are no factories but these factories can not thrive because of the usual reasons that have hampered the south of the country, 
   elevating the working poor , commercialization of companies to give to the people except they actually did n't . 
  both nationalsocialism and fascism did n't start the redistribution of land which rural workers , which formed the majority of the population , asked for . 
  socialism did but nationalsocialism did n't . 
  they used socialism to gain electoral consensus but in reality they did n't apply socialism but chose a third way roughly in between capitalism and socialism . 
  italian fascism kinda succeeded creating this system ( italy did have the second highest number of nationalized industry after ussr by the start of the war ) but nationalsocialists did n't . 
   animal welfare laws and introduction of national parcs this has nothing to do with socialism but more with environmentalism  it has nothing to do with far right .
