  eu is the result of an international treaty so voting on it is outlawed . 
  if people wish to go out of the eu , they should just vote for parties whose agenda is compatible with their views and there 's a fair few of them . 
  the text is pretty good and funny . 
  it 's the music which is much better in the german one . 
  it 's as catchy as it comes and is perfect to be viral . 
  yours is much better than the italian one though, 
  they are n't in regards to complex economical strategies and international treaties . 
  i mean , there 's a reason why a few countries constitutions ( such as italy 's ) outlaw referendums on international treaties or why when we tried ( believe me , we have a large history of referendums in italy ) to vote on specific economical issues most people either followed the party line or just avoided voting at all . 
  i disagree with the idea of the article . 
  referendums can be a useful tool because it gives a chance for people to choose on certain issues but at the same time but the subject must be clear and have direct consequences on the people . 
  this is why referendums work best for social issues and not economical ones . 
  the latter are more complicated and it 's harder to campaign properly about them . 
   well , i only lived in italy for a short while , but as i recall most of the papers identifed with a particular political alignment . 
  in the us , everyone claims to be impartial , but all except fox support the democratic party . 
  they identify with certain political ideas but they do n't shout `` i support the italian democratic party '' or `` i support the five star movement '' , ecc . 
  it 's just like the usa in practice . 
   but , as milton freidman famously said you think , me , a socialdemocrat , is going to agree with milton friedman of all people ? 
  a welfare state can coexist with immigration as long as this immigration is well controlled . 
  i do n't see why welfare state matters either given that it 's very limited in the usa and it 's been mostly built by democrats and not republicans trump and his kin have had a rhetoric against immigrants but against muslims and black people too . 
  the strong opposition of blm despite them having very legitimate concerns and the white nationalists who staunchly support him ( who would be legitimized as well as the whole alt right movement in case of a trump win ) are n't a positive development  berlosconi - i should have been more specific , in that i am referring to how he came to power , as an anti-corruption outsider . 
  the us population has a very low tolereance for corrupt government , more scandinavian/german than italian/spanish . 
  i get it but us politics are actually as shady as greek , italian or spanish ones from my understanding because certain practices like outright lobbying , private funding , corporate meddling , ecc . 
  are actually outlawed by our law or just not common . 
   absolutely no one knows what a trump presidency will look like . 
  i do n't think even trump does . 
  and , he is a brash new yorker who says lots of shit , without really meaning it . 
  but , we know exactly what a clinton presidency will look like : lots of scandals , lots of lying , lots of influnce peddling , lots of coverups , and very little competancy we do n't know what a clinton presidency would look like . 
  for all we know , it might very well be an obama 2.0  imo , they are both bad choices . 
  but , one is a continuation of a bad path , while the other is a chaotic force for change . 
  one is a worse continuation of a good president who brought positive change and economical recovery . 
  the other is a complete enigma that does n't look promising from any point of view . 
  thanks for the answer . 
   you have to look at this from a us context , not a european one . 
  for instance , in europe all the media has a stated political view : left , right , middle , whatever . 
  in the us , the media claims to be objective . 
  one of the things we have learned from all the email dumps is that many supposedly impartial journalists are actively working to support one candidate . 
  not in italy and a good chunk of western europe . 
  most of the medias are n't as tied to political parties as they are in the uk for example . 
  there are a few exceptions ( giornale  forza italia ) but most do n't back a party overtly even though most informed people get the gist of who they might support . 
   the wall - the us already has most of that wall built . 
  trump just says he will ( somehow ) make mexico pay for it . 
  i know but still ... ... he 's flaming the rhetoric against minorities and that does n't help an already difficult climate . 
   and , again looking at the emails , there is plenty of evidence that the clinton campaign actively worked to suppress votes for sanders in the primary . 
  that 's partly right :(  disrespecting veterans because of religion - this is probably where euroepean views are most relatable , as europe has its own internal struggle with how to handle the risk of violent islamic immigrants . 
  but most nationalistic kind of people would n't want anyone attacking a war veteran . 
  they are sacred to them , for example , the liberation of two italian marines from an indian prison after they shot at a boat of local fishers was a big debate for over a year . 
   clinton - clinton is the most establishment ( and most corrupt ) candidate we have seen in years . 
  bush !, 
   she is the subject of 5 seperate fbi investigations , currently , from deliberately ignoring rules about handling classified documents to influence peddling . 
  i do n't know who would be the equivalent in europe as famously corrupt , but think of that person , running against berlusconi ( who is pretty close to who trump is . ), 
  uhmm , the person you are thinking of is exactly berlusconi !, 
  the reason so many people were against him was because of corruption and control of most medias ( but clinton pales in comparison to berlusconi 's 25 trials and trump has his fair share of shady practices too ) . 
  berlusconi is pretty close to clinton , he 's far more moderate than trump and aside from being vaguely populistic , the two share very little from a political standpoint ( the reason they are compared to each other is their excesses in their day to day life )  the other problem clinton has is that , while experienced , it is all bad experience . 
  her signature action as secretary of state , the one she pushed the hardest personally , was the debacle in libya . 
  in 8 years as senator , she sponsored 3 bills that became law : naming a post office , creating a holiday , and renaming a road . 
  her successor , kristen gillibrand , has sponsored 68 bills that have become laws , in the same time period . 
  fair enough  to understand the election , you have to drop the assumption that everyone in the us is stupid . 
  and , ask yourself this : for trump to be the preferable candidate for president , how bad must clinton be ? 
  she 's bad but not nearly as bad as trump . 
  and choosing trump of all people as an alternative to clinton makes a part of the american electorate pretty dumb , yes !, 
  just like a part of the italian electorate was dumb for voting berlusconi several times  i draw a direct line from mitt romney to donald trump . 
  mitt romney was a competant , very honest , very moderate , technocratic republican . 
  and he was branded as literally worse than hitler in the last election . 
  so , i think , a lot of voters on the right decided that a nice candidate was n't going to get anywhere , so they back trump . 
  romney was running against obama . 
  if he ran against clinton , he would have a much easier time and would n't have been looked at in that way . 
  there are also other reasons why he 's never won such as being forced to pander to the hard right in primaries , birther conspiracy theories , ecc . 
  edit : fixed a few typos, 
   the eu pretty much forced a special prosecution unit in romania . 
  bulgaria has the same , even deeper problems with corruption why could n't they force a special prosecution unit on us in italy too ? 
  i think greece , bulgaria and italy are the three countries with the highest corruption perception . 
  which parties are the most pro-russian and which ones are the most pro-eu out of the ones who will be partecipating in the upcoming elections ? 
   he came through zdf_neo which is explicitly targeting a younger audience so kinda like a state owned version of our italia 1 ? 
  so are most of the copies unsold or at they simply purchased for the first few pages ? 
  the problem is that trump and what he stands for are scary ideas . 
  everything from him saying he would n't accept a loss to advocating for the creation of a wall to disrespecting veterans because of their religion ... ... ... would make anyone in any other country sick . 
  on the other side , you may have clinton that , as corrupt as she may be ( disclaimer : she 's been against a year long media attack and they could n't find much about funding from gulf states into the clinton foundation which is pretty much standard for any american presidential candidate ) and as incompetent as she may have been in a few past occasions ( the benghazi incident and the existence of various unprotected mails which were released by wikileaks ) , she will always be better than donald freaking trump on the premise that , at least , she 's a safe bet for democracy and for the credibility of the usa to the outside world . 
   this is what reform looks like in a 2 party system : ugly . 
  this is n't reform because reform often means trying to go forward . 
  trump simply stands for reactionary ideas . 
  sanders or johnson would have been reform in a 2 party system but not donald freaking trump . 
  [ this is like the 1991 louisiana gubernatorial election ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/louisiana_gubernatorial_election,_1991 ) ( go look it up ) : a crooked man ( edwards was as crooked as they come ) against a ultra nationalist ( a threat for society ) . 
  yeah . 
  i think not denouncing the coup was wrong as well , putin doing it immediately gave him an edge and suddenly improved his relationships with russia . 
  i am talking about papers and not about tv channels and the 2016 election is an odd one . 
  normally , aside msnbc , you would have cnn and abc giving equal coverage . 
  [ just as many big newspapers endorsed romney in 2012 as obama for example ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/newspaper_endorsements_in_the_united_states_presidential_election,_2012 ), 
  yet , the daily is towing a similar line even nowadays . 
  they are still endorsing pretty much the most right wing mainstream parties . 
  if the bnp were to be legitimized one day , i would n't be surprised if they partly campaigned for them . 
  we do n't have them in italy , the closest thing to one is a sports paper . 
  either way , i think coupling politics with gossip is an easy way for papers like the daily mail to push their political views , which seems unethical , that 's it . 
  i 'm not condemning the existence of the daily mail but the fact that the daily mail is taken seriously . 
   the guardian , the uk 's traditionally left-wing paper , the guardian is social liberal which is nowhere as far to the left as the daily mail is to the right . 
  the guardian can be easily compared to the telegraph on the right . 
  both have columnists further to the left/right but most of the paper 's writers fit in the mainstream center-left or center-right . 
  that truth is that , with the guardian being the most left wing paper ( the indy seems more left wing than them at times ) , most of the 30 % that will vote for corbyn in the next elections is unrepresented while 15 % that has voted for ukip at the last elections is overrepresented with the likes of sun , express and daily mail, 
  mhp is just as scary as akp . 
  they would n't play by the rules of democracy . 
  they are actually endorsing the presidential state erdogan wants to create already and they enjoy the mix of nationalism and authoritarianism at the moment,
