  why ? 
  i love the palace because of its peculiar architecture ( this kind of art deco is hard to come by in europe ) and because it makes for a good contrast to pomo architecture in the surroundings and it 's history already . 
  i do n't know but trump and pence have mentioned it, 
  this has little to do with usual islamism . 
  it 's more akin to christian fundamentalism in its rhetoric than it is to islamic one . 
  honestly , religion in politics freaks me out too and there 's unfortunately too much of it in italy with parties ( like partito della famiglia with its 0,5 % -1 % and which was founded against civil unions ) that are mostly made up of christian fundamentalists, 
  do n't know where you live but they absolutely are n't . 
  look at the view of parties like the bnp . 
  they may not be christian fundamentalists but in regards to social matters , they hold the same views , they only justify them differently . 
  seems more akin to a western far right group than they would be to a turkish one ( well , maybe some factions within mhp ? 
  society has been far too tolerant of religions . 
  they still hold many privileges which bend the rules of our otherwise mostly secular states . 
  if they keep opposing progress and meddling in politics , i think we should threaten them with abolishing these privileges ( which the church holds especially in countries such as greece , poland , italy , ecc . 
  but in germany too with the so called `` church tax '' ), 
  it is an issue but a minor one . 
  the republicans have said they would abolish same sex marriage and civil unions in case they won the presidential elections . 
  in any other election , it would have been a fairly major talking point but in this one , it just is n't, 
  `` reichsburger , with 100 % more nazis '', 
  that would be a good thing and i say that as a left winger who would never ever dream of voting le pen ( she 's better than sarko though ) . 
  however , i doubt she would even try with christian symbols due to the pressure from the church and the subsequent loss of votes that would result from that . 
  good on her if she keeps her word edit : there 's no reference to christians in the article, 
  are you an expat ? 
  anyway i can come handful given that i am studying to operate in the tourism field and gave visited quite a few places in my region, 
  keep going from north to south then but it 's apulia 's turn , i will advice you on a few places or i will run it myself . 
  i prefer doing things in order . 
  so , is veneto next , right ? 
  that 's an interesting definition . 
  in what sense , would you say it used islam as the glue ? 
  i would say it was tolerant of islam but it hardly ever referenced islamic ideals as something that should be followed . 
  it hardly ever took inspiration from ottomans like erdogan does . 
  you are prolly right but he was weaker and it was easier for kemalist factions of military to keep him in check and overthrow him soon after . 
  he would have had no more than 20 % support, 
   islam is peace . 
  do n't put words into my mouth, 
  except it actually is n't . 
  the christian world is coming to an end because religion rightly does n't matter anymore in western civilization but a post christian society is arising and quickly expanding through globalization . 
  we see traditions , values and customs that are part of western cultures gaining a foothold in the most unlikely places . 
  it 's slowly spreading without people noticing . 
  christianity 's battle is already partly lost and islam will follow suit even if it will take more time . 
  the only things standing in the way are countries such as saudi arabia which have no counterpart in christianity and use religion to exercise political influence and try to spread it around, 
  honestly , there would be no better way than for him to be beaten fair and square through the democratic process and then to be brought back to irrelevancy . 
  no , erdoganism is but actual turkish nationalism ( also known as kemalism ) certainly is n't based on religion but on secularism instead . 
  well , foreign policy is not left wing 's strong suit, 
  no , polls were favouring leave up until jo cox 's death when things suddenly changed according to them ( which it actually did n't ) . 
  brexit race was neck and neck at this time of the campaign with the leavers actually leading slightly . 
  can i do it for apulia next week or can i advice you on what locations to use if you run a thread on apulia sometimes ? 
  there 's still veneto, 
  it 's not a matter of islam this time but of nationalism although erdogan is mixing it with religion . 
   how come that nato and eu officials dont put him back in his place ? 
  should we keep saying `` eh , dont worry its erdogan '' until he does something very very nasty ? 
  nato officials do n't because turkey is instrumental to the usa , which is the main component of nato , in the middle east . 
  without turkey , they would n't hold the same kind of influence they currently do . 
  as for eu officials , turkey is constantly blackmailing them threatening to send syrian refugees our way ever since we signed the deal with them . 
  ending the war in syria is crucial for diminishing turkey 's influence in the political scene . 
  there 's literally no workable solution . 
  the west must keep russia in check through a decent relationship and at the same time make it possible to hold a proper referendum in those areas with both russian and ukrainian inspectors present any voting booth or in the worst case scenario , to arm ukraine 's army and help it take back the regions in control of separatists . 
  at the same time , we must try to become more independant from both russian and middle eastern gas . 
  the likelihood of a president trump are very little and that 's 20 days from the vote . 
  in the worst case , hillary will have a close win and in the best , it will be a landslide with johnson and maybe stein getting over the 5 % threshold . 
  unfortunately they are, 
  yeah , menderes could be considered an early days erdogan ... ... . . he was the one who kinda started that pogrom in istanbul in the 50s with his inflammatory speeches, 
  i think we could deal with russia effectively on our own . 
  few leaders are even close to being pro russian ( i ca n't think of any except orban and maybe , maybe tsipras ) . 
  we have actively opposed russia 's actions , one could say we were n't vocal enough but that 's because we do n't want to escalate things with russia . 
  we do n't want to go all out against them like the us does , the population at large and our leaders want some kind of compromise . 
  i 'm not supporting gulen to any extent , i 'm just saying that erdogan is so bad at times he makes me think that other just as woeful option would have been better . 
  what was he ? 
  certainly not a wahhabi nor a salafist, 
  if erdogan loves referendums so much , why not have one in kurd majority eastern anatolian regions where they have been striving for some kind of autonomy or independence for four decades . 
  a loss would actually end up discreting the kck and the hdp but i guess erdogan does n't want to take the gamble, 
   there are already voices from the moderate center and left in america saying that they should `` gift '' nato to europe and withdraw troops from the continent and shift to east asia . 
  it is n't a bad idea if you 're an american strategist , as europe 's importance is shrinking by the day and asia 's is rising . 
  it would be only a good thing for europe and the eu , especially if you support the latter . 
  it would enable to finally have a united foreign policy that 's not overly dependent on the usa and at the same time to be able to defend ourselves without being too reliant on an outside force . 
  these words have consequences . 
  turks wonder why the west are n't fond of their government and lately of their country . 
  well , this kind of statement as well as erdogan 's foreign policy are the main reasons for that . 
  turkey 's ( and usa 's but that 's another matter and has more to do with our foreign policy ) presence in nato is the reason why we should do away with it and start an european wide alliance with a european army at its core . 
  erdogan is dangerous , there are even times where i wonder if the coup , even if ran by a fucking islamist and even if it would have ended democracy ( i think most likely temporarily like the other coups did ) , would actually have been a good outcome for turkey at the end, 
  i support direct democracy but not in this moment . 
  i think we need a politically engaged and well informed population with non partisan medias . 
  we barely have any of these factors at the moment which makes pure direct democracy demagogic . 
  i think the thing where referendum really works though is independence or autonomist referendums or questions on social issues ( legalizing same sex marriage ) where there 's a clear cut question with clear cut implications . 
  they did fight is at palmyra , kuweires , qalamoun and tabqa, 
  to add to that , is would finally have a well defined enemy and we may have gotten terroristic attacks here instead of paris :( i mean , we would be the rome they are talking about all the time . 
  but seriously , everyone not in latium would be pissed off ... ... . . 
  and how to run a restaurant as well with under the table payments and all, 
  agreed . 
  i like italodance but not gabry 's music as of late ... ... 
  i do n't know why . 
  i guess he managed his post eiffel 65 life much better . 
  i think songs like i figli di pitagora , the youporn song or the current che ne sanno i duemila have helped retain his `` fame '' ( i mean , he 's the most well known italian dj after gigi d'agostino ), 
  they know they may have bombed them or something similar, 
  because blue was the colour of the house of savoy that used to rule italy . 
  it kinda stuck even after they were kicked out after ww2, 
  well , composing was what eiffel 65 were all about . 
  in fact , their dj , gabry ponte is still the most well known of the three after they parted ways, 
  they do have a french name but they are actually from turin, 
  ahahah i have seen you elsewhere by the way . 
  pretty sure you are an inter fan from r/soccer and r/calcio,
