  we have three large parties and we want to avoid coalitions but instead of keeping the same electoral system , the government has tried to reform it to create a french like system, 
  pp-ciudadanos with psoe abstention, 
  i think that the actual best thing that could be done is to possibly open as many pipelines as it is possible to belittle russia 's influence and the influence of every single transit country . 
  scandia and stockholm area are n't and the same goes for southern finland, 
   georgia is all for the referendum as long as the 260k refugees are returned to their rightful homes first . 
  that 's basically what 's required to make it possible for the vote to go through . 
  we should be more vocal on these referendums because russia called for them to happen and i am quite sure that if they are done well and not like the crimean one they would n't present a problem, 
  i worder it wrongly but what i meant is that we should make it a more widespread . 
  employee owned companies ( cooperatives ) is what any left wing party should start campaigning for after they are done with establishing basic income . 
  i doubt it . 
  tourism will go up ( it 's the field i am actually studying to enter now at uni so i hope it does ) but it will never be able to employ nearly as many people as industry will ever be capable of, 
  sounds a lot like italy 's communist parties , past and present . 
  our communists even reached 35 % in late 70s general elections and governed in pretty much any large city . 
  their strongholds ( tuscany , emilia romagna , marche and umbria ) were known to be governed well . 
  are you sure ? 
  at worst , coalition with ciudadanos and at best , what is actually happening now without psoe actually losing face, 
  except it is a completely different thing . 
  not even lega nord supports an independence referendum for padania . 
  they barely support federalism nowadays and they have changed their main talking point to immigration . 
  the two situations are uncomparable but i assume he would if there was a basis for padania to become an independent nation like catalunya has ( there are n't though since padania does n't have its own language , its own separated culture , ecc . ), 
  you are right but how you do think their voters will feel now ? 
  they should have held primaries or the third election on the 25th while campaigning differently before doing this, 
  i get it, 
  portugal has an actual far left communist party . 
  spain does n't ( just like uk with labour , france with most of front de gauche and italy with sinistra italiana ) . 
  neither podemos nor most of iu are far left and they wo n't try to spin socialdemocrats as such because some of their members ( errejon ) are socialdemocrats, 
  the only solution is a radical one . 
  making it possible for the workers of these companies to own these companies through the creation of cooperatives which would then allow them to share their profits ( according to their actual role inside these cooperatives ) while going on with automation . 
  this may sound communistic but it would n't be because we would be able to keep free market and competition . 
  a basic income is a viable solution when it 's something to fall back on but not something a a large number of people should have to live on while enterpreuners get wealthier due to large cuts on number of employees, 
  iu and podemos are first and foremost different organizations who may be allied with each other but that 's because they push similar political platforms . 
  podemos just took advantage of psoe 's weakness and towing the anti establishment line on the left ( just like ciudadanos did on the center right and center ) but they do want to govern . 
  i think it was more being anti-basque and catalan indepententism than being anti-podemos, 
  does n't look like it to me from abroad . 
  they have more of a liberal stance on pretty much any issue . 
  they seem the spanish version of fdp or libdems , maybe slighly more populistic but that 's it, 
  you , sir , are a social liberal that 's closer to the center than to the left  i vote left , and i do n't consider the furious nationalism of iglesias leftism , i 'm just angry about the far left who refuses to try to rule their countries , corbyn , iglesias , die linke , all of them in their sweet comfort zone . 
  you are right on die linke only but that 's because they have nowhere near the support that 's needed and have kinda been put in a corner by other german parties but corbyn and iglesias do want to govern . 
  there should have either been psoe 's primaries or a third election campaigning on different premises first . 
  psoe 's voters will now feel betrayed for them deciding to support 4 more years of pp . 
  by the way , if psoe wanted , a psoe-podemos-regionalists government was possible, 
  no , it would n't . 
  both podemos and ciudadanos are a breath of fresh air to stale spanish politics . 
  we got the same process in a far worse way in italy, 
  what new kind of work would be created this time ? 
  for example maintenance would still be needed but if every phase of industrial production is going to be automated , then that would be it !, 
   the argument that this is the most democratic action is absurd . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying, 
  the did promise it after the first vote as well, 
  marx was kinda right ( i know it 's dangerous saying so ) when he said that machines were slowly going to replace men and women 's work . 
  he just thought it would happen sooner than it actually would and at the same time did n't foresee the rise of keynesianism and of welfare state which kept the middle and lower classes afloat . 
  except they promised in electoral campaign that they would n't let pp form a government . 
  in the last few years , two new parties have burst into the scene . 
  the first is podemos ( left wing , kinda like sinn feinn they are a mix of socialdemocrats and democratic socialists ) who have 20-23 % of support , the other is ciudadanos ( centrist , a liberal and post-nationalist party whose main claim to fame is their stance against catalan nationalism ) who have 12-15 % of support . 
  these two parties made spanish 's electoral system uncapable of electing a government given that podemos do n't want to be in a coalition together with ciudadanos and pp ( old center right party ) and viceversa and that until now pp and psoe ( old center left party ) did n't either . 
  this meant that forming a coalition was basically impossible both after the first and second election until psoe 's leader lost the support of its party and was replaced by a new leader which , now with the consensus of the party 's parliamentarians , has decided to abstain to let pp form a government with ciudadanos, 
  no , i have said that people who have escaped from these areas after the war started ( whether they are russian , ukrainian or georgian ) should be allowed to vote too . 
  anyway , i do n't think russia would win in eastern ukraine :  the population is largely russian-speaking , although ethnic ukrainians constitute a majority ( 58.0 % ) . 
  among the minorities are native russians ( 39.1 % ) , belarusians ( 0.8 % ) , and others ( 1.4 % ) . 
  ukrainians constitute the majority in all raions except for stanytsia-luhanska raion and krasnodon raion , both of which are east of luhansk . 
   at the 2001 ukrainian national census , the ethnic groups within the donetsk oblast were : ukrainians -- 2,744,100 ( 56.9 % ) , russians -- 1,844,400 ( 38.2 % ) , pontic greeks -- 77,500 ( 1.6 % ) , belarusians -- 44,500 ( 0.9 % ) , others ( 2.3 % ) . 
  [ 9 ]  at the 2001 census , the languages spoken within the oblast were : russian -- 74.9 % , ukrainian -- 24.1 % . 
  blairism should have ended already . 
  what good is for a `` left '' party to win if it does n't even represent left wing ideals but just liberalism ? 
  i can understand supporting a similar figure ( renzi ) in italy where the left is weak but not in spain . 
  in spain 's system , democracy means trying to find a compromise between different parties to form a coalition that 's able to get the support of the majority of the parliament . 
  psoe did none of that . 
  they should have either allied with pp and try to push their proposals from inside the government or oppose pp like they had said they would do in electoral campaigns, 
  well , protesting is a democratic right . 
  psoe campaigned under the premise of never allying with pp and look what they have done , they have enabled pp to govern, 
  the dehumanization that 's going on against this people is sickening . 
  i blame the rhetoric often used by certain politicians . 
  instead of trying to find solutions and push for them in parliament , they prefer shouting xenophobic words against these people to get a chunk of voters . 
  well , i 'm not sure the referendum in ukraine would go russia 's way at all . 
  either way , i think that a heavily controlled referendum where even ethnic russians , ukrainians and georgians who have fled from these areas due to war can vote whether staying with their current country or going with russia is the best way to settle these issues and end nationalism on both sides, 
  can someone given an unbiased tldr of the situation ? 
  i think that this is n't a negative solution for the left . 
  podemos is probably secretly jumping in joy as they can steal many psoe 's and unalligned voters in the next years simply for being the only capable opposition force . 
  of course , it means 4 more years of rajoy ( which by the way is n't a good thing at all for europe given that he does n't care about anything going on outside of spain and has the charisma of an apple ) but long term it 's a good thing, 
  podemos will be jumping in joy now . 
  this shows psoe 's true colours and does nothing but lure further psoe voters to podemos because this basically leaves them as the only capable opposition force . 
  i would n't be surprised to see them at 30-32 % within two years, 
   some people are just assholes , i wo n't deny that . 
  but overall i think it 's just both sides being entrenched and not listening to each other :( ee and we are quite different on many scopes , but neither people seem to pay enough attention to that . 
  fair enough , for example , i wo n't deny that the solutions offered at first and enacted by western europe were n't good at all as they allowed many people which did n't have nothing to do with wars in iraq , syria and afghanistan to come, 
  eastern aleppo militants were offered ceasefires several times ( to allow humanitarian help and to make it possible for people to leave eastern aleppo ) , they were offered even to be moved to idlib and other rebel friendly areas after the siege got enforced but they refused and often blocked people from going to the other side of aleppo using them as human shields . 
  the truth though is that this war is one where every side is equally morally deplorable, 
  everyone lost with these sanctions except the usa but they conversely made their allies suffer . 
  what do we have to do for you ? 
  intervene militarly against russia and drag ourselves in a war when the solution can be found diplomatically ? 
  a nato intervention would only provide millions of people with further suffering . 
  the situation in both georgia and ukraine is to find an agreement with russia and hold a referendum in disputed areas with the presence of un , georgia/ukrainian and russian officials, 
  that 's probably a more accurate way of saying it, 
   stop criticising russia never said not to criticize russia but to just leave them to finish their own job in syria where they are doing nothing more than what the west has already done and is trying to do : defending his interests . 
  to add to that , they are doing all of this while backing the side that has the quickest chances of victory and the highest support  west does everything for pipeline bullshit theory i said it was one of the reasons but not that it was the main one, 
  you have resorted to euroskeptical populism yourself after attacking me to be that kind of person . 
  i do n't like how schauble handled the situation with greece but given the internal demands and pressure from the german public , he came up with a decent solution . 
  at the end , greece is paying for having lived above its means for decades . 
  for a comparison , this is like if a middle class man kept borrowing and borrowing to afford the lifestyle of a rich businessmen until his creditors call him , he realizes his mistake , finds a compromise and has to pay back like half of what he owes them in exchange of adjusting back to a lifestyle more suited to him . 
  the solution for this middle class man was either this or going bankrupt and bringing suffering both to himself and his creditors,
