  the exception is the south where moderate rebels had a strong backing from jordan until recently when they were defeated heavily at daraa and the north with kurdish groups . 
   above all finland had a serious drop in trade with russia too . 
  and surprise surprise , finland is the country that has grown the least ever since alongside greece and well , us , soon after, 
  exactly . 
  the problem is that most people sadly do n't care unless the issue is constantly brought up to them . 
  this means that our medias have an easy time pushing their narrative, 
  and yeah , the fact that no party tries to argue in favour of immigration ( even if limited or controlled ) when your population is shrinking so quickly and you could find yourself struggling economically in the future really speaks of how xenophobic eastern europeans are . 
  they will immigrate to britain but god forbid if someone immigrates to their country . 
  true : / but basically everyone does . 
  i mostly bought new ones when i could but they are expensive at times . 
  you have sdf , which are the actual moderate rebels , the southern front , which is more mixed up with secular forces prevailing , the rest of the fsa , which are islamists , the army of conquest ( al nusra and allies ) , which are wahhabis , and isis , which are even more extreme wahhabis, 
  some of it is but he is generally right . 
  we are supporting groups that are the farthest from our political ideas . 
  rebel groups are for the most part islamist nowadays with the exception of the southern front which is now inactive anyway . 
  we should support sdf or stay out of this war and not make islamists stronger . 
  looks like we have n't learnt from past mistakes, 
   msm - look , brave syrians are fighting for liberal democracy . 
  do you know ? 
  where are tens of thousands of political prisoners tortured in syria by evil dictator . 
   meanwhile in syria : actually peaceful protesters are leaving demonstrations because most of protesters were full of sectarian shit and were as far away from western values as it gets . 
  the first few days and the first year of the revolution as a whole actually protesters who wanted secularism . 
  the fsa was born to be an umbrella of moderate groups . 
  the things changed from late 2012 and early 2013 when islamic groups such as al nusra and isis hijacked the revolution . 
  after that , many secular groups were either slowly disbanded or marginalized . 
  the only place where this did n't happen was in the south because jordanian supported actually moderate groups instead of ksa , qatar and gulf countries ( both the countries themselves and their wealthy individuals ) which favoured and funded islamist groups you are generally right though, 
  yet poles and hungarian still turned to pis adn jobbik who have a tougher stance on the issue, 
  it 's a mix of both really . 
  i think that in southern italy and rural northern italy , nothing would actually change because there 's a tradition of staying with parents until marrying . 
  during this time , we usually save to be able to purchase a house when we marry, 
   fucking can also be done at home when parents are n't home , sure, 
  not really . 
  it 's becaue of cultural factors as well, 
   the mentality is also different than the one in western europe . 
  those in the west may live their entire life paying rent , not that many owning their home . 
  in the east , people are very reluctant to renting ( at least not for longer than a few years ) and will struggle to save money or work abroad to buy their own place . 
  being the owner of your home is a must . 
  that 's why over 90-95 % are owners . 
  it 's actually the same in italy . 
  the reasons i have heard from eastern europeans apply here as well . 
  people move only after getting a solid job and marrying . 
  it 's common for us to stay with parents for little costs and save what money we receive from our jobs, 
  that 's surprising . 
  america are the first in that table by a fairly high number though, 
  it 's not a question of populism . 
  it 's a question of ensuring that all 28 states as well as canada are able to benefit from the deal . 
  canada has to deal with the concerns of all 28 countries because the eu ca n't afford to leave any of them behind . 
  disagree because the eu is made to be a compromise and all 28 countries should agree on something for it to be valid . 
  doing this thing would add fuel to the fire of the euroskeptics who would start rambling about how unelected eu overrides parliaments , ecc . 
  southern italy is that low , even in its wealthiest cities such as bari and lecce . 
  northern/central italy is more towards 200-250 but it depends on the city . 
  milan and rome are the exception as they are much more expensive . 
   that economy is growing does not necessarily mean that it does improve my life . 
  i totally find bs about everything related ` economical growth ' , yeah maybe it grows but for whom ? 
  i generally tend to agree with you . 
  to what good is growth if only the elite or the upper-middle class ( professionals ) benefit from it ? 
  by the way , how is turkey 's welfare state ? 
  is it any good and is there a party which looks to northern european countries as a model ? 
  it seems to me turkish politics is secularism vs conservativism/islamism with nationalism sprinkled all over ( hdp the only non nationalist party ? 
  out of the large ones ), 
  that 's true as well . 
  a deal with china would be a nightmare because it would allow cash heavy chinese government and chinese industrials to step up the competition towards europe and even allow them to buy out any competition that 's currently struggling . 
  i bring you the example of matera , you have the so called `` furniture district '' , a large industrial area on the outskirts of the city where they make high quality furniture . 
  an italian excellence one would say and yet due to a few mistakes from the owners of these companies , they are now in crisis . 
  in the meanwhile , chinese investors had opened companies specializing in furniture with the goal of doing the same exact products at a lower price importing workers from china giving them a low wage ( $ 500-600 a month ) to work long hours often even using the `` district furniture '' brand . 
  i could go on and on about the issue but the influx of these chinese investors and workers has hurt local economy and risks making an italian excellence disappear, 
  it 's weird that there 's no direct public transport between two places 50 kms away from each other . 
  i guess it 's a sparsely populated area, 
  i do n't know why it 's that way but the party vibe is really missing . 
  there 's only three parties for halloween for example . 
  i think it is because it is 50k but only 20-25k are living in the city, 
  is n't turkey 's economy growing at decent speeds . 
  i guess compared to italy any economy is kinda good, 
  that 's good , i would still feel kinda shitty if my parents asked me directly for rent ( if i lived home ) instead than just asking for help . 
  i think it 's once against cultural differences, 
  polish girls are really beautiful , the ones i have met at least , so good choice there , 
  you are good at capitalism , just do n't bring that . 
  but seriously , tex mex , cajun and southern bbq generally look good regional cuisines and are kinda unique . 
  california wines and most microbreweries beer are pretty good too, 
  shame because the coup fucked anything . 
  could n't have come at a worse time . 
  i think that mhp , hdp , chp played into erdogan 's hands ( they could n't have done anything else though ) and ended being overshadowed by them . 
   i guess , sort of , but do people in the south really want and like to live with their parents ? 
  kind of , depends on who you are talking with . 
   it was n't comfortable spending time with friends or girls at ( their ) home ... 
  honestly , i would never consider taking my girl at home , there are other places for that . 
  i guess it 's something you got ta adapt to, 
  did n't know, 
  of course but removing trade barriers and tariffs does n't mean fucking over the strict principles that have been agreed on by 28 different countries and which make the eu a model as far as economic unions go, 
  ahaha , public transportation is hit and miss but it 's by no means as bad as we make it out to be . 
  it usually depends on the area , the denser and the more up north it is the better, 
  exactly and they do n't realize that they are actually pressured from society to do so, 
  i get it . 
  i think fearmongering from politicians does n't help, 
  of course it is . 
  it 's a mix of factors, 
  that 's understandable, 
  that 's not a concern then . 
  i think that 's how it should generally be here too . 
  i thought it was more similar to the usa where as far as i know there 's little regulation on the issue, 
  i thought erdogan was popular because of economy,
