   most of revolution have always been islamist . 
  honestly , i have n't followed the start of the revolution that closely . 
  i have became interested only later on so i base this mostly on hearsay . 
  either way , most of the military who had defected from saa at first wanted to create a secular state but things changed rather quickly  many , many people forget that protest was n't only against assad , there were many pro-assad protests . 
  of course . 
  this is wrongly overlooked . 
  i would say that assad 's support has grown after the revolution though especially amongst urban population  what does hijacked mean ? 
  al-nusra front was the most powerful unit in rebel forces from the very beginning and it 's formation began long before late 2012 . 
  fsa and al-nusra had amazing relationship from the very beginning although al-nusra has never hidden its aim to create caliphate . 
  that what seemed to be a coalition between secularists and islamists ended up being a coalition between moderate islamists ( mb ) at best and wahhabis ( jaa or al nusra ) at worst by the second year of revolution  if praising nusra , fighting side-to side with them and isis , threatening minorities are something moderate groups would do ... then i think our definition of `` moderate '' differs . 
  at first , it was created to be that way but things changed quickly  first of all , southern front also fights side to side with nusra ( feel free to find any battle they fought without heavy nusra involvement ) . 
   secondly , they are also full of various islamist groups . 
  but yeah , compared to northern rebels they are indeed moderate . 
  i have said it elsewhere but yeah , they are kinda the only place where there was still a balance between islamists ( moderate and not ) and actually secular rebels  but they are so incapable that they have hard time clearing tiny isis pocket yep  p.s daraa has always been stronghold of islamists in syria , as has been idlib and hama . 
  you are right . 
  daraa , idlib ( not even the city proper but its surroundings like binnish which is jihadi 's central ) and hama are islamist strongholds, 
  fair enough !, 
  you have a good reasoning for it , which is something i hardly ever get from people on here , anytime the discussion comes , especially from poles or hungarians as i have said ( especially the former ) . 
  maybe , you could have tried luring skilled immigrants but i guess they would have preferred going somewhere where the average wage would be higher, 
  i want to move to lund :(, 
  people went against assad but as of now the majority of people polled supports assad . 
  he is the most liked option by syrians . 
  people just have to accept it and stop this mediatic campaign against russia for doing the right thing and defending the secular legitimate government ( although a dictatorship ) from islamists even if it 's in interest to do so . 
  there are many things russia can be criticized on but not this one, 
  it would most likely would just as it happened in 2001 in afghanistan, 
  kind of , they are rebels who were against assad at first but realized he is probably the only option after the revolution was hijacked by islamists deciding to stay neutral towards him, 
  yeah , you are right . 
  for example , mussolini used an alleged attack on him by a socialist as the reason to outlaw the socialist party and soon after any party that was n't the fascist party, 
  if baltic states and poland get attacked , there 's a high chance they will call article 5 and that other countries will have to react just like it was done after the 9/11 and the whole afghanistan war, 
  good . 
  you can teach indonesian cuisine then , 
  partner with italy . 
  rightful mediterranean clay ... ... ... 
  exactly , the bolsheviks were hitler 's favourite target until he allied with them through the molotov-von ribbentrop pact, 
  you would pay only 150 as the price is 150 +150 = 300 to clarify . 
  either way , if you come i will make amatriciana or spaghetti col tonno and not carbonara cause i do n't like it ( i know it 's weird for an italian ), 
  by the way , this day was fundamental in italian politics as well . 
  in 1956 , the socialist party , who had been until then willing to work with the communist party ( they were 2nd and 3rd largest parties and held 35-38 % of voters ) , condemns the repression of hungarian protests and starts moderating his positions stopping to rely on ussr . 
  the largest union 's secretary , giuseppe di vittorio , does the same thing despite being a communist . 
  this breakup between commies and socialist ended up being important as socialist became a normal socialdemocratic party in late 60s and 70s ( forming a coalition with christian democrats and other minor parties ) , isolating the commies until the 70s ( when they dropped support to ussr ) . 
  if it was n't for this event , chances are we could have had a commie-socialist elected government between the 60s and 70s and that christian democracy would have never shifted leftwards to get socialists to become their coalition party . 
  the charms of southern italy ( by the way , given that i share , the overall price is $ 150 me + 150 roommate ) ... ... ... housing market is at its lowest ever and rent tend to be generally lower in italy because people prefer saving to purchase a home . 
  [ ever read article 5 of nato ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_atlantic_treaty#article_5 ), 
  must be trentino or veneto then, 
   ll right , if it 's confusingly-similar , perhaps there 's room for a trademark infringement lawsuit from whoever owns the original mark . 
  but that is n't a function of free trade . 
  with or without free trade -- and the eu and china do not currently have an fta -- infringement can happen , and its remedy is the same . 
  for the question of the workers , i 'd say that the same thing is true . 
  this is n't tied to a fta . 
  it 's possible that they 're in the country and working legally , in which case an italian company could have done the same thing , with or without an fta . 
  or -- and while i do n't know how italian work visa law works , i assume that this is the case -- they might be working illegally . 
  but if that 's the case , an fta or not again would n't matter ... and the remedy would be already available , to have the city validate their legal work status . 
  it 's basically the same stuff with slightly lower quality . 
  the difference is that it comes cheaper . 
  infringement can certainly happen without fta but it can be much easier with it as more and more chinese investors will be able to invest in eu countries . 
  they will continue bringing chinese workers through illegal channels and have a race to the bottom wage wise that they can easily win while holding the made in italy mark which attracts so many customers . 
  making the situation legal is n't easy either because these investors have no reason for it to be legal , they want to avoid paying taxes and giving their workers reasonable working standards and wages because their race to the bottom would n't be as effective anymore . 
  [ as for prato , which is a similar example , you can read an article from bbc here ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/business-21350013 )  an fta is no magic wand . 
  but it will tend to be a benefit . 
  i am against this fta with countries with substandards workers rights such as china and to a lesser extent your own country because it would just start a race to the bottom benefitting only the upper classes and nothing more . 
  the working class and middle class would only suffer from ftas with usa and china being signed , especially in the altter case . 
   and i do n't see rabid enthusiasm on here for a us or canada fta mirroring concern over a china fta . 
  and the eu has signed ftas with poorer bitsbof africa , so it ca n't be that horrible . 
  you never know with our governments and parliaments ... ... ... . . either way , we managed to sign good ftas with african countries because we had a much better leverage than we would ever have with china . 
  by the way , labour cost is only marginally higher in usa and canada and unions and workers tend to be a stronger force in europe as well as there being a higher tax rate . 
  if i had to choose between producing in germany and any solid red state in the usa , i would always pick the latter . 
  are you sure you lived in the same country as me ? 
  either way , it 's not that we do n't give anything to parents , it 's just that they do n't directly ask us for rent , they may ask us to help them with something that 's needed at home and that 's it . 
  at least , this is the thing i notice with most people i know, 
  oh , i have no upper floor where parents can go to but anyway home parties are common in winter here as well but they are mostly held in homes without parents or garages, 
  russia is an oligarchy which is the opposite of communism . 
  and before you say that the urss was n't communism , i would say it partly was and it just stopped at the final step of communism carrying what should have been a short temporary stage for far longer than it should . 
  urss was n't proper communism but it partly was ,, 
   syria they were invited by syria to defend the country . 
  russia ( and before ussr ) has had bases there for four decades so their claim on defending syria is as legitimate as us ' claim on defending japan would be if the latter asked us to intervene  poland , baltics , scandinavia you know what nato is for , right ? 
  if baltic states or poland are attacked , the usa and any other nato country will move swiftly to defend these countries . 
  the only countries russia could invade without there being a backlash would be belarus and well , ukraine as both countries were n't part of nato and had/have large russian minorities . 
  of course , it 's just a piece of a larger puzzle but it has ironically hit the country which were struggling the most the hardest, 
  oh , i 'd never imagine doing it but good on you :d, 
   usually those people are not fond of those who emigrate either . 
  common joke is we 'll take back our own emigrants to fill that quota . 
  pro-children policies and automation are seen as better solutions in the long run . 
  i agree but your policies do n't look like either . 
   so non-skilled migrants not speaking local language are pretty much fucked . 
  why do we need them if we do n't have openings for them ? 
  keep on crappy welfare ? 
  that welfare is better spent on young families to keep them from emigrating . 
  technically , immigrants , most of which are non skilled would be perfect because they are willing to do jobs lithuanians , italians , ecc . 
  are n't willing to . 
  either way , i am happy that you answered so throuroughly . 
  my talk was more aimed at visegrad 4 than it ever was at baltic countries but yours is a good response . 
  there reason the west has for being against assad in this war is both to curb russian influence but most of all to make the qatar-europe pipeline possible . 
  this pipeline has to run through syria to get to turkey because that 's shortest and easiest way but it is n't the only one . 
  passing through jordan , israel and cyprus is still an option , an expensive one but a much more feasible one in the three stable countries the pipeline could pass through northern africa to italy as well, 
  good thing for renzi to stand up . 
  our allies are on the wrong side of this war and are pretending from us to push for stronger sanctions with russia despite them hitting our economy even harder . 
  what matters to us is that this wars ends soon and that islamists do n't win . 
  there were good reasons for sanctions on russia for its behaviour in ukraine but they have since proved largely ineffective as they only made nationalism more popular on both sides of the fence ( both ukraine and russia ) and did n't certainly change putin 's position over the whole issue . 
  many of them were marginalized from better trained and equipped extremist groups which had a large support of more motivated and better paid foreign fighters .
