  they usually slowly bring chinese workforce ( both legally and not ) from china instead of hiring local one because chinese workforce is easier to control and does n't demand the same rights . 
  that nordic countries do n't do cultural imperialism . 
  heck , a large chunk of swedish 's mainstream music or literature is directly in english nowadays, 
  corsican is closer to standard italian than to standard french and closer to italian than many regional dialects as well, 
  * scandinavian cultural imperialism * already tells me this article is bullshit, 
  that 's why i struggle taking seriously too . 
  i do n't think the hand of the kremlin was behind this but simply the hand of kremlin symphatizers and serbian ultra-nationalist organizations, 
  they are wherever there 's tourism so you can be sure as hell they will find one way to go to canada and get their business going in places like toronto , montreal , quebec city and niagara falls, 
  sounds a much improved version . 
  as i said , the opposition of a few of the 28 countries made for a more than decent fta, 
  why do i not understand this joke ? 
  did he play in some eclectic rock band or was he an edgelord ? 
  i ca n't tell ... ... ... 
  given that canada will love them so much , we will send them the ones romania sent us 10 years ago . 
  they deserve such wonderful members of society more than we do . 
  these are usually posted by / u/pisodeuorrior ( [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5945kr/regions_of_italy_veneto/ ) is last week 's post about veneto ) but he gave me the green light to post one for apulia . 
  i made it exactly 50 images , 40 showing the architectural and natural beauties of the region , 8 showing the culinary traditions and 2 showing particular events unique to the region . 
  aside from that , i tried not to show exclusively well known places and included a few places whose beauties may be even unknown to italians . 
  how many transnistrians do you think generally vote ? 
  do they generally skew the elections in pro russian 's party favour ? 
  and how do the over 60 % of ukrainians and moldovans living in transnistria see the local government ? 
  this makes their choice much more understandable . 
   this is never fault of individuals who were `` radicalized '' but always fault of evil dictators , evil russkie bombardment , evil shiiites , evil nazis who do everything make them feel foreigners in europe , evil ...  but no one has ever asked , maybe , just maybe there is something wrong with individuals who are radicalized and ideology they follow prior radicalization . 
   and still , i have a question , what the fuck were tchechens ( including hero shamil basayev ) doing in abkhazia well before arrival of khattab & co. 
  i never blamed it on russia , dictators , shiites or anything ... ... . just saudis and islamists generally exploiting discontent and spreading their ideology . 
  of course , there 's something wrong with someone before a radicalization happens because radicalizations are much easier towards people who are marginalized from society or at the very least unhappy with it . 
  i am not hailing chechens before the arrival of khattab & co. they were certainly protagonists of ethnic cleansing but i 'm just pointing that islamism came only later on . 
  at first , it was just nationalism , stupid deranged nationalism ( kinda like the balkan wars ) , later it became both nationalism and islamism/wahhabism ... ... 
   for a country like moldova it would be best to eat from both worlds . 
  how ? 
  the best of both worlds is increasingly impossible to have given that eu and russia are more and more hostile to each other . 
  moldova either chooses the eu and goes on to be a more modern , innovative , wealthy country ( following in romania 's path ) or another belarus, 
  but i never talked about him ... ... ... . just dudaev and mashkadov so roughly up until 1998-1999, 
  ethnic cleansing , yeah ( more due to nationalism than islamism ) , sharia law not ( at least for dudaev while mashkadov did it due to pressure from islamists ), 
  and amongst rebels ranks ( through groups such as kavkaz and jund al aqsa who are currently leading the offensive against west aleppo ) too, 
  to be fair , nusra is the largest group but not the only one inside aleppo . 
  you have other islamists such as ahrar al sham or sham legion, 
  a decent chunk of civilians want to but are n't allowed to . 
  the ones who do n't want to merely do it out of support for the islamist rebels . 
  either way , the estimates of people living in east aleppo are excessively and it 's likely that the amount of people living there is down to 150-200k from the 1,5-1 ,7 million that used to live in those areas . 
  the islamist rebels are using them as human shields to then cry wolf in front of western medias and damage russia mediatically . 
  aside from that , the regime has done these kind of deals in the south already and has always kept its word . 
  darayya , moadammiya , daraa rebels have all been moved to idlib . 
  it seems a complicated problem ... probably one that will drag on for years . 
   syria however , will never be able to do so , much like iraq . 
  what do you think about jordan 's chances ? 
  with the needed reforms , syria can surely become a prosperous country just like it used to be . 
  it 's in the interest of assad 's allies to prove that he could move the country in the right direction and they will help him . 
  you are right that most of the eastern provinces ( except hasakeh due to oil and gas ) will probably never recover due to it being desert and nothing else nowadays but the western provinces have potential, 
  assad does n't but i am sure both iran , iraq ( although they will have to do their own rebuilding in sunni areas ) and russia will have a large interest in rebuilding . 
  what islamist ? 
  dudaev and the first chechen leaders ( up until the failure that was mashkadov ) were n't islamists, 
  if that 's what they want ... ... ... ... neither russia or the eu will wait for them forever and before they realize it , ukraine will be either in nato or the eu . 
  quite a bit of it but the main reason was saudi and gulf countries funding targetting disaffected youth . 
  chechen war can be compared to afghanistan war as islamists gained following during the war dwarfing the secular forces who were a clear majority at the start, 
  so , they are in some kind of limbo ? 
  i guess they will have to make a decision sooner or later though ... ... ... . 
  who represents lega nord/fdi then ? 
  and who represents forza italia ? 
  i 'm willing to be si/sel and take the usual 4 % of votes, 
  first chechen war was led by seculars . 
  sure , there were islamists but up until the mid to late 90s , they were a little minority who just did their own thing independently . 
  they became a threat only later on when salafism had spread to disaffected youth due to saudi and gulf funding . 
  many have moved to wage jihad in syria . 
  [ kavkaz ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/caucasus_emirate ) has several troops in syria while several others have joined either is or jund al aqsa ( where they are the main group of foreigners ) , the only rebel group still working with is . 
  i disagree . 
  the main leaders of the first chechen war were secular . 
  islamists hijacked and became the main aprt of the revolution only later on when saudis started spreading salafism amongst disaffected youths, 
  maybe i 'm too optimist ... ... ... . but maybe they understand that the country would n't be as isolated with a more moderate successor and that it would start emerging as a competitor to saudi arabia in the region even to the west, 
  why did moldovans vote for a pro russian ? 
  i mean moldovans are 69 % of the population and another 19-20 % is made up by non russian minorities . 
  i mean , is there not the same scare towards russia there is in other ee countries ? 
  they do n't vote because they are a breakaway region in the same mold as abkhazia , ossetia , ecc . 
  most italian newspapers and tv channels talked about it ( italy is the main economical partner of montenegro and we want montenegro in nato and eu ) but they generally blamed pro-russian and pro-serbian nationalists rather than the countries themselves . 
  we 'll hold elections on r/italy before people even know it . 
  pd : / u/emanuele676 ( though i 'd prefer / u/lanciastratos93 but he is part of the minority who 's lost in the primaries ) against m5s : / u/uno _ a_caso against lega nord : / u/iosonopier, 
   ~ ~ italy ~ ~ romania and albania have some great construction workers . 
  ftfy, 
  pdl is dying ( it 's mostly a southern party nowadays ) and m5s is not that popular in lombardy and veneto which make up half of the north population wise . 
  the boot is moving slightly eastwards as well so apulia will be slowly join albania on the other side of the point making the adriatic a lake, 
  almost none support the chp as well because chp never tried addressing kurds which was a big mistake on their part, 
  khamenei is sick . 
  various sources have said he has cancer so he 'll most likely be gone one day or the other so if the council of imams elected a moderate as it actually seems likely , it will be another step in the right direction, 
   kurds are very religious/conservative , saying kurdistan would be a modern islamic country is pretty delusional . 
  you can see this even today in turkey , majority kurdish areas are/always been very religious . 
  the issue however lies not in being religious , but that fundamental islam and modern world/time simply do n't work very well together . 
  and the saudis surely would spread their islamic influence over to them aswell . 
  kurdistan is conservative but it depends on the areas ( suleymaniyah is probably one of the most progressive areas in the middle east ) . 
  even in the most conservative ones , they are always more nationalistic than they are conservatives . 
  this allows their elites to be more moderate than their electors or to push for more progressive ideals than they would usually accept . 
  first they came for the hardcore kemalists and no one said anything , then they came for the kurds and no one said anything , then they came for seculars ... ... ... ... ... 
  i tried explaining this to r/turkey but they did n't understand this . 
  it was one of the main reasons why many western people supported the coup . 
  it would have been gulen but he would have been much weaker than erdogan post coup . 
  one last thing to turkish seculars ( and moderates/not so seculars who want to live in an actual democracy ) : there are two options , either take up arms and fight back or come to the west . 
  rouhani is probably almost as moderate as erdogan which is ironical . 
  the problem for iran is that the current ayatollah is a conservative one but if a moderate one replaces him things could change . 
  jordan , morocco , tunisia maybe ( i had hopes for nidaa tunes but they are becoming ben ali 2.0 ) , a hypothetical kurdistan and iran if they keep heading down this path, 
   i 'd say hdp is worse than akp . . how ? 
  that 's just not true .
