  the m5s itself is progressive, 
  we did oppose berlusconi well . 
  `` large '' does n't mean authoritarian . 
  it would n't . 
  our healthcare is neither crumbling nor complicated , is free and can be accessed by everyone , including people like who make up the working class like me . 
  our unemployment is lower than it seems because of the high amount of under the table jobs which are also the reason our tax rate is so high and why economy is stagnating, 
  our system is n't really inefficent . 
  people do n't understand that renzi is , was and has run a populistic campaign, 
  he wo n't because he 's very disliked by all except some 15 % of people . 
  i believe that the main winner is the minority within renzi 's party just like bojo and may after leave won, 
  i meant in the eu, 
  i would n't call myself a libertarian and i 'm not sure i would agree with you . 
  imagine if the laws which established the welfare state were n't established, 
  it can very well win it . 
  basic income is m5s ' main talking point for fucking sake, 
  i voted yes :( anyway the left was very vocal against the constitutional change . 
  they ran a common campaign with m5s, 
  we passed the 2nd highest amount of laws , just not good or effective ones, 
  just a decent electoral law, 
  it 's them who refuse to seek any alliances, 
  looking at the positives , the center left will return to be the center left and not a copy of democrats and new labour, 
  he united everyone against him, 
  let 's wait and see i thought it would be much closer, 
  the number of friends ( all or mostly left wing ) who voted no should have been telling, 
  he 'll most likely stay, 
  and so what ? 
  the negative outweighs the positive by a lot, 
  what communist ? 
  the left before renzi was a mix of socialdemocrats and left leaning christian democrats, 
  parisi and prestigiacomo were in favour but the rest was n't, 
  last minute choice for me too, 
  so is the left wing inside renzi 's party, 
  18 % is the upper ceiling . 
  it 's 11 % plus 4 % of fdi at the moment, 
  it kinda is a bipartisan issue many who usually vote on the right will vote for the reform, 
  empty promises ; populism, 
  case in point : civil unions and cannabis legalization are taking/took years to be passed, 
  because it kinda is a bipartisan issue it 's half of renzi 's party , most of his coalition party against anything else, 
  it 's not the person but the ideals he stands for, 
  it 's actually much more likely with italicum, 
  salvini is n't an alternative . 
  fi will never endorse him and he 'll be stuck at 18 %, 
  exactly . 
  the left mostly supports the no as do many centrists and the center right, 
  not at all, 
  i will be voting yes because i am fairly confident that the double turn in the italicum will be scrapped at the end and that 's enough for me, 
  schools, 
   as we have seen in the us election , everything is possible now and ( far ) right wing partys are able to win big and important elections . 
  as if that was a good thing . 
  people are now even proud of supporting the far right and sending their countries backwards through the election of reactionaries, 
  thanks for the answer, 
  so it 's just what i thought it would be, 
  what has been banned recently ? 
  just for curiosity ... ... 
  what does the state get out of it ? 
  how does he compare to erdo ? 
  of islam as a whole , it is n't . 
  of wahhabism , salafism and the most conservative fringes , it is . 
  what a sickening man !, 
  he makes le pen look like a respectable politician . 
  at least , she runs a pretty left wing economical platform ( her party has always done ) and seems to believe genuinely in what she says ( even though i disagree with her on pretty much anything ) but this man just wants to destroy anything that 's related with the eu and with the middle-working class . 
  le pen would have the parliament against her while fillon would n't . 
  that 's the difference between the two . 
  i think i would stay at home if i had to choose between them . 
  with jupp\u00e8 it was different, 
  schulz or even a spd-greens-linke with ozdemir would n't be shabby, 
  ayrault ( 2012-2014 ) was soc-dem . 
  valls ( 2014-2016 ) economically liberal more than anything, 
  which is why i almost would rather marine than fillon, 
   well , as a progressive my vote will be for the green party in the first round vote melenchon . 
  he has more chances to get into the second round and is as much , if not more , of a progressive . 
  brexit was pushed by labour for decades until blair, 
  who knows ? 
  maybe melenchon , montebourg or even macron ( which i do n't like ) may pip fillon, 
  i wish we had someone like him in italy . 
  i liked civati but he left the pd while he could have run on a sanders-esque platform at the next primaries . 
  definitely not for me , a very pro-eu left winger, 
  for the center-center-left more than the actual one although hollande is pretty left wing ( just look at what got passed when ayrault was pm ) and had to moderate his stance later on, 
  as a socialdemocrat , i 'm not sure . 
  a nationalist or a conservative liberal . 
  i think the former would have a harder time enacting change about most issues but her positions on eu scare me . 
  what is ayrault up to ? 
  i liked him, 
  macron and especially valls have little that 's soc-dem . 
  social liberal is the right word for it . 
  actually valls could very well be in modem 's party, 
  i have seen him poll at 15 % . 
  i think that he might surprise people in the upcoming months . 
  i would love melenchon vs le pen because i am tempted to think that the first might win . 
   `` the election of donald trump is the american people 's business , '' he said . 
  `` but what that election does show is that so many citizens are simply not taking the establishment 's bait any more . '' [ it must be noted that di battista 's favourite choice was jill stein ] ( https://it.notizie.yahoo.com/usa-di-battista-trump-o-clinton-personalmente-scelgo-194016439.html ) . 
  m5s has been ambigouos about trump but they never seemed to warm themselves at any point to the idea of a trump presidency but they could n't attack him as part of their voters is of the kind who would vote for trump . 
   a pragmatic non-tribal figure , renzi , 41 , was seen as the young technocratic leader who was finally reforming baroque structures of governance and rendering them fit for purpose . 
  renzi has little that is technocratic . 
  in fact , he is a populist too , just a moderate , center left one with somewhat clear ideas whereas we really do n't know what we will get with five stars movement  the markets , the european commission and confindustria , the italian equivalent of the cbi , warmly applauded the idea of a streamlined parliament with a more powerful executive . 
  that certainly does n't push the average joe to vote for renzi 's constitutional change  the five star leader has since jubilantly drawn connections between american `` trumpismo '' and the grassroots populism of his own movement , which stands at 30 % in the polls , level pegging with renzi 's party . 
  `` this is mad stuff , '' grillo wrote on his blog . 
  `` it 's an apocalypse for the big papers , the intellectuals , the journalists . 
  this is a huge general ` fuck off ' . '' as grillo points out , being anti establishment is pretty much the only thing they have in common  on the hard right , matteo salvini , leader of the anti-migrant lega nord , is also surfing the wave he is our version of the alt right . 
  and to think that he once was a communist , socially liberal , a big proponent of legalization of cannabis ... ... . .  during his two years in office , the prime minister has made himself deeply unpopular among sections of the left through two reforms in particular .
