  they could have easily spread sharia and islamism in syria where there 's a strong islamist opposition which is currently fighting against the government, 
  the problem si : where do you draw the line ? 
  russia band turkey are technically democracies, 
  siberia really si empty abside from a few large cities such as vladivostok novosibirsk irkutsk, 
  i read breast at first and got a little confused, 
  colder and foggier, 
  i live in bari band it is n't much better here . 
  currently 12 degrees, 
  depends on where you go . 
  san salvario and crocetta neighbourhoods are lovely and so are the oltrepo and vanchiglia . 
  tjr area north of porta palazzo , largest open market in europe , is ugly and kinda italy 's molenbeek ( without the extremism ), 
  everything guarini and juvarra pur their hands on si an architectural masterpiece, 
  i am pretty sure this picture was taken from monte dei cappuccini a church complex on tje hillside that gets lightened every christmas season becoming a spectacular place to look ad night, 
  nah the ones you see in the photo are n't renaissance buildings . 
  they are mostly 19th century neoclassico/haussmanian buildings anyway the savoy were influenced by what was going on in paris, 
  fair enough , i 'm happy someone answered explaining why they disagree with me instead of just downvoting . 
   say 0.001 percent is islamist fighters , terrorists , whatever ( and i do n't think there would be a naive-enough person to think it 's anything less than 3 % ) - do you see ? 
  i think that something between 7-10 % supports this kind of people if not even slightly more but the ones willing to take arms are n't nearly as many . 
  probably a 0,1 % % . 
  if the omes who arrived here wanted to take arms , they would have stayed in syria and supported the islamist organizations that are against the government, 
   rouhani may be a `` liberal '' but anyone is a liberal compared to nutjobs like ahmadinejad . 
  if you actually look at what he is supporting , he is still a deeply regressive person . 
  there is a class of liberals - true liberals - within iran but they are extremely isolated , not just to urban centers but even within these urban centers . 
  rouhani is a liberal only when compared to nutjobs but he may open the way for a progressive shift to the left of iranian politics . 
  if the principlists keep losing , they may have to move to the left and at the same time , the reformists would have to move to the left . 
  it is a slow process but i think that iran is heading towards a good path, 
  no ( given that amongst the refugees escaping syria , there are islamists ) but i do n't understand the downvotes . 
  mine was a question no different than most others . 
  it just seemed weird to me that this would happen in chemnitz of all places, 
  first of all , the uk is applying it to eu citizens while still being in the eu and second , the eu barely enforces this law . 
  you know , the party with meloni as the leader . 
  difference being that the uk has a strong conservative party who 's trying to cater to these ukip voters while italy 's center right party is in shambles , barely had 10 % of support and are trying to move towards the center with their latest leader ( he 's a liberal kinda like nick clegg ), 
   after the coup , the opposition has been weakened yes but so did akp . 
  akp has shit tons of g\u00fclenists within the party and presidential palace due to alliance with them until 2013 . 
  rumours that there 's 80 g\u00fclenist mp 's in akp seats who are able to fall the government via resign because akp now has 313 mp 's and you have to get at least 276 votes to govern alone . 
  i still wonder why they are yet to do it , especially since they will most likely get replaced by next election 's time . 
   i do n't know why people on r/europe and especially on r/worldnews love to talk like he 's muslim brotherhood-tier islamist , his entire voterbase is islamist , he has % 95 public approval , there 's no opposition besides secular democratic kurdish fighters \u2122 , he 's one step behind to turn this country into iran 2.0 etc. 
  i always get angry to see comments like `` rip secular turkey '' when he does or says some stupid thing like the whole nation supports his action . 
  he 's just a populist conservative figure like in rest of the world . 
  i do n't understand it either but at the same time i do n't understand why the turkish people who vote for the opposition are not against erdogan 's foreign policy decisions . 
  the west perceives turkey to be how you describe it because the turkish opposition is not vocal enough about the matter the west cares about the most, 
  it would be a chance to take citizenship and nothing more . 
  that would come in exchange of british citizenship to our own citizens in the uk . 
  that said , unlimited residence permit in their current country of residence sounds an equally good deal and not as controversial as mine, 
  corbyn has laid low in the last few weeks . 
  he 's probably reorganizing labour after his win against owen smith . 
  good on him for speaking out against this though, 
  fair enough . 
  what you say makes sense . 
  i did n't know about this . 
  fair enough . 
  they might turn out that way . 
  they would need the help of a gulen like figure and someone as charismatic as erdogan . 
  it 's hard to replicate what akp has done, 
  and why should you ? 
  because they have hired a foreigner instead of johnny english ? 
  it makes no sense to boycott a company because you do n't know what led them to hire someone . 
   isnt the code name f\u00f3r right wing in west `` nazi '' ? 
  that 's the code name for far right parties and with far right , i mean golden dawn and jobbik kind of parties . 
   and racist , xenophobic and.who knows what ? 
  that is n't wrong . 
  many right wing parties like afd are distinctly xenophobic and at times even racist such as when afd 's vice leader said that he would n't want boateng as his neighbour  ak\u00e1 mark words to discredite those people ? 
  their own behaviour often discredits these people . 
   the bans on reddit f\u00f3r anti-refugee people ? 
  when and where has this happened ? 
  i would say that it 's hard to get banned on reddit unless you start to insult anyone who disagrees with your views which is something far right wingers and right wingers do a lot . 
   cenzorship of events that could lead to boost f\u00f3r afd during new year in germany ? 
  it 's never happened, 
  fair enough . 
  i hope this enquiry strenghtens them and helps them get rid of their weaknesses such as giving bruxelles a unified force and improving cooperation between walloon and flemish forces, 
  i 'm the first to point the finger at italian authorities when they fuck up but they have rarely done it when it comes to security . 
  that 's mostly due to have dealt with communists and neo-fascists groups ( red and black terrorism ) in the years of lead and in the early-mid 80s . 
  well , you pesky ukrainians beat me to it , 
  the government has n't said so but a pretty important figure of government has suggested this idea . 
  it probably is a means of gaining votes from ukip but it does n't change the fact that the current tory government ( aside maybe from may herself ) seems to be using a strong rhetoric that 's hurting uk 's relationship with the eu even further, 
   fico best days are behind him . 
  most probably we will have new pm in three years , but i dont think ( or hope ) it will be better . 
  who 's in the lead at the moment ? 
  center-left or center-right ? 
  they botched up the capture of the paris terrorists a couple times . 
  exception to the rule, 
   give it time . 
  tunisia has had a total of 2 elections i think . 
  but they have no islamist party since enndha made the switch into a normal social conservative party . 
   indonesia since suharto is getting more islamic as well . 
  do n't they have some kind of left wing/social democrat government in place at the moment  morocco 's king refuses to relinquish to democracy because he knows islamist parties will do well . 
  in the latest elections , the islamist party got around 25 % of voters . 
  i think that with a french like system , morocco could be a working democracy in a decade . 
   turkey had a few more than that before going full erdogan retard . 
  erdogan is as much of a populist and of a nationalist as he is an islamist . 
  he would say anything to get elected . 
  proposing a deal with pkk in hope of getting votes from kurds but backtracking on it once hdp votes started rising is basically the biggest example of populism i have seen in recent, 
  you are right . 
  it depends on populism . 
  having a well educated population matters . 
  the more educated a country the harder it is for a populist to get elected . 
  well , populism seems to work practically anywhere so i ca n't blame him for getting on the bandwagon . 
  our own renzi si quite populistic as well although about different things , mostly reforms and economy, 
  you explained it far better than i did . 
  it 's almost impossible if not straight out impossible for two curriculums to be the same .
