  thank god we are a presidential republic and our opposition was strong enough to repel attacks on democracy . 
  i am not inherently against new democracy but i would prefer if tsipras stays as prime minister because it kinda benefits italy inside the eu as well as for ideological reasons . 
  i have been told once that menderes was erdogan before erdogan existed . 
  is that true ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transnistria#demographics  in total , in the areas controlled by the pmr government , there were 555,347 people , including 177,785 moldovans ( 32.10 % ) 168,678 russians ( 30.35 % ) 160,069 ukrainians ( 28.81 % ) 13,858 bulgarians ( 2.50 % ) 4,096 gagauzians ( 0.74 % ) , 1,791 poles ( 0.32 % ) , 1,259 jews ( 0.23 % ) , 507 roma ( 0.09 % ) and 27,454 others ( 4.94 % ) . 
  it 's pronounced radio ma-ree-a here . 
  it 's not popular but it still manages to air in most of the country and remains bythe most popular talk radio ( i think that they do n't air music and that radio radicale , a libertarian radio , is the only similar thing left ) . 
  [ here 's a poll which lists them at 10,5 % ] ( http://www.electograph.com/2016/11/greece-november-2016-bridging-europe.html ) and [ another ] ( http://www.electograph.com/2016/11/greece-november-2016-alco-poll.html ) which pegs them at 7 % . 
  the two most recent ones . 
  he was nuts but he is n't nowadays . 
  either way , i just hope americans can realize that something left wing of liberalism is viable for them . 
  if you had that something , you would n't have trump polling at 44 % . 
   js mill has a different opinion than you . 
  he and others assumed the common man would be tricked into selling his freedom . 
  yeah , sure :  a member of the liberal party , he was the first member of parliament to call for women 's suffrage . 
   social liberty for mill meant putting limits on the ruler 's power so that he would not be able to use his power on his own wishes and make decisions which could harm society ; in other words , people should have the right to have a say in the government 's decisions . 
  he said that social liberty was `` the nature and limits of the power which can be legitimately exercised by society over the individual '' . 
  it was attempted in two ways : first , by obtaining recognition of certain immunities , called political liberties or rights ; second , by establishment of a system of `` constitutional checks '' . 
   an influential advocate of freedom of speech , mill objected to censorship . 
  they already poll at 9-10 %, 
  except there 's the serious chance that trump would let his vp pence handle foreign politics ( having no clear idea of his own ) . 
  pence is all but an isolationist , we would have bush/cheney 2.0 even if trump did things on his own , he would void the iran nuclear deal and allow for nuclear proliferation in saudi arabia , south korea , japan , ecc . 
  and every other allied country who wanted it . 
  radio maria ( virgin mary 's radio ) is a religious radio and i swear they basically air the thoughts of the most conservative priests in italy ( the kind who think of pope francis as some kind of commie or left winger ) . 
  it 's like the european version of those evangelical rural radio stations they have in the usa . 
  people like him are the reason why atheism or simply indifference towards the church will slowly rise further and why churches will empty ( they are empty already with mostly old people attending mass ), 
  if you have spare time , read about garibaldi and mazzini . 
  they are interesting personalities . 
  it was n't . 
  the logical end result of liberalism was democracy and universal suffrage . 
  those are values that were heavily pushed by liberals alongside socialists and socialdemocrats . 
  it 's conservatives who did n't want universal suffrage and democracy but had to adapt as time went by . 
  there needs to be such a party . 
  several of those votes could very easily flock to kke . 
  you would n't want to have them polling at more than 20 % just as you would n't want golden dawn polling that high . 
  i think the population is split in a third of russians , a third of moldovans and third of ukrainians by the way . 
  interesting ethnic make up . 
  you are right but i would wager that those russians are far more likely to watch russian tv and to be highly pro russia as a result . 
   today 's program , like how he still is claiming that its better to live in venezuela than the united states ? 
  he claimed that in 2011 when venezuela 's economy was still going rather well . 
  he made a mistake with that statement but he had a point as usa ( and italy :( ) have the lowest social mobility of the western world . 
   or is it today 's program where he still says that breadlines were the sign of a healthy economy ? 
  when did he say that ? 
  if you want to live in a dictatorship or in an illiberal democracy , feel free to do so ( there are so many countries to choose from ) but i ( and millions more people ) will never accept that . 
  honestly , what do you expect from the left wing ? 
  liberal reforms are imposed on them by the eu and they do n't want to carry out those reforms . 
  the eu should create ways to economical recovery both through liberalism and through socialdemocracy . 
  it is possible to make the economy recover without going all out on the welfare state that took years of sacrifices to be created . 
  without syriza , you would have no center left party . 
  do you realize that ? 
  might as well hand the country to new democracy for decades, 
  we had three ( arguably four ) wars of independence . 
  it basically was the kingdom of sardinia against austria ( who controlled lombardy plus the northeast ) . 
  the first ( where a union of italian states fought austria ) ended with status quo , the second ended up with the annexion of the ducates of parma , modena , grand duchy of tuscany , romagna and lombardy . 
  then we had the war for italian unification with the papal state ( except for latium ) and kingdom of two sicilies falling and the kingdom being formed and in the end we had a last war for the control of the northeast, 
  because the population in that strip is highly pro-russia . 
  it 's populated by 30 % russians . 
  aside from that , it would take very little for the local government to start a ukraine like civil war and insurgence ... ... . . 
  last elections we had 75 % and people talked of it as if it was a disaster . 
  no , it is n't . 
  restricting voting is something that does n't belong to a democratic country, 
  this picture could very well have been shot in western irpinia . 
  kinda reminds me of whenever i go to naples in winter or spring, 
   i am trained in ~ ~ gorilla ~ ~ camel warfare ftfy !, 
  there should be a single corporate tax rate for all eu members . 
  it 's unfair that a few countries end up being attractive for such businesses simply due to having lower taxation and that this more often than not comes at the expense of welfare state and of the little man . 
  it 's not fair that google gets to pay a mere $ 47m of corporate tax when it should pay millions more out of what it earns . 
  it 's not fair that corporations get a pat on the back for dodging taxes or trying to do so . 
  today 's program . 
  the 70s program does n't matter just like the fact that hillary clinton campaigned for barry freaking goldwater does n't matter . 
  as a side question , how well known is the italian war of independence ? 
  and how well known are mazzini , garibaldi and cavour ? 
   clinton and sanders always had similar policies . 
  most of the differences between them were matters of nuance . 
  sanders supporters on reddit inflated these differences to justify their vote , but in reality they were very similar candidates from the get-go . 
  sanders called for free colleges and clinton did n't ( at least at first ) , sanders called for universal healthcare based on the french ( i think ) and clinton still does n't , sanders called for a nordic like welfare system adn clinton still does , ecc . 
  sanders is a proper socialdemocrat and clinton is still a social liberal at the end of the day . 
   nationalizing banks that 's a socialdemocratic measure but do you have a source on this . 
  i tried googling it and all i came with is right wing newspapers claiming it . 
  [ from the ny times  ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/20/upshot/bernie-sanders-democratic-socialist-capitalist.html?_r=0 )  after all , mr. sanders does not want to nationalize the steel mills or the auto companies or even the banks . 
  like mrs. clinton , he believes in a mixed economy , where capitalist institutions are mediated through taxes and regulation . 
  he just wants more taxes and more regulation than mrs. clinton does . 
  he certainly seems like a regular democrat , only more so . 
  he never said he would seize major companies . 
  have you even read his program ? 
  this whole sentence reeks of mccarthyism, 
  not an important thing but :  that mi5 had recruited mussolini in 1917 to keep italy in the first world war . 
  mussolini himself , a past member of the socialist party and the former direct of the party 's newspaper , still had a fairly large following and was one of the main policians which pushed to make italy intervene in 1915 . https://www.theguardian.com/world/2009/oct/13/benito-mussolini-recruited-mi5-italy, 
  it 's likely . 
  after all , most people are uninformed . 
  i think this , there has n't even been the usual pre usa elections porta a porta show . 
  there 's been very little , especially compared to 2008 , when there was enthusiasm due to obama running for president . 
   clinton 's policies are largely the same . 
  i know , clinton had to incorporate a good part of his policies given his success but she left out a few like the ones against fracking . 
   he would have been painted as an extremist , and those accusations would have much more validity than they did versus obama ( who is n't excessively leftist by any measure ) . 
  the gop would have loved to face sanders . 
  it would n't have been a standard election . 
  it would still be trump , an actual extremist ( from how he campaigned ) , on the other side of the fence , while bernie sanders himself had much more support amongst the white working class of the midwest who would have made states like ohio , iowa , maybe even indiana go democratic . 
  it would have been an interesting election as in turn sanders would n't have had the support of many moderate independents . 
  i doubt it .
