  it 's neoliberal/social liberal and culturally liberal so much so that it often cares more about identity issues than anything else . 
  notice that i do n't want socialdemocracy to be defined by what worked in the 60s . 
  however , there have to be a few key tenets which make a party socialdemocratic . 
   strict labour rights do n't work in modern economies and are n't even desirable from a worker point of view . 
  people want social mobility , livelong learning , training and so on . 
  the scandinavian social democratic parties for example never put much emphasis on labour regulation . 
  corbyn is a fine leader if a bit old timed but that 's mostly when it comes to his position towards the eu ( his main problem for me ) and his rhetoric but then again , he 's probably further left than the people he aims to represent and sometimes it shows . 
  strict labour rights can work in modern economies . 
  they can be adapted to modern times and are desiderable for workers as they guarantee workplace protection especially for unskilled workers . 
  social mobility is a positive but elevating the lower end of the base is just as much of a positive . 
  it 's much easier for social mobility to work if the distance between the upper and lower classes is diminished and that 's what the center-left must work to do . 
   social democracy does n't exist in a vacuum , it has to adopt to economic realities . 
  nonetheless state spending is still as high as it was in the past , healthcare and education and other core institutions are still public and basically the general framework is still in place . 
  state spending is as high in the past but too much of it ends up being wasted in things there should be no need for such as bureaucracy . 
  socialdemocracy must cut governmental wastes and readdress the money that 's saved towards funding infrastructure and strenghtening the welfare state . 
  i like naples ^ ^ ^ nowshootme if anything , we should exclude or just burn the wastelands north of naples . 
  like , anything between mondragone , nola , the vesuvius and the coast just north of capo miseno . 
   that is the proper social democratic party . 
  they 've always embraced open economies , self-responsibility and self-government . 
  the goal of social democracy is to level the playing field and actively help people to exercise positive rights , it 's not some paternalistic , big state nonsense that takes care of all your ailments . 
  proper socialdemocracy runs to their left . 
  theirs is social liberalism . 
  socialdemocracy advocates for decreasing inequalities through the establishment of a strong welfare state , granting workers a series of rights as well as nationalization of key services . 
  these parties are socialdemocratic only in name now because they have attacked workers rights under the name of liberalism ( jobs act in italy and france ) , are privatizing key services , are calling for spending to be cut ( when infrastructure and public spending is still needed to get the economy going in a time of crisis ) , ecc . 
  they are n't following keynes ' doctrines anymore . 
  from wikipedia :  the spd is mostly composed of members belonging to either of the two main wings : keynesian social democrats and third way moderate social democrats belonging to the seeheimer kreis . 
  while the moderate , seeheimer kreis social democrats strongly support the agenda 2010 reformist programs introduced by chancellor gerhard schr\u00f6der , the keynesian social democrats continue to defend classical left-wing policies and the welfare state . 
  the third way wing of these parties is now in charge ( with the exception of france but they forced hollande to shift as well with the appointment of valls instead of ayrault ) and while they have socialdemocrat elements , they have been getting weaker and weaker . 
  _ _ _ the 50s-80s were n't glorious at all . 
  the problem is that back then there was a push forward , towards a more equal society which was led by the center-left . 
  during this period , the left built the welfare state we came to know . 
  the problem is that this welfare state is now increasingly under threat from parts of the left itself . 
  now , we are n't seeing the center-left push forward anymore . 
  if anything , it either pushes back or tries to keep what it 's already built . 
  our own ( one of the few in italy ) starts the 28th november . 
  well , taliban are the strongest they have ever been since us intervention and the lack of a stable syria and iraq has made immigration from such places much easier . 
  many afghani ( especially shia ones ) go to iran and just as many carry on to europe, 
  will add it . 
  thanks, 
  i think the constitutional changes would come in effect after the 2018 elections . 
  as for the senate , it might take even more and there might be some kind of transitional phase . 
  still enough voters to be a threat . 
  if all alt right parties were below 20 % , i would be much more calm . 
  we would gain tyrol and whatever region salzburg is in . 
  we would lose the south ( except apulia , which is the most productive region away and napoli , so we can still proud ourselves on having invented pizza ) and piedmont ( this is a loss ) we would have slovenia and croatia too . 
  it 's a win-win for me , especially because i would be in adriatica and would n't be any worse off, 
  no , you need n't crazy , you just need a proper socialdemocratic party that 's willing to stand for the middle and working class . 
  no more blairs , renzis , valls , gabriels but someone who can follow in the footsteps of leaders like attlee , roosevelt , moro , kohl , ecc . 
  front national has 29 % which is a good chunk of voters . 
  yeah , the guardian is partly right with this one but they have understood only one half of the problem . 
  here 's hope they understand the other half . 
  nothing against you . 
  just referring to the guardian 's article . 
  where are they from ? 
   do n't think anybody really criticized 97 % of blacks in the us for voting for obama though it was 93 % . 
  88 % of those same people voted again for hillary . 
  the only reason why blacks are so strongly democrats is because the republicans have attacked their rights for years and because they are overwhelmingly working class . 
  of course , they are going to vote for the party that got them the civil rights , the enforcement of these same rights , the first president and that is going to address their economical problems . 
   brexit and trump get called ` protest votes ' a lot , but if it 's true i think they are protesting the media just as much if not more than the governments/eu . 
  oh , come on . 
  just as much of the medias in the uk were for brexit as they were for bremain . 
  the medias , political correctness , free speech , the regressive left , ecc . 
  are all excuses for people to be racists , xenophobes , ecc . 
  and say whatever passes through their mind with no regard for intelligence . 
   i know a lot of people will want to explain away the context and stuff , but i find it hard to deny there is n't a rising ` anti-white ' sentiment being propagated in uni 's and media and i suspect it has a larger impact than people realize . 
  what anti white ? 
  it 's all in your head . 
  in our countries , whites make 95 % of the people and why would whites be against themselves . 
  i do n't know how to act when i hear such idiotic statements ... ... 
   where trump installed only republicans , while obama tried to be bipartisan . 
  this is not true by the way because flynn is a democrat . 
  he just put him in a situation where he could n't be an obstacle to republicans though, 
  wilders , petry and salvini are just as bad . 
  maybe marine le pen ( front national ) is slightly better but still not by much . 
  i mean , they are already working with breitbart 's stephen bannon just like trump did . 
  i think that they are just not as willing to go as far as trump did because the european public is more sensible than the american one and wo n't accept it but they are testing both the ground and the waters . 
  i agree, 
   it 's my firm belief that what we see in the west , both when it comes to trump , brexit and general euroskepticism has more to do about economics and the results of globalization than it has to do with racism and xenophobia . 
  i think it 's a mix of factors but you are generally right . 
  people have flocked to the far right as a defense against globalization . 
  are they being conned ? 
  they are because the same far right offers policies which are more of the same economical liberal stuff of the center right ( sprinkled with some protectionism as a fa\u00e7ade ) but their fears remain valid . 
  the center left must kick the blairs , renzis , valls , ecc . 
  of this world out of their parties and go back to being solid socialdemocratic parties . 
  it 's how podemos reached 20-25 % and is now the main opposition , how syriza won in greece , how corbyn ( despite being called unelectable by all medias ) has 30 % in polls , ecc . 
  i disagree with the article ( because i do n't think that playing by the rules it 's the left 's main fault ) but on one thing it is right : the left must fight more . 
  would nigel farage concede defeat like labour has done if the leave got 48 % of the votes ? 
  labour needs to be more stubborn and to oppose hard brexit while finding a solution to alleviate the problems of those who had voted leave ( abandoning neoliberalism , adopting a tougher stance on illegal immigration without demonizing immigrants , downplaying identity politics , ecc . 
   they 've already lost the economic argument by adopting capitalism and privatization . 
  they 've completely abandoned the class perspective this is the reason why we do n't need this moderate left bullshit but the socialdemocratic left of old which is the best counter to the ills of nationalism . 
  i posted this article because it 's another example of the guardian 's lack of understanding of the world . 
  it cares far too much for identity politics while barely mentioning the economical issues that affect the working and middle classes . 
  what a shitty propaganda article ... ... ... 
  neither do i. 
  we could become europe 's summer resort, 
  we do n't care for those regions . 
  they are just as bankrupt as greece so they will fit right in . 
  italian here !, 
  i like this , we 'll be europe 's sea resort . ^ ^ ^ pluswegotourlandsback, 
  except poor little taranto,
