  we should n't . 
  does n't mean that anyone from these countries wants to flee . 
  they are just eligible for refugee status and that 's it . 
  for example , not anyone from nigeria and pakistan would get refugee status accepted , actually only a minority would, 
  we save in international waters . 
  just at the border with libyan waters, 
  i 'm not saying it did work ( it actually did n't ) but it was an attempt, 
  v4 proposals are also considered because they shout like no else . 
  we need to carve out an union like they did . 
  spain , greece and portugal could be valuable allies but not until rajoy is gone, 
  you realize that the usa reawakened sectarian politics in iraq ? 
  there were already signs but they made it much worse creating space for salafism and aqi in western iraq and shia islamism in southern iraq, 
  actually very few libyans have left their country since 2012 despite having all the reasons to do so . 
  people use libya to get into europe but libyans themselves rarely come . 
  one thing is them staying for a limited amount of time and one thing is for them to be settling there, 
  the nato mission in itself was n't a problem , it actually avoided further loss of lives . 
  italy was pressured to join for geographic reasons ( its bases were fundamental to the operation ) and had decided to join for economical reasons ( control of eni 's oil fields and not to lose the deals it had with libya by opposing the rebels who would most likely have won anyway ), 
  our politicians supported it because of pressure from the uk , france and usa . 
  we were crucial to them for geographic reasons . 
  aside from that , we were risking to lose eni 's control of oil facilities in favour of french companies like total if we did n't support the opposition . 
  we had the risk of being overtaken by france in the only nation where we still have a large influence . 
  unfortunately , the situation was different to syria 's , most of the population was against him while assad still had a good chunk of support in urban areas . 
  libyan war could have turned as deadly as syrian one and france and uk ( while acting in their interests ) avoided that . 
  same here . 
  i 'm realizing he 's probably the best italy can get :(, 
  now it is ( because their policy did n't work ) but at first it really relieved pressure off of greece , hungary and austria . 
  renzi is actually an italian version of valls ( in terms of political leanings ) but he 's doing a good job when it comes to foreign politics and internal reform ( apart from that freaking job 's act ) . 
  and yeah , we must abandon idealizing germany . 
  why not creating our model insteading of turning into a copy of germany, 
  lucky ukrainians !, 
  because for a rule to be part of the un , it means that it is international consensus, 
  it indeed does, 
  i am, 
  no , they are n't . 
  i was against these deals and i certainly would n't consider myself a nationalist . 
  every ideology could be against these deals for one reason or another . 
  a left winger may be against it because of being against neoliberalism and globalization ( proposing his own alternative to that like the no global groups do ) . 
  a right winger may be against because of being nationalistic and supporting protectionism . 
  a liberal centrist may be against it because while he supports the likelihood of a deal with these countries , he does n't consider the deals to be fair . 
  i could go on and on . 
  reducing it to nationalists against globalists is just right wing populism and nonsense from a political point of view, 
  how are [ lebanese singer elissa ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/564x/b9/b5/06/b9b506f6c69defc99a9e031f3a096286.jpg ) , [ assad ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/assad-syrie.jpg ) , ecc . 
  for example not white ? 
  several levantine people ( but also iranian , iraqi , pakistani and northern indians ) are white or do you get to decide who 's white or not ? 
  you are right but one of the reasons mussolini and the fascists were reluctant about it is that they literally had nothing about the jews . 
  they were an industrious , well integrated community in pre war italy . 
  this new agenda has no space in europe because we have learned from past mistakes and are n't willing to repeat them . 
  we know that ideologies know no boundaries and that an ideology such as islamism wo n't be beaten merely by some kind fo religious cleansing, 
  maybe but who cares ? 
  this superior race does n't exist . 
  the downvote button should technically be used for bringing nothing to the discussion rather than for when you disagree with someone, 
  pkk and tak are different groups that work closely together . 
  technically , pkk itself is n't a terrorist group ( at least not since tak split from it and especially not since ocalan and the whole movement changed ideology ) but they operate closely with one . 
  anyway , turkey could have avoided this terrorism if it tried to respect the ceasefires it had with pkk two times now ( all it had to do was escorting pkk safely to qandil mountains ) or if it gave kurdistan some form of autonomy and made more of an effort to recognize kurdish culture , language , traditions and literature . 
  instead , you are trying to ban ( you have already done in the past ) the only kurdish party willing to play by democratic rules . 
  turkey is paying for its nationalism and for its leader 's unwillingness to end this for electoral reasons . 
  you are pushing more and more kurds into pkk 's hands . 
  italy had a similar problem with sudtirol ( on a smaller scale ) and when we tried to assimilate them they formed terrorist groups ( far right ) . 
  at the end , the solution to this problem was giving them autonomy on most matters and recognize the teaching of their language and culture in their schools , whether public or private . 
  ca n't turkey do the same ? 
  how cna you be seriously calling on a genocide based on colour of skin ? 
  i do n't understand really . 
  according to what you are saying , the average southern italian would get the same treatment as he would n't be white . 
  enough of this white supremacism already . 
  wow !, 
  we had the red brigades ( we had black terrorism as well and hardline right wingers almost pulled a coup in the late 60s ) but they were something who mostly belonged to the past . 
  the furthest that nowadays ' leftist groups , mostly identifiable with social centers , are black bloc manifestations and vandalism . 
  compare that to far right burning roma camps , ecc . 
  not defending any of them but i would take the former over the latter any day in italy which was the point of my comment . 
  r/europe is shifting too much towards the right again, 
  brigading is common on reddit . 
  this morning when i answered , i was on +1 point but now i am on -8, 
  are you saying that middle easterners are n't whites . 
  many of them are and there are turks or albanians ( i.e. 
  muslim countries ) that can be just as blonde and pale as lithuanians, 
  show me a source that they did . 
  anytime they ended up doing it it was while they were targeting military and government ( which means it was accidental ) . 
  islamism is an ideology which spreads amongst non whites and whites alike . 
  of the 60 italians that went to syria , most were whites , with 20 % of them being converts from christianity, 
  i do but this time it doens ' t have much to do with being a democratic country or not . 
  it literally cracks down on something because of it being foreign . 
  the way you worded also did n't sound well at all, 
  putin 's first term was n't bad . 
  after that , it all went downhill again, 
  honestly , it is n't so much asia and the middle east as it is subsaharian africa . 
  [ yemen , jordan , afghanistan and iraq are the only outliers ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2e/countriesbyfertilityrate.svg/2000px-countriesbyfertilityrate.svg.png ), 
   us+eu+a us + can + nz = 900 million since when are south american countries not part of western civilization . 
  argentina , uruguay , brazil and chile at the very least are as western as the usa are . 
  similar demographic make up with the difference of having mediterranean countries as their main cultural and demographic source rather than germanic ones, 
  they are doing a shitty job and giving russia a bad name, 
   freedoms are limited for the common good spoken like a stalinist, 
  yeah , that 's how i would describe it . 
  same here . 
  he started well in his first year and worsened considerably since ayrault was replaced by valls, 
  it would n't be just like it did n't manage to erase communism , socialism and organized crime . 
  that gives me shivers . 
  in any case , i would be tempted to vote for le pen over sarkozy and i am a leftist . 
  at least , she does have left wing views on economy . 
  i would probably stay at home though in that case, 
  these kind of manifestations are the only ones where you will see the far left and far right and anything in between marching together,
