  i would have it as : * berlusconi * bossi * fini in that order, 
  ukip and the alt right as a whole are getting funded from russia on the premise of weakening both the usa and the eu, 
  we have three large organized crime groups with [ ndrangheta ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/%27ndrangheta ) being the world 's largest . 
  it 's surprisingly not well known outside of italy but they handle 80 % of smuggling of drugs into europe . 
  mmh , where do i start ? 
  the one afd is supporting is n't patriottism but nationalism which is the belief of one 's own country and people being superior . 
  anything that 's nationalistic is pretty far on the right on its own . 
  aside from that , to be electable parties like afd et al. 
  have to take stances which are just further to the right than the traditional conservative party because advocating for something more extreme wo n't get them the electoral support they need to be successful in a democracy . 
  that , however , does n't mean that their actual aims are just to the right of the traditional conservative parties . 
   the socialists do n't need to look very far to find nazis it seems to me . 
  their own propaganda and smear campaigns are a perfect match . 
  what socialists ? 
  most western european countries never had a proper socialist as the head of government and hardly ever had successful socialist parties since 1989 . 
  you make the common british/american mistake of confusing socialdemocracy with socialism, 
  now the average bruges citizens only needs to install a sink and find a way to the pipeline to get a nice free refill , 
  should join the eu before joining the eurozone unless they decide for a montenegro-like agreement, 
  if it was a land of opportunity we would n't have 1,2 millions romanians ( and rising ) in italy of all places, 
  if italy , france , heck the eu as a whole can benefit from eu 's exit why should n't we ? 
   for me only parties who believe in a class struggle are `` real '' socialist , but again where leads this to ? 
  is then podemos not really a `` socialist '' party ? 
  i dont really care actually . 
  i think there are several spins to socialism . 
  podemos is somewhere in between democratic socialism and socialdemocracy ( although it leans more towards the former ) and democratic socialism is its own kind of socialism ( whereas socialdemocracy is a different ideology altogether ) same goes for national socialists . 
  they believe in their own ideology which is distinct from socialism but still tied to it . 
   the name was basically a relict from the 19th century where three basic political categories exist : liberalism , socialism and conservativism . 
  kind of but nationalism had already formed as an ideology in the early 20th century before the nationalsocialists took power in germany . 
   i curved a bit too much , but today the term socialist is anyway meanigless since it would put hollande for example together in the same category as stalin which is as absurd as comparing hollande with hitler . 
  in the end you need to analyse yourself what the real goals of a politcal movement are instead of relying on some political buzzwords . 
  hollande is n't even close to being a socialist . 
  the names of most of the socialist parties in europe are a relic of the past . 
  it does n't , at least not the kind of national socialism that was enacted by hitler or by mussolini during the 20s . 
  [ you could argue that italian fascists between 43 and 45 were closer to socialism though ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/republican_fascist_party ), 
  not really . 
  nationalsocialists are part of the far right but there are different ideologies inside the far right . 
  the largest divide is between the parties of the social right and propose left wing measures in economical terms ( that can be identified with the nationalsocialists and even more so with the fascist government in italy during the 30s and 40s but especially between 43 and 45 ) and the ones who are right wing even in economical terms endorsing liberalism, 
  serbia and croatia would like a word with you, 
  pasta organized crime architecture, 
  it 's probably the right thing to do . 
  i would n't enter a monetary union without a political one ( and i am pretty europeist ) . 
  the euro was seen as a positive development at its time but with time it has shown its weaknesses , especially in regard to struggling economies like italy , spain , greece or even finland . 
  i would have chosen to enter the euro at the time but i would n't now, 
   i 'd give istria and reka to slovenia , tho :d doh !, 
  * irrendentism intensifies *, 
  does n't change anything , the attack is still despicable and all bets are off that the ones who did attack were part of a right wing group . 
  you can be asian and be part of one such groups . 
  by the way , there are enough whites in leeds , it 's not like they are running out of them, 
  italian far right wing parties are . 
  case in point : the man who did attack was a militant of one such fringe party that could be compared to the bnp . 
  the difference is that casapound has 0,2 % of votes and bnp 2-2 ,5 %, 
  true !, 
  i forgot about him since he is n't on tv 24/7 as he used to be until late 2014, 
  to be fair , he was much more subtle , more charming and more charismatic . 
  you have never watched him on telly but he would beat anyone in a public debate even starting from an unfavoured position . 
  i despise the man but his oratory skills ca n't be compared to trump 's . 
  anyone can pull a trump but no one can pull a berlusconi . 
  if there 's an italian politician 's rhetoric i would compare trump 's to is grillo 's, 
  it seems wikipedia was wrong . 
  they said hdz had taken only 59 seats against 56 seats and several seats to minor parties in between ok , can you give us istria and fiume back now ? 
  militarly , brasil and india are a long way from becoming more than regional powers, 
   it will probably be organized by the italian the surprise when the italian government will give the role to organize this army to someone from sudtirol, 
  please no more benelux , they have enough institutions already . 
  given that the main threats to european countries are to the east ( russia ) and south-southeast ( middle east plus maghreb ) , the headquarters should be in somewhere halfway between the russian border and maghreb so i think northeastern italy would be perfect . 
  there 's already a large nato base in aviano and to make a eu one close to it would be a good move logistically, 
  agreed . 
  they wo n't be always there and it 's fair for us to look at alternatives and this is one of them, 
   big neo-conservative union . 
  what big neo conservative union ? 
  if anything neo liberal but things can be changed from the inside of this union . 
  and cultural marxists are 2-3 % of the european population , i guess you use the term to refer to anything slightly to the left , from the social liberals to marxist leninists but it only really applies to the latter . 
  a soc-dem is n't a cultural marxist, 
   you french and germans are just about the only ones who have good reasons to be happy about this , since you 're in all likelyhood going to be pulling most of the strings . 
  eastern europeans , italians , spanish and greeks have plenty of different reasons to jump in joy or at least to be happy about this . 
  greece , spain and italy get proper support regarding how to deal with the immigrants that are coming from morocco/libya/turkey , eastern europe would n't have to worry about russian threats anymore as it would have a strong army defending its borders and checking on what russia is doing . 
  actually anyone has a reason to be happy because we could have a stronger , well equipped defensive army without having to increase national defense budget, 
  i am, 
  also known as the trump method, 
  and ennadha now is n't islamist anymore, 
  of course we would but i think the majority would want the embargo to be lifted for example, 
  depends on the motivations of the attacks . 
  if the majority of these 100 attacks are racially motivated , then it is a big deal . 
  aside from that , verbal abuse and other acts of this kind are largely unreported, 
  there used to be many here working in the fields or doing jobs italians generally did n't want to do . 
  we liked them too but since 2008 they are all gone :(, 
  the problem is not socialism in itself because there are several ideas socialism can be modelled after and several recent ones ( for example democratic socialism can kinda work in a western society and so could bookchin 's communitarism ) but the political discours tied with it is because the working class makes up a smaller and smaller amount of the population and because the average working class man/woman does n't feel protected by these parties anymore . 
  left wingers have to appeal to the middle class and that 's what makes parties like the greens more effective in winning voters nowadays . 
  the ideal solution for the left would be a mixture of social democratic or democratic socialist ideas with green politics, 
  not even 10-15 % of brexiters are racists but all racists were brexiters . 
  brexit has made these far right fringe groups stronger . 
  honestly , ukip , bnp and several more of the groups who supported leave from the right and were to integral to brexit before the referendum were the one who made this shit possible . 
  once they won , there was a large surge in attacks of this kind, 
  we have no interest of doing it , western european countries look at russia as a good commercial partner while eastern european countries look at it as a threat, 
  depends on moderation . 
  things stay civil on syrian civil war subreddit even though there are all the premises for a good fight . 
  i think albania-serbia comments clashes are quite good though , the best in europe, 
  seems like an able politician then, 
   in eastern europe yes . 
  was talking about eastern europe . 
  in europe , thatcher , reagan and neo liberalism/neo conservativism have done the same dirty work although not nearly to the same extent  in the west i do n't really see it . 
  france , italy , spain , portugal still have strong social-democratic parties .
