  just make it sheffield , then !, 
  if you want anything gloomier and more industrial looking than manchester , that 's it . 
  southern italians would n't mind . 
  to us southerners , with the dialect they speak in piedmont they might as well be french and we ca n't stand milanese people anyway , so let 's just send them back to austria . 
  nigel farage 's wet dream, 
  so basically kinda like certain parts of the appennines in italy . 
  they will ally with vistula against russia , get real prussia and then stab vistula and partition it with russia . 
  good job , lithuania !, 
  not the same borders . 
  taranto ( taras ) which was one of the main colonies is missing . 
  it 's stuck on the southeastern edge of adriatica, 
  no key reasons . 
  the campaign has got going for good in september and i would consider valid only the polls since august-september because before then , there were no debates and discussion about the referendum was fairly uncommon . 
  either way , the no committees ( especially the left wing i vote no committee ) is running a good campaign on the cheap ( making it basically a confidence vote on renzi which he is doomed to lose ) . 
  aside from that , i would point out that a no win is n't as clear as it seems . 
  the young demographic ( 18-30 ) heavily swings for the no ( 57 % ) and it would n't surprise me if turnout amongst this demographic was lower than expected . 
  i was mostly kinda pointing what kind of men he was . 
  drinking alcohool is a right just like smoking marijuana is . 
  two faces of the same coin , maybe not a civil right but still a minor right nonetheless . 
  a party can not pass its full agenda but the current government has more than shown that through comprimises it 's possible to pass laws and reforms . 
  maybe not for a full legislation but more often than not , the parties making the government and their agendas remain the same , it 's just the faces who make up the government who change . 
  i mean , we have been going on with coalitions ever since 1945 . 
  i ca n't see why we ca n't continue . 
  it 's a mix really . 
  most of them are fairly left wing ( and with left wing , i mean that the least left wing is a socialdemocrat and the most an anarcho-communist ) with the rest not caring about politics . 
  i think the main reasons are : not liking renzi and his government ( which from a left wing point of view is understandable ) ; fear of the new electoral law which gives the winning party a clear majority ; being edgy kids . 
  adriatica represent !, 
  albania and montenegro plus the city of neum will be next !, 
   more ... ... ... mate . 
  i do n't think you can draw many similiarities between these events , but i 'm not exactly familiar with modern greek history . 
  i am comparing golden dawn , an openly neo-fascist group , with the blackshirt , the armed group tied to the italian fascist party . 
  your hatred for these people ( even though a few of them were guilty this time ) brought you as far as justifying a barbarian , backwards and openly destructive political group ( they started burning the asylum seekers shelter and stoning them for christ 's sake ; something not too different from isis ) . 
   where is police when these `` refugees '' roam the streets , break into stores , attack locals and destroy property ? 
  we can agree that police did a woeful job but the same can be said when locals happen to do the same thing  why are n't they being deported ? 
  because they have a right to claim asylum since a fair few of them are claiming asylum . 
  in fact , you should notice that it was only a couple , a minority of these asylum seekers who acted in this way . 
  i think the ones who did the crimes are the ones who should be deported and not all of them . 
   local residents of islands with camps on them must feel like they 're in hell right now . 
  i assume most of the people lived off tourism there and that is gone right now . 
  they ca n't even feel safe in their cities anymore . 
  it 's not only greece , you hear these stories from calais and other places as well . 
  how can you know they do n't feel safe anymore ? 
  lampedusa , a similar island , elected a strongly left wing pro immigration mayor and despite the countless arrivals , tourism is still going strong there because the immigration camp is well controlled and things are kept in check . 
  do n't act like the same things happen elsewhere . 
  just like landowners took matters in their own hands hiring the blackshirts to torture , beat and humiliate workers , trade unionists , left wingers , ecc . 
  in the 20s ... ... ... ... they were citizens who took matters in their own hands too ... ... 
  short term , the approval of the constitutional change would be best but medium/long term , it 's more unclear . 
  it depends on the actions of the government itself because if the electoral law stays as it is , there 's a big chance of seeing euroskeptical ( as in they want out of the euro more often than not ) five star movement hold the majority of seats in the parliament come 2018 ( take into account that the two rounds system of the electoral law favours them because they are neither left wing nor center right so they basically gain all those votes in the second round ), 
  the key reasons are the fact that the senate would be `` unelected '' ( citizens would basically advice the regional council on the senators they should choose but that 's it ) , the fact that the new senate would be mostly useless ( its goal is to represent local institutions in parliament but it has very little legislative powers and can easily be bypassed by the chamber of the deputees ) , the fact that the government will have more powers than it currently does with the party or the single coalition winning 55 % of seats if they win 38 % of votes in the first round or if they win the second round ( this is more tied to the electoral law whose destiny depends on this referendum ) . 
  another valid reason is that the various regional counselors who will double as senators will have to spend monday to wednesday-thursday doing the first work and the rest of the week ( except sundays ) doing the latter which would mean they could n't give their best in any of the two jobs . 
   the same people who tried to overthrow the government in the failed western funded '' moscow maidan '' in 2012 . 
  they did n't try to overthrow anything . 
  navalny is forbidden from partecipating in legal elections because he tried to uncover the dirt inside the government . 
  he 's no angel but he was the only threat to putin and his cronies . 
  i think you drunk too much of the russian propaganda kool-aid, 
   what will happen if it will not pass after fmi , ue and us had hardly suggested to do it , as they did with the suggestion to vote no into the brexit referendum ? 
  pretty much nothing . 
  sure , it 's a crucial structural change but nothing will change for the worse . 
  the win of the no basically means confirming the status quo . 
  the only place where there would be consequences is the relationship with the eu . 
  renzi , who now prides himself in having the most mps inside the european party of socialists and which has became the main figure to oppose the epp , would be greatly weakened during future negotiations with the eu . 
  that is , if he does n't resign or if he is n't forced to resign ( although it looks like a remote possibility ) . 
  either way , with a no vote , italy will be weakened in eu meetings and its role within the eu will be reduced for the meantime, 
   those consequences talks about which consequences there will be for renzi and pd , that could affect italian in italy in a second step , surely those do n't seems to affect italian abroad or european citizens . 
  this affect the european union too because much of the scaremongering about a no win abroad has been that it would start a referendum about an euro exit which is a flat out lie i see often in foreign medias . 
  aside from that , it 's naive to think that the political situation in italy does n't have effects on the eu and the relationship with other member states . 
   also , the concequences should be focused on italian organization and improved / lowered efficency in a middle-long terms , not about politcian which are supposed to not stay in charge forever . 
  as for middle/long term , there are differing opinions about what will happen and giving out mine would make the post biased . 
  let 's just say that a no vote would result in the status quo . 
  in terms of law , nothing would change from how it used to be . 
  at the same time , it would most likely halt the reform spree started by the current government . 
  if the constitutional changes were to be approved , the current government would continue its reforms ( notice that reforms does n't always mean something positive ; for example i would n't call the abolition of the article 18 a step ahead ) but would still find opposition given that the approval rating of the government sits at around 35 % and every move would still be looked with scrutiny  about before-after changes , would be more useful to have a text comparison point by point rather than an interpretation about them ( that still be useful in a second step ) fair enough but it 's already taken me much to write this . 
  appreciate the effort because it 's more informative ( although messy in terms of order maybe ) than anything i have seen written on foreign medias . 
   the so called '' russian opposition '' is funded by the west , supported by the west with the ultimate aim of a militant take over and regime change in the country . 
  what opposition ? 
  communist party and liberal democratic party are even more hostile to the west while a just russia is in putin 's pockets . 
  somewhere closer to the greek system . 
  if a party reaches 38 % , they get the majority . 
  that sounds more palatable already given that i doubt a party will ever get near that percentage as things currently are . 
  it would take the collapse of forza italia for it to happen . 
  the first part is an introduction which explains what 's happening . 
  then , you have the political consequences which are what matters the most to r/europe 's readers ( they do n't have to vote on the issues and go into detail about how the new senate will be ) . 
  after that , you have the polls . 
  at the end , you have the reform explained into a more detailed manner . 
  i do n't see where the confusing part is . 
  problem is that renzi promised to the minority inside his own party to repel the two round system . 
  i would rather a not so polarized system where parties have to work together ( even with grand coalitions ) , possibly with a 4 % barrier to block centrist parties to be the kingmaker and punching above their political weight like they have done until now . 
  anything except fptp and two rounds system goes well with me . 
  we do n't know whether the senate will remain unelected . 
  renzi wants to keep it this way but to get the support of part of the minority within his own , he pledged to make a few changes to make the senate appointed directly by the citizens and to scrap the two rounds system from the electoral law . 
  the problem is : will he keep his word ? 
   if i had a vote i 'd vote yes . 
  though i know plenty of italians say that they 'll vote no because they do n't want to hand too much executive power to any govt for fear of a future extremist govt . 
  that 's the reason why i may vote no ( still undecided ) and why most left wingers ( anything socialdemocratic and left of socialdemocracy ) will vote no . 
  i am too . 
  i change opinion like every five minutes because the reform has positive and negative points for me . 
  i just wish this referendum was broken into five different ones each addressing a part of the reform like the radicals wanted . 
  it is n't . 
  i am still undecided ... ... ... why does it look like propaganda for any of the sides ? 
  they are men of little worth : they are thieves and vandals who do n't deserve any kind of asylum .
