  if the brexiters did get two referendums to have their wishes come true , i think the same should go for the scottish and for the bremainers then, 
  he does live in the caucasus so maybe he has knowledge about the whole situation, 
  well , i have never heard about that in the medias . 
  could you link me to an article ? 
  well , this is a good idea but i do n't know whether it would work because christian fundamentalism is alive and kicking through organizations like opus dei or usa evangelism and the church still is organizing marches against lgbt rights or abortion . 
  if we ca n't fund certain ideologies , we can much more easily just have french trained moderate imams do the teaching instead of homemade ones or saudi/qatari funded ones . 
  we need to ostracize the radicals and let people forget about them . 
  we need to take their ideology off the map and off of history, 
   do they have any common identity ? 
  being french  do you think that france needs more and more secularity to fight radical islam ? 
  they need to hold on to their secularism and support economically a more moderate kind of islam that is closer to french values  have you seen last world youth days in poland ? 
  people from all over the world speaking so many different languages were united and friendly , because there were only christians all-around . 
  unfortunately have seen too much of it on italian medias . 
  italy is not much different from poland , maybe not as religious but clearly nowhere near as secular as france , especially considering older generations , so this part of the west is not much more secular than poland is . 
  having had close contact with the church for year , i can tell you i have mixed feelings about it . 
  on one side , you have several people and organizations that have a positive impact on society but on the other side , these same people are holding the world back with their dogmatic beliefs , are defending the privileges of the church ( which is the thing that matters the most to the church nowadays ) and for everyone of them there 's someone who preaches well and acts the opposite . 
  how many stories have you heard of abuse from inside the church ? 
  do you know that for several missionaries in africa care as much for the health of these people as they do about proselytizing ? 
  i could go on and on . 
  we need rationalism to be irrationalism of any form , benign and malign one, 
  it 's the third time i had to answer that this was a joke . 
  i know sufis are n't extremist , actually far from it but it can be considered an early sign of what was to come . 
  it can be said that islam ( sufi , sunni or wahhabi ) came to be known as part of the chechen independence movement due to him and strenghtened as a result with the new uptick in independentism in the 90s, 
  the closing of the balkan route leaves space for new ways to enter into europe and going through belarus to poland is one of them . 
  one of our ministers had already said so a while ago in a speech about the lack of a single immigration policy in the eu, 
  here 's the radicalism dating from 18th century . 
  at least , today , it would be considered as such although it was n't at the time :  the rebellion was led by mansur ushurma , a chechen naqshbandi ( sufi ) sheikh -- with wavering military support from other north caucasian tribes . 
  mansur hoped to establish a transcaucasus islamic state under shari'a law . 
  he was unable to fully achieve this because in the course of the war he was betrayed by the ottomans , handed over to russians , and executed in 1794 . 
  you are right but trump 's is mostly populist talk that will not be realized . 
  anyway , i see nato as something from the past , a remnant of the cold war and i think the creation of a european army would at the very least lead to a renegotiation of the atlantic alliance under different terms . 
  it 's inevitable that nato will have to change sooner or later, 
  what would you do about it ? 
   they are from different cultural circle , what is more they ca n't even live well with russians and they have been living on russian soil for quite a while . 
  not all chechens are the same . 
  remember that but it has a strong history of radicalism dating from the 18th-19th century and i think it 's likely that radicals would be trying to find a way out of the country so they are more likely to be between those asylum seekers than the average chechen would be . 
  you prolly made the right choice . 
  as far as i know , militias still have a stronghold from the south of the country so these people may as well escape from these militias or simply trying to take advantage of the refugee rules . 
  i am neutral on poland 's choice because i do n't know the implications behind it and it may be they thought the same things you did . 
  even then , if hardline republicans are n't a majority amongst the republicans in the senate and congress they wo n't have their way . 
  i think the party is at risk of splitting, 
  i understand your worries actually . 
  i think you should judge case by case and person by person . 
  that 's why i think that a diplomatic relationship with russia to know what this people were up to in chechnya is needed . 
  if there are no problems with them , i do n't see why they should n't accepted given that they are a handful and there 's a low intensity war going on in chechnya, 
   create a link for what ? 
  russia wants to hunt them down , kadyrov wants to hunt them down and both actually did it , in other countries including the eu countries . 
  it 's not a wise move at all . 
  create a link to know the identities of these chechen citizens and whether they have any links with suspected groups and people back at home . 
  the ones who are involved with radicalism would be brought back to russia to be persecuted by authorities, 
  that 's much more difficult to pull out and requires a strong cell with several links . 
  it wo n't happen because the larger they get the easier it is for their plans to be discovered . 
  lone wolves attacks are much more difficult to discover than organized cells, 
  i do n't see the problem . 
  several chechens have come to europe and i have rarely heard about them creating problems . 
  the ones that practice extremism prolly stay behind . 
  it would be wise to create a link with russia to control the movement of chechen war veterans and radicals though and bring them back to russian authorities if they try to move here, 
  there are several reasons not to accept belarus and this is one of the least important . 
  i care more about the lack of freedom of speech , freedom of press and democracy than i do about a handful of chechen refugees, 
  it 's around 90 % but the vast majority remains peaceful and is n't at odds against us, 
  i know , mine was a joke, 
   i do n't see any good solution of this problem . 
  you ca n't only fight ideology with sword . 
  you need another strong ideology to be succesfull in that fight . 
  and when i speak about another ideology i mean christianity . 
  the same christianity which is dying slowly in modern europe ... you do n't need more religion to fight religion . 
  you need secularism to fight it and secularism can be just as strong as an ideology as christianity can be, 
   the logic on it is quite simple . 
  islam as a religion and community is fine as long as it is a tiny minority . 
  the stronger it grows in numbers the more they can demand and change within a democratic society . 
  its time to regulate the growth of islam , that is the only thing that will ensure it remains a submissive and relatively benign in european society . 
  well , that 's what hollande actually wants to do . 
  he does n't want to do it overtly but from behind the scenes . 
  he does n't want to make up his brand of islam but probably just fund some scholars and sects, 
  i think you do n't understand what hollande wants to say . 
  he wants to keep the islamic community in france under check funding scholars and opening mosques that are more sympathetic to the french way of life, 
  they can just like saudi arabia has been doing for decades now with wahhabbism using this ideology to control muslims all over the middle east . 
  france and european countries need to fund the most tolerant and moderate scholars . 
  they need to fund alevis , sufis and sects that do n't hold views that clash with the west and its values . 
  they need to stop the influx of money coming from gulf countries to create salafite or wahabbist mosques in europe 's heartland, 
  he , just like several french politicians , wants to shape out an islam that 's compatible with french values and laws, 
   this is why we should let protest parties rule in places where they can not do to much damage . 
  i think it depends on the person more so than it does on the party ( although they are showing their incompetence on the whole here ) . 
  m5s won in rome with raggi and in turin with appendino : the former basically won because of the involvement of both the left and the right in the various scandals that had taken place in the city in the last two administations the latter was elected not because of protest but because of her platform . 
  she appeared moderate from the beginning , had experience in the city council and did n't base her campaign against the previous administration . 
  she also had already chosen her managers , ecc . 
  and had made her plans pretty clear before being elected . 
  what do we understand from this ? 
  experience is key and so is competence . 
  m5s has made the mistake of choosing someone with little experience in a city full of problems such as rome and are paying the price for it . 
  honestly , i am pretty convinced that most european countries did n't want to intervene in libya . 
  sarkozy is still not looked favourably because of it here . 
  yeah , that 's because democrats do n't get the minorities to vote as often as the republicans are with tea party kind of folks . 
  i think eventually things will shift , if libertarians and greens get 5 % in the upcoming elections , then they will access state funding and be able to increase their support . 
  i will be more interested in that than i will be with the actual winner ( trump will be blocked by moderate republicans in the senate or congress anyway so we wo n't get to see any of his proposals come true ) . 
  problem is that no one of us wants an offensive army . 
  people supporting interventionism are an at all time low . 
  even the right has turned against it several times . 
  support for the usa were at an all time low ( compare the ratings in a country like italy during bush 's presidency and during obama 's ) after the iraqi war and bush expansionism , in fact we enjoy the usa despite its foreign policy and not because of it, 
  i do n't remember all italian parties being as united as they were as during the war in libya .
