  they could also strike similar deals with plaid cymru and sinn fein which are bound to get seats, 
  i think fptp should be changed but if i am a blairite and want to shake up things , i would surely not vote for either corbyn or may so my point still stands . 
  not if there 's a sustainable amount of immigration ( say 75-100k people a year for a country of the population of the uk ), 
  yeah , that 's what i meant . 
  agreed . 
  our countries need to give people more incentives to make more babies and to offer more services for these babies . 
  look at france , they are doing it right when it comes to this . 
  we do n't even need to reach a 2.1 rate ( replacemente rate ) but a 1.8 one would suffice as a sustainable amount of immigration could offset the loss . 
   also i would n't bring up how useful being in a coalition was for the lib dems considering they backtracked on key pledges and got slaughtered at the next ge . 
  which is why i said that they were n't able to do it . 
  over this whole issue , let 's just agree to disagree . 
  you have a flawed view of how a democracy should work . 
  it 's certainly not socialism but roughly a third way that ended up being more similar to capitalism  the `` capitalists '' in this system were owners in name only . 
  they were the same people who were owners before 1933 so they kept doing their job . 
  not for the 30 % that 'll still vote labour . 
  the problem is basically subsaharian africa . 
  without it , we would n't have to fear as much in the long run . 
  the most precarious and struggling continent is the one that 's booming unfortunately, 
  a middle way would be the best solution . 
  fertility rate at about 1.8 , a sustanaible amount of immigration , stable population, 
   they could say they 'd rejoin the eu . 
  they wo n't though . 
  not with corbyn in charge . 
   so they would offer a full federal uk . 
  sounds like a workable solution but snp would n't push for that if they have a actual chance of winning a referendum which they do . 
  labour voters would be what matters in an eventual scoxit referendum and if labour keeps quiet , then snp would get what they want, 
  does it ? 
  a vote for the lib dems helps the lib dems . 
  if people had n't voted en masse for ukip , cameron might not have concedere a brexit referendum and the same goes for lib dems . 
  if they did n't receive voters in 2010 , they would n't have been kingmakers and leverage the parliament on the issues they cared about . 
  that they were n't able to do it is another matter . 
  you will have no problem whenever the chp and hdp have won . 
  where akp has won , it 's ok only if you are in a large resort, 
  antalya and izmir are actually large cities and not resorts . 
  if it was the guardian , you would be right but this is the telegraph, 
  this is old . 
  buonanno died a couple years ago, 
  three polls out of 75 and that 's while 80 % of mps attacked and built his image as that of an unelectable trot when he is neither of them and just a normal socialdemocratic politician, 
  the point is that people do agree . 
  whether he 's right or not , it 's another matter, 
  it could be a left wing thing as well . 
  we do have primaries only amongst the left wing/center-left here in italy, 
  it was n't in practice . 
  fascism found a third way that included socialistic elements ( it had by far the most nationalized industries after the ussr by 1940 already ) while nazism was capitalistic in practice and socialist only in name . 
   the lib dems were never credible , no third party is . 
  its a two party system with fptp voting . 
  if you do n't vote for the runner up you 're supporting whoever wins . 
  that logic gets brought any single time . 
  you decide to change things and if labour is actually unpopular , people will slowly flock to lib dems just like they did in the 80s . 
  they are a valuable alternative that gets dismissed time and time again because some people want to think only in a binary way because having more than two choices is difficult for them . 
  unfortunately , this is n't what democracy should be about . 
  democracy should be about finding what resembles your views the most closely, 
  the majority agrees with nationalization fo railways , healthcare and welfare with corbyn . 
  the only thing where his ideas are unpopular is when it comes to foreign policy . 
  most people agreed with brexit as well which is what he secretly wanted, 
  nazism was n't . 
  fascism had more clearly defined anti capitalistic elements but they still flirted with capitalism for a long time as they needed the support of the conservative and monarchist industrials that controlled the country 's economy . 
  fascism became clearly anti capitalistic only between 1943 and 1945, 
   phenomenons like bernie sanders or podemos in spain would n't even have existed was n't it for people deciding to collaborate on internet . 
  even though , it 's clearly not as left wing , five star movement as well . 
  most of the party 's activist ( and economical policies ) are left wing and they were born as that kind of party . 
   the big social media companies keep developing more efficient algorythms to direct the flow of information , and while they 're mainly using it for ads not , it may be a matter of time before parties and lobbies actually take these services to the next level . 
  that would be a sad development but i still believe that internet is the most free source of information . 
  it may have side effects but i accept it with all its pros and its cons as being better than newspapers are at the moment, 
  so the british want to choose between a centrist and a center right party ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  many do n't want austerity . 
  many do n't want economical liberalism and deregulation . 
  many do n't want privatizations or cuts to welfare . 
  people are just being misled regarding the figure of corbyn because him and labour members now believe in what they say and in their political project while blairites were just lib dems in disguise . 
  they should n't though , that 's my point . 
  are lib dems not credible now ? 
  they have made mistakes with clegg but their leadership has changed now . 
  can not they be forgiven for their past mistakes ? 
  tories seem to be every time, 
  for trump , it 's a facade while corbyn believes in these political ideas . 
  aside from that , corbyn wants to refrain from any foreign military intervention while trump has shown signs he wants to escalate things in syria, 
   to give voters a choice of a government that 's more central than the tories . 
  then why do lib dems exist at all ? 
  blair is not a socialdemocratic so he does n't represent labour if they are meant to be that kind of party . 
  it 's a sad thing . 
  i hope it changes with the internet and the social medias gaining influence . 
  the problem is that the old money which supports most big papers is mostly conservative or liberal . 
  it 's hard to find a relevant left wing ( as in socialdemocratic or democratic socialist ) newspaper anymore, 
   would have to offer more than a referendum though , that 's already in the hands of the scots . 
  what do you think they would have to offer ? 
  aside from a referendum and neutrality about it , i ca n't think of anything else . 
  if labour crumbles , then the greens will take their place . 
  a self respecting labour voter will surely not flock to either tories ro ukip, 
   joint administration of the falklands what 's wrong with it ? 
  they are a remnant of colonialism  he is a pacifist who opposed the bombing of isis in syria and in iraq ( even though the iraqi government was begging for international assistance to save baghdad ) . 
  that 's what a pacifist actually does . 
  not that i agree with it  corbyn has supported the ira has he ? 
  he worked closely with them but it does n't mean he actually supported them . 
  he probably supported their ideas but not their terrorism . 
  that speaks poorly of your electoral system in my opinion, 
   and the libdems have their own spot now on the centre-right instead of competing with both labour and the tories . 
  lib dems are centrists now with farron . 
  he 's certainly more left leaning than clegg was . 
  not if they keep 2015 support and add up the votes of the greens and of a good chunk of people who did n't vote beforehand .
