  that 's the problem . 
  it seems to me you have drunk too much of the far right kool aid on immigration policy without thinking at the problems there would be to realize these solutions, 
   the main problem is this `` not my problem '' attitude that seems to be the default in europe . 
  refugee crisis was brewing for 4 years and nobody was willing to even consider that greece might need help . 
  then germans take responsibility and everyone hates them for `` inviting the invaders '' . 
  yes they fucked up but at least they had the guts to take responsibility , everyone else stuck their head in the sand . 
  so true !, 
  merkel had the guts to take a political gamble on the issue and to help relieve the situation in greece , something no one else 's done . 
  she may have done it the wrong way but she tried, 
  it 's one thing to let people behind a wall and it 's another to let people drown in the midst of a sea where they would have no chances of survival . 
  because of the lack of unpopulated islands and areas . 
  by the way , refugees detention centers kinda exist already . 
  lampedusa is one of them for example but most of those who stay there refuse to give their identities and in the end are moved to similar centers in the mainland . 
  but does france care about a handful of refugees enough to leave the eu ? 
  i hope not, 
   letting refugees enter italy , spain you either let them drown or do what italian and spanish government do already . 
  the only way to reach these countries from northern africa is the mediterranean and there 's nothing we can do . 
  the australian solution is impracticable . 
  first of all , there 's barely an unpopulated island in the midst of the mediterranean and chances are that the citizens of lampedusa , linosa , menorca or whatever island is chosen would stage a protest and disagree with this solution . 
  the situation in lampedusa where there 's a detention center ( we can call it europe 's ellis island because most immigrants coming from the shores of northern africa pass from there ) is desperate enough already . 
  as for eu refugee centers in northern africa , you would have these countries to agree and i 'm not sure they will . 
  i think libya is the only country that could , at least gaddafi kinda did . 
  anyway , i think there 's a solution but it 's more difficult than the one presented by right wing parties who do n't care about the issues other than getting votes with promises which can not be kept, 
   part of me wants to just bring back death penalty for these kinds of human scum . 
  but that would mean abandoning our values and descending to their level and it would make him a martyr . 
  life imprisonment in isolation or semi-isolation . 
  that said , [ in somalia they are trying to see how a deradicalization program works ] ( http://library.fundforpeace.org/blog-20160127-terrorism ) on former shabab fighters and it seems there 's a pretty similar rate than the average prisoner has of committing crimes again . 
  [ pakistan and saudi arabia has done it as well ] ( http://www.wsj.com/articles/a-test-case-for-deradicalization-1430944585 ) . 
  do n't know how it would work for someone as high ranked or well thought as choudary though . 
   the saudis have touted their program as having a recidivism rate of just 10 % to 20 % , according to a report on deradicalization written by dr. stern . 
  but one graduate of the saudi program later became a leader of al qaeda in yemen . 
  standards have grown and people want their children to live a life as good as they did , something which they ca n't guarantee . 
  the main problem though seems lack of time to look after these children ( since both parents work ) . 
  i think the gamechanger would actually be policies addressed at offering places where these children can spend their day in the time window before they start going to kindergarten . 
  the situation is starting to improve though , schools offer way more in the afternoon than they did in the past for example and that 's already a step ahead . 
  one last problem is that females fear losing their work after maternity or fear that their children would at least hold back their career, 
   and have ~ ~ mexico ~ ~ african countries pay for them ftfy !, 
  in fact , i think life imprisonment is probably the best solution for this kind of crime , especially if talking of a higher up who shows no remorse regarding his wrongdoings . 
  i think life solitary imprisonment is the best method . 
  maybe , at most , give him an access to similar prisoners once upon a time . 
  it 's similar to what turkey does with ocalan . 
  difference is that there is n't a political party as supportive of him as hdp is so his ideas would remain confined there, 
  what if the wall commits itself to jihad and crumbles on purpose to free a martyr like him ? 
  who do we blame for that ? 
  because it does n't exist anymore in britain and for a good reason . 
  good but that 's not enough time for him . 
  i wonder if a person like that can change so radically to become a valuable member of society again . 
  i think he will most likely keep posing a threat once he 'll be free again, 
  ** italy ** * [ five star movement is first in the polls for the first time since its birth ] ( http://cdn2.scenaripolitici.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/09/emg1.jpg ) * the usual tv programmes are back . 
  in fact , in italy the main presenters and shows of the tv channels ( whether private like mediaset or state owned like rain ) take a summer break that lasts from the last week of may to the first of september . 
  in summer , all we have are reruns or filler shows . 
  * colder weather has settled in with temps dropping below 10c \u00b0 in the areas affected by the recent earthquake , most of which are sleeping in tents . 
  thunderstorms are expected throughout the southern half of the country * five star movement are facing a crisis in rome due to one of the new mayor 's choices as manager for the city 's environmental problems being investigated . 
  the problem is that whether it would be normal for any party to carry on , it 's against their rules ( anyone investigated of wrongdoing should step down and be kicked out of the party ) but since she was n't elected through the party but chosen by the new mayor and she does n't want to step down , there 's nothing to do about her . 
  also , the new mayor supports her and has lied about her warranty warning but they risk losing face ( and votes ) if they do n't give her support * a famous constitutionalist said he will step down from his job uni professor if the no to the new constitutional reform does n't win, 
  we call them radical chic in italy . 
  it 's basically a socialist bourgeoisie that cares more for identity politics than about what socialist scholars said, 
   swedish politicians they are n't that bad . 
  the only thing that makes me laugh in despair is that there 's actually a party called feminist initiative that has 3 % of the votes . 
  it seems weird to read about getting to an airport through boat . 
  it has quite a james bond-esque feeling to it, 
  exactly . 
  i can understand it in the usa where there are still problems to put equality in practice but not the uk where even if there are problems , they do n't run nearly as deep and are n't about to it seems that the whole protest was n't exclusively for this issue but about things like climate change , immigration policy , ecc . 
  that said , were i an uk citizen , i would see it disturbing to see any kind of divisive politics whether they come for the right ( ukip ) or left ( blm ) . 
  right wing parties do identitary politics as well . 
  their voters just do n't seem to realize it . 
  for example , campaigning for the white working class as several populist parties do is identitary politics, 
  i can understand why there 's a black lives matter in the usa but i do n't understand the need for it in the uk, 
  i knew we could rely on japan or else we would n't have been allies through hard times , 
  yeah i think that for this reason i heard it called a sleeping fault or something akin to it, 
  yep  funny we have to thank a neapolitan queen for them though, 
  they did n't do the math at the time . 
  there was a fault near mirandola scientists had yet to discover and which forced them to upgrade the area to 2/3 after the earthquakes happened, 
  we have to cross our fingers that it 's handled as well as friuli 1976 or even emilia 2012 and not like irpinia 1980 and l'aquila 2009, 
  i 'm curious to know what happened afterwards . 
  did they get a new home built for them ? 
  did they have to move ? 
  earthquake of this strenght are a concern elsewhere too . 
  [ a 5,1 earthquake in lorca ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2011_lorca_earthquake ) , spain did quite a bit of damage for its strenght having caused the death of 9 people, 
  it was n't as much the earthquake as the tsunami after that that did so much more damage, 
  if we ever get a unified europe , bidets should be made compulsory . 
  i swear they are the best thing the french have ever invented, 
  no names released yet, 
  ok , i get it . 
  fixed, 
  in the meanwhile , prime minister renzi has just came up with an official declaration :  pulling people out of the rubble is difficult , but you can see how good civil protection workers have been . 
  the work is carrying on and our priority is get people out of the rubble . 
    in the afternoon i will visit the area and i will be involved with meetings with the authorities concerned : the head of the department for civil protection , and the minister for infrastructures and a great number of others . 
    at moments of difficulty italy knows how to cope . 
  and when things do n't go well , the whole of italy demonstrates its most beautiful aspects . 
  from now on we will make sure that we wo n't leave any families or communes on their own . 
  and he will really work , because in the next few hours we can save human lives from the rubble and give hope to those territories that have been so badly affected . 
  i guess so . 
  it is n't as popular here ( aside from honeymoons and winter holidays ) but it seems to be big in central/northern europe . 
  if the whole arab spring did n't affect egypt it probably would n't benearly as popular though, 
  example : lioni [ before ] ( http://www.storiadilioni.it/gallerie%20fotografiche%20vecchio%20sito/foto%20terremoto/chiesamadre.jpg ) and [ after ] ( http://www.comune.lioni.av.it/c064044/images/slide/oggi/parrocchia-santa-maria-assunta.jpg ) , 
  it seemed strange that a serbian would know so much about italian newspapers ahahah anyway , english tend to take daily mail and the sun much more seriously than we do dagospia , chi or novella 2000 . 
  that 's the problem . 
  gossip papers tend to talk about politics there . 
   england has more freedom of speech and every `` journal '' can write what they want without the clusterfuck drama as it happens in italy after every il fatto quotidiano headline .
