  spain is more left wing than france and italy has a weaker `` far right/right wing '' movement than france at the moment . 
  even if a decent chuck of m5s kind of voters were pro trump , it would 25-30 % . 
  [ there 's this general overview ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/29/as-obama-years-draw-to-close-president-and-u-s-seen-favorably-in-europe-and-asia/ ), 
  http://edition.cnn.com/2016/06/29/politics/pew-poll-obama-trump-clinton/  the poll also found that 22 % of those in china -- which trump has repeatedly targeted on the campaign trail -- expressed confidence in him , while 40 % have no confidence in the billionaire developer . 
  thirty-nine percent said they have no opinion . 
  [ here 's the proper poll ] ( http://www.pewglobal.org/2016/06/29/as-obama-years-draw-to-close-president-and-u-s-seen-favorably-in-europe-and-asia/ ), 
   your mistake is assuming that sanders ' comments were only `` slightly left-wing . '', 
  claiming that the status quo in venezuela is more desirable than ours is laughable sanders ' policies are center-left ( socialdemocratic ) . 
  he may have made debatable statements but in the end , [ his policies are nothing more than a reenactment of roosevelt 's new deal and of the welfare state of the 50s and 60s ] ( http://www.newyorker.com/news/news-desk/bernie-sanderss-new-deal-socialism ) what he said is n't much worse than trump quoting mussolini several times . 
  hillary also does much better than obama did in the deep south but she is n't going to win those states anyway . 
  that said , there might be a few surprised such as third party winning utah or dems winning alaska ( which was unthinkable previously ), 
  the problem is that they have announced the investigation at a time where it can decide the presidential race, 
  i know . 
  our comedians had a field ~ ~ day ~ ~ 20 years with berlusconi ... ... 
  and to add to that , hillary is winning the young demographic but youngsters do n't love her and might not decide to go voting at the end . 
  let 's add to that the fact that many disaffected rep. voters who had switched to johnson may change idea and vote rep. anyway and you have a scaringly close race . 
  to be fair , i think that several republican voters will do so because they have voted republican for decades . 
  same goes for democrats . 
  the majority are fixed voters who wo n't change idea because of one bad candidate, 
  why is america so scared on anything just slightly left wing ? 
  i know that you , as most usa liberals , probably think being a liberal is left wing but it is n't . 
  you are just a centrist . 
  at the end , most of sanders economical policies follow the path that was tracked by past usa presidents teddy and franklin delano roosevel, 
  the primaries are a very flawed system . 
  by the way , even then , it makes it pretty much impossible for parties other than two same old ones to break through . 
  most people ( since few actually care for primaries except the most faithful party members and a few independents ) are pretty much left with all but two choices at the end . 
  russia has actually more candidates . 
  they may be puppets but they are candidates ( zhirinovsky , zyuganov , mironov , ecc . ), 
  it would n't . 
  a no fly zone is just an empty statement , it 's just an extension of the mediatic war with russia . 
  even then , it would take months before clinton would be in full charge and aleppo will most likely fall before then and once it falls , the rebels are done so there 's very little to worry about . 
  clinton is the one who was responsible for the most part of the nuclear deal with iran . 
  have you seen the kaine-pence debate ? 
  they basically agreed on having a no fly zone . 
  there are two hypothesis : either trump does things on his own without having a single idea about what to do ( which leads to statements like spreading nuclear to saudi arabia , south korea , japan , ecc . ), 
  or he hands foreign policy to pence who endorsed a no fly zone just like clinton and who 's just another hawkish neo-con . 
  so would a weak president like donald trump that wants nuclear proliferation in countries such as south korea , japan , saudi arabia , ecc . 
  and that only pretends to be an isolationist when in reality he endorsed the invasion of iraq and has hinted several times at an escalation of things in syria, 
   trump might do what europeans have long said they want : withdraw us military presence in europe . 
  this is not what europeans want . 
  this might be a necessary evil for the eu to start a military army and for us to be self sufficent and finally have a foreign policy of our own and that is n't a soft version of the usa 's, 
  not really . 
  you have france , uk and germany which represent 180 million europeans . 
  you could ask the same question in each western european country and you would get the same results, 
  a man can change as he ages . 
  i mean , clinton used to be a republican , it 's fair for sanders to have been a trot . 
  aside from that , even if he had somewhat extreme ideas on the left , the usa are so tilted to the right from a political standpoint that he could n't pass anything more left wing than standard socialdemocratic laws . 
  heck , dems which are the left wing party in the usa were opposed to public healthcare . 
   he 's a crackpot in favour of alternative medicine and against gmos . 
  when ? 
   boasted that he felt physically sick that jfk and nixon did n't love cuba . 
  where did he say that ? 
   said just a few years ago that venezuela was a model for the usa to follow . 
  many on the left got on the chaves bandwagon and got fooled at first without giving a closer look to how venezuela 's economy was dependant on its natural resources . 
  once the price of these resources dropped , venezuela 's economy went in meltdown . 
  he neither saved nor diversified . 
   endorsed hezbollah/hamas/assad what 's wrong with this ? 
  the usa is cooperating with al qaeda 's their allies in syria ( amongst them a group created by al qaeda members ) and they are all but moderate . 
  in fact , supporting assad means supporting syria 's legitimate president and , as of 2015 , the only men who looked capable of stabilizing syria ; hezbollah and hamas are actually moderate groups in comparison to what the us is currently propping up on syrians , the former is just an arab nationalist and anti-imperialist militia ( they dropped the pretense of enforcing sharia a long , long time ago ) whose only value is defending assad at the moment . 
   he only got 1 endorsement from his colleagues in the senate because he 's a fool that no one likes working with . 
  he 'd have lost in a landslide . 
  he got 1 endorsement from a senator , 2 from two past governors and 1 from a current governor because he 's an independent politician that 's to the left of pretty much anyone in the us senate ( where the most left wing are pretty much social liberals that would have fit in perfectly in a blair government ), 
  blm activists are right though . 
  i do n't understand why whites see them as an issue when the majority of them are just a civil rights movement who fight for gun control and a laxer police . 
  i mean , what should they do when they see that blacks are far more likely to end in prison or get a longer sentence than whites do for the same exact crime . 
  i understand but to me those reasons are n't reasonable at all . 
  either way , i think we can agree that the lousy choice between clinton and trump is a result of your fptp voting system and of two party system, 
  does he say that so often ? 
  anyway , renzi 's english during his first year as pm was a running joke , it 's improved a lot though, 
  i thought your state media was state/publicly owned, 
  i think that having such referendums in is a positive because lately the population tends to be generally more progressive on social issues than mps and it usually settles an issue for good if the status quo is beaten . 
  just look at divorce and abortion , there 's no one that wants to go to pre 1974 and 1981 laws . 
  aside from that , this kind of referendums is usually consultive and not binding unless a law on the matter has been already passed in which case it 's an abrogative referendum where citizens judge the work of the parliament on a specific law . 
   so if the majority of a country votes in a referendum to ban same-sex marriages or abortion , does the will of the people justify the outcome ? 
  yes . 
  if it 's a binding referendum on a clear law , it justifies the outcome . 
  after all , we did have a referendum about total ban of abortion ( except the most extreme cases ) in 1981 and if they did win , the mandate of the people would have justified the approval of such a law . 
  now , that 's pretty good :d [ we had a good one about our president 's ability at speaking english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xh0cszdhwg0 ), 
   you are starting to lose me here . 
  most people would agree that a country can not have a strong social safety net , while having open borders . 
  it 's working with mixed results in many european countries ( by the way , i 'm not saying welfare state and open borders work perfectly together but that welfare state works best with well regulated immigration policy so i was half agreeing with you ) and it worked in the america of the 30s , 40s , 50s and 60s when the usa received a good amount of immigration while having a decent welfare state post new deal . 
   no , trump 's support is not built on anti-black policies . 
  in fact , he enjoys a far higher level of support among african-americans than previous republican candidates . 
  nor is it based on white extremism . 
  no , he does n't . 
  [ donald trump is polling at 0 % of support amongst black voters in ohio and pennsylvania ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/07/13/new-polls-in-pennsylvania-and-ohio-show-donald-trump-with-0-percent-of-the-black-vote/ )  when i talk about corruption , i am referring to bribery , influence peddling , and `` pay-to-play . '', 
  pay to play seems more common on your side of the pond . 
  bribery and most of all , influence peddling and favours ' exchange , are common here . 
  lobbying , pay to play , ecc . 
  seem much more common and tolerated on your side of the atlantic and in english speaking countries as a whole . 
   well , we have had one clinton presdency already , so we have a fair idea of what it would look like . 
  and obama 's presidency has not been , in any sense , a `` good '' one . 
  race relations have gotten much worse , the economy remains stagnant , we are involved in more wars than before , and his signature health plan is collapsing . 
  it has . 
  look at economical datas in 2008 and in 2016 . 
  obama has been good because there 's been a decrease of unemployment , clear economical growth , pull out from iraq and afghanistan ( he could have prevented new wars but he never sent boots on the ground unlike republicans ) and his health plan ( which still is n't good but better than what you had before ) which has helped many unemployed working class people access healthcare . 
  overall , obama has had a congress that was hostile to him and has gotten the best he could out of his presidency . 
   some people think that our situation is so bad , that any change can only be better . 
  people are being misled by a populist that seems to claim he is magically the solution to any problem despite the president not being the be all and end all of politics . 
  if the democrats win the house , he wo n't be able to enact his policies , same goes if moderate republican oppose his plans .
