  you are falling in the same old trick . 
  patriots have been amongst the first to call for a europe of nations . 
  the eu is n't attacking our national and cultural identity but just adding a pan european layer above it which is enriching things further . 
  you do n't start being just an european according to the eu 's project , but you will be for example , in my case , an apulian , an italian and a european, 
  what solution does the right offer ? 
  a vague promise of ending immigration ? 
  you think that 's enough to fight the liberalism that 's driving wages down ? 
  the actual left ( podemos , sinn feinn , corbyn 's labour ) is the thing that comes closer to solving our problems and not the populist right, 
  yep, 
  that does n't make you an euroskeptic though . 
  that 's just the view of most european leaders, 
  most papers except those used by the `` far right '' use that label . 
  the same goes for the label of `` far left '' for parties such as podemos , syriza , ecc . 
  both labels are overused and have lost their actual meaning . 
  the left offers a solution to the problem . 
  the solution to this problem is a mix of basic income , stronger unions , integration rather than hostility towards this people and welfare state . 
  more can be done of course but the left has even started to call for a halt to illegal immigration . 
  the turkish deal signed by several members of the left is an example, 
  i disagree . 
  several patriots wanted a strong united europe , if not a pan european project altogether . 
  let 's take the aforementioned mazzini or altiero spinelli . 
  both are widely considered to be patriots in italy and have respectively fought for italian independence and fascism, 
  if you are a soft euroskeptic , you do n't want a europe of nations , you just want a single market . 
  may and the current british government could be seen as such . 
  to be fair , immigration was spurred mostly by center right and centrists ( conservatives , classic liberals , social liberals and neoliberals ) . 
  sure , the left played a part in it and probably got carried by it but what it tried to do was just defending people that were struggling just as much as the working class . 
  the left did n't want to choose , it just wanted to unite the working class with the newcomers rather than divide them and take the much easier route of xenophobia and racism . 
  what the left has tried to do may not worked completely but it 's a noble route which has allowed many of these immigrants to integrate into a partly hostile society . 
   what you describe is a european nation-state . 
  that 's what a pan-european identity would be needed for . 
  for a european confederation of nations you do n't really need a particurarly deep european identity . 
  for a european federal state of semi-independent nations , you would need both, 
   far-right is nationalism , but nationalism is n't necessarily a divided europe - in fact the original nationalism as a systemic political movement championed pan-european co-operation of the nations by nationalists like mazzini . 
  even a european federation was proposed by some 19th and early 20th century nationalists , with strong regional rights of self-government for each nation . 
  i would make the distinction between two kinds of nationalism : what i call negative nationalism and what i call positive nationalism . 
  negative nationalism means believing that one 's own country is superior to others , be it due to ethnical , cultural , religious , ecc . 
  reasons . 
  positive nationalism ( which i 'd rather call patriotism ) is an emotional attachment to a nation which an individual recognizes as their homeland . 
  europe needs the patriotism and not nationalism . 
  the problem is that the majority of far right parties are still closer to the latter than they are to the former and this makes them a threat to the european union . 
   could it be that this evil far right is actually addressing the concerns of the citizens ? 
  this article looks like denial . 
   if anything , this movement towards the far right being more palatable is a consequence of them going from militant ( advocating strict measures ) to implementers ( reassuring the general public over how it will be done ) . 
  i disagree . 
  the far right is still militant . 
  they still shout a hodge podge of populistic remarks for the most part ( fn , danish people 's and swedish democrats are the exceptions maybe ) and they hardly ever say how they are going to implement their ideas . 
  take afd , northern league , pvv , ecc . 
  when they speak of economy . 
  one day , they support the welfare state and the other they want to impose a flat tax and benefit the upper-middle classes . 
  they do n't but the label has just kind stuck . 
  it 's like calling blair a leftist because he was part of labour . 
  my point is that we must distinguish between different kinds of `` far right '' parties . 
  there 's a first branch which we can call secular right , represented by le pen 's front national , by swedish democrats or danish people party . 
  these parties are far right only in name for the most part and due to their nationalism ( their anti eu stance is the main reason why these parties are feared ) . 
  then , there 's a second most extreme branch which has different degrees of ties with the old far right , although it has apparently rebranded . 
  this kind of right is much more populistic and dangerous to our democracies . 
  you have poland 's pis , hungary 's jobbik , greece 's golden dawn , ecc . 
  parties like austria 's fpo , germany 's afd , italy 's northern league , netherlands ' pvv stand somewhere in between because they have both branches of old far right extremists ( even though they may not have been part of it ) and of secular right wingers . 
  front national 's cleaning has been much more credible and this makes it much easier for people not to worry about their success . 
  these parties also do n't have economically left wing policies as clear as the ones of the aforementioned parties . 
  we must be wary and stop using the far right label for the secular right because it 's unfair to put them together with parties which are directly against democratic values . 
  we should just call the secular right with a new name to distinguish it both from the far right and the `` establishment 's '' right, 
  thanks , 
  it 's hard to find high res pics of little known places . 
  either way , to each his own . 
  i liked yours at irst but then it got repetitive . 
  after the eight or ninth picture , i stopped enjoying for that reason . 
  i do n't think such a gap between my ( or / u/pisodeuorrior ) work and your work was warranted . 
  that 's it . 
  which pics did n't you enjoy ? 
  just for curiosity . 
  we can improve each other 's work . 
  sorry but that 's how i remember . 
  either way , it should have been much more varied . 
  it is n't occitaine that 's boring , it 's you who made that photobook about the same thing over and over again . 
  you could have included a few of toulouse 's squares but you did n't , you could have chucked in the pyrenees but you did n't , you could have have chucked in the coast around collioure or one of your large sandy beaches , ecc . 
  i just thought it was boring because it was mostly the same thing over and over again ( castles and hilltop towns ) . 
  there 's actually no other landmarks aside from those . 
  i disagree with / u/bucintoro about the pont du gard by the way . 
  that 's a brilliant roman acqueduct , especially given how well it 's preserved . 
  and given that it 's one of eu 's symbols, 
  where in calabria and apulia have you been ? 
  never been too fond of their cuisine . 
  i myself prefer southern cuisines or friulan/emilian cuisine if i want something heavier . 
  someone 's got ta be the villain , right ? 
  on the flipside , we have a few brilliant markets during christmas time to remember him, 
  where can i find those guardian articles ? 
  the best red wines , we make the best whites, 
  [ according to other sources , we have the second longest dongs in europe ] ( http://www.targetmap.com/thumbnailsreports/5230_thumb_ipad.jpg ) but in that one for some reason we are the second shortest, 
  can you link to the map ? 
  fair enough , as i said western companies have done their fair share of shitty business for locals in eastern europe but what the chinese are doing ruins local economy much more . 
  go in prato and ask them what they think of the chinese . 
  it must be the reason why there are so many romanians here, 
  i did n't understand why it got so high either . 
  it was literally seven shots of streets . 
  no landmarks , no quirky things , just streets , ecc . 
  i mean , each european region has seven streets that can match those in one way or another so i do n't get it at all . 
  i 'm not saying occitanie is n't beautiful because it 's stunning but that post was just seven normal pictures, 
  western companies sure have n't taken germans , french , ecc . 
  to work in these companies forcing locals out of their work .
