  are you from there or an italian who moved to poland ? 
  it shocked me too, 
  yeah , i see the benefits . 
  the uni where i go now is 50k strong but i am quite sure 25-30k are commuters so there is n't as much of a university vibe . 
  parties are like every 10 days and are often out of the city :(, 
  that 's sad . 
  it kinda seems better here to my surprise , i honestly thought it would be more expensive but rent is surprisingly cheap and so are the books i am purchasing ( mostly photocopied ones ) . 
  scholarship bonus is lower here than it is up north ( $ 2400 against $ 5000 ) but i think it 's better because free or almost free access to canteen and campus are included since the second year that said , you are right that the system can be improved for middle class because they are the ones who struggle the most with expenses because they are n't poor enough to access to scholarships/loans/whatever these benefits are called but not wealthy to sustain all expenses . 
  i like sel 's proposal of making universities free on the scandinavian model a lot but they never seem to be taken seriously , even by the pd, 
  i am concerned but there 's rarely a good article on why ceta would n't be a good thing and there 's a fair few people on here who blast anyone who 's not convinced about ftas . 
  for me , ftas with whichever country are good only if they meet our standards and concers , we should n't bend to the first country that offers us a fta . 
  it 's a good thing that ceta was temporarily blocked if it means that we can work to improve to deal further to satisfy anyone, 
  it 's sad when it is a loan you have to pay back instead of just welfare . 
  you finish in the same situation as the usa where you have to work long hours or to take years to be able to pay your student loan entirely, 
  well , i did n't mean that literally but more in terms of societal pressure which you have just confirmed to be true . 
  i think it 's a fair choice to move and try to become independent but applying pressure on people to move is never a good thing . 
  a good system would be one where the government makes it possible for you to move without having to worry but where there 's no rush or societal pressure to do so . 
  because it is n't as easy as that , if you read thread as a whole , you will find out that we generally have many motivations for not moving ( although i did ), 
  fair enough and yeah , having to cook , which i really love , is one of the things i miss the most when i am at my parents ', 
  is economical situation that bad ? 
  it 's the same here too . 
  it 's a characteristic of town ( anything below 100k ) and rural southern italy and not of all the country though . 
  for example , my grandpa had 4 sons and one daughter and purchased terrain to build two homes . 
  one for himself at the bottom floor and for his two eldest sons at the two upper floors and other for the other two sons and one daughter . 
  france has the best of both worlds which is why they are probably europe 's best country in terms of quality of living . 
  the only bad things they have is southern bureaucracy and northern weather in the upper 2/3rds of the country, 
  ~ ~ move to italy alongside your parents so you finally get to be the majority , ~ ~ oh wait ... ... :d, 
  most of reddit is american . 
  r/europe is a good mix but i think there 's a narrow central european ( as in : poland , germany and countries close by ) and british majority over the rest of the continent . 
  this thread is scandinavia against southern europe though :d, 
  that 's the reason i have moved honestly but i think it depends on the relationship one has with parents . 
  i moved because my mother was extremely anxious about me , excessively close at times and would block my freedom but if i had a more laissez fair mother ( like most of the acquaitances who stayed ) i would have had no problems with staying home that said , it seems to me that you are n't kicked out but that there 's a lot of societal pressure for you to move our of your parents ' home at a certain age , something we do n't have here, 
  here it happens but not so overtly . 
  the mother or father would never dream of asking their own children for money for staying in their own home . 
  the payment would happen differently through economical help to parents when it comes to food , furniture or whatever is needed in the house, 
  ahahah ... . . cultural differences again i guess . 
  i 'd say this rent gets paid in most cases here too if one has a job but not so overtly , maybe helping your parents buy furniture , food or whatever is needed to improve the situation in the house . 
   for a random cultural reference , here 's a rap song about how nice it is to live with your parents - ironically , of course . 
  even if you ca n't understand the language , the first minute or so is a fictional chat happening at a nightclub with the young man impressing the young woman quite a bit and her agreeing to join him for the night - until she finds out he 's still living at his mums and asks why . 
  nice , i do n't understand shit but it has a good rhytm  this is probably the key cultural difference here - at least in finland people definitely are not seen as independent if they live with their parents , one just is n't a real adult in that situation . 
  i agree it 's one of the key points . 
  there 's no social stigma against living with your parents and no social pressure to leave their home . 
  actually , given that most homes tend to be passed generation from generation , many consider their parents ' home their future one . 
  universities fo the south are at the bottom not because they do n't function as well as the ones up north but simply because there 's a higher job demand up north which makes it easier for the ones who already live up north to land a job . 
  it has more to do with the economical situation in the surroundings than it does with the uni itself . 
  employers also wrongly seem to consider well known unis ( regardless of what the preparation is ) as better, 
  the lack of a university vibe is a pretty large failure from southern cities . 
  salerno could very well have it given that they have 40k students over a population of 160k people but the campuses and most facilities are outside the city in fisciano ... ... ... 
  i think this cultural aspect we have in the south is a good one for the most part . 
  people should n't feel pressured to leave their parents ' home . 
  the lack of support ( or better , the fact that it is n't as good ) from the state is a problem though as i think that people should have the choice to make this decision so none of the two situations is actually an ideal one, 
  well done , this thing about you not having balls has gone for too long for no reasons . 
  especially for the swedish who are the butt of all jokes, 
   here in italy there is zero support to students . 
  you have to be dirty poor to get exemptions from paying taxes . 
  when i did n't have a source of income i would pay 1000 a year for a pubblic university , my parents have 4 kids and low paying jobs so in no way we could be considered rich . 
  we never got anywhere close to receive any kind of help , i would n't even qualify for the discounts for the campus cafeteria ... [ here ] ( http://web.adisupuglia.it/images/adisu/file/bari/graduatorie%20bds/201617/idonei_as_lt_lmcu.pdf ) is a list of people ( not complete because it does n't include first year students and many other cases ) that were accepted for a scholarship ( $ 2000-2400 ) in bari 's university . 
  the list is 161 pages strong whereas the ones for people [ who got refused is 51 pages strong including the reasons why they got refused ] ( http://web.adisupuglia.it/images/adisu/file/bari/graduatorie%20bds/201617/esclusi_as_lt_lmcu.pdf ) aside from that , i am pretty sure discounts or free access to campus canteen is included since the 2nd years and that the same goes for campus residence . 
  the system can be improved but it is n't as bad as people make it out to be . 
  it 's just that it takes more for us italians to move than it does scandinavian people, 
  oh , i get it , someone else has already mentioned it, 
  yeah , maybe . 
  i think it 's cultural and both of our cultures have positive and negative points . 
  it just irks me that southerners are looked negatively regarding this thing when they just look at it differently, 
  true that ... ... . . honestly i do n't understand this fetish we have for northern/central schools . 
  the only thing they are better at is parties and having more of a university city vibe, 
  it 's a lot compared to what you 'd pay in italy or northern/central england . 
  i pay a fifth of what he pays to live in a house that 's two times larger . 
  still , it 's london ... ... ... ... 
  i share a 75 sq/m house fairly close to the city center of a mid sized city ( 350k in city itself and 1m in the metropolitan area ) and i pay $ 150 for the rent alone plus $ 18 of additional expenses . 
  it 's a good area of the city as well as it has all the commodities nearby there 's no minimum wage in italy by the way although most full time jobs start at $ 700-800, 
   as for renzi and rajoy do n't agreeing . . rajoy does n't care at all about foreign policy , he has shattered our international status and does n't even speak english . 
  i do n't understand why . 
  i should n't care for spanish politics but i really hoped and still do that rajoy can go because his isolationism is n't a good thing at all, 
  i 'm speaking in regards to italy, 
  scandinavia is larger than it seems but either way , uppsala seems fairly close to stockholm so that the average stockholmer can commute to it , same goes for helsingsborg and malmo with lund , ecc . 
  i think commuting is more common in italy . 
  anyway , we have this same phenomenon too but that 's because most of the fancy unis are all up north, 
   pis is not far right party far right not but they are solidly right wing and have authoritarian tendences as shown by the will to change the constitution or to make a stricter abortion law which the majority of people does n't want . 
   we not gon na force those people to stay in poland , they have a right to request asylum , yet they do not do it . 
  i agree that the proposal was difficult to make it work but the response of the polish , hungarian , ecc . 
  people was to elect a very right wing government and to have an openly neofascist party higher than 20-25 % . 
  polish , hungarian , ecc . 
  governments have barely accepted any of these refugees and immigrants ( even the ones who would have had no problem being in poland ) so my point still stands, 
   when they were in government & heavily involved they gave the ok for the negotiations based on a framework which included that a mediation system should be in the text & now they 're against the agreement because it contains mediation . 
  they 've given the ok to similar tradedeals in the past that had older isds clauses which are as far as i know worse . 
  now they 're loosing votes to the far left ptb , trade deals are a hot topic & suddenly they are against this stuff . 
   i 'd say they did n't stand up for anyone , anyone but themselves & if so that 's sad . 
  fair enough . 
  did n't know about the fact that they were double faced on the issue  belgium is an actual social democracy , these kind of taxes do n't strengthen it in any way & meanwhile they 've lost to a coalition of the wallonian liberals & the flemish centre-right , liberals & the biggest national party : the conservative nationalists ( also right if that needed to be made clear ) , as said they 're also loosing votes to the far left which pushes them out of the the picture they 've stood in for eternity ( if there was anything to be called the establishment in belgium they were it ) they are n't getting closer to anything & i honestly think they have only themselves to thank for this . 
  yeah , as i said , it is n't a wonder they are being conservatives in terms of economical policy . 
  a socialdemocratic party 's job is first and foremost to create a socialdemocracy which ps has done and after that to defend it and strenghten keeping it up with times . 
  aside from that , you are yet to me explain me what 's wrong with this automation tax and what its purpose is . 
  i am curious, 
   it 's not the fiscal compact fault that we got aznar and you berlusconi is n't fault of the ez , neither are our stagnated labor markets which protect insiders over outsiders ( young people ) , or the fact that the lega nord blocks wealth transfers to the south to improve their infrastucture is n't fault of the ez , corruption in our and your town halls is n't fault of the ez , the fact that most of the social spending in italy goes to retirees which mostly save it is n't the ez fault . . i can go on . 
  you are right on this . 
  internal politics are a big share of why we are in the current situation but the whole situation with spain angers me because while we southern countries should form a common bloc we do n't manage to because italy 's and spain 's pms wo n't even talk to each other or do n't agree on a single point . 
  and by the way , you should definitely stop speaking of the pp so positively because if spain is in its current status and was hit so hard from the crisis , it 's their fault too even though they managed to blame every problem on zapatero and the socialists . 
  exactly, 
   many parents do that .
