  italy has regions , provinces and communes . 
  italian regions had gotten increasingly more powers and jurisdiction over a few issues such as healthcare ( somewhere in between the french and spanish system ) but now they want to roll them back . 
  as for provinces , they are like counties and are seen as a waste of taxpayers money by most people , especially now that most people have a hard on for cutting anything government related due to distrust in politics . 
  constitutional change needs 50 % +1 but to bypass a referendum you need 2/3rds of the vote . 
  ordinary laws usually need a relative majority and not an absolute one, 
  referendums on international treaties are forbidden by the constitution so the constitution would have to be changed first which would mean that you must have a majority formed by an euroskeptical party , you must get 50 % to vote for the new constitutional change and after that a referendum on euro where 50 % of people must vote for an exit . 
  i would put that at 0,01 % of chances, 
   how much the results can be affected by foreign influence ? 
  very little . 
  obama endorsed the constitutional change and despite him being very popular ( polls have him as 70-75 % positive rating ) , polls have n't changed at all . 
  italy 's position could change but not directly after the referendum . 
  the two rounds system approved by renzi helps the ( not so eu friendly ) five star movement more than the alternatives do . 
  with a yes win and no changes to the electoral law , the chance of them being in government for five straight years dramatically increases . 
  the only direct change would be that if the no wins , italy 's government will still be eu friendly but will be weakened , both with renzi or not , and will not have as much of a central in the eu as it did with renzi, 
  overall , i disagree . 
  the reform has good points but the centralization of powers from the regions to the state and the majority prize are n't positives at all . 
  i 'm currently leaning towards voting no, 
  any question ? 
   in the next 6 months we risk a `` no '' in italy , possible leading to a new election that could put ms5 into government it 's easier for m5s to be in government with a yes win than it is with a no win . 
  oh no , another liberal who thinks that cutting taxes is the answer to every single problem ... ... ... 
  exactly . 
  as for your last paragraph , the problem is that the alt right is too often compared in historical terms to national socialists but the closest party to the most extreme fringes of the alt right is the italian fascist party ( spain was different , it had a large catholic element and it ended up being some kind of renewed monarchy in everything but name ) . 
   they are n't racists/bigots/sexists of course , they are . 
  part of the people who support them are n't but the leaders and the file and rank members of these parties are exactly that kind of people . 
  political correctness and free speech are exactly their excuses to say whatever they want while avoid any kind of backlash and it 's working brilliantly for them both in europe and on the other side of the pond . 
   i am in favour of a system that allows an over-representation of the biggest party in parliament because it 's something that italy has always struggled on , but only has long as there 's a two turn system ( or other systems with the same aim ) to allow new parties to grow if necessary . 
  i 'm not . 
  i fear five years of m5s having complete freedom of making the laws they want even if it 's likely they may break up as soon as they win, 
  yep , that may be the reason, 
  it 's not the havenots vs the haves but the uneducated against the educated . 
  while the dems gained votes amongst the wealthier classes ( and lost them on the other end of the spectrum ) , trump still won majority of votes starting from $ 50000 and amongst the upper 10 % as well while hillary won by a good margin ( 12-13 % ) amongst the $ 50000 and below, 
  and british people did n't realize it . 
  i 'm glad they left though , the special snowflake that kept being in the eu 's way and blocking any progress is gone, 
  to give an advice to the government about the mood of the population on an over an overtly complicated issue the average joe rarely has the tools ( due to low quality medias ) to inform well about . 
  common law is so fucked i do n't even know where to start . 
  there 's no guarantee on democracy in such a system and while the uk has rarely needed one , it actually does now more than it has ever done, 
   he opposes an eu military because it will get in the way of `` western unity . '', 
  he does because it will undermine usa 's military hegemony over the world . 
  i 'm not justifying him but it 's one of the few things where trump is not off the rails wrong ( still wrong though ), 
  i would rather get left behind then ... ... ... . 
  nationalism has never been a good thing and will never be . 
  it 's pure hatred or distaste for anyone that 's not your nationality and for no reason at all other than the elite needing a scapegoat to do whatever they like . 
   jobik and golden dawn are both the 3rd largest political parties in their countries and are involved in coalitions . 
  golden dawn is n't involved in coalitions and neither is jobbik, 
   understand that there is a huge population left behind by reforms , poor , uneaducated , and pissed off you `` kids '' with your iphones are having a good life at `` their expense '' or some such . 
  they will fucking vote out all these democratic governments and put these semi nationalists in place . 
  who have no will , nothing , and will fall back to asking money from the highest bidder in exchange of a bit of loyalty . 
  i 'm part of that population aside from the uneducated bit and i still would vehemently oppose trump and anyone of his kin . 
  he 's a conmen just like every far right winger, 
  the trump phenomenon was very much real anywhere in between des moines and erie and down south until pittsbugh and cincinnati . 
  these areas of the rust belt had a strong switch between dems and rep. [ this map ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/election-us-2016-37889032 ) explains it well, 
  good thing . 
  ireland will stop profiting from being a dodgy offshore for american businesses . 
  a single corporate tax rate is a must for the eu if it ever wants to integrate its members fully . 
  we should n't allow places such as ireland and luxembourg to have such benefits . 
  afd ? 
  laughing my ass off, 
  nah , 2016 will end quickly . 
  van der bellen and renzi might not make but the latter will still be there at least . 
  he wo n't resign and will find a new electoral law that will work for both the senate and chamber, 
  tsipras and varoufakis never went as low as this man . 
  no one actually did . 
  it almost seems like he has personal problems with the eu so much so that he feels compelled to put an end to it . 
  i guess it interferes with his dreams of a new british empire ( most uk far right long back to the days of the empire ), 
  what a nasty piece of work . 
  almost makes me wish for the eu to go hard on the uk in negotiations, 
   in brief : it might not make sense for workers to vote ukip ideologically , but as long as they perceive that immigrants are stealing their jobs , they 're gon na keep voting them . 
  that would mean pandering to the right , caving in and becoming yourself the far right wing party . 
  the problem is that no matters what politicians do , people are always expecting the government to do the impossible and will turn against it on this matter unless it adopts the same harsh words and populistic overtones as the far right . 
  look at the uk or at germany , may and merkel are trying to correct past mistakes but it does n't seem to work, 
   and unless they 've taken out the proposed two turn vote , the system would actually encourage people to vote for what they feel is the best candidate , allowing new parties to arise and grow if there is the need . 
  they are taking out the two turn vote . 
  the pd minority did n't want and even renzi himself has realized the two turn vote will only play in m5s ' hands so they are looking for an alternative . 
  :( meanwhile , my cousin is going the hell away from london and back to italy because although he loves it prices have gotten so ridiculous that it is n't worth it anymore and he 'd live a far better life in northern italy . 
  it 'd be a good thing if housing prices went down but a bubble is going to hurt several people . 
  fair enough . 
  i think it 's cameron 's fault for never saying that it was meant to be a consultative vote and not a binding one, 
  e questa la chiamano democrazia ... https://fidest.wordpress.com/2016/10/31/intervista-concessa-da-alessandro-di-battista-a-telam-agenzia-di-stampa-ufficiale-della-repubblica-argentina/ while grillo formerly said that trump was maybe not as bad as clinton . 
  he said : `` if medias are completely against someone , maybe he is in the right regarding a few issues . 
  maybe trump is not as bad as clinton but that 's what usa 's politics are capable of giving us , that 's quite poor '' http://www.ilpost.it/2016/04/05/cosa-pensa-grillo-di-trump/ this may be of interest to / u/bigbadbuttercat too, 
  exactly . 
  we have hit three lows in a row . 
  palin , the shitshow that was the rep. primary in 2012 and then this year to top it off, 
  it 's not fptp proper but the left wing minority inside the party has suggested the use of electoral colleges * sigh * i think that system would limit populist parties in a fair few places but i 'm not fond of it . 
  not in italy . 
  psi , pds , pd up until 2013 have always been socialdemocrat . 
  social liberalism has never been common here in italy and this is the first such government . 
  most people did n't want hard brexit though . 
  a fair few did want soft brexit ( which is why the referendum and how it was structured did n't work ) and that means there 'd still be a free trade agreement and freedom of movement . 
  me too, 
  yup corbyn is trying . 
  he certainly is n't pulling the libdem card , if anything he 's going too far left to take them back on board . 
  i know but fuck immigration !, 
  it is n't as large of an issue as it 's made out to be , people are literally being brainwashed into scapegoating immigrants , no matter how hard they work or whether they contribute to society or not . 
  it is n't . 
  and even if it was , polls in the last few days are unreliable and this time even more so because of jo cox 's death, 
  i do n't care about the uk , i 'm italian , the best thing for us is uk out of the eu ( so it does n't restrict integration anymore ) and inside the efta ( so we can keep dealing with them ) . 
   it 's not like the brexiters would buy things from europe . 
  of course , they would , most of them would n't care at all and the ones who would care would still purchase things from europe ( by the way britain is part of it too ) without knowing it . 
  it 's impossible to go on with your life buying just british products , especially ever since thatcher outsourced pretty much half of your manifacturing system,
