  then they went to yemen , the bar further down the street , and no one cared anymore, 
  muricans do n't know about it yet . 
  they are still stuck to when serbia and montenegro had the name yugoslavia, 
  someone beat me to it . 
  damn ... ... ... ... ... . 
  [ this is the reason why we are blue ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=68ugkg9repc ) . 
  it 's all eiffel 65 's fault, 
  [ assad has much more support than you believe . 
  ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/bashar-al-assad-has-more-popular-support-than-the-western-backed-opposition-poll/5495643 ) he has the support of minorities but also of a majority of urban sunnis in cities such as damascus , aleppo , homs , latakia and tartous . 
  the only place where rebels have enough support for insurgency is idlib , southern aleppo province and northern hama province . 
   assad 's government is a minority rule based government , and it is inherently unstable ; 6 months ago he was on his last legs , until the russians and iranians deployed fresh reinforcements to prop him up . 
  it 's funny that people talk about support for the rebels as if assad 's army was entirely made up of syrian people . 
  assad has lost two single battles since the start of 2015 . 
  idlib which was a salient that was difficult to defend anyway and tabqa which was a big mistake as they went in a long line through the desert exposing themselves to being encircled by is . 
  any other battle has been won or partly won . 
  saa has gotten its shit together partly due to foreign intervention but the rebels also had thousands of foreign fighters and foreign backing to the same extent until russia intervened . 
   the easiest way to end the war is for assad to step down , an international coalition to step in and enforce a ceasefire and disarmament of all factions , which paves the way for free elections to choose a new syrian leader , new syrian government , and a new syrian constitution . 
  assad 's rule only empowers extremists , and the sooner he is removed the sooner jihadists appealing to sunni muslims lose their biggest recruiting tool . 
  this is the classical american blah blah blah . 
  i would like for syria to become a democracy but it just is n't possible . 
  assad wo n't give up after fighting tooth and nail to keep control of his country and being really close to winning . 
  and the people of the canaries or of the greek islands would have to agree with it . 
  i do n't think they would . 
  they are touristic hotspots and having camps in their islands would diminish tourism as well as giving them a problem they never wanted . 
  greek people have tried to help rescue migrants during the whole boom of the balkan route and they tolerated the problem but i do n't think they would do it anymore if they were forced to have a camp with third worldish conditions on their island . 
  aside from that , the tsipras government would never agree . 
  basically the event that made it impossible for anything even slighly resembling the left wing to appear . 
  from parents while watching football games, 
  we do n't celebrate independence day . 
  we have two days a year where we are patriotic liberation day where we celebrate the partisans ' and the allies ' liberation of italy from german forces and where we are just as likely to sing a communist song as we are of singing the anthem and the republic day parade . 
  but we never sang it in italian schools so it 's generally not an issue here so that 's why i answered in a certain way . 
  that could be an option too . 
  at most , the eu could integrate setting up aid centers into the areas where boko haram holds more influence, 
  yeah . 
  maybe we could make minorities who manage to escape from the core regions where boko haram operates eligible for asylum . 
  it would be a sensible solution but then again there are sunni who suffer too, 
  wait , not singing anthems in school now means not caring about national identity ? 
  i do care about it and so do most italians although we care more about our regional identity before we care about our national one . 
  many is iraqi supporters are former supporters of saddam hussein , the baath party and are iraqi nationalist as much as they are conservative sunnis . 
  it must be noted that according to most sources is , unlike in syria , still has a good support amongst iraqi 's sunnis , although that 's mostly due to sectarianism against shias, 
  just found out that daily mirror has always supported labour ever since 1945 . 
  they are basically labour 's tabloid as much as the sun is the tory 's, 
  it say that between 2000 and their fall , talibans did halt the opium trade but that when they got kicked out of government after the us intervention , they changed their ways, 
  male 2 . 
  between 18 and 21 3 . 
  italy 4 . 
  neutral 5 . 
  soft brexit ( uk into eea ) 7 . 
  it will get worse 8 . 
  yes 9 . 
  yes 10 . 
  lifestyle ( spain best and sweden worse ) 12 . 
  culture ( italy best and sweden worse ) 13 . 
  ideals it represents ( france best and greece worse ) 14 . 
  food ( italy best and germany worse ) 15 . 
  language ( spain best and germany worse ) 16 . 
  sexy men/women ( sweden best and greece worse ) 17 . 
  foreign politics ( germany best and spain worse ) 18 . 
  internal politics ( spain best ) 19 . 
  economic prosperity ( germany best and greece worse ), 
  the australian system puts europe in the same exact place actually . 
  we would be reliant on other countries ( in this case , libya , morocco , algeria or once again turkey ) respecting their end of the deal . 
  supporting the australian system and not supporting the turkish deal is not being coherent, 
  you are right although ours is n't nationalized but actually regionalized, 
  well , it 's a good start since nigerians alongside ethiopians and eritreans are the immigrants who come in higher numbers through the mediterranean route . 
  i think a fair few of them are willing to integrate and are genuinely escaping boko haram but it is nowhere near being a majority . 
  i guess that maybe we should allow only those who were directly effected from boko haram or the minorities who are from the region where boko haram operates, 
  fair enough, 
  yeah , we will opt our and start italeave then just like our british friend has done, 
  honestly , the more i hear about it , the more i start to understand why a kurdish man would want to support pkk nowadays despite the risk that comes with it . 
  turkey could have easily gotten rid of this problem but politicians have realized that finally giving the kurds a referendum on some kind of autonomy or independence will lose them electoral support, 
   a lot of schools in sweden make the last day mandatory . 
  here , schools are empty in the last ten days . 
  parents do n't send their children anymore unless they have yet to finish their texts and oral exams . 
  not all your papers , just the telegraph , the daily mail and the mirror . 
  the guardian , the independent and the economist will all be crying in the corner or saying `` we told you so '' like they have been doing in the past few months , 
  we do sing it , just not at school . 
  we sing it at parades on republic 's day ( we do n't celebrate independence/union day for some reason ) or before national team matches whatever sport it is . 
   it 's pretty weird to do everyday ( do americans really do that ? ), 
  but on special occasions why not ? 
  it seems to me that americans bring up the anthem at any chance they can . 
  for example , here it would n't be sang before a match that does n't involve the national team but in america it would, 
  i do n't know why it is n't but we naturally learn the anthem anyway . 
  most people i know can sing the first part of the anthem ( take into account that it is really long ) which is what 's sang at football matches and other events anyway . 
   it 's part of your country , of being italian , of your culture and identity . . of course it is but unlike most of our culture , history and identity , it just does n't happen to be taught and sang at schools . 
  before the 80s , singing it was n't even as popular as it is now because of its ties with the fascist regime, 
  we have too but we do n't hide our wallet even though germany 's drinks are a ripoff, 
  if one of the paris attackers knew the french/belgian anthem , it would n't make him loyal to his own country, 
  generally , we learn it with our parents and from watching football games but never in school . 
  i guess it just is n't in our culture, 
  by the way , portugal is the guy that stays sober and drives everyone home because he 's too stingy to buy himself more than a drink, 
   iran , saudi arabia do n't think they want to hang together, 
  i am not against singing the anthem . 
  i just do n't see why it should be sang at school of all places . 
  if one is loyal to his own country ( by the way , loyalty must be defined because for some it literally means being and acting as a nationalist ) , it is n't because he sings the anthem, 
  looks a sensible choice then . 
  did this loosening up of rules have the support of turkish people ? 
  was there a big talk about it ? 
  which parties did support it in parliament ? 
  i thought sweden would have more than you .
