  intended to free up the country 's labour market , the liberalising jobs act made it easier for employers to hire and fire workers . 
  the move incurred the wrath of the unions , but has so far failed to achieve any significant rise in permanent employment , especially for the young . 
  these reforms lost himself the vote of the youth which is where renzi suffers the most . 
  while over 50 voters have been the catalyst for brexit and trump-ism . 
  here 's the opposite because five stars movements and the parties to the left of renzi have a high support amongst the youth . 
   the more liberal , pro-european forza italia , which still looks to silvio berlusconi , now 80 , as its spiritual leader . 
  there 's currently a conflict between older more pro-berlusconi politicians and newer liberal politicians spearheaded by runner up for milan 's municipality stefano parisi  it attracts rightwing voters through a tough line on immigration except they hardly ever talk about immigration and their stance is not nowhere near as hard as that of fn , afd or even in italy as forza italia and lega nord . 
  in fact , no one knows why they attract so many on the right , i guess it 's a mix of populism , opposition to renzi and grillo 's authoritarianism . 
   `` it was a different world : an italy that had emerged from a civil war between fascists and communists and one with deep divisions . 
  it needed very strong checks and balances , which is why the senate was made so powerful . 
  it 's not the same situation now . '' given how italy still tends to elect populist leaders , i would still rather have a system of strong checks and balances, 
   stop saying political parties are populist , litterally every politician ever does things they think their demographic over voters think is good for the sake of getting votes , the right has no monopoly on this . 
  case in point : the five stars movement is not right wing . 
  they have no clear ideology aside from environmentalism , constitutionalism and legalitarism which are all closer to the left than to the right . 
  one of their main politicians ' idols is che freaking guevara . 
  in fact , m5s ' populism reminds me of south american ( especially kirchner 's ) social justice and similar mixed with greens and pirates politics in a unique cocktail . 
   is there an exact time the results of the dec 4th voting will be announced , or is it just at some point during the day ? 
  voting should close at 10 p.m. and i think that results will be certain by 3 a.m.  i hear some of the no parties want to leave the eur , i see you said it is against the constitution here , but is it possible that they will try to challenge that , and if so do you think it 's likely they could win ? 
  to challenge that , they would need a majority in parliament ( which they do n't have and most likely wo n't have if the no vote wins as it actually makes things more difficult for them ) to be able to change the constitution , to win another constitutional referendum , then to have a referendum on euro and win it . 
  it 's all very unlikely, 
  it 's a meme, 
  piedmont must be my favourite northern region, 
  what a shame stalin rolled back any socially progressive law that had been passed by lenin and the early bolsheviks, 
  they can thank the backwards dup and uup for that . 
  northern ireland must be the most conservative place in the whole of western europe . 
  it 's on poland-like levels . 
  yeah , having free choice to choose about your future as a pregnant woman is barbarity, 
  lenin was . 
  stalin kinda ended up being the opposite . 
  if lenin had n't died so early , it 's likely that ussr would have taken a completely different path continuing with a mixed economy until it reached full industrialization at which point the idea of a communist society could have been defeated . 
  commies did a few things right, 
   european countries are n't foreign policy puppets for the us except france and uk , they more than often are . 
  for example , italy did n't want war in libya but it was dragged there by usa , france and uk to defend its own interests and to save face  though they are dependent on the us for defense in many aspects ( your fault , not ours . 
  just being honest here . 
  if european countries invested more money into their own armies , they 'd be able to take the lead more often . ), 
  but that 's what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not against cooperation with the usa but it must be equals and not subordinates . 
   correct , but euroskepticism is no longer a fringe ideology . 
  not a fringe but it does n't even come close to representing a majority either . 
  i think the issue is overblown by the medias . 
  pvv has 15 % ; lega nord 12 % ; afd 12 % ; true finns 7 % ; danish people 's party 15 % ; swedish democrats 16 % . 
  the exception is literally represented by front national . 
  even fpo seems to have abandoned euroskepticism as of late . 
  i disagree . 
  things have moved to the left on a social scale ( and even then , there 's been a reaction to the revolution with the rise of afd ) and not on an economical one . 
  the spd used to be more left wing than it became after schroeder for example . 
  the cdu was more right wing but more along the lines of csu than along the lines of afd . 
  cdu has never harbored neo-nazis , nationalists and people of that kind . 
   if inefficiencies due to corruption are low they are n't . 
  this is italy 's main problem ( we have four major organized crime groups alongside several minor ones after all ; no country can match this ) alongside the prevalence of tax evasion and under the table jobs which brings down state revenue by a large amount . 
  british society is n't as dynamic as french or spanish ones . 
  [ social mobility is one of the lowest in the oecd ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/staticarchive/0e23c7fbdadc2a00f9b17eb1a59336bfad89883c.jpg ), 
  yeah but their ideology is different from what their voters think . 
  i think they are fairly nationalistic all in all , certainly more than they seemed at the beginning when they tried to be successful in all of turkey . 
  i really do n't . 
  i avoided listing the pros and cons and only did when i was asked . 
  not sure . 
  even if he loses the referendum , he 'll probably carry on until 2018 . 
  he 'd just be weaker to the minority in his own party and to his coalition partners . 
  people underrate how extreme the afd is . 
  they are n't front national-like extreme but far more to the right now . 
  the government 's average length was 18 months but elections were usually every five years anyway . 
  the parties in government the same and the agenda the same . 
  you just had a reshuffle and a couple minor changes to go with that . 
  i think that with the reform , we 'd have a more stable government ( basically the electoral law tied to the reform hands 55 % of seats to the party which wins the elections ) and that would help especially when it comes to foreign policy ( especially inside the eu as we have already seen with the current more stable government ) . 
  at the same time , for many italians , it is a threat as they fear having a party with a clear majority of votes in power for five straight years . 
  i think there will be a boost but more due to renzi 's reforms and the euro being weak at the moment rather than due to the reform in itself but that 's my opinion . 
  opinions differ greatly on this matter . 
   the legalisation of gay marriage right  keeping scotland in the union were both pretty nice . 
  scots did that and labour campaigned ( with brown ) for scotland to stay just as much as tories did, 
  that 's lovely . 
   ignoring the fact that nato members are n't really the us 's puppets in foreign policy they are greatly influenced and overtly dependant on the usa to make a move and in terms of military support . 
   you 've got significant eurosceptic movements in every country there have always been far right wing parties . 
  the front national , alleanza nazionale-lega nord , pvv , ecc . 
  have existed for a while already . 
  it 's just that they got pro russian and more euroskeptical all of a sudden as of late ( around 2011-2012 i 'd say ) . 
  that said , their existence does n't mean that there can be another tide that makes federalist ideas popular again . 
   how are you going to get enough countries to consent to further surrender their sovereignty in the form of joining a unified army ? 
  renzi and a few other leaders tested waters already and aside from uk and france , no major opposition was done . 
  these two countries , especially france now that the uk is gone , will be the major hurdle . 
  ee countries fear russia so much that they see it as a positive change and so do greece and italy ( due to them being left alone to deal with immigration ) . 
  spain and germany are still buying into the idea of a federalist europe . 
  that leaves only a handful of countries . 
  where does european russia end in your opinion ? 
  biased towards which side ? 
  for one time , they are being coherent with one of their main `` ideologies '' which is their constitutionalism , something they have generally in common with the left wing . 
   is that a fair comparison to make ? 
  not at all , in my opinion . 
  it 's a more complicated issue and one where things could either stay the same or go in the `` establishment '' 's way . 
  aside from that , the no side is formed by the left wing , by the minority inside renzi 's own party , by five star movement , by forward italy and the northern league . 
  basically , everyone except renzi 's factions inside the democratic party and minor coalition partners civic choice and new center-right opposes the reform . 
  the only similarity is that the no vote is partly driven by the desire of wanting to see renzi gone but just as much of the yes is a vote in favour of renzi . 
  it 's his fault for having made the referendum about him at first although he backstepped later on when things started backfiring ( especially after he saw how it went for cameron ) . 
  i said it even in the article . 
  that 's clear . 
  the pieces of opposition they will take are the same : ncd , udc , sc and maybe fi, 
  kazan is still geographically within europe as is kalmykia , the only buddhish majority area in europe . 
  i thought you were speaking in terms of geography and not culture . 
  only partly . 
  it 's much more gradualist and open to capitalistic influences .
