  kck ( organization of which pkk is part ) is not a threat to the west but only to the countries which control a part of kurdistan and deny kurds some kind of autonomy . 
  i do n't support pkk 's methods but i think we have more pressing issues than them . 
  april is a good time to come . 
  weather is like english summers but with more sun maybe . 
  that means , you are comfortable to go out and about at any time . 
   yeah , but the modern left does n't do any of that . 
  depends how far left you are willing to go . 
  you are speaking more about social liberals ( and so called progressives ) than anything else . 
  i was talking about the first round where pd lost barona , quartoggiaro , ecc . . 
  either way , milan is n't leftist ( bologna and napoli are ) but liberal . 
  does n't sound something they would say , they have barely talked about immigration . 
  it is n't part of their political platform, 
  and italy has received many immigrants from former communist countries such as albania and romania . 
  that said , the pd has distanced itself enough from its past alliances with commies or from being one of the successors of the communist party . 
  either way , sooner or late they will have to take a stance and lose the support of a chunk of their voters . 
  they must decide whether swinging to the right or to the left . 
  they are as catch all a party as they come . 
  grillo said that both far left and far right are welcome to be part of their movement ... ... it 's basically almost a united populist front that follows the flow, 
  abolishing wi-fi is even in their platform . 
  most of them are n't anti vax but the idea of people like sibilia becoming ministers scares me, 
  i am too :(, 
  i have searched extensively on their programme and there 's nothing . 
  the only thing of the like i have found is a peace on grillo 's blog from march 2014 but from reading the comments , it seems many of his supporters were kinda opposed to that . 
  either way , i have found nothing about that . 
  _ _ _ also , m5s have been amongst the few parties to propose decriminalization of marijuana , had most of their mps agreeing on gay marriage , ecc . 
  find me a far right party of this kind . 
  in italy , we have perfect bicameralism where both chambers are elected ( with the exception that the senate only by those over 25 so it tends to be more conservative on social issues ) and where they have the same functions . 
  this means that one can slow down the other making a law pass in a much longer time than it would usually be required . 
  also given that italians have a fetish for cutting politician 's costs , most of those who support the reform do so because there will be 315 senators gone to be replaced by mayors , governors and regional counselors elected by the people and not being given a penny for it . 
  the problem is that these politicians will do double work with half of the week in their city or region and the other half ( the weekend mostly ) in rome . 
  i 'd say i 'm in the fence ( especially because i am ideologically opposed to centralization even though devolution has n't really worked well when it comes to healthcare in southern regions ) but when looking at who favours and who 's against the reform ( given that it 's been turned into a referendum against the current pm ) , i might actually vote for it, 
  i meant is going to vote against his reform but i am gon na leave that typo as it is ... ... ... 
  i 'm not defending , just explaining them to outsiders . 
  they are often labelled as euroskeptics in the mold of ukip by british papers where they are nothing alike ( the only reason they are in the same eurogroup is due to the greens not accepting them in theirs and ukip giving them the choice to vote freely and not according to european party diktat ) i agree that the term is meaningless but they proud on having a 2 term limit for anything except municipalities below 15k inhabitants , they proud on being a party , they proud of fighting politicians ' benefits and on returning part of their wage as politicians to funds for struggling companies , ecc . 
  their whole reason of living is being different than the others and the people are buying that . 
  they have also promised a living wage ( reddito di cittadinanza ) for whoever is n't employed, 
  for someone to believe that , he must be really sheltered and live in a bubble as large as germany, 
  it alienates the white working class just as much as it gains new votes from immigrants . 
  this strategy has n't worked especially for the center left . 
  for example , the center left has won only the wealthiest districts ( somehow ) in the latest elections in turin , milan and rome, 
  i am there right now . 
  take a flight and come , 
  except they are not against immigration , are n't socially conservative , do n't want law and order ( they want to cut f35 and military budget ) . 
  there 's little outside their rhetoric which makes them right wing in my opinion . 
  a few of their members such as lombardi , raggi and maybe di battista ( although he travels with che guevara gadgets , his father was a far right winger ) are right wing ( coincidentally all of them from rome ) but outside of them , i ca n't think of anyone ( lezzi and morra were big at first but they were phased out and they are just mainstream conservatives ) messaging to / u/adastraper5-ht 2ar so he can see too, 
  that would make it pretty long list . 
  i did n't list the negatives of other parties , just their ideologies . 
  anyway , conspiracy believers of any kind ( especially regarding the environment ) make them quite close to green parties when they first got established . 
  used to be higher ( around 16 % ) last summer but it 's gone down recently as people have become tired of their rhetoric . 
  voters are slowly returning to the main center right party despite there being a fight to be berlusconi 's successor . 
  lega nord is based in northern italy ( they have over 30 % support in veneto and over 23-25 % in lombardy ) but they enjoy good support ( over 10 % ) anywhere north of latium and abruzzo . 
  south of those two regions ( including them too ) brothers of italy is much stronger . 
  we could say that they are basically one coalition polling at 15,2 % of votes ( down from 21 % last year ) . 
  * five star movement ( e-democracy ; populism ; constitutionalism ; environmentalists ) : 31,2 % * pd ( social liberals ; social democrats ) : 30,6 % * forza italia ( liberal conservatives ; christian democracy ) : 12 % * lega nord ( nationalists ; populist ) : 11,4 % * brothers of italy ( nationalconservatives ) : 4 % * italian left ( democratic socialism ; social democracy ; environmentalism ) : 3,8 % * popular area ( christian democracy ) : 3,5 % * others : 3,5 %, 
  yep, 
  people have short memories but they kinda got their shit together after grillo intervened . 
  most of the problems in rome was due to internal battle for leadership but he replaced the directorate ( five man board ) that was at the head of the party making himself leader again . 
  reality is that sooner or later , they will have to face a battle for leadership anyway though . 
  italy is pretty europeist . 
  the pd which is the most europeist got 41 % of votes . 
  the two most euroskeptical parties , m5s ( 21 % ) and lega nord ( 6 % ) got only 27 % when put together . 
  we love the eu unlike what many think . 
  even m5s avoids pushing the euro issue , it is on their platform but they do n't actively campaign for it . 
  i do n't know . 
  they are a unique party . 
  they are anti-establishmente but they are closer to piraty party , greens or podemos than they are to front national but despite being mostly left wing on social and economical issues ( more left wing than the pd , i 'd say ) they manage to attract votes from the right because they always find a way to avoid speaking about social issues and because most of their rhetoric is based on a fight against the establishment . 
  in 2013 , they actually overperformed in the elections compared to polls . 
  in 2014 , they underperformed ( european elections but then again , that vote is so different from the rest ) . 
  in 2016 , they performed just like they were expected , if not above what was expected . 
  given that i am europeist as they come , i wo n't allow that with my vote . 
  i think i 'd even campaign for that . 
  it would require a strong sacrifice at first . 
  it would simply make our economy suffer especially given how much debt we have . 
  any politician who would be responsible for that would never be able to receive a decent amount of votes anymore . 
  the only party who has a loyal enough base to pull that off is pd and they are pretty europeist, 
  he retracted his statements after brexit but i fear it 's too late . 
  everyone who does n't want him wants him gone . 
  m5s and the left would have been against the constitutional changes anyway but he put the center right and the right against him too, 
  finland and sweden should either push harder for a european army or improve their cooperation with nato forces if not enter into nato outright . 
  russia unfortunately still has imperialistic tendencies over europe as shown as of late . 
  after looking at their offer , it looks both realizable and probably a smart business move if this actually manages to advertise them and attract people on the leave side to go their chain of pubs, 
  italian constitution does n't allow it and it is just electoral campaign promises . 
  in fact , they dropped the idea of the referendum before the brexit referendum supporting the bremain side only to go back to supporting it after . 
  either way , it is n't one of their strong points . 
  grillo may be an euroskeptic but i think most of their party actually is n't . 
  albania really likes to be the odd country , does n't it ? 
  at least he created telegram and recouped on his `` losses '' , well almost, 
   nor are the search results as good, 
  algeria and their red is much easier to notice, 
   so you link an article calling saudi firefighters of extremism?that kinda proves my point , iran has never been interested in extinguishing the fire , only in setting it alive they are firefighters but also arsoners . 
  as for iran , they have never been interested in extinguishing the fire because their government used to be more extreme in the past . 
  they have financed pretty much any anti us and anti israel group in the middle east . 
  at one point , they even financed the pkk but now the us and even israel have stopped being their main enemies . 
  they are good only for speeches and nothing else . 
  saudi 's and iran 's are each other main enemies and are playing proxy wars against each other pretty much anywhere from bahrain to yemen to lebanon to syria to iraq . 
  iran is winning it because they are outsmarting the saudis and have supported a mixture of shias and arab nationalists . 
   well , good for you , they are already scared of the low oil prices.saudi it 's gon na change a lot in the next years , probably towards the kind of society the uae currently has . 
  what makes you believe that ? 
   keeping inflation under double digits may also be relevant . . anyway , as much as i want iran to progress , unless when khameini dies the next supreme leader is a bit more moderate reformists ca n't do shit . 
  you are partly right but khameini is sick ( he has reportedly been affected by cancer lately ) and fairly old so he wo n't last much .
