  long term , to be able to contrast russia we need first to diversify our energetic system ( which is the main reason we ca n't go against them ) and we need to do it quickly so that we can either broaden our sanctions or force russia into a softer stance . 
  i think nationalization works for struggling industries but if an industry is going well , then it 's not in a need of nationalization . 
  that said , i think that key public services should be in the hands of the state . 
  class warfare does n't work nowadays because investors can quickly move to a country to another . 
  for class warfare to work and for the 1 % to give society back what it needs , you would need to enforce these policies on a eu wide level so i agree with you that it 's difficult if not impossible to implement and that it is n't a good thing for germany as good as it is on paper, 
   i very much agree with you on foreign policy . 
  i would like a left-wing coalition to mend relations with russia and get out from under the boot of uncle sam . 
  however , at this point in time , nato exit would be too radical and not realistic at all . 
  it should happen slowly . 
  it should be a carefully planned long term project . 
   merkel has vetoed ukraine nato membership for almost 8 years , because nato membership for ukraine would set us on collision course with russia . 
  that is a good thing and something i supported merkel for yet i get the feeling that our leaders are n't vocal enough in nato and that american demands still manage to prevail far too often . 
   however , the far-left does n't have a realistic europe policy . 
  they are very naive about the economic problems in the south . 
  these problems can only be solved by structural reforms and not by throwing more money at the problem . 
  corruption is still a serious issue . 
  corruption is certainly an issue but in my opinion the south needs expansive policy to create jobs and an improvement of welfare state to prevent being hitten as hard by the next crisis . 
  to be able to do this , they need to cut on corruption , tax evasion ( which is really a plague in both italy and greece ) and generally to increase revenue without increasing taxes ( this can be done through legalization and state monopoly of soft drugs for example ) . 
  i think spd-grune has the best stance towards the south , die linke 's is still better than merkel 's austerity though . 
   example ? 
  ukraine is a pretty european issue . 
  it is but threatening russia with sanctions has changed little . 
  russia 's stance is the same as it was and it has only turned the west into the scapegoat of most problems russia faces nowadays . 
  merkel is centrist . 
  reminds me of italian christian democrats in the late 60s up to the mid-late 70s . 
  that said , most of her cabinet is center right , she 's probably one of cdu 's most centrists members, 
  tell me what 's extreme about their policies ? 
  do germans support economical liberal policies so much ? 
  these policies have only benefitted a portion of germans with economic inequality rising . 
  to what good is growth if only a chunk of people can benefit from it ? 
  die linke is left but certainly not extreme left . 
  afd is closer to far right ( yet they are n't ) than die linke is to far left, 
   i do n't think that this was a wrong decision . 
  it has set a precedence . 
  spain was allowed but why should for example italy not be allowed too ? 
  schauble is a disaster, 
   the linke has the same proposals as they had ten years ago ( tax the rich , nationalize industries and banks etc. 
  they are all valid proposals and there 's nothing extreme in them . 
  they are standard social democratic policies . 
  income inequality has been getting higher since schroeder 's liberalization , germany ( and europe as a whole ) needs proper social democratic policies as a breath of fresh air . 
  being against liberalism now means being against business ? 
   the main stumbling block are the positions of the far-right die linke which , among other things , wants to leave nato . 
  being against nato is a legitimate position given that nato is merely a projection of us power . 
  it 's a way to keep european countries ' foreign policy under its influence but do we want this influence if it means we are going to be pressured into war after war ? 
  the clear long term option for eu countries is a common army and an exit from nato i would welcome a r2g , it would be a nice change in the stale german political system and would benefit europe as the new government would push for expansive economical policy and be more willing to listen to what other members have to say than merkel has been . 
  it 'd be a good thing for italy as well as our current government would certainly have a better relationship with gabriel and spd than it currently does with merkel, 
  not saying this is the best building but simply that stalinist is the best style . 
  i 'm not of pomo architecture either but it 's improvement on most things that came after the ww2, 
  the fact that a copy was the best thing between 1945 and 1990 speaks poorly of the architecture in the period . 
  there 's no architectural style which developed in this period which is actually remarkable, 
  so what ? 
  our constitution declares the separation of church and state and of politics and religion . 
  i do n't want to see the church keep meddling in politics as it has countless times blocking same sex marriage or making it easier for medicians who are against abortion to advance in their career because of the hold they have on the healthcare system in a few regions, 
  what they said is probably too extreme for my likings if i think about it but i said in gist because of how italian society . 
  people are n't religious here but the church somehow still manages to influence a larger amount of people than there will ever go in church, 
  i do n't support nationalism and do n't agree with most of the principles fn or other such parties are based . 
  what i 'm saying is that they are more institutionalized and moderate than other far right parties , not that i actually want them to win . 
  my favourite choices in france would be as follows : front de gauche ; socialist party ; modem ; a jupp\u00e8 led ump ( les republicans or whatever they are called now ) ; le pen ; a sarkozy led ump also , supporting secularism and church-state separation is left wing . 
  it is n't liberal ( and i 'm not ) but it 's left wing . 
  here , the church clings tooth and nail to its own privileges . 
  we would need a mitterand to end them but we do n't have one at the moment, 
  fair enough . 
  the italian state is still secular in name so i still think there should be no place for religious symbols in our public buildings but they are basically in every class , office , ecc . 
  which makes me sad an atheist and as a supporter of the basic principles of our constitutions, 
  i think medvedev faced the west in talks and negotiations fairly well . 
  he was n't hawkish but he still held his own . 
  he looked a quite good leader to me . 
  putin was too in his first two terms ( with the exception of chechnya maybe ) but his third one was catastrophic, 
   t should be present on the steets with people not caring about it . 
  when you only allow it in private , you only allow it hidden . 
  it 's a bit like only allowing people to be gay , when they pretend to be not in the open . 
  the only place where it does n't belong is in institutions that are in any way paid by the taxpayer . 
  you are right . 
  i prolly exaggerated but what i really meant is that they should n't first and foremost be in buildings that are paid by the taxpayer ( hence why i said public buildings as opposed to private ones like for example banks ) . 
  i am not saying i support the whole move , i 'm just trying to understand how it would be implemented . 
  seems kinda hard to do it, 
  that 's true but if they are able to pay it off later in their life , it wo n't be a problem . 
  i 'm speaking of my experiences of italy mainly, 
  thanks for the answer . 
  is there anyone out of putin 's likely successor that 'd have better relationship with the west ( which means not as nationalistic , kinda like putin 's first two terms ) and not be as authoritian, 
  oh :( i missed that ... ... . . anyway , what will be of russia if putin dies or goes missing ? 
  what i mean is that there should n't be any religious sign in public buildings ( i.e. 
  places owned by the state ) because every modern constitution indicates separation between church ( and therefore religion ) and state . 
  anything more is a plus to me but i guess you are right that there would be a risk of infringing freedoms . 
  they would fit the bill too, 
  is he ? 
  wikipedia makes them sound better than they are , i.e. 
  an ordinary left wing party . 
  what do you think it would happen if putin suddenly died tomorrow ? 
  would his party still be ruling or would they start struggling without his presence ? 
  at the end , the problem of any authoritarian government is succession, 
  that was their best effort but the eur as a whole ( and the rome world 's fair project ) or towns such as [ sabaudia ] ( http://cdn.pleinair.it/wp-content/uploads/211772.jpg ) if you looking at a more ordinary example are worth a look, 
  fair enough . 
  i think it 's a mixed bag and that some universities like salerno , bari or napoli are quite good, 
  i do n't know but this would interest only public buildings so an exception can be made for them i guess . 
  clergy would be the exception, 
  even the other ones would survive it . 
  there are enough conspiracy theorists that still claim that the landing on the moon never happened, 
  syria is the one place where russia is doing the right thing ... for their own gain but they are doing it, 
  that 's what foreign policy advisors are for .
