  i actually think the us was in need of someone that could counterbalance cia or pentagon 's hawkish behaviour, 
  $ 500 a month i mean, 
  nothing 's wrong really . 
  i 'm not against that even though she downplayed many of the mistakes her grandfather did . 
  mussolini is part of our history and he should n't be erased from it . 
  [ where i live we have a whole seawalk built by one of mussolini 's cronies ] ( http://www.thenicolaushotel.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/destination_bari_lungomare_1.jpg ), 
   cl is comunione & liberazione , it controls nowadays a lot of hospitals and clinics in the northern part of the country , especially lombardy . 
  it 's a private organization paid with public money . 
  i did n't know that cl handled so many hospitals . 
  i knew they had a pretty relevant role but i thought they were limited only to partly public ones . 
  i didn ' know about enaip either and i thought our government was directly funding the coastal guards instead of the ongs . 
  my dream would be for just russia to go into government . 
  them and yabloko are the only decent parties . 
  the rest is more extreme than putin . 
  on one side , you have the ultra nationalists and on the other the commie nationalists, 
  which region ? 
  i frequent a southern university and it is n't bad at all , in fact i do n't get why there 's a problem aside from universities being unfunded . 
  i think it 's the same old defeatist attitude we have that makes us believe that things are worse in our universities, 
  fair enough , it used the same here with fascist writings on 20s and 30s buildings and with the buildings themselves but they still mostly stand . 
  we still have [ this ] ( http://www.ilgiornale.it/sites/default/files/foto/2016/01/19/1453204432-antrodoco.jpg ), 
  i think that a well rebuilt historical center is still far better than a town completely made up of 50s-60s buildings would be . 
  those years after the war were the ones where architecture touched its lowest point, 
  fair enough . 
  what 's cl ? 
  i was n't aware we had private organizations handle our welfare , which is terrible for a country such as italy by the way . 
  i get it . 
  looks similar to what our center right has done with civil unions then, 
  they do have but i fear it will set a precendence and that ttip will enter through the backdoor and start looking like a possibility, 
  he 's center left and that 's stretching it already . 
  anyway , he 's the best option out of the ones that are available . 
  if parisi wins center right 's leadership , then we would have a valid alternative as well , but we currently do n't , which is a shame because m5s will never be one as long as griillo and casaleggio jr. are in charge, 
  what are you studying ? 
  in my opinion , if we have to receive these immigrants , they should start back from schools and work their way up to be able to get a high school degree . 
  anyway , out of all the far right wing parties in europe , front national is the only one i 'm not scared about . 
  i just wish they 'd drop their stance against the eu and euro though, 
  where is that 50,5 % spent then ? 
  and is public spending higher elsewhere ? 
  i guess it 's just that maybe our revenues are lower due to tax evasion but it 's difficult to find a way to actually solve it . 
  fair enough but i do n't want people thinking italy is some illiberal democracy or a dictatoship when we are close to actual democracy than the us is, 
  many of these foreigners are mostly romas , subsaharians or romanians working in the fields of southern italy while being paid under the table ( but not always ) , doing long hours and getting paid $ 500 a month . 
  there are undoubtedly many who take advantage of the system though . 
  government spending cuts would do southern italy a world of good . 
  we need less useless public jobs , more actual investments from the government to create public infrastructure and more welfare state to the point of establishing a basic income, 
  did n't know . 
  fair enough . 
  they could still be likely voters in a second presidential round , would n't they ? 
  public spending is 50,5 % of gdp but it 's structured badly with 19 % of it being government expenditure and much of it going to regions such as sicily , calabria , ecc . 
  in the form of little needed public jobs . 
  italy does n't need austerity ( paging / u/truthsmells ) but to increase the share of money in the welfare system and to decrease useless measures such as the 500 euros and 80 euros bonuses or the 30k forest guards in sicily where there 's no need for it, 
  the second part of your comment is n't true . 
  southern italy has the lowest birth rate in the country . 
  for example , in 2014 it was 1,46 in the north ( with trentino at 1,65 ) , 1,36 in the central regions and 1,32 in the south . 
  i have the impression that young women smoke as much as young men here in italy but at the same time they also tend to be social smokers rather than serious ones who are hooked on tobacco and nicotine, 
  so it sounds like the saying `` you are smoking like a turkish men '' ( it 's common in italy at least ) is true after all !, 
  anyway , i expected us to have way more smokers than we actually do . 
  17,4 % is a good number , the constant cigarettes price hikes probably have much to do with it, 
  ceta would only open the way for ttip . 
  hope that countries such as romania , bulgaria and belgium will keep vetoeing it, 
  only future 'll tell us, 
  i may be exaggerating with my words but at the very least i think that there should be no religious signs in public places and if we can , in political discours as well , especially if that rhetoric is divisive . 
  would they ? 
  either way , it would be a good development but knowing and having heard right winger talk , i doubt they would eradicate christian symbols from any place given that most of them think of our society as a christian one instead of a secular one, 
  i just wish the church applied only jesus teachings and avoided any divisive talk . 
  it would be for the better . 
  there has surely been a positive development with the current pope, 
   apparently not . 
  did you guys ever even have any equivalent to de-nazification after the war ? 
  liberals who worked with the regime kept working under the new democratic government too . 
  same goes for file and rank fascists . 
  only the elites were kicked out . 
  the most free country in the world had the red scare and mccarthyism though  yeah apparently you even sent mussolini 's daughter to represent your country in the european parliament . 
  we did  ah yes , the mating call of the totalitarian . 
  oh , please , we have enough ted cruz ( zes ) who tell us how we should live and try to impose their views on us already . 
  i 'm not against there being a referendum on gay marriage , i 'm just against campaigning against the catholic or the lutheran church ( to make an example ) openly campaigning against it, 
  makes sense but also makes me more negative about the future than i should be, 
  i did n't know about it . 
  that 's probably because there 's no protestantism ( the most popular protestant church , the waldensians , are pro lgbt ) in italy or very little of it and the only one church we have had with is the catholic church, 
  unfortunately , there are several areas outside of european city centers that are n't appealing for pedestrians but this stands true especially for places that were damaged in ww2, 
  wait , italy has never heard of freedom of speech ? 
  i am pretty sure we have it instead , there are all kinds of parties in parliament starting from democratic socialists to northern separatists and nationalists . 
  we even have people supporting degrowth theories in parliament . 
  we even used to have communists and neo fascists . 
  there is and was far more political choice than the usa ever had we want freedom but do we want popes and imams to be part of politics especially when our countries are declaredly secular, 
  in the west , they would n't . 
  honestly , even as an atheist , i 'm not opposed to some preceits of christianity ( the ones who are n't about social matters , mostly ) , it 's how the religious leaders spin it that creates a problem . 
  in my opinion , stalinist architecture is the best thing to have happened in architecture between ww2 and the 90s, 
  i was looking at north western european examples , to be fair , since that 's the area he talked about, 
  the church still probably holds a 10 % of votes . 
  the protests against same sex marriages are an example and these 10-15 % of votes would most likely still fall amongst fn 's likely electors . 
  that said , france is better than most european countries in this regard, 
  no moderate republican would agree to being trump 's vp and pence is n't one . 
  the fact that he would be vp ( he 's not only extremely conservative but supports globalism and would enact economical reforms that would hurt the us working class even more ) negate any half positive thing that would come with a trump presidency ( let 's be fair , trump would be a bush 2.0 where the vp does all the decision making ) . 
  they do have a strong equipment though . 
  it 's not numbers which count sometimes but equipment . 
  russia 's military is no doubt stronger than china 's , not to count that in a likely war china would actually be on russia 's side as well, 
  i do n't think it is due to the constant progress in medicine and due to the improving conditions in developing countries . 
  there may be outbreaks but they will be confined to the third world . 
  a war seems much more likely ... ... ... 
  it does but that does n't mean it does n't have large avenues crossing it . 
  well , that 's not even warsaw 's historical center , is it ?
