  most of the m5s , the most left wing section of pd and to my surprise scelta civica centrists support decriminalization . 
  no member of any right wing party though, 
  that 's being authoritarian, 
  i know but in the demographic census , roma and romanians often figure as one and the same even if they are n't . 
  they are unique in their own setting but the same kind of items are usually sold ( from christmas tree decorations to christmas sweets to everything concerning christmas ) . 
  we also have living or artistic nativity scenes . 
   really though - would you ever live in a muslim country where you could be executed for being gay , an athiest , or a witch . 
  where as a female you could n't leave your house without a male chaperone ? 
  you are speaking of islam and of islamic countries as if they were a united bloc . 
  truth is that lebanon is different jordan which is different from indonesia which is different from saudi arabia . 
  is islam as a whole bloc to modernity ? 
  yeah , kinda like christianity used to be and still is . 
  it must be said that islam and modernity can coexist though kinda like christianity and modernity can still coexist . 
  islamic countries are at an earlier stages of modernization than christian ( or nowadays post-christian ) countries are and that does n't mean that their core values are any worse than ours . 
  islam has produced both the golden age and wahhabism , both the ottoman empire ( or jordan ) and saudi arabia , ecc . 
  just like christianity has produced both renaissance and the crusades or both fascist italy and the first parliament ever . 
  same here . 
  i hope i have changed the view of others towards something closer to my beliefs and to have highlighted the weak points of the so called far right ( they have good ones too as i have said ) and that you , as a libertarian , do n't fit with any such group ( except ukip and their liberal extravaganza ) . 
  see you later too , 
  liberals usually say that , not actual leftists . 
  let 's just agree to disagree . 
  i , a convinced social democrat , certainly wo n't convince a free market libertarian and viceversa . 
   every job can be substituted . 
  tell me how . 
  what machines can replace them ? 
   this has been proven to not happen . 
  and what you say has been proven to happen ? 
   i never said i did , nor is it my job to do so . 
  i am saying that the government ( who 's job it is to care about all of it 's citizens ) is not doing it 's job . 
  and neither would the `` far right ''  i 'm a free-market capitalist , the tories are tame compared with what i want . 
  then you stand for the elites , not for the ordinary man and the parties you vote which claimed to stand for the ordinary man actually stand for the elites too, 
  leftists ( s & d ) kind of . 
  a few of them sure but just as many never have , just the one closer to liberalism like blair 's labour . 
  by the way , i was mostly speaking about gue-nl . 
  integration is working for the most part ( 80-85 % of people overall ) . 
  the problem is that we tend to notice an immigrant much more easilt when he 's not integrated than when he is . 
  let 's make an example : it 's easier to notice a moroccan women with hijab than the other ten which are dressed like the average westernet or it 's easier to notice a roma than it is to notice a romanian . 
  it 's not that dirty in italy either . 
  demagogue is a much heavier word here, 
  i have mistaken the labels, 
   there would n't : there 'd be increased technology usage or increased wages to make the job more appealing to the native population . 
  there would n't . 
  medicians , bricklayers or carpenters can not be substituted . 
  wages would n't be much higher either and while they would slightly increase , the prices of homes , healthcare or whatever immigrants are used for would increase at the same pace . 
  in the end , nothing would change . 
   i have private healthcare . 
  additionally ukip are now irrelevant . 
  to answer your question directly though , sure so you do n't care about the ordinary man ( because the ordinary man is the working middle class ) which uses public healthcare because you can afford private healthcare instead ? 
   i 'd trust them - they 're just tories who really wanted us out of the eu . 
  they are like the tories , then . 
  that 's reassuring . 
  oh wait ... . . are n't the tories the party who are trying to privatize the nhs , that have privatized almost every public sector making inefficent and harder to access to the working middle class and which have sold out all of uk 's manifacturing sector ? 
  yep , they are , so if ukip are like tories , you ca n't trust them . 
  it would be the same in a federalized state because that 's how federal states work . 
  otherwise , we would n't have a federalized state but a centralized one in all but name . 
  i agree with you . 
  i want to see constructive criticism . 
  by the way , your discours apply to the so called far left just as well as it applies to the so called far right . 
  it 's in their interest as well . 
  communism got beaten in italy in the 70s because they finally decided to take it seriously and implement a few of the things it called for and which concerned the working class . 
   they 're not . 
  they are or why else would there be a hole in these fields without immigrants . 
  medicians will be needed more and more with population getting older . 
  bricklayers and carpenters will be needed to carry public and private works . 
  agricultural workers will be needed at the very least to oversee production . 
   because they do n't need to . 
  if you do n't feel safe , nothing else matters ( maslow 's hierarchy of needs ) . 
  that 's just an excuse to keep making it everything under that one single pretext . 
  answer my question : would you , ordinary man , trust ukip to handle the nhs ? 
  it may be but in the european scheme of things they are a threat ( just like fidesz by the way but poland matters much more than hungary ), 
  i do n't . 
  to each his own , i guess . 
  i am not fond of centralism either ( i 'm socialdemocrat , probably even slightly left wing of that , but i ideally , support federalism and devolution of powers to region ) and i do n't see this centralism . 
  how each of the 28 governments had to agree to a free trade agreement like ceta is an example of how federalism actually matters . 
   i 'd say that poland 's pis is somewhere inbetween , although on the more extreme end . 
  my idea of pis changed ever since they tried to make those dubious constitutional changes and have tried to outlaw any kind of abortion, 
  i do n't agree completely . 
  limiting immigration would drive up wages for sure but at the same time , it would leave a fairly large hole in a fair few jobs and would raise the price of produce . 
  immigration is needed because agricultural workers , medicians , bricklayers or carpenters are needed . 
  sometimes , the local population just does n't fill up all the jobs that may be avalaible ( it could when looking at numbers but there are fields with no jobs avalaible and others with several ) . 
  now , even the left agrees that there 's too much immigration and is making an active effort to stop illegal immigration . 
   as you said yourself the populist right are appealing to the ordinary man . 
  i disagree . 
  the populist right might be saying a few appealing things ( shutting radical mosques for example ) but it avoids talking of many other things that could appeal to the ordinary man . 
  it blames everything on immigrants even when immigration does n't matter . 
  it has an extremely unclear economical policy and one day it defends the welfare state and three other days it wants cuts to welfare . 
  for example nhs matters to the ordinary man , would you trust ukip to defend it ? 
  what can you do ? 
  it 's the usual excuses of liberals . 
  either way , i would say that the a few right wing parties play into their hands making outlandish claims or supporting ( or having ties to ) certain groups which are actually far right . 
  for example , when the northern league decides to have a common rally with declaredly neo-fascist casapound , they lend themselves to these attacks  okay , immigration may not be great and may cost work of many domestic workers , but yet , we need some , because of high profile workers ... we also should adjust our education , to fit the needs and so on . 
  is this an example ? 
  for all i care , someone may even be for completely open border but should respect someone 's elses opinion even if it 's the opposite . 
  that goes for both side and i think the supporters of parties like fpo , fn , vvd , ecc . 
  often are as guilty as supporters of parties like libdems , ecc . 
  sure but you have to take at the balance , at the average of these parties , at who 's in charge and at the rhetoric they use . 
  fn is much saner than afd for example . 
  it was n't but le pen has done a brilliant job at making the party an actual realistic alternative , whether you like her or not, 
  patriots do n't have to be nationalists or right wingers . 
  you are once again mistaking nationalism with patriotism .
