  if you have a job , why the hell should the parents pay for everything ? 
  children would definitely help if they have a job . 
  they would be self sufficent for anything except housing and maybe food or other homework like washing clothes et al varying from case to case . 
  either way , no italian parent would ever ask his children for money to stay in his own home especially given that in most cases that same home would be the future house of one of their children anyway, 
  i can tell you bari , salerno and napoli can be pretty good universities despite their reputations . 
  i do n't believe universities are better in the north/center at all aside from a few excellences such as bocconi or cattolica which are expensive anyway, 
  why ? 
  people here do n't see the need for it . 
  that would be extra costs for parents which would vary on whether one is eligible for student loans/scholarship bonuses, 
  if you live in the city where there 's an university or within a one hour public transport range of said university , then you do n't need to move, 
  here you are only if you are still with your parents after 32-35 . 
  that said , parents charging their own children for staying in their own homes as someone has spoken of seems an unthinkable thing in italy . 
  that would be fairly interesting and yeah , many elderly tend to live with or very close to their children especially as they get older . 
  they usually help out each other . 
  at first , grandpas and grandmas look over their grandchildren and then as they get older their grandchildren and children look after them . 
   i left spain years ago , but for a lot things i am still registered at my parents house . 
  because it 's very convenient to have an address in there . 
  i wonder i am still counting towards living at my parents house . 
  now that i think about it , i have moved to but my residence is still at my parents house while my domicile is at my house, 
   the state also pays you to live on your own , you get less benefits for staying at you parents place . 
  this is a really important fact , because without it many would n't afford an own place . 
  i guess this is an important point  more importantly than a cultural factor is the fact that if you are studying at least , spending half of your income on housing will leave plenty of resources for whatever you want to do . 
  you will find good student housing in many cities too where rent is expensive . 
  of course you have a small budget as a student , but it 's a pretty good time as long as you can afford beer . 
  honestly , the fact that just around 20-25 % of italians decide to go to uni makes the difference . 
  many just are n't willing to study if they are able to find even a poorly paying job before . 
  one of my friends think that she 's independent because she works and is able to pay all her things on her own even though she lives with her mother, 
  rents in bari and southern italy as a whole are n't high at all . 
  in fact , it comes as a surprise to why northern italians avoid our universities like the plague when they can be just as valuable, 
  yet why so much outrage and electing far right parties such as jobbik , or pis when the eu wants to relocate just 160k refugees or immigrants ( many of which would be sent back ) to eastern european countries . 
  if poland was so welcoming , they could have certainly taken them in, 
   as a teenager you 're supposed to work here anyway . 
  once you start doing that , your parents will start charging you money if you live with them , since you cost them money . 
  living in a shared apartment was n't that much more expensive than staying at home . 
  no parent would ever dream of charging their sons and daughters for staying in their own home . 
  that 'd be considered ridiculous behaviour  studying . 
  a large fraction of students do not study in the city where their parents live . 
  in my situation , i would have had to travel 2.5 hours per direction had i stayed home . 
  there are many universities close by here . 
  the closest to where i lived was half a hour away but i preferred ( as the public one did n't have my course and the private one was costly ) going to another one hour away . 
  unless you live in a backwater , commuting is possible . 
  i could have done it if i wanted to . 
   independence . 
  this is golden . 
  and once you 're out , going back is difficult . 
  i 've had to do it for a few months , and neither me or my parents could really get used to it anymore . 
  fair . 
  that 's an extremely valid point but for many family ties outvalue independence  privacy . 
  i ca n't imagine bringing someone home for ermm . . things ... when my parents would be in the same building . 
  utterly embarrassing . 
  how do you italians do this ? 
  well , that 's what cars , parks , ecc . 
  are for ... . . :d, 
  that 's not the point . 
  rules are made to be respected and spain is pissing over one of the key economic rules of the eu . 
  that said , i think highering ( not over 3 % but on the limit which we are n't even allowed ) the deficit would be a good thing as it would allow us to get the economy going, 
  i will get $ 2400 of scholarship bonus , student loans or whatever they are called . 
  that 's enough to cover all my rent costs ( roughly $ 1800 ) as well as any book i will have to purchase . 
  i would n't call it a joke especially given that from the 2nd year i would have the right to access to campuses and canteens for free i have a lower income and it 's not that expensive, 
  well , it 's unfair for spain to be held to special standards when economies which are struggling just as much are n't . 
  it 's normal here , 
  a fair few of us can afford it , it 's just that we do n't want to and we do n't view it as convenient, 
  i know , my cousin pays # 600 to share a studio flat in central london : /, 
  a fair chunk of us moves to study at uni ( like i did ) but a chunk that 's just as large just goes to the closest uni . 
  here , universities are n't free but it 's quite close , especially for families that have a salary below the italian average and are eligible for exemptions and scholarship bonuses . 
  too ad to this , there 's another chunk which moves to go to uni but returns home after uni ends to land a job in or near the town where they are born by the way , the percentage of italians going to uni is much lower than other countries, 
  either way , i find it unfair and inconsistent that you get to breech a eu rule while we ca n't . 
  the solution are either for spain to remain under 3 % deficit or for spain and other southern countries to push for opt-outs in specific cases, 
  what mitterand failure ? 
  our banks are all in the hands of privates which is why they have been struggling after having made damaging investments . 
  they may have been bailed out by the government but not anything more than that . 
  nationalization is a solution to fix struggling banks and i think a valid one if done well . 
  ok . what policies have you adopted then ? 
  and how come we manage to take care of 11,5 % unemployed people with 2,3-2 ,5 % deficit and while enacting a mix of cuts and expansive policies ? 
  south , southwest and west london are expensive . 
  the northern and eastern side of the city are cheaper because they have been and still partly are working class areas, 
  the `` kick-your-kid-off-your-house-once-they-hit-18 '' norm is not part of our culture and i honestly do n't understand it . 
  family ties are more valued than independence on average i think that it 's actually convenient for many of us to stay in our parents ' home until we have a stable job or a family . 
  it allows us to save for the future when we will be able to kickstart a family . 
  why spent half of your wage on rent ( where you have to live with 3 more people and have to run on a tight budget ) when you have the chance to live at your parents ' and save that same money for the future . 
  if you look at data , it wo n't come as a surprise that italy has a low percentage of rented homes . 
  russia punches well above its weight but there are areas where they have no influence such as latin america or southeast asia . 
  i think china is doing what russia has been doing with hard power much better through soft power, 
   then they try to invade us for no reason at all `` una faccia , una razza '' so we had to be one single country , 
  we are trying lately . 
  the problem is that we have had incompetent pms and foreign ministers ever since d'alema left office . 
  renzi is the first proper leader we have had that is vocal respected enough to make us matter . 
  spain had much more of a key role with zapatero but the economical crisis got rid of him, 
   fucking kill me already . 
   do n't vote for association with ukraine !, 
  i want to get back at our government !, 
   do n't vote for ceta !, 
  i think ttip is bad !, 
   let 's throw out the + -35 agreements we already have because i think the us is evil incarnate !, 
  maybe i did n't explain myself well at all , the chance of a fta with the usa going unopposed is a concern to me . 
  it 's refreshing that various parliaments and governments have been trying to curb out the negative aspects of this deal . 
  the canada-eu deal should be done but only after the concerns of each member state are addressed , this ensures that we get the best fta possible and that all parties can benefit from it . 
   i 'd guess had the ps been in the government they would have let it trough & this is just them fishing for votes . 
  they made plenty of mistakes but could have crawled back in my favour but instead seem to decide to go a reactionary route so popular on both sides of the spectrum nowadays less surprising since they 're loosing votes to the far left . 
  they still stood up for whoever was going to struggle  a few days ago they proposed a tax on automation .
