  [ you can see albania from the easternmost point on clear days . 
  ] ( http://www.whydigital.it/wp-content/uploads/2016/05/faro-punta-palascia-otranto-albania.jpg ), 
   like registering all people who enter ? 
  we try to do that already but several of them magically forget about their names . 
   like returning people perhaps ? 
  should be done more often but the reason for that is that we are yet to struck a deal on the issue with many countries these immigrants come from  like setting up camps for illegals ? 
  there are detention centers for asylum seekers already . 
  the problem is that they are almost never deported back to their home countries which brings us back to the importance of needing to struck a deal with the highest amount of countries regarding deportation  like not picking people up since it only further incentives people to cross ? 
  it 's save them or drown them in this case . 
  the fault is not ours but of whoever had decided that intervention in libya without a post war plan was a good idea, 
  not sure . 
  i think that managing to struck a deal regarding how deportation should work with the most countries we can is the way to go . 
  no , we are not letting them drown saving them by what would be an obvious end for several of them . 
  they are pushed on overcrowded boats that are either in precarious conditions or who are broken on purpose by human traffickers before going back to the libyan shore, 
   you are already detaining asyum seekers in italy ? 
  did n't that cause an uproar in your press ? 
  we do . 
  it has n't caused much of an uproar . 
  we have refugee centers where they live in [ little villages like structure ] ( http://www.ilsettemezzomagazine.it/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/mineo_cara_case_immigrati.jpg ) . 
  it 's a little city and it has n't been much of a problem in the press except for it being overcrowded at times . 
  the anti immigrant party northern league has attacked the existence of the center and they had rose to 15 % last summer but they are now down to 10 % in polls  well that depends on your definition of a difficult situation , but bad living conditions do n't give you asylum in europe ( correct me if i am wrong ) they do n't  i am not judging them for fleeing poor living conditions , i am certain i would try to do it as well , but we have to have a sincere look at what we can do and what the implications of our actions are . 
  that 's why it is n't a simple `` get in , everybody '' . 
  i agree with you . 
  i think we just need to acknowledge that and not dehumanize these people as much as the far right wing does . 
  the left and the center right need to come up with solutions though instead of avoiding to talk about it, 
  she is one though . 
  or else , you do n't know what being left wing is . 
  she 's a staunch believer of market economy , is a christian democrat , she has imposed austerity and therefore restrictive measures classical of conservativism , ecc . 
  * magdeburg  magdeburgo * augsburg  augusta * koln  colonia * koblenz  coblenza * trier  treviri * bremen  brema well , that 's it, 
   stay living there or return home . 
  if their home is not at war and they just wanted better life they will return home . 
  if their home is at war and returning there means death for them , they will see the conditions in the camp as haven . 
  relatively happy ending for everyone . 
  not really . 
  most of them do stay regardless of war or not . 
  these migrants leave literally anything behind them to be able to make the trip . 
  they sell their home , leave their work and so on . 
   merkel and her fellow far-leftists are just leaving honey out for the ants . 
  well , i have just realized it 's not worth talking with you anymore . 
  describing merkel as a far leftist when she 's a centrist ... ... ... . 
  different situation from syria . 
  gaddafi would have repressed the revolt and things would have moved on if it was n't for western support to rebels . 
  it would have produced probably problems in the short run but not in the medium and long run, 
  we will only have to see but i would say that in 3 cases out of 4 second gen and third gen immigrants are perfectly integrated . 
  we just tend to highlight those who have n't because we notice them more than those who have because of them being more different than us, 
  not for me given i 'm a lefty, 
  sturgeon is an impressive politician . 
  she knows how to deal to appease her electorate and i 'm confident that one day she will be able to make scotland its own independent country, 
  yeah but that can be done in several ways and what the far right supports has as many flaws as the current solution . 
  i 'm highlighting them throughout the thread . 
  in fact , i think the solution would be to fund more and to tweak the current system applying it to the law . 
  this is basically the solution i support but the problem is that if more and more people decide not to reveal their identities and stay there , these centers will get overcrowded sooner or later . . 
   she was acting very recklessly and naively with regards to the future of the german people . 
  most of it depends on the aftermath . 
  if she is able to integrate most of them , then the gamble will have paid . 
  there needs to be young blood to support germany 's ageing population ( due to falling birht rates ) and the social security system . 
  i have n't said that . 
  i just said that if it means choosing marine le pen and a likely way out of the eu , it exactly means that . 
  and you are n't guaranteed a solution to the refugee crisis either since politicians ca n't be relied on . 
  a frenxit is as likely as france resolving its immigration issue were le pen to be elected . 
   she did n't `` take responsibility '' , she just blatantly ignored the native population and threw them under the bus . 
  she did and is paying the consequences with afd going above 10 % from the 2-3 % it had back then, 
   `` minister improp to detain innocent people '' . 
  cue the strings of you being called racist . 
  so that is n't going to happen , i fear . 
  it 's happening already in italy although not to the rate it should . 
  we are successfully deporting anyone who 's accused of having links with terrorist islamist organizations without anyone causing an uproar . 
  in fact , i think that most people would accept deportation to some degree  which means we would be back to square one . 
  where to send them ? 
  in order for them to freely give up where they came from the alternative ( staying inside your camp ) needs to be less attractive . 
  i do n't see that happening with the proposed `` little cities '' . 
  the problem is that taking the australian system in mind , most people accept to go to nauru knowing full well the consequences and what they will have to pass there . 
  if these people are desperate enough to take a boat and risk their lives through the mediterranean sea , then they are desperate enough to live in far worse conditions . 
  in fact , most of these people are fleeing from difficult solutions ( whether they are economical or politicial and they would be accepted as refugees only in the second case ) , we tend to deny that too often . 
  we demonize economical immigrants but they probably form the underclass or the working class of their countries and are used to living in precarious situations . 
  adopting the australian system to the letter , we would have a similar limbo like situation , if it is n't nauru , it 's another place . 
  this is why i think we need to either find another solution or modify the system . 
  as for deportations , we just need to get an agreement over the issue with more countries . 
  it can currently be done with some countries but still not with enough of them . 
  so you are paranoid enough to care only for this problem without realizing the hurt that a le pen presidency would bring to french economy . 
  here , it 's much worse since the fall of the gaddafi regime so much so that every italian wants him back . 
  it 's all france 's and the uk 's fault for that though . 
  france has only to blame itself for this problem . 
  the number of immigrants stuck in calais has increased by magnitude since the libyan civil war, 
  at the moment , there are several refugee centers inside the eu , the problem is that these centers are n't controlled enough and several immigrants centers ( whose goal is to identify immigrants and/or help them through the asylum demand ) . 
  the problem is that these centers let the migrants they have identified out of these centers during the day only for them to return in the evening so several tend to go missing to try their luck . 
  i think the solution should be to increase the number of these centers since they are getting overcrowded , to increase their funding to be able to control these centers more effectively and to to offer enough activities and little jobs to avoid having to let them out of these center . 
  the ones who do n't have their asylum request accepted are deported back to their own countries while the ones who succeed move on . 
  i think you could even succeed to individuate skilled workers ( there are several although they are the minority ) amongst the economical immigrants and accept them since they can be useful to our societies . 
   i daresay some real estate in libya could be arranged with the right palms greased . 
  not yet given the situation libya is in and i think it would work only if the eu has jurisdiction on these refugee centers . 
  i 'm not against the solution all in all , i just want to avoid the main problem of australian solution which is how nauru handles these people . 
  they are still people after all and do n't deserve such a treatment . 
  but marine le pen does n't want to be in the eu . 
  that 's where the problem arises . 
  i think the main reason for fighting in libya is not just to get us rid of is but to have a stable government that can block illegation immigration passing through the country . 
  pre 2011 , we got at most 20k immigrants a year which we could welcome but now it 's nine times as much . 
  the issues of the southern route will take of itself once serraj is able to take hold of all of libya . 
  i would n't want other countries to handle this people either , i do prefer the australian solution if it can be put into practice unless the eu itself can have control on these centers . 
  you make it all too easy .
