  i hope for their own sake that it 's the former because it would be worrying if it was the latter, 
   i feel that most major western countries have legalized it ( italy being the exception , but i can see that with the influence of the vatican ) . 
  we were quite close to legalize it but the current government 's junior coalition party and five star movement 's surprising abstention ( despite 80 % of their mps being in favour ) forced them to backtrack to civil unions, 
  because cdu , despite all the flack they seem to get on here from right winger because of one bad decision , are actually a conservative party . 
  hungary did a good thing when it raised wall on the eu 's outside border but italy can not do any of that since you ca n't raise a wall in the midst of the sea and you can not let people sink due to international treaties either . 
  turkish government wanted it but turkish people do n't want it so much so that the current turkish government had lost a lot of support . 
  you know why turkey is intervening in syria ? 
  one of the main reasons is to create a safe zone where to host thousands of refugees . 
   indondesians arent the only people who swim there . 
  indonesians take indonesians and people of other nationalities , kinda like libya used to do . 
  i believe this solution is populistic at the moment because there are n't the conditions to make it doable with the current ongoing war in lybia ( the only country that would most likely agree to a similar deal ) and because australian system has a lot of problems as well . 
  it just keeps them out of public sight . 
   i havent heard about the conditions in those places in australia . 
  of course they should be on decent level and i support facilities like this serving for temporary place of stay prvided that people there will be granted good conditions . 
  https://www.amnesty.org/en/latest/news/2016/08/nauru-australias-shame-and-a-warning-for-europe/ http://www.aljazeera.com/programmes/talktojazeera/inthefield/2016/09/nauru-australia-guantamo-bay-160909075644783.html https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/aug/10/a-short-history-of-nauru-australias-dumping-ground-for-refugees  you know that calling something populistic doesnt make it populistic ? 
  this is an irrelevant term which brings nothing to the dicussion . 
  this is worse than populism . 
  it 's demagogy . 
  good things can come out of populism but nothing out of demagogy . 
  you are just demonizing people in search of a better life, 
  2004 expansion was the worst thing that could happen to the eu . 
  we should have never let romania , bulgaria ( for other reasons ) , poland and hungary in . 
  other countries maybe but those two never, 
  this means that your countrymen are just not willing to have a relationship of solidarity with other eu countries . 
  when this same solidarity between eu members goes missing , the whole point of being part of the eu becomes moot . 
  western european countries have hosted thousands of eastern european immigrants since before and after 2004 ( whether they have been a resource or not is debatable ) and have helped your countries ' economies with subsidies but when western european members ask for solidarity from their eastern neighbours , they go missing . 
  if you keep having this behaviour , then i would love for you to go out of the eu and never come back, 
  turkish people do n't want it either ( they seem quite similar to eastern europeans when it comes to that ) . 
  erdogan would n't have a problem with it but it loses him support . 
  he had gone down to almost below 40 % at one point just because of his deal with the eu ( and pkk-turkey peace deal ) and that 's despite all the medias who support him . 
  he recovered only when the pkk-turkey peace deal ended and pkk started resuming attacks . 
  the australian solution is a populistic solution . 
  first of all , australia has an agreement with indonesia to which it tows immigrants back . 
  eu does n't have an agreement with anyone and it would be costly to make one . 
  the amount of refugees coming to australia has always been much lower than the amount coming to the eu . 
  australia has set up camps , in more than third worldish conditions , in countries throughout the pacific with which it has an agreement . 
  these camps are owned by private companies which thrives off of these business and rarely give the people living in these countries adequate conditions . 
  only a little amount of them are actually refugees . 
  most of them just do what the subsaharian workers do elsewhere : being paid ( very poorly ) under the table to work long hours in the fields, 
  you are naive about economics . 
  remittances ca n't be the only thing to drive a place 's economy . 
  they can help but if the system inside a country is broken , then this country wo n't develop . 
   you cant just accept everyone without a backgroud check , let them into borderless eu and expect solidarity . 
  that 's what we 'll do until the eu countries start caring about the people coming to our shores and try to work out a level header solution without descending into populism of sorts, 
   ** first of all there are countries culturally more similar to them , like lebanon , i fully support paying f.e. 
  lebanon or other country enough money to host them . 
  ** purchasing power is way lower there than in europe we can help more people with lower costs . 
  this shows your ignorance about geopolitics lebanon is a country of 6 million people in a territory roughly half the size of sicily . 
  that averages out at 560 people per square kilometer . 
  if there is one country where there 's a precarious balance where hundreds more refugees could mess the situation , it 's lebanon . 
  the syrian conflict has almost spilled over to lebanon several times . 
  the only reason lebanon has n't gone the way of syria is hezbollah also , once again , the people of lebanon would have to agree with it because the country is a democracy and i do n't think many would actually agree . 
  exactly . 
  this is the problem centrists and left wing people have with how you are handling the situation . 
  all of your politicians are exploiting the issue for cheap votes and demonizing these people , whether they have a right or not to be refugees and whether they are going to integrate or not . 
  aside from that , polish and hungarians , especially the former , have been immigrating to other eu countries for years ( even before 2004 ) and you have n't heard a peep from us ( with the exception of the uk ) despite many of them being economical immigrants . 
  i think you should just take them if you are pretty sure they would leave anyway . 
  the ones who would stay are the ones who probably would want to stay in poland and make an effort to integrate . 
  it 's kinda a natural process  according to this thread ` refugees ' that ` denied asylum seekers and illegal immigrants even get basic welfare which is about 400e per month . ', 
  where is this ( aside from finland and it could be just made up given that he has n't provided a source ) ? 
  here , mayors get $ 500 a month for every refugee the city council hosts within its territory . 
  this $ 500 does n't go exclusively to provide services to the refugee ( although it does for the most part ) though but to citizens as well . 
  at least , that 's how the system works here in italy, 
  honestly , i am tired of poland and hungary bitching about this issue when these refugees would mostly escape to somewhere else where living standards are better . 
  their leaders are just doing it to get easy votes but if they kept quiet about it and accepted this solution , the problem would just go away ... ... ... ... 
  i get it . 
  it still does n't convince me as a solution, 
  because another party , italian left , is probably closer to my ideas and because of m5s ' stance on euro ( it 's improved a lot though ) and overall populism . 
  how can i trust a populistic party who 's run by a company after 20 years of berlusconi ? 
  chp is by far the most respectable party you can not admit that akp infiltrated the deep state through hizmet , supported islamist groups in turkey and now syria ( the ones in the latter are cooperating with terrorists like ypg ) and bilal erdogan trading with is . 
  grey wolves almost made a coup in 1994 in azerbaijan and have been a source of terrorism for a long time . 
  i beg to disagree . 
  lega nord is the same old thing , they supported 20 years of berlusconi for christ 's stake , most of them would love to be in a coalition with parisi . 
  salvini is the exception , he 's different from the rest of them ( i do n't know whether that 's a good thing ) . 
  i beg to disagree on euro being a bad thing as well . 
  the difference between si and lega or m5s ( although they have loosened up their position before the brexit referendum ) is that the former sees exit from euro as a last resort which everyone in the eu should have to agree on and who wants to change the eu from within while the latter have much more vague stances and positions, 
  i know . 
  with there i referred to baden wurttemberg, 
  i would love navalny to be president but after putin , even medvedev would be a godsend . 
  si and m5s do and they often move together in parliament and local administrations but lega as a whole does n't . 
  salvini does but the rest of the party does n't play ball . 
  they distance themselves from him simply because they are day and night difference . 
  maroni , calderoli and the old guard are one thing and salvini is another . 
  the former is center right and the letter is nationalconservativism mixed in with economically left wing populism . 
  by the way , i know a fair few si ( i am myself one ) and m5s voters and they would never dare ally with lega, 
  yeah , sure . 
  everyone supporting self determination of kurds should get sent to death . 
  the more i listen to you nationalistic turkish people , the more i become symphatetic of kurdish nationalism and apoism . 
  i used to despise any terroristic group but i can understand wy kurdish people have to resort to it given that turkish parties and people do n't want to come to a compromise . 
  what would you do if turkey was a part of greece , would n't you want it to be its own country ? 
  this is just a deletory move . 
  students wanting to study in germany wo n't go to baden wurttemberg anymore and will choose other universities instead . 
  to what good is this if there used to be foreign 100 students who put each $ 6000 into economy and now there will be only 50 who put each $ 7500 into economy ? 
   also i believe many people are fed up with pd , but there 's not a viable right wing alternative so far . 
  lega is liberal . 
  the advocate for flat tax every single month , they still advocate for cuts , ecc . 
  they are the party they used to be when it comes to economy , they have just changed rhetoric to nationalism and ( supposed ) anti globalism . 
  they are an italian version of ukip at the end . 
   you know why they are not voting for them ? 
  it 's because they are not really organised yet , if they meticulously prepare a political program with a credible national candidate they will get a lot of votes .
