  nationalization works only when done partially ( like in germany 's or or temporarily to heal back a struggling company . 
  what countries which rely on small and middle sized factories ( like the uk seems to nowadays that most larger industries have fled ) must aim at is increased incentives to kickstart innovation or cooperativization depending on the field . 
  intervention works when it 's done well . 
  without government intervention , you would n't have a national healthcare system which the working class can access to , you would n't have an equal education as the ones who earn more would have easier access to better schools , ecc . 
  government intervention is mostly a good thing, 
  well , the market does n't work well without regulations and limitations . 
  the great depression and the various crisis have shown us that thing . 
  that said , a hard brexit only benefits the ones who want full on capitalism as britain will be forced to relax regulations and tax rates further to retain london 's role in the financial world, 
  putin started promisingly ( referring to his first term ) and then had to turn russia into this :( anyway , aside from yabloko and a just russia , every other party , left or right is nationalist . 
  i 'm surprised by how nationalist the country is . 
  the usa just exploited the overthrow for its own gain but it would have happened with or without the usa . 
  to be fair , the same shit would never fly in western europe . 
  people are n't as blindly against the usa or russia here . 
  in fact , if they could , many would choose a third position somewhere in between . 
  it 's just that there 's no chance of that at the moment , you are either with the former or with the latter, 
  of course isis somehow made it to eastern ukraine, 
  to be , it was the pro russian rebels who did . 
  it 's still sad to see only 4 % of people acknowledge that but then again it seems that young people are more well informed . 
  oh , not this again !, 
  but then again , it might be only to gain votes amongst nationalists in domestic politics , especially since they probably usually mostly abstain as spain does n't have a clearly nationalist party aside from 0 % ones, 
  i do n't think it will be lower than it used to be but i think it will still be more expensive than the euro . 
   but was anyone talking about how bad our currency was doing 31 year ago , 6 months ago ? 
  no , because it did n't have a devastating impact . 
  was n't the miners strike and the last series of large organized strikes throughout the country in 1985 ? 
  that might have caused the pound to go down , back then, 
   what the tories say , and what they do , are generally two entirely different things . 
   actually , you can replace tories with almost any political party in the uk and it 's still true . 
  it seems to me that each of may 's ministers does different things . 
  may wants a soft brexit but davies , hammond , ecc . 
  seem to hint at a hard brexit, 
   oh , i do n't know , i 'm so disgusted by the italian politics of the last 40 years that i just want to start a war we can not win and be conquered by germany . 
  at least things will get a bit more efficient . 
  german politics are n't different . 
  it 's like wanting to have a pd-fi coalition for all of our lifetimes . 
  he 's kinda being ousted from a few factions of his own party and by beppe grillo because he has n't handled the situation in rome well at all . 
  he earned support from moderate voters but even despite that part of the movement were against him because he was politicizing what was born as a movement against politics . 
  i know many 40 and over that would vote for him if he did n't shout as much . 
  come to think about it , m5s went clearly above 20 % only due to di maio and his moderateness, 
  so , i am officially a mexican citizen now . 
  what i would do is trying to fit either tabasco , chiapas or yucatan in between sicily and sardinia or between the sicily and greece, 
  it could be that , too . 
  has anything new about him made the news ? 
  kind of , although he 's more extreme in his rhetoric . 
  it can be said it 's unclear what his position on the political spectrum is , although i would say he 's left leaning, 
  not really . 
  there are several degrees of integration . 
  i guess he was n't fully integrated and his growing unhappiness with belgian society pushed him from the military 's ranks slowly into radicalist territory . 
   nowadays , an islamic extremist act seems like a thing to do for muslim people if they feel deeply unhappy about their lives or have psychological issues , quite similar to how american spree shootings work if they do it or even consider doing it , it equals becoming radicalized . 
  i agree with the gist of your comment though . 
  it is more like that a unhappiness about their lives or psycholigical issues pushes them into radical 's hands, 
  well , i did n't know , i made the judgement based on his age ( i thought he had been in the military because of leave at first ) . 
  if anything , this goes to show even more that he became radicalized only recently, 
  what about social democrats . 
  they do n't fig what you jabs said for the most part ? 
  that said i think it is something that does n't depend on your political ideas . 
  the ones who make easy slogans about difficult problems . 
  they can have any political colour but usually have authoritarian tendencies and would say anything as long as it gains them votes . 
  berlusconi , a liberal conservative , would fi the definition even despite not being extreme, 
  i guess he was n't a fundamentalist decades ago when he served in the army . 
  usually , there 's always something which pushes people to any kind of extremism especially when it is as proselytising as salafism . 
  weak people are an easier target, 
  but ... we do n't have 5k people coming everyday . 
  it is more like 5k a week usually . 
  by the way i would like another long zip line going all the way into the alps you germany . 
  we should send only the ones without a degree, 
  he even served in the military and is apparently belgian born, 
  let 's look at the positives such the prevention of another death and the quicker reaction of belgian police . 
  it also helped for once that the man was scheduled and known to authorities, 
  not illegal because the eu and the italian government agree to it . 
  italy humanitarian stance has n't changed and i doubt it will change in the coming years, 
  i have said several times now that the southern borders ( mediterranean route ) will be a longer term problem than the south eastern ones ( balkan route ), 
  we will make a zipline and make italy pay for it . 
  kind of but there have been long periods in between where the french border was open , at least in ventimiglia , and even then there are so many roads to cross into france . 
  the same actually goes with austria although they have been stricter, 
  the intervention has officially ended in 2011 when gaddafi ended and is now small scale and only at the request of the recognised libyan government, 
  i know yours is sarcasm bit a bridge is impossible given how far the two coasts are and how deep the water goes, 
  not really . 
  the flux just comes in spurs and is stronger in summer-early autumn because o favourable sea conditions . 
  the smugglers usually prepare trips once in a week or every ten days . 
  fair enough . 
  i was talking about a few countries and attacking it because of it being a generalization, 
  i know . 
  a break up was inevitable . 
  you should not tell that to me but to the economist, 
  never said i supported . 
  i am just writing what the article implies, 
  in rome it had just worsened things , created sprawling suburbs and made public transport a mess so i would not advice you on that, 
  it 's a matter of ideology for them and you know what effect ideology can have on people , be it from the far right or the far left, 
  just like the french ones who go to ventimiglia, 
  was n't thessaloniki the largest greek city for pretty much the whole middle ages and up until early 20th century ? 
   juste a question , how much did the ratio between roma and other major italian cities changes ? 
  second largest city in italy was capua which at most reached roughly 100k inhabitants during the late 1st century a.c. 
  the low was 30k around 1050 which was the same size rome had roughly 1350 years before, 
  except when it comes to food, 
  he did run for prime minister after being rome 's mayor . 
  he did n't survive the electoral campaign and the opposition from inside the pd but he did survive to rome . 
  he writes on l'unit\u00e0 now so at the expense of the party and of taxpayers . 
  he also awards nobel peace prizes alongside gorbachov since 2014 and is in the board of unicef italy . 
  it is a good moment to buy popcorn machines all over europe, 
  thanks .
