  maybe their electors may not be socially liberal but the heads of the party and members are pretty left wing on any account . 
   mhp is the second most secular party in the parliament right after chp . 
  the reasons i 'm not convinced of mhp is that they had the chance to govern and just refused it for no apparent reason other than not wanting to work with hdp, 
  thanks for the answer . 
  good to hear from a polish left winger once in a while . 
  i have one last question for you : what caused sld 's popularity to plunge so deeply in the last decade ? 
  i mean , they used to be the largest or second largest party but then they just slowly disappeared, 
  * southern italy can into greece . 
  knowing salvini ( lega 's the second party in the north as a whole i think ) , he will decide to build a wall and make us pay for it . 
  [ kind of ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gianroberto_casaleggio ) . 
  if you can read italian , [ this is a good sum of how things work behind the scenes ] ( http://www.ilfoglio.it/gli-inserti-del-foglio/2016/02/20/m5s-affaire-casaleggio___1-v-138530-rubriche_c131.htm ) it 's a web company called casaleggio associati whose main owner is also the owner of the party and of the blog where direct `` democracy '' happens, 
   chp is an ideology-based party but anti-akp type ideology-based party , so liberals do n't want kemalists leader , social democrats do n't want liberal leader etc. 
  so basically a catch all . 
  do n't most liberals vote for erdo by the way ? 
  i hope they can find a social democrat kemalist ( maybe someone along the lines of ecevit ), 
  it always ends this way . 
  the problem with the left is not buttfucking their voters but agreeing on something . 
  they would rather have 10 parties at 1 % than one at 8-10 % . 
  it seems that they are finally merging . 
  also , the left could have some 20 % of votes but the freaking five star movement has taken at least some 10 % of likely votes with their vaguely populist left leaning platform ( they are buttfucking many people ), 
  it could be worse , a few parties like the northern league are openly pro russian when it comes to foreign policy . 
  luckily they have some 10 % of votes . 
  it 's funny by the way because italy is the most friendly western european country towards the usa ( in the obama admin . ), 
  but i think the friendliest towards russia ( much much lower rate and it used to be quite a bit higher before ukraine ) as well, 
   tldr : we generally throw our lot with some new party and that either fails to enter parliament , or it enters and betrays all of its promises . 
  it 's becoming like that in italy too ever since our left wing party has gone full on centrist following the model of blairism : /, 
   became controlled opposition after bah\u00e7eli purged all his opponents with the government 's help i realized that but wanted a turkish to confirm  decided not to be turkey 's party and turned back to classic kurdish party rhetoric . 
  i doubt they can make it into the parliament in the next election . 
  i used to be hopeful about them . 
  it 's a shame they never became anything more than another kurdish party . 
  they probably defended pkk excessively and got caught between a rock and a hard place after the ceasefire between gov. 
  and pkk ended  ultimate clusterfuck between party voterbase and party itself . 
  the leader , k\u0131l\u0131\u00e7daro\u011flu , is persona non grata for being useless against akp but he also silences his opponents , although not as hard as mhp . 
  still has a chance for leadership to change , many alternative figures are being talked about . 
  why this clusterfuck ? 
  i hope they find a solution and elect a capable leader that can take on erdogan . 
  well , he 's a self proclaimed `` socialist '' . 
  that 's all . 
  you are right though, 
  indeed , old socialdemocratic parties are just social liberal parties nowadays and have never recovered from the 90s and early 00s . 
  the ones who trying to take them back to what they were or funding alternative parties are attacked like there 's no tomorrow for some reason ( corbyn , podemos , ecc . ), 
  funnily enough , in italy all parties support lifting sanctions to russia . 
  even the current government does but they are the most pro eu one and do n't want to try to undermine eu unity taking too much of a strong stance about it, 
  yeah , you are prolly right but it sounds a bit fishy to me and i say that as someone who wanted bernie to win as well . 
  i ca n't stand economical liberalism but i do n't like social conservativeness either . 
  what do people that have the same ideas as me ( socialdemocratic and social liberal ) vote ? 
  are there even any ? 
   he exposed george bush big time and ** did leak info about putin a few years ago . 
  ** i would n't call him an agent of any other country . 
  its also convenient that he speaks english so he can understand what is being leaked to him from the us . 
  things have changed since then . 
  in the last year and a half he cared almost exclusively about one country and one person only . 
  this whole sweden-immigration things is overplayed for some reason, 
  i know but them passing 5 % and showing that good things can come from teh left would be a good sign already . 
  i do n't believe 95 % of polish are necessarily right wing . 
  there has to be a decent support for state involvement in economy at the very least, 
  the us already kinda tried with gulen ( they just okeyed the whole move , they were n't instrumental to it though ) and will get even more involved ( with kemalists next maybe ) if erdogan keeps going this way, 
  look at eu countries at an example then or at what turkey used to be in the early 00s at least . 
  you were hailed as an example to the muslim world back then and now here you are being the villain, 
  i knew about the 1999 thing but not about these ones :(, 
  i used to hear more in the past but i have rarely heard someone outside of church 's circles whine about halloween . 
  even then , church 's favourite target has moved to lgbt people and other things, 
  we do n't have that, 
  he said it ages ago but even since then , we have n't heard a peep from him . 
  he 's a nationalconservative just like putin . 
  i just do n't understand why chp , hdp and mhp are n't so vocal . 
  it may be we never hear about them in western medias but they should do something before it 's too late even if it involves a coup or something similar . 
  i fear they blew the chance after the last elections though . 
  nah , erdogan is pretty putin like . 
  he wants to be putin and not having to worry about holding free and fair democratic elections anymore . 
  he wants absolute control on the country while still making it look like a democracy in fact , turkey and russia are starting to look more and more alike politically . 
  turkey does still have two decent democratic parties in chp and hdp though ( i have doubts on mhp personally ), 
  nah , i 'm okay with it if sardinia is southern italy . 
  we should give away saudi calabria and sicily though, 
  they have n't got the memo ( maybe there is no phone signal there ) . 
  1989 and 1991 both happened, 
  i understand why most poles , slovakians , ecc . 
  are against the left then if it wants their countries to be russia 's lapdogs . 
  why is that , though ? 
  putin and his government are pretty right wing . 
  in western europe , it 's the right and far right which generally idolizes putin . 
   cant think of any exception . 
  what about polish razem and hungary 's left wing ? 
  we , in the south , would be doomed then :( hi , greece !, 
  the best option is for western moldova to make a union with romania and for transnistria to become the russian puppet state it wants to be, 
  it 's sad that the left wing candidate which i would usually be rooting for happens to be so staunchly pro russian so i hope the right can win for once, 
  this must be either sicily or sardinia but i 'm not sure . 
  op , where is it ? 
  it has the vibe of somewhere between palermo and trapani or on the sardinian west coast . 
  i do n't know why though, 
  i do n't understand what you are trying to say . 
  anyway , the uno vale uno talk is incompatible with their structure , with grillo recently saying he 's the leader , with him owning the logo of the movement and with the casaleggio associati owning the movement itself . 
  in some ways , m5s is a company 's party just like forza italia is, 
  is it worth him if it means keeping shout about countries who are much more rotten than the western democracies he keeps attacking . 
  he 's become a tool of china , russia and each single populist western party, 
  it has more to do with how he tries to portray himself than his political ideas . 
  most people got that but you seem not to want to understand, 
  i have never said that russia has anything to do with the emails but at the same time i am pretty sure that he purposely avoids hitting countries like china , russia , ecc . 
  because of the politicial support ( and probably something else ) they gave him, 
  he wo n't be elected but we elected an anti-vaxxer and a chemtrails believer thanks to him .
