  look at costa rica . 
  we need european military deals for this reason , countries like sweden , netherlands , ecc . 
  wo n't be able to sustain the defense of their country by themselves and that 's why we need european countries to unite in a single military union . 
  a country can not exist without borders so you are right on that but it can exist without protected borders as is the case for eu countries with schengen, 
  my point still stands , you are getting fixated over a technicality by the way , where did i say the uk was the only one ? 
   force the migrants to move somewhere they do n't want to be i they have close relatives , then i understand , but if they starting from scratch . 
  it wo n't matter much to them , of course some countries offer more chances or benefits to get started but someone who escapes difficult political or economical situations should tolerate being in hungary , latvia , ecc . 
  not really . 
  enough people want more than a trade federation ( i.e. 
  a single market ) . 
  what rules does italy break ? 
  spain and france break deficit rules and germany surplus rules but do we really break any rule ? 
  do n't think so at the moment, 
  the uk was the catalyst behind that bloc . 
  no country went out of its way as constantly as the uk to keep the eu a single market . 
  even , the visegrad 4 has shown signs of wanting more integration on some matters but the uk kept refusing every refusal and making outlandish proposals to make the eu more and more of a large single market ( like accepting turkey in ) . 
  the only british governments that believed in the eu were blair 's and brown 's, 
  how ? 
  there are other countries that joined the uk but it can not be denied that the core of western european countries wants and has especially wanted in the past a higher degree of integration . 
  the uk has always acted as a spoiler . 
  they did nail some things but they were n't imaginative enough when it came to clothes . 
  i wonder how we would look at these same kind of paintings that are being produced now ( woth 2100 in mind ) 100 years from now, 
  so you think people will abstain ? 
  i 'm not sure they will because there are enough options to vote for . 
  yep ( and it has had mild success ) and thanks for the downvote , 
  emanuele filiberto of savoy . 
  he can play at any reality show , pretend to be italian when he 's lived most of its life outside of italy , [ sing patriottic \\ ( cringy \\ ) songs ] ( https://www.google.it/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;ved=0ahukewjf5kevkbtpahud2rokhxsucwgqyckihzaa&amp;url=https%3a%2f%2fwww.youtube.com%2fwatch%3fv%3doiill79mu7q&amp;usg=afqjcnfwl1teeji7e1xr2m7tegirwszpwa&amp;bvm=bv.134052249,d.bgs ) , ecc . 
  plus the flag of italy when it used to be a kingdom was quite similar to the mexican one, 
   i believe the uk is/was one of the better members for following eu law . 
  in what way was the uk a bad member ? 
  by blocking it to become anything more than a single market which it was n't intended to be, 
  how ? 
  they wo n't gain much in the way of votes from psoe . 
  i think c 's and podemos will be the winners, 
  there 's a chance podemos may actually overtake psoe now and that they may be able to get a 23-25 % next election . 
  i wonder if that would be enough to form a new government though especially given that it is either c 's or catalan/basque/ecc . 
  nationalists, 
   we have the same conflict here in germany ( where the spd is controlled by centrist seeheimer kreis ) . 
  its also going on in the uk , where the blairites lost the fight in the labour party apparently . 
  we have it in italy too . 
  the pd is controlled by centrists at the moment but socialdemocrats are regrouping and waiting for renzi to stumble . 
  they already said they will vote against his constitutional referendum . 
  i think that the likes of blair , renzi , ecc . 
  should just form their social liberal parties . 
  there 's no need to hijack a party that is and has always been clearly left wing ( at least with the pd it was the merger of centrists and left wing , a bit like if podemos and ciudadanos merged ), 
  it was a joke , a bad one , that hinted that most of you speak english anyway . 
  can we fit them between sicily and sardinia ? 
  right in the - mediterranean so they get some tanning, 
  much better, 
  i do n't want that cold weather we would get in summer . 
  mexico would become our canada with the exception that we would n't have a florida to escape to during the winter ( maybe the canaries ) . 
  it is a democratic system . 
  each of the 28 members of the commission is chosen by the 28 governments people have voted in . 
  it 's much more democratic than not electing ( not even indirectly ) your head of state or your upper chamber . 
  should n't we hold a census when we get to 1 million subscribers ? 
  it would be an interesting one, 
  the first ranked for number of subscribers out of the non english speaking countries  _ _ _ r/italy may break 60k within a week, 
  is n't there some kind of embargo already ? 
   legal system , tax system , stable political system , english language , timezone , high concentration of professional services , cultural amenities , respected regulators and so forth . 
  of course but my point is that what i said is an important point for these companies . 
  having access to a 300 million large market ( if not larger ) makes things easier to them than having access to a 60 million large market . 
  i know all the advantages london has but a decent number of companies may still make the switch to dublin given that it has many of the same conditions that make london what it is today . 
   the eu thinks of london as being the eu financial capital . 
  it is n't . 
  it is a global financial centre . 
  finance is not european , it is global . 
  french banks do n't just lend in the eu , they lend globally . 
  german companies do n't just borrow from the eu , they borrow globally . 
  to access global finance , they use a global financial centre . 
  which one are they going to use if they stop using london ? 
  london is so attractive because of the easy access to the european financial market . 
  so leave already . 
  anyway , a separate trade deal could be a good solution but it should still come at the conditions of the eu given that it would hold a large leverage over britain given that british economy is still quite dependent on the existence of freedom of movement for goods , services, 
  honestly , i could understand complaints about immigration and its economical effects which is what bothered working class people into voting for brexit ( a good part of it was xenophobia though ) but sovereignty . 
  seeing people talking about britain gaining independence again was the maddest thing i have ever heard in a while , as if most of what is wrong in britain is not to blame on its own politicians ... ... ... ... ... . . 
  most welsh people are transplants from england , 
  where is it ? 
  anyway , most eu countries teach english seriously because they know how valuable the language is in the modern world . 
   it 's really a shame actually but after so many years of english being forced on the country as the dominant language not much can be done now . 
  maybe teaching it as a second language, 
   will the eu army have mandatory english lessons ? 
  i think they should . 
  the language will still be part of the eu through ireland, 
  he did alright ( even though he did n't succeed in his bluff ) . 
  tsipras on the other hand ... ... ... ... 
  completely different situation . 
  in north korea there was no sign things were about to change , in iran there seems to be a glimmer of hope, 
  oh , that 's for sure , but they already wanted to be british a century ago :p, 
  so when is brexit coming ? 
  well , he did it by virtue of opposing anything the nationalits did, 
  imagine him speaking of immigration with that surname, 
  a sect of islam and not islam as a whole, 
  getting closer to iran is a good thing . 
  it would give us leverage against saudi arabia and force them to change their ways over the threat of a change of foreign policy . 
  the eu and the usa as a whole must follow, 
  this is why parties like jobbik and golden dawn are a threat to our democracis . 
  they reek of ultra nationalism and fascism and terrorism will be a consequence of their rise, 
  sounds a good pragmatic politician, 
  we have one medium sized left wing party ( sinistra italiana ) , a large center left one ( pd ) , a medium sized coalition of centrist parties ( udc , ncd , ala ) , a large coalition of center right and right wing parties ranging from liberalism to right wing populism and national conservativism ( the range of opinions is why this coalition looks frail at the moment ) and a large party that does n't want to be either left or right ( although i would describe them as left wing populists ), 
  the war between the west and libya ended when gaddafi was overthrown .
