  they have instead improved struggling businesses post 1989 and expanded them improving poland 's economy . 
  this is completely different from how chinese companies act . 
  whether i support what western companies have done is another matter, 
  romanians , bulgarians , albanians are some of the workers i spoke about and they sure as hell are not `` refugees '' . 
  you are right that these people suffer being so far away from home and family while being almost forced to enslave themselves and living in rough conditions but this has little to do with merkel and friends . 
  this is to blame on the locals who enjoy the increased profits as much as it is to blame on globalists . 
  if locals , owners and various caporali ( sometimes italians , sometimes foreigners ) alike did n't favour this , it would have ended years ago already . 
  locals do n't say a peep about this because they profit from these people . 
  it 's just natural to them . 
  which month will you come ? 
  sicily is brilliant as well . 
  i think apulia is better if you want a mix of fun ( the monopoli-ostuni area , lecce and the southern jonian coast have some of the best entertainments of italy in summer ) , beaches ( our beaches are generally kept in better shape ) and culture but that sicily probably blows apulia out of water when it comes to culture and culture only . 
  and i say that as an apulian . 
  the difference is that we are much more prepared to deal with tourists here . 
  not all italian tomatoes are harvested like this but i could n't tell you if all tomato companies are responsible of this . 
  i live in one of the largest tomato production area and i know pretty much any farmer is responsible of caporalato and that these farmers sell much of their produce to these companies or work under the banner of these companies . 
  we 've seen that in far too many places now . 
  first , the textile in prato , then furnitures in matera , they slowly took over entire industrial districts and then they are able to beat italian shops with their cheaply produced stuff . 
  i am much more worried about them than i am about `` refugees '', 
  a car is really useful for apulia . 
  only central apulia is well served by public transport but the rest is very hit and miss, 
  i do n't know how long you will be here but i think it takes roughly two weeks to visit all of apulia . 
  you should break your stay in three pieces : the north ( stay in vieste , rodi or peschici ) , the center ( stay somewhere in itria valley or bari ) and the south, 
  romania is taking step after step to become such a country . 
  moldova is not . 
  when i walk to uni , i pass in front of [ this ] ( http://www.russianserviceinapulia.com/it/wp-content/uploads/2010/01/chiesa_russa.jpg ) beauty everyday, 
  oh , san francisco has got that classical mediterranean landscape so i understand . 
  i love looking at those rolling hills and how they change from spring to summer . 
  the region is packed in august but aside from that month where all italians take vacations , more touristy places should be full only on june/july/september weekends or holidays as locals make daytrips . 
  depends on the place . 
  if you go to gargano , itria valley or coastal salento , they should know a good amount of english and german ( because most foreign tourists to apulia are germans ) . 
  elsewhere , it 's better if you know a few phrases of italian the region is quite friendly overall . 
  it really depends . 
  salentini are some of the friendliest people in italy . 
  baresi tend more to keep to themselves . 
  but that 's just my experience ... ... 
  but we , we used to be !, 
  of course , chechnya has always been a hotbed of fundamentalism but it 's never been as strong as it was in the 1998-late 00s period . 
  liga venete is autonomist and not independentist . 
  as of late , they just reverted to being a mainstream right wing party after the slow collapse of forza italia . 
  they do n't even call for federalism anymore, 
  which state do you live in ? 
  that landscape is a classic if you ever take the canosa-napoli highway . 
  the sannio , irpinia and daunian hills are choke full of lovely hilltop towns without any kind of tourism and all have that kind of landscape . 
  you ca n't compare french subdialects to a country as diverse as italy , from the albanian dialects spoken by 600 years old communities in basilicata 's and calabria 's mountains , to the french patois spoken in vallee d'aoste , to sardinian which is another language altogether , to the slovenian dialects spoken in far eastern friuli , ecc . 
  it 's really not the same _ _ _ point is , we are proud of our diversity . 
  you just simply destroyed it . 
  look at italy . 
  every town and region speaks a different dialect with both vallee d'aoste and sudtirol speaking another language altogether , and there are barely any separatist movements . 
  nowadays , we only have a few sardinian parties amounting to 15-20 % of support and most of which do n't even want independence anymore, 
  yeah because france has never cared about preserving local dialects and culture with their policy of total assimilation and centralization . 
  i 'll make a thread on it sooner or later . 
  when i have enough time to research photos , videos , ecc . 
  other rebels know that nusra are pretty much instrumental to their success and this would have been a suicide move on their part . 
  russia rightfully tried to expose that these rebels ( even the more moderate ones ) are actually not moderate but the western medias and governments barely cared which made russia 's efforts void, 
  this is definitely more of ( if not exclusively ) a southern italy problem . 
  they finally made a law about it recently ( few months ago ) but its effects are yet to be seen . 
  yup . 
  i should have made it regardless . 
  it seems to work . 
  you probably have that one pope saving your ass every single time, 
  it 's difficult to explain . 
  it 's not outright slavery but it 's a system called caporalato that 's practised throughout the south but especially in apulia and irpinia areas . 
  the owner basically hires a caporale , a recruiter of day labourers . 
  this caporale offers whoever is struggling to make ends meet a work . 
  however , he has leverage on these people which allows him to pay them under the table , to pay them an extremely low wage and make them work for very long hours . 
  until the 70s and early 80s , caporalato mostly involved italians . 
  then , there had been a pause of 10 years where the problem had gotten much weaker but with the arrival of foreigners ( mostly seasonal workers ) , it 's became a plague and worse than ever . 
  these workers come for the grain/tomato/grape / olives season ( june to october ) and are basically forced to live in ghettoes far away from anything and hidden from public view from where they make the trip to nearby farm fields or where there are all kinds of `` entertainments '' avalaible . 
  the problem is that the conditions in these ghettoes are horrible : they are made up of cardboard , have unhealthy conditions , are overcrowded , have all kind of shady dealings going on with the entertainments avalaible being drugs and prostitution , ecc . 
  unions are trying to stop this but the local population seems not to care for the most part and thrives off of their own work . 
  it 's very similar to the situation depicted by steinbeck in his `` grapes of wrath '' . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.repstatic.it/content/localirep/img/rep-bari/2016/07/30/155442651-21dd2b2a-ef4a-4302-a0c9-639cab72f799.jpg ) is somewhere in apulia 's northern countryside and not in africa . 
  i wanted to make a joke about v4 but then i looked at poland ... ... 
  then , they should know about italian tomatoes ... ... ... ... . 
  piemonte was done already and it was beautiful ( i know it very well because i have got relatives there and i go at least once a year ever since i was 6 ) . 
  looking forward to liguria . 
  a region i 'm familiar with is basilicata , maybe when time will come much later on , i can help you there too ( especially with north and eastern part of the region ) . 
  i was thinking of crossposting this to r/travel . 
  what do you think ? 
  what 's your region ? 
  i 'm definitely looking forward to when you make your region . 
  trullis have been built for centuries . 
  most of the older ones are from the xix century but new ones are getting built against as they are slowly becoming fashionable vacation homes . 
  they were n't expensive but they have certainly became costly as of late ( with as of late , i mean ever since the tourism boom of mid to late 00s ) . 
  i think it 's cheaper to build one from scratch than to purchase one nowadays . 
  they are a unesco world heritage site . 
  those cone houses can be found all over the valle d'itria countryside plus in the town of alberobello . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trullo ) a wiki article about them . 
   out of curiosity , what is the price range for houses near the ocean ? 
  in , say , bari or a small town . 
  i share a 75 square meters house in a semi central neighbourhood of bari ( 10-15 minutes walk from city center , served by public transport pretty well and with all commodities in the space of 200 meters ) for $ 150 . 
  either way , you find decent houses to rent on your own from $ 270-300 both in bari and surroundings . 
  if you share , prices roughly start from $ 130-150, 
  i worded it pretty badly ... ... ... . . there was internal opposition to a few governments which required a few adjustments but nothing major . 
  either way , giving each country 's parliament and government the chance to have a say over a fta is a must even if it slows down things, 
  thanks for the answer, 
  that 's exactly what we should do . 
  chinese companies have already slowly overtaken a few italian , german , french , ecc . 
  excellences and it 's never gone well .
