  especially when looking at the coast around stockholm . 
  that said , it 's just as messy around turku, 
  good on turkey but why was it allowed only in 19 provinces ? 
  is it because only these provinces have agreed to it or only to kickstart the project ? 
  what history ? 
  talibans were islamists and completely halted drug trade in afghanistan despite it being a large sector of economy, 
  choosing between not doing it ( it seems a good choice to me ) and making it illegal is a damn big difference, 
  +1 this serves a purpose . 
  on the flipside , it gives is legitimacy, 
  why should the anthem be sang in classrooms . 
  i have frequented italian schools for 13 years and i have never heard anyone sing the anthem during those 13 years . 
  why 'd someone do it ? 
  it seems a clownish american thing . 
  they have a quite rugged coast and a good number of islands . 
  that said , it seems surprising to me as well , even more when we take into account sweden and finland, 
  italy is the guy with greasy hair that hits on every single girl without succeeding in his task, 
  indeed , it was better when it was nationalized . 
  regionalisation just improved the healthcare of the northern regions and made the healthcare of southern regions more inefficent . 
  for example , my region , apulia , has cut on healthcare quite heavily recently resulting in many hospitals closing several departments ( every hospital under 500 births a year has closed gynaecology for example ) . 
  that said , they have it much worse in sicily , calabria and campania . 
  those three regions drag italy a few places down any rankings, 
  so / u/zarzar123 theory just got confirmed :d, 
  italy has an average age that 's really close to germany 's and does better in most rankings, 
  it 's the same in italy . 
  most of healthcare is public but not dental for some reason and that results in people going to countries such as croatia , albania and romania for dental interventions . 
  luckily , those cuts interested only a couple of regions . 
  emilia romagna , lombardy and veneto still probably have the best healthcare in europe ( to non italians , you must know that healthcare in italy is regionalized since the early 00s ), 
  chaves ' mistakes were foreign politics , his authoritarianism which was n't warranted given the support he had and not diversifying venezuela 's economy enough, 
  in the 90s , 3 or 4 out of 10 would have been italian . 
  we had [ gigi d'agostino ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wd0mm6wicys ) , [ gabri ponte ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=noy6ggsntf0 ) ( this one is new ) , [ eiffel 65 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vj7uxkdzspq ) , ecc . 
  italodance was the bomb, 
   the 90s had gangsta rap , the 2000s had hip hop auto tuner bullshit europe never had any of the two . 
  the 90s had italodance/eurodance and 00s had house and trance music, 
   i have never been to a rave . 
  even when i was younger i never went to one . 
  i hate crowds . 
  i do n't do drugs . 
  i do n't see the point , the enjoyment , of dancing for hours to music that sounds like thumping . 
  it seems exhausting . 
  it 's not my favourite genre but i enjoy edm . 
  first of all , to enjoy or to dance to it , you do n't have to do drugs or alcohoo . 
  being on the dancefloor with friends and acquaintances as well as with hundreds more of people you do n't know and enjoying yourself gives you a certain kind of energy that i ca n't explain . 
  i prefer other genres but i myself can enjoy edm if i have to go to one of the dj sets or to a party . 
  it 's getting popular elsewhere too . 
  calvin harris , avicii , david guetta , skrillex are known all over the world , or at least all over the western world, 
   i 'm not a purist like the straight edge people , but i think the sheer energy of good edm more than compensates for any need of artificial boosts via drugs of various kinds . 
  and i say that as someone who 's very liberal on drug issues ( even if i am not a user myself ) . 
  +1 although a bit of alcohool ( not enough to get drun but enough to loosen up a bit ) helps, 
  both van buuren 's and tiesto 's music has started to go downhill a long time ago . 
  they are living off of their past productions . 
  tiesto has left the trance scene a while but van buuren still makes trance music although he 's veered towards commercial music too, 
  evacuating the houses that are closer to the summit will prove difficult because time will be short . 
  this people will have to get it done really quickly . 
  [ just look how far up the hill houses go ] ( http://www.italianosveglia.com/images/listing_photos/88584_ovesuviofacebook.jpg ) . 
  those buildings are all abusive and should n't have been there in the first place, 
  well , the hungarian king got it easy because krakow is much easier to reach from budapest and not from moscow . 
  ivan got tricked, 
  because the ones who care know that it 's a choice between a bloodthirsty secular dictator and a mass of loosely tied sectarian islamist groups who would start another long civil war between each other when the government is overthrown . 
  aside from that , without a bombardment war in aleppo would still be going on and civilians would still be involved in this war . 
  actually , the pain for them would get longer and risk spreading back to most of syria like it used to a few years ago, 
  an insurgency wo n't last long , most of the people are tired of this conflict already and assad is winning due to attrition . 
  aside from that , the syrian intelligence services are the best in the middle east after the mossad and have prevented most terrorist attacks from happening . 
  the day the war will end , syria will be effectively safe , turned into rubble but safe . 
  the easiest way to end this war is to withdraw all support to the rebels . 
  anyway , two or three years and the war will end anyway given that the rebels are crumbling in aleppo and throughout the country and that the more the time passes , the least moderate and easy to support they become . 
  the revolution was genuine but it 's been hijacked by islamists a long time ago and has stopped being a viable option years ago already . 
  the most likely solution is assad 's win in 2019 and a negotiation with the kurds for autonomy in the cizre and kobane cantons, 
  italy is very easy to spot and so would france if it was n't for the rhin basin, 
  aside from the po , no such thing as long rivers in italy, 
  a mix of the two is what we should strive for, 
  spain and italy really have good healthcare systems instead . 
  it has nothing to do with austerity but with the tendency spanish and italian healthcare professionals have to accept lower wages as well as having a relatively good administration ( though we tend to fuck things up from time to time due to too many cuts ) and medical schools . 
  once upon a time , venezuelan health care used to be one of the best if not the best in south america . 
  of course , the situation has gone for the worse in the past five years if not in the past decade . 
  the same can still be said for cuba by the way . 
  this is definitely ones of the worst and simplistic ways to assess the efficency of a healthcare system . 
  that is true for a large company but small or medium sized can not diversify as easily and can not foresee an event like this happening . 
  these companies were just fulfilling a niche demand that came from britain of all places . 
  if they had an equal demand from france or could publicize their product there , i am sure they would have taken the chance, 
  who said that ? 
  one of the reasons we did n't want brexit to happen is that a decent amount of eu companies would be as effected by this as the british ones would . 
  the main difference is that a much larger percentage of british will suffer because the eu market is larger than the british one, 
  worth a visit in summer . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.placestoseeinyourlifetime.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/castelluccio-photo-by-francesco-riccardo-iacomino.jpg ) how the plateau where the village is becomes . 
  [ this is a view from the sibillini mountains ] ( https://gruppodinterventogiuridicoweb.files.wordpress.com/2015/07/piani-di-castelluccio-14431691387_6a0c6af60e_b.jpg ), 
  it 's funny that the part of apulia that was part of magna grecia ( taranto and salento ) are there and the rest is not . 
  either way : #i welcome our new greek overlords ^ ^ ^ ^ as ^ ^ ^ ^ long ^ ^ ^ ^ as ^ ^ ^ ^ they ^ ^ ^ ^ bring ^ ^ ^ ^ feta ^ ^ ^ ^ and ^ ^ ^ ^ ouzo, 
  it was merely a consultory referendum and not a binding one . 
  you would be right in the second case and not the current one, 
  the tiella is also a great apulian dish but the best things are our snacks : mostaccioli , focaccia barese and taralli, 
  i loathe cime di rape but cime are great . 
  we should just make orecchiette e cime our regional dish or baked orecchiette with tomato and mozzarella, 
  foggia has its nice spots . 
  come to cerignola . 
  it looks like a bombed out version of foggia . 
  latina is also extremely bad looking and so are the northern suburbs of naples . 
   i am not talking about people who would defend their country . 
   i am talking about people who want to spread sharia law , who want to kill infidels . 
   those people exist !, 
  not really .
