it was n't founded as a continent but the eu was founded . 
  cus it 's a whole bunch of countries , maybe it could be argued that one of its basic premises is multilingualism . 
  it 's almost like dropping white phosphorous bombs civilians and attempting at every turn to block a people 's claim to statehood is going to cause some resentment . 
  you sound like a dickhead , if you were n't willing to submit something that was legible to everyone and up to the standards of the sub do n't do it . 
  there 's no point in doing something half arsed just cus you ca n't be bothered , is there ? 
  if you feel more at home in a country you were n't born in that 's good for you but you should n't let it cloud your view of your own nation . 
  where in london were you from ? 
  have you lived in an area with many migrants ? 
  without massive trouble ? 
  chechnya and ingushetia ? 
  maoists in india ? 
  maybe the us is the exception but come on ... 
  is it hard to believe that people resent the eu for things like stupid bureaucratic red tape and that fucking echr, 
  it gets kinda boring being told that i 'm either racist or not progressive when i 'm skeptical about britain 's place in europe . 
  a lot of people who live on the continent where there has been no natural barrier like the sea may find constant immigration easier to stomach but i think it 's a different case for britain . 
  where do you live if you do n't mind me asking mate ? 
  which european countries keep armies you consider big enough then ? 
  you do n't know much about swedish military capabilities do you ? 
  their corvettes and their fighter jets are fucking badass , they 've got great armoured vehicles too and of course the carl gustaf, 
  wrong sub to be calling things like cowardice and treachery cliche european traits mate . 
  chop the whole thing off ? 
  at the base ? 
  do italy get any money from the eu or un to pay for the rescuing of all these migrants ? 
  what 's the general populations feeling towards gibraltar ? 
  it basically is . 
  lukashenko is so deep in putins pocket it hurts . 
  are n't belarus one of the only countries in europe with the death penalty as well ? 
  we need a common defence and foreign policy for sure but while closer integration in some areas is needed , we really need to give some powers back to the national governments, 
  just like their sun, 
  fuck russia and fuck putin . 
  if ukraine and georgia have trade deals written up with russia that ` are not compatible '' and do n't let them to be involved in an eu association then the deals should be ripped up . 
  when will moscow realise that threats are n't the way to get their own way . 
  i did n't but that sounds well interesting, 
  or / r/watchpeopledie, 
  or / r/watchpeopledie, 
  how do you know . . ? 
  the london underground ran a meme campaign with a picture of a gorilla and the text said something like your mates face when he 's too drunk . 
  it did n't even make sense, 
  why do you say that ? 
  it 's not trying to surround russia , it 's attempting to create a missile defence shield to stop missiles from countries with proven missile capabilities like north korea and iran while also defending against russia and china in case of aggression . 
  why do you think nato gaining more eastern european members is an american attempt and encircling russia ? 
  i think in terms of starting wars with other nations in the past few years , maybe russia ? 
  i 'm not sure , off the top of my head the russians went into afghan , georgia and chechnya but that 's not technically another nation . 
  the americans , although they 've been in a lot of places have n't really invaded many sovereign states , iraq is one , vietnam if you 're going back for enough but even then it was allied with half the nation . 
  i think america meddles in the worlds affairs more than the russians but i would be more nervous about russia just because their massive lack of transparency , even more so than the us, 
  so you mean you 're more worried about the us ? 
  how comeb, 
  the russian military build up has been huge recently , they 've been developing new weapons , testing current icbm systems and their actions in the past couple of decades point towards a government that has expansionist hopes, 
  what 's the reason to believe they wo n't, 
  scaremongering implies that there 's no reason to be worried , russia are definitely something to be worried about, 
  best comment in the thread, 
  i had no idea the vast majority of muslims are unemployed . 
  is that a real fact ? 
  maybe it 's that they do cash in hand jobs and so do n't show up on statistics . 
  mate , i 've been to italy +25 times , i eat italian food every day , speak italian in the home , lived with an italian housemate for 3 years , worked in an italian restaurant as the * only * non-italian in the kitchen amongst other things . 
  you do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  i thought you were being serious up until your last two paragraphs . 
  are you really mentioning gallipoli ? 
  and how can you claim to be integrated when you say you 've been `` ethnically and racially raised to think of turkey as your homeland '' . 
  it makes no difference how you 've been raised , you were born in britain whether you like it or not . 
  and whether you like it or not , this is your home . 
  you may feel the need to identify as turkish and to consider turkey your homeland but you really are a textbook example of someone not integrating . 
  you do n't have to forget your ancestors or heritage but to consider somewhere you were n't born as your homeland is pretty stupid , do n't you think ? 
  why ? 
  you 're a dickhead then . 
  i 'm british born with an immigrant italian dad and even though i 've got four italian names you can bet both your bollocks i would n't be fighting for italy . 
  they are the country that hosts the holiest sites in islam . 
  how can you expect the two to not be inextricably linked ? 
  why is it american ? 
  battery farms are n't fine which is why they are illegal in britain . 
  and it 's not that an arabic word is written across the food , it is the way the animal is slaughtered . 
  it is the fact that the animal is not killed in an instantaneous and painless why via a stun gun or electrocution or whatever . 
  something like islam should not require us to suspend the standards and morals we have built up in this country . 
  we are not a country built on immigration . 
  countries like america and australia are countries built on immigration . 
  such a small number ? 
  are you joking ? 
  a country 's culture may not change as a whole straight away but the culture of certain areas starts to change . 
  areas becoming more muslim are less geared towards non-muslims . 
  when i lived in east london , the local asda had no butchers section because it had been replaced with a halal section . 
  i do n't want to eat something that has been slaughtered with having its neck cut and a prayer said to allah . 
  this is a clear example of immigrants changing the culture of a country . 
  yeah right . 
  having been to angola , this article is a bit sensational . 
  portugal : population - 10.40 million life expectancy at birth - 80 gross national income - $ 21,320 gross domestic product - $ 229.6 billion -- angola : population - 22.14 million life expectancy at birth - 52 gross national income - $ 5,300 gross domestic product - $ 131.4 billion sources for [ portugal ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/country/portugal ) and [ angola ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/country/angola ) from the world bank, 
  you really ca n't compare the amount of british people in spain to the amount of poles in britain . 
  there are around 300,000 british people registered as living in spain with about 50,000 spaniards living in britain . 
  one of the mps debating it said something along the lines of ; `` if even one old person is encouraged to kill themselves so their children or whoever can get the money from their will - then that will be a huge tragedy '' how fucked in your head do you have to be to ignore all of the people living in agony and living with full body paralysis and give more credence to a hypothetical scenario ? 
  i do n't know about germany but it 's very , very common for turks in britain to dislike kurds . 
  what is wrong with being uncomfortable with your own country turning into a foreign country in front of your eyes ? 
  why do we bend over backwards for islam constantly when it is so incompatible with some basic fundamental values most europeans hold ? 
  we really should use the militaries regardless of what the u.n says . 
  i like when frankie boyle talks about sex ed at his school ; `` sexual education at my school was nothing but a muttered warning about the school janitor '', 
  maybe 10 but 1000 is a bit much mate, 
  probably like russia 20 or 25 years ago, 
  that 's so perfect, 
  a beach without at least 6 waffle stands and some pierogi is n't a beach in my opinion . 
  we use these in england too , you have to make the best out of what you 've got i guess, 
  we have this in england too , some places like york minster have bells every hour through the night . 
  aside from others saying the british people there want to remain british , places like st helena , raf akrotikri and diego garcia are good tactical places for refuelling and rearming cus they 're placed in strategically important parts of the world,
