  in the year 2167 when the empire is great once again all of the savages will be forced to use her majesty 's imperial measurements . 
  well there 's people who live their lives by the bibles word and they 're just as fucked in the head as people who live their lives by the korans word . 
  the point is that just cus something is old does n't mean there are n't people who wo n't live by its very word . 
  lots of anglo-germanic love going on and i 'm all for it, 
  because mosques are gathering points for muslims from the local area to do many different things including but not limited to ; be taught intolerance , learn the koran and the haddith , assorted bomb making tactics, 
  i can play this game ; qur ` an ( 2:223 ) - `` your wives are as a tilth unto you ; so approach your tilth when or how ye will ... '' http://www.usc.edu/org/cmje/religious-texts/quran/verses/002-qmt.php#002.223 qur ` an ( 4:24 ) and qur ` an ( 33:50 ) - a man is permitted to take women as sex slaves outside of marriage . 
  switzerland bringing the salty heat, 
  i was about to say that sounds fair then i read it again . 
  you 'd make a great politician . 
  they 've got as much business as we do getting into their affairs , which we do . 
  they 're our allies after all . 
  if it was china and saudi arabia saying this then i would agree with you . 
  [ captain !, 
  puerto rico ca n't file for bankruptcy , they are commonwealth although some people want to change the laws, 
  i bet the butter is extra salty too, 
  fucking hell mate you really should give him some savlon after that burn, 
  so you 're assuming that every part of the british government knows what every other part is doing ? 
  that 's obviously not the case and even more so with something like espionage . 
  it does n't seem likely that the head of usaid would know what the nsa were doing, 
  ... and every other major nation in the world . 
  do you think that france does n't spy on china ? 
  or that australia does n't spy on indonesia ? 
  it 's naive to think that this kind of stuff does n't happen when the stakes are as high as they are . 
  the whole uk/usa/can / aus/nz group may be held together cus of stuff like shared language and links to britain, 
  i think external spying and internal spying are different . 
  i 'm all for lots of espionage going on when it comes to foreign countries , a bit less keen when it comes to spying on me . 
  i 've got something like that . 
  like ` positive view ' racism or something . 
  my friends mum genuinely believes that the chinese/japanese/anyone with thin eyes will eventually take over the world because `` they 're more industrious and hard working '', 
  why is it uk fuckery ? 
  it may be immoral but this is totally normal . 
  everyone spies on everyone . 
  look at how close israel and america are but they still spy on each other . 
  it 's not that they 're doing something wrong more than the other shop . 
  it just seems rich for the ex leader of a tax haven to be lecturing others about finances . 
  is their ideological viewpoint similar to most other germans ? 
  definitely not but that 's a great analogy . 
  i suppose it 's like if your dad owned a shop . 
  your dad has paid for your whole upbringing and life until you 're old enough to support yourself . 
  then when you can start paying for things yourself you go to a different shop where you can get things slightly cheaper and in turn you do n't support the parent who has supported you, 
  i think a bit of intra european rivalry might be quite fun . 
  italy can expand the alpini to be 500,000 men strong and the dutch can invest in some homemade stealth bombers, 
  juncker has said absolutely no negotiations ? 
  this is something i 'd like to see answered . 
  is this all because of the greek government living beyond its means ? 
  what 's a 68er ? 
  something can be immoral/inconvinient for others but not illegal i suppose, 
  you went from saying people do n't migrate because they 're poor to saying economic migration is a constant . 
  economic migration is certainly a constant but that does n't mean the level of migration is n't raised sometimes by certain factors . 
  immigration policy may be harsher than it was a decade ago so the pull factor is down but that does n't mean the push factor is also down . 
  i 'm not sure i understand the relevance of what you just said but i do n't think it is being blown out of proportion that drastically . 
  at the end of the day there are parts of european countries that look like they 're in the middle east, 
  you do n't really believe people migrate only because of oppression do you ? 
  have you not heard of an economic migrant, 
  could it not be argued we will eventually reach a tipping point with the number of migrants, 
  south and east asia do send migrants , have you heard nothing of the boat people going to australia ? 
  what about all of this stuff with the rohingya and thailand amongst others refusing to let them in ? 
  i just feel for the people of calais as well , it 's like living in eritrea, 
  the media certainly too inflate the spectre of immigration but i think it 's stupid to label anyone concerned by immigration as part of the dumb masses . 
  and we did n't even vote him in . 
  what a cunt . 
  if you go to one mcdonald 's place often you can ask for a privilege card that gets your cheap big mac and mcchicken meals, 
  if they 're escaping persecution or death then by all means we can grant them asylum but when people are coming here because they want a better life then i do n't think it 's our duty to provide for them . 
  ship them home . 
  you do n't have to even go back a long time ago , i 'm half italian and the italian side of my family always take the piss out of the english side, 
  well now i can rest easy in the knowledge my great great great great grand children will be saved by the mighty nations of pakistan and somalia, 
  what 's greenland like ? 
  germany are like that uncle who used to get drunk and fight everyone but then eventually calmed down and got a good job, 
  defence is n't a huge concern for belgium considering it 's neighbours, 
  could you answer some of peoples concerns in this thread please ? 
  people have mentioned about saudis and homosexuals being unable to coexist peacefully which is obviously true and have also mentioned how the culture of isis is obviously objectively inferior to other cultures . 
  under the new rules , would these get you banned if you say them ? 
  typhoons are supposed to be pretty good though are n't they ? 
  at least that 's what our government has told us, 
  very true . 
  look at george osborne 's brother being struck off cus of an affair with a patient . 
  it reflects badly on osborne but he had absolutely no hand in it . 
  tragedies are more poignant when they 're closer to home . 
  ca n't they understand that ? 
  i love it . 
  i wish this sub was a happier place sometimes . 
  maybe we can have other posts of friendships between countries . 
  it was n't long ago they had schools and the metro closed for a few days if i remember . 
  i 've never really found this in day to day life though . 
  people generally consider eastern europeans to be hard workers . 
  some complain they take jobs from locals but that 's a different thing . 
  traditionally i 'd say france but i would love it if we started the next anglo-dutch empire and marched across europe in bright orange battle tanks equipped with tea making facilities . 
  none of us are innocent . 
  look at all the european countries making billions from weapons sales . 
  we just have to admit that we like making money regardless of whether it 's from something that 's considered immoral . 
  you 've just taught me how to say \u0142 properly . 
  thank you !, 
  i do n't feel like it 's necessarily isolationist to recognise that there are fundamental differences between the uk and european countries . 
  you 're a bit of a twat for implying that because you do n't like the requirements they 're xenophobic . 
  grow up . 
  he makes billions by speculating , what a world we live in, 
  the comment implied that the slovaks and other ee countries mentioned may not have hated the germans so much because some of them cooperated with them . 
  i 'm not really sure to be honest , the whole thing seems a bit silly because myself and most people i know are n't concerned about eastern europeans to anywhere near the same degree as non-eu migrants . 
  i 've worked with poles and hungarians and i can only speak good of them and i think the fact that they 're culturally more similar to us than say someone from pakistan leads to a lot less friction . 
  it 's possible they 're doing this because their young people who emigrate to work and send money back/eventually return with money will have a harder time emigrating to britain and getting a job .
