as so often , austria is a complete embarassment . 
  to be fair , it would be a lot more red if it was . 
  i am * absolutely * for eu solidarity . 
  eu solidarity is not threatened by not being stupid pushovers to erdogans regime . 
  i would be for having proper control of our borders as well . 
  bring on the europen nation state !, 
   how much of that was because of turkey deal ? 
  nothing because * the deal was not in place then !, 
  * the fence worked despite of all predictions ( read ` lies ' ) of so called experts in the media . 
   plus fence works in central europe but what about italy and greece ? 
  i will tell you an inconvenient truth : refugees did not come to greece . 
  if they cant travel on they willl look not to be caught up there . 
  refugee flow stopped after the fence which was up before the deal . 
  its always amusing if the only counter argument is : my atrocity does not achieve a very narrow definiton enforced by stalin to cover his ass , so it is not a genocide . 
  racist by some definitions . 
  neonazi not as far as i know . 
  how do you * know * ? 
  i dont want to imply that it * is * the reason but i dont know on what grounds we could rule it out . 
  of course . 
  among 500 austrians , at most 483 are locked in a basement somewhere . 
  life quality is still highest in vienna and munich in the eu . 
  and both sport quite unpc populations compared to the nordics . 
   so you withhold development aid to leverage that into an agreement ? 
  dev aid usually goes to dictators and does not go to the people . 
  it is a tool to keep them in check . 
  dont have any illusions about it . 
  we can also offer more aid if you want . 
   that wo n't necessarily work out though . 
  people might not want to take the 5000 $ . 
  also programs like this are largely already in place without the stick . 
  the stick does not even have to be nothing , just uncomfortable . 
  that is not against anyone 's rights . 
   if you have no common system for asylum in place like right now you will have people just go wherever simply because there is no incentive for the border countries to have proper controls in palce either pay them , or do it yourself until the common system is in place . 
   and what do you do if you do n't find out this way where they came from ? 
  you also ca n't just give them nothing . 
  not only would this be unconstitutional ( in germany definitely ) , but i also do n't want groups of people running around with nothing to lose and no income . 
  that seems like a recipe to get crime to shoot up . 
  tat is why the carrot is there . 
  5000 $ is pretty good for a lot of people who have strong economic incentives . 
  some wont follow . 
   you also still have the problem with countries possibly not taking them back . 
  that is what developmental aid is for . 
   that is already the plan . 
  enforcing the border wo n't be feasible as long as you do n't have a plan for what to do with those that apply for asylum . 
  waht ? 
   and now where do you send these people ? 
  from whereever they came from . 
  first you prove they did not come the place they claim ( ez , just ask them easily checkable questions any resident would know but non residents dont on the spot . 
  then you offer them 5000 $ for returning home and nothing for staying ) . 
  meanwhile you close the balkan route so that you have no lucky doubles . 
   and you do know that it might be hard to even get a passport in some of the countries that these people are fleeing from ? 
  in that case we would know from step 1 . 
   and again these people are already in hungary . 
  what is your solution ? 
  same . 
   what is your solution long term ? 
  now ? 
  we weather out political unrest in syria , then everyones goes home , while build a european border . 
   can you explain to me how that solves 200 000 people in hungary marching towards austria and then germany ? 
  you could have easily sent a lot of people packing but didnt . 
  those without passports for example . 
  that would have stemmed the flow early . 
   do you expect only the border states to stem the entire amount of people ? 
  they literally got overwhelmed . 
  nope . 
  i dont think that is the only kind of fence . 
  i think sending a clear message would have been just as effective : `` yes , we will care for those in the need , but their only chance of application is not by trespassing , but by applying inside desgnated refugee camps . 
  fraudulent applications have no chance to come through '' if you make it loud enough it is all the fence you need . 
  ok schultz , how about you not proposing legislation that would punish outlets you deem `` fake news '' ? 
  because this is failure i blame on you , personally . 
  yes , but i dont want to shift blame away from our quite incompetent administration whose only course was : `` do what merkel says ! '', 
  in the end it did not pay off and our chancellor resigned . 
  nthough austrian politics are always a sorry state to be sure . 
  north america and eu are not vastly different economic zones . 
  you get the far right if people are lacking a sense of unity or are feeling like their sense of unity is under threat . 
  free trade has never been an impediment against that . 
   if everyone in europe would do their part , we would already have sufficient funding . 
   britain did not elect the far-right though . 
  i disagree with qualifying brexit as a `` far-right victory '' . 
  a monumentally stupid decision mostly driven by anti immigration sentiment then . 
  i am not ideologically wedded to the term far right . 
  with current exchange rates you would merely have needed 20 % percent of the spending to make a similarly positive effect , less if you consider that logistiscs in the future would have been a lot easier . 
   not really , no . 
  i dont think we need any more far right victories in europe . 
  britain was enough . 
   in this case , it is less about limited resources than about politics . 
  we will spend around 90 billion euros on refugees in the next few years . 
  and the people are not exactly happy about it , but they will tolerate it . 
  announcing to spend 90 billion euros on people somewhere else without visible effect to us will get people up in arms . 
  they are up in arms anyway , if you didnt notice . 
  if you wan na do something , at least do it right . 
   i disagree with this metaphor . 
  i know . 
   i disagree . 
  helping the people here is still as humanitarian as it gets . 
  an effort to help ten people does not get any less humanitarian if you could have helped other/more people instead . 
  i disagree . 
  helping others more effiscently is the humanitarian course . 
  i have little respect for fuzzy thinking here . 
  efficacy differs between charities by a factor thousand or so , meaning this kind of reasoning has cost the most disadvantaged people enormously .
