  oh dictators tend to die pretty gruesomely once they can no longer pay their cronies . 
  damocles sword , the origin story . 
  nope , i was not predicting , mate . 
  i was using indicators of production capability to evidence my contention that democracies have improved their capability . 
  by a massive boatload . 
   then why are you talking about gdp ? 
  is your position that naive economics are better than sophisticated economics ? 
  yes . 
  by a lot . 
  i have seen so many economists making hilariously wrong predictions based on their sophisiticated understanding , i stopped counting . 
  we should sack their departments , burn it all to the ground and start anew . 
  with much of social science we should do the same btw . 
   i 'm not denying that , and the video you did n't watch is not about that . 
  so my decision not to watch it is vindicated , i see . 
  japan . 
  `` baltic tigers '' . 
  turkey . 
  where do you come from ? 
  mars ? 
   not according to r/economics , and i 'd think there should be a few economists on that thread . 
  economics is an anti science . 
  people practicing it have little predictive or descriptive understanding . 
  it is a sad state of affairs that some take them seriously . 
   i do n't have sources , but there are related phenomena such as decrease of wages as a share of economy , and increases of productivity due to automation not resulting in an increase of wages . 
  true to some extent , though this does not account for the quality of goods being far greater than it once was . 
  countries with low human capital and resource curse will always underperform , though among them those with democracies still outperform others . 
  go ahead and compare , it has been done in the literature . 
  elizabeth warren , save your click . 
  gal is a joke . 
  you mean east asian countires with similar democracies to ours ? 
  they work fine . 
   you ca n't judge functional quality of a system based on empirical evidence . 
  the only thing we know is that democracies tend to work out the best . 
  sure u can . 
  corruption indeces for example . 
   however , there are far too many failed democracies in the world to assert that there 's anything functionally superior in the system itself . 
  ok , you know you could count democracies that have failed vs non democracies that have failed . 
  that has been done , democracies are better , by a lot . 
  legally movin to austria at least is hard . 
  red white red cards are a bitch to get . 
  a lot of democracies are restricting immigration . 
   democracy certainly was n't / is n't the best system in all scenario : if you 're not a nation-state , do n't have a common feeling of belonging to the same community ( if you belong to an ethnie or a region or a religious branch first , you just get tyranny of the majority or endorsed `` cleansing '' ) , or the comlunications or travel techniques are n't evolved enough , or a population of unalphabetes peasants whose horizon is the next village ... etc in western democracy , which are not the same as some platonic ideal democracy , human rights are ratified , so ethnic cleansings cant happen . 
   the `` best system '' does n't really exist . 
  it 's all about the most suited to the situation and the chosen priorities ( social justice , security , administration , stability ... ) usually that is western style governments . 
  exceptions seem rare . 
  and slovakia in a joint decision with austria . 
   one example of how china is overtaking the west is their level of involvement in africa . 
  since they only care about profits and access to natural resources , they have no qualms about bribing and corrupting the local governments to promote better conditions for their companies . 
  it 's obviously immoral but they 're significantly increasing their influence with each passing year . 
  and when africa becomes a major industrial hub , we should be worried . 
  in the meanwhile ( ie a century or so ) influence in sub saharan africa is a marginal commodity . 
  south america is more interesting and western influence is much stronger there . 
   another example is the way they handle problems with unstable minority regions within china : simply send in a few dozen millions of han chinese and the problem goes away within a few decades . 
  meanwhile the west keeps getting referendums on minority regions ( catalonia , scotland , quebec ) splitting away , which decreases our unity . 
  ok lets talk about unity . 
  on almost all measures of social trust the west ranks higher not lower than the chinese do . 
  the reason for this has likely to do with sending in a few million han chinese into minority regions . 
  diversity reduces social trust after all . 
  when push comes to shove this disunity is cripling , you have massive corruption and deceit , people dont work for the benefit of others . 
   sure , their gdp per capita is far from european levels , but their ( mostly ) benevolent dictatorship allows them to solve problems at a far quicker pace than we can in europe . 
  the pcr is a completely incompetent institution mostly concerned with presering its own power . 
  it is in no conceivable way benevolent . 
  good god , first no , nominal gdp of china is lower than that of the us . 
  second you forgot that chinese * are the most populous state in the world * . 
  gdp per capita is abysmally low . 
   they 're easily overtaking the west in many areas precisely because we 're so focused on `` human rights '' and `` democracy '' . 
  lol . 
  if they overtake the west , which they likely wont unless they liberalize , it will be due to their massive population and strong investment in human capital ( which makes dictatorships unstable btw ) , not because our empirically better working systems are somehow mystically worse due to not conforming to your internet tough guy ideology . 
  still semantic . 
   democracy has been popular in the west , and the west got a headstart because of ~ 400 years of colonialism . 
  if you believe colonialism was that much of a help you are deluded . 
  gdp in colonial powers was only a little higher than in non colonial powers and towards the end of the colonial age non colonial european powers had completely outstripped the others . 
  http://www.tradingeconomics.com/european-union/gdp u sure u know what u are tawking ? 
  yeah , apart from the fact that life is pretty great and it is likely getting better . 
   the current system of balances , checks , super laws ( constitutions ) , separation of the 3 powers , independent press , election systems that are significant are all important to the functioning of society . 
  i completely agree . 
  that is what we call a democracy , even if it is not the technical meaning of the word , but this merely a semantic argument and not linked to any important empirical proposition . 
  you are wasting your time . 
   i believe a country based on rule of law is better than a purely democratic country . 
  a country that values human rights is better than a purely democratic country . 
  i dont disagreee but is just dodging the spirit of the question . 
  are democracies , such as we call them today , essential ? 
  for most people 's way of prefered life , the answer is simply yes and if they dont know that i will laugh and cry at their madness . 
   oh and the fact that you think all philosophical ethical moral etc issues are solved simply by saying the magic d word , kinda shows ignorance on your part . 
  where did i claim that ? 
  you mean other than the closing of the balkan route this year which made free movement of refugees from greece into central europe practically impossible , for example ? 
  or the australian method of guaranteeing that you get into a camp if you try to get there ? 
  those just did not happen , right ? 
   democracy is not essential , it very easily leads to tyranny anyway . 
  what is essential is that the public protects their basic human rights such as the presumption of innocence and most importantly have the means to over throw their government should they ever need to . 
  if you believe there is any chance of that happening outside of democracies you are deluded . 
  violating press freedom and freedom of speech is the primary objective of autocrats , else their reign can be challenged and they risk coups and violent uprisings . 
  your rights will never be ensured in such systems . 
  both are terrifying . 
  pcr also fears far right populism . 
  other forms of government have much worse conditions to live in and the fact most people dont know that is evidence for crippling ignorance and stupidity for one . 
  necessity is not the same as sufficiency . 
  please dont vote . 
   that 's still presumptuous . 
  no way democracies are optimal .
