  meaning right just is not enough . 
  not that meaning right was at the heart of this controversy . 
   helping people here and helping people in the region do not contradict each other . 
  oh it does if you have limited resources . 
  it is a simple optimization problem . 
   and by the way , criticizing germany in this regard is n't really due - we are one of the few countries that actually spends significant amounts of money in the region . 
  germany , the uk and norway provided over 50 % of the last pledging conference for syrian refugees . 
  you are still spending more in ways that have destabilized political unity in europe and helped way less people . 
  giving a stranger a kidney is one thing . 
  giving them your heart if they dont need it is just abject stupidity . 
   the countries that complain the most about how spending in the region would be more efficient are usually the ones doing the least . 
  both here in europe and in terms of funding . 
  that is unfortunate , but does not change the fact that any pretense of humanitarianism is pretty thin . 
   we do not have a responsibility to protect inner-eu borders however . 
  doing so would significantly cripple our economy and it is the wrong thing to do . 
  i agree . 
  we should protect the outer borders though . 
  if we wan na have a politial union , which i am all in favor of , we should start behaving like a nation state on such issues . 
   she couldnt have failed much harder . 
  to be fair , when it comes to political incompetence , it is a long way down . 
  you can simply make a video where they go to the poor brown people and give them stuff . 
   humanitarian reasons this is the most farcical of all . 
  you could have helped several times the numbe if you had helped increasing the humanitarian situation in camps . 
  easily . 
   failure of eu law that is true to an extent . 
  failing to protect a border is more failure of will though . 
   helping other eu countries - mainly yours and hungary . 
  austria was just as stupid or even more so . 
  i dont care about inequality . 
  i care about economic growth . 
  * what * was the reasoning though ? 
  tell me how you * really * feel . 
  by the standards of my society i am pretty much a free speech fundamentalist . 
  but even i think this is taking things too far . 
  did you mean art-of-the-state ? 
  yep . 
  it would be bizzare otherwise . 
  beliefs have strong genetics substructure though . 
  maybe not . 
  democide , most definitely . 
  they consider themselves turks , not austrians . 
  all a priori models aside . 
   i said ignore the loss of life . 
  the report states significantly lower numbers by the way . 
   food is a much more interesting point . 
  i think current policies harm economies in similar ways to a larger extent . 
  have a look at how those projections hold up in the nuclear domain . 
  if you do n't ignore this context , what trust would you have in those numbers being accurate . 
  i think given the amount of potential energy contained , very chaep nuclear energy is quite likely . 
  no other source has the same potential margins . 
  factor five is by the way a very cautious estimate . 
   renewables on the other hand significantly outperformed most projections ( e.g. 
  growian ) . 
  what does that tell you ? 
  that you have very bad sources about renewables . 
  i can remember so many predictions in the early nineties about how today would look like when it comes to renewables that never came to pass . 
  investment in renewables research today is * higher * than for nuclear , despite those technologies being consigned to be marginal forever , due to low upper bounds of their production capacity . 
   if you 've lived in the place that was slated for nuclear annihilation for a couple of decades you develop a different perspective on some things . 
  there were 3-4 close calls that are known today . 
  regarding austria in particular : cold war plans were to nuke us in the ground despite our neutral status ( from the soviet side , dont know what allies ) . 
  if we had had nuclear cpability noone would ever have considered poking that additional hornet nests . 
  but as it stood we were not protected by nato and would have perished with it anyway if push came to shove ... idiotic . 
  we risked absolute destruction with no ngain in order to pretedn to be polite . 
   have you gone through the consequences of a bad nuclear meltdown in germany ? 
  i mean in any sort of detail . 
  the couple of thousand dead would be a joke . 
  look at the economic section here ( german ) . 
  let alone the threat scenarios from hostile actions ( state or non-state ) . 
  i have , actually in pretty great detail . 
  i know enough about reactor types to consider it unlikely but in case it happened we would have what ? 
  10 000 deaths after tschenobyl , your pdf does not make significantly different predictions in germany . 
  these are highly trivial numbers given the actually very low rates of such events ( one so far with a very much inferior reactor design ) . 
  we can compare them to the deaths caused by fossil fuels : * about half a million * premature deaths in europe are linked to air polution * each year * :  an etc/acm systematic estimate of the health impacts attributable to exposure to pm shows that the effect of pm 2.5 concentrations on total mortality ( 28 ) leads to about 458 000 premature deaths per year in europe ( over 40 countries ( 29 ) ) and around 430 000 premature deaths in the eu-28 . 
  the estimate is based on 2011 concentrations ( 30 ) and population data from the un population prospects ( un , 2012 ) . 
  the relative risk recommended by who ( 2013b ) was used in the calculations , i.e. 
  a 10 \u03bcg / m 3 increase in pm 2.5 annual mean concentration is associated with a 6.2 % increase ( 31 ) in total ( non\u2010violent ) mortality . 
  source : http://www.eea.europa.eu//publications/air-quality-in-europe-2015#tab-data-references of course we are too stupid to be able to compare numbers . 
   nuclear is n't cheap . 
  even quitting nuclear is n't . 
  this goes for military and civil . 
  providers just settled on a 23g $ deal to avoid paying more for waste storage . 
  they did not do that out of a sense of obligation . 
  next generation reactors are cheaper by far than any other form of energy , by about a factor five . 
  we have very large protests on our streets with people going around crying '' wir sind die soldaten des sultans '' . 
  loyalities are clearly not with austria for a huge segment of the population . 
  as someone who used to have quite some contact with working class austrians of turkish descent growing up ( i played a lot of football with them ) i can confidently state almost none identify as austrian . 
  austria is even more retarded about this than germany . 
  its such a waste . 
  idiocy beyond what one would usually expect . 
  yep that was dumb dumb dumb dumb . 
  meanwhile there is a working research reactor in vienna . 
  we have all the risks and none of the energy of nuclear power . 
  austrians are a phenomenally stupid bunch . 
  too bad german speakers are completely idiotic about this topic . 
  u serious ? 
   also bad workers , leading to a degradation of military equipment , oil , food , and wealth for the governement . 
  1 % of small russian gdp is still much for a few people . 
   also if you work for the army , even as a senior member , you very well might n't be happy that people you know are starving . 
  he will balance it against the probability of him getting killed if he tries to resist . 
  usually they dont do anything .
