  except for the counterexamples i provided . 
  another one , since totalitarian shitheads are usually russian , russia today is more powerful than it was during the soviet era . 
  in 82 soviet fighter jets were downed pretty easily by the israelis . 
  would not happen as easily today . 
  you have to compare gabon is actually a good example of a democracies outperforming nondemocracies . 
  but i am tired . 
  sure , all the powerful states in the world being democracies is just happenstance . 
  the countires you mention have far higher human capital . 
  stop comparing apples to oranges . 
   my point was , that even by 1820 , usa was a successful country with a strong economy , before becoming a democracy . 
  comparable to what it is now ? 
  the american revolution for the most part was a lucky escape , mind you . 
   that turkey did n't preform any better than non-democratic countries . 
  it ouperforms ie syria . 
  or iran . 
  or iraq . 
  by a lot . 
   our own laws only concern our own population and people who want to live here . 
  nothing about geopolitics here . 
  sorry but that is simply not true . 
  you implemented temporary immigration stops when you were completely overwhelmed last summer with lots of people instead stranding in austria and the visjegrad states ( austria took more than you by capita , partly as a result of this ) and the populations of these countries are monumentally pissed off at your actions right now . 
  austrian sp\u00d6 ( = spd ) sacked their pro-merkel leader and chancellor replacing them with an immigration skeptic . 
  you lost a lot of friends and significantly weakened your position in the eu as a result . 
  further these actions have strengthened the far right nationalists to an extent that is uncomfortable in many major european countries , destabilizing europe in a dangerous fashion . 
  your current course is madness and stupidity , rolled into a giant bowl . 
  you could easily help refugees to a far greater extent by helping them in the actual regions for the same resources , so your actions are not only dangrous and shortsigthed , but also strictly immoral , merely done for empty sanctimonious gestures and not actually resulting from any moral impulse in my view . 
   countries like yours forcing us to change our laws or constitution would be a serious infringement of state souvereignty . 
  who is talking about us forcing you to do anything . 
  that is a reasonable geopolitical strategy / s. 
   in russia at the time period , the nobility had voting rights , or around 0.5 % of the population . 
  not a huge difference i 'd say . 
  and the subsequent development was anywhere similar to the us ? 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a7/u.s._vote_for_president_as_population_share.png  and this criteria being ? 
  from it 's immediate neighbors turky vastly outpaces on armenia and syria . 
  your point ? 
   something suggests me , you never held one in your hands . 
  are you saying you have said numbers ? 
  if it is the same brain that led you to the conclusions espoused above , dont be fooled again . 
  as for numbers :  furthermore , if we insert our estimate of 1934-35 japanese per capita estimate of 1,760 dollars ( in 1990 prices ) in place of maddison 's 2,154 figure in the maddison dataset , it would show a japanese per capita income lower than almost all other western european countries , including spain , italy and greece , only comparable to ussr , marginally higher that of malaysia or the philippines for that period . 
  these intriguing findings seem to point to the need for a more comprehensive research on pre-war ppp for other countries as well from [ here ] ( http://gpih.ucdavis.edu/files/fukao_ma_yuan.pdf )  is 1 % large ? 
  because that 's less than the percentage that voted in 1820 . 
  compared to a lot of autocracies ? 
  huge . 
   cherry picking , are we ? 
  no finding plausible anchors of comparison . 
  if the argument is about greece , which is a democracy and the point of contention is democracies being well , off , it does not provide a contrast at all . 
   i fail to see how are you reaching this conclusion , but i did n't find any hard numbers . 
  so i ca n't really argue with you . 
  read books about ww2 . 
   latvia has now a gdp per capita of 22k $ and a population 20 % less . 
  it 's hardly impressive , and probably has little to do with democracy . 
  it became a lot richer after adopting democracy . 
  that was the point . 
   you are engaging historical what if , but as i 've showed , the usa had a good economy before becoming a democracy . 
  and i 'm inclined to assume , that 's it was their geographic position more than anything else . 
  uhm , no . 
  back then it allready was partially a democracy , which is a main source of its power . 
  it means that a large percentage of the population had a say , leading them to have more freedom than in a dictatorship , thus ackquiring educations and becoming economically productive , making the state powerful . 
   neighbors like greece or russia ? 
  the neighbours that are culturally similar and are not a democracy . 
  the relevant neighbours for the point of comparision . 
  not the irrelevant ones you are mentioning . 
  i care about stuff i care about while i live . 
  i care about what happens after my death . 
  fun fact : parents do as well . 
  your family would presumably die as well and your name would be slandered in eternity . 
  by which i mean people would say the truth about you . 
   if they are worse , then it would seem that elizabeth warren , endorsed by r/economics might be correct , and indeed in recent years there has been a trend towards decreased economic stability of an average western family , something arguably as important as technological progress . 
  something consistent with my thesis `` in recent years the poorer countries have been improving , most of them not being democracies '' . 
  if by recent , you mean 10 , i am buying it . 
  my reaction was regarding 50 years , which is complete nonsense . 
   which in-turn is consistent with my larger thesis that economic progress is primarily due to factors other than democratic government . 
  after controling for human capital , no , that is incorrect . 
  authoritarian societies are miserable in comparative terms . 
   the initiaial difference may , or may not be due to colonialism , but democracy is hardly the only factor that differentiates western countries from the rest of the world . 
  i will repeat this a thousand times : no it was not colonialism !, 
  the argument that colonialism had anything to do with it is completely ahistorical and anumerical . 
  the societies having colonies were powerful before and they did not become more powerful than their neighbours through colonies , it just did not happen . 
  initially european power likely came from philosophical and legal reforms making technological progress easier and raising individual liberty and hence productivity . 
  this trend increased once forms of democracy or/and liberal constiitutions became common further increasing human capital making them more powerful still . 
  european dominance over the world is now slipping because european norms are spreading in other culture , empowering them in a similar way . 
  liberty , law and popular vote . 
  those are the words of the real global revolution . 
   japan had advanced industry well before democracy . 
  it was not on the comparative level it is now . 
  back then europe was still unmatched in production capability . 
  it gained quickly and enormously under democracy . 
   i would n't call the `` baltic tigers '' successful , but if you would , latvia , for example , had gdp per capita of 14k $ , hardly a failing state . 
  since they have democracy they are growing quickly , economically and in terms of life quality . 
   the us did n't become anything . 
  but even then , at 1820 , when only white-male-property owners could vote , it had a gdp per capita of 1200 vs 1800 of gb , again , hardly a failing state . 
  it was a british colony . 
  onc eit emancipated it could have become a dictatorship , it did not , resulting in the greates super power , by far , the world has ever seen . 
  it is not clear that such a thing must happen . 
  it could have ended up like any other country , maybe like indonesia or china . 
  but it did not . 
  there was a difference . 
   and i would n't call turkey especially successful , or democratic . 
  more democratic than its neighbours over the past century and a lot more successful . 
  you must adjust for location .
