   yes but when the common folk are harmed it puts putin 's power in danger , somewhat . 
  depending on how autocratic russia actually is , maybe not at all . 
  starving masses without weapons make bad revolutionaries . 
   you underestimate the mental barriers in europe regarding world relevance . 
  we 're completely unprepared to accept the idea of filling a power vacuum , let alone do it . 
  which is too bad . 
  while i think that us hegemony was the best solution , i think that if the us becomes isolationist , a unified europe is the best way to go . 
  lulz . 
  when in 82 western fighter jets of israel clahed with a squad similar in size made by soviets over lebanon , the outcome was 82 nil . 
  soviet jets did not manage a single one down . 
  stories about soviet industrial and conventional might are highly exaggerated . 
  that is quite unfair . 
  for example he held his anti migration views before they were majority views in austria . 
  it is actually an evolutionary adaptation . 
  his giant ears provide his massive brain with additional oxygen , so he can beat journalists in debates and if this does not work he can glide away using the ears as improvised wings . 
  the deck was stacked against them from the moment of birth and their ability to navigate a legal system is strongly impaired . 
   where does that line of thought stop though ? 
  i think european nations should include people we can reasonably expect to behave altruistically due to a common sense of identity and respect for democratic norms , including individualism of the inhabitants of the nation , which becomes much harder if the nation is completely fractionalized . 
   are we going to deport people who are mentally retarded , the physically disabled or the mentally ill ? 
  i would like to help them , if possible . 
  for now by providing them with a strong safety net , once gene therapy has become more powerful ( i.e. 
  maybe five years at current pace ) by genetic modification so that they too can lead productive fulfilling lives . 
  nature 's die has been cast , though we may cast it yet again with more favourable odds . 
   i feel you 're skirting a line here . 
  i know that people have interpreted a lot of 20th century political opinions in some commments i have left . 
  i have no desire to commit large scale human rights abuses , the power of modern technology enables humane solutions to many of the problems i raise today . 
  edit : i just saw that i misread your comment :  and getting to live in the country you were born in should n't be something that needs qualifications . 
  for some reason i read it as : `` and getting to live in the country you were ** not ** born in should n't be something that needs qualifications . '', 
  i perfectly agree with your first comment , i am sorry . 
  i think while we should be strongly concerned about possible future fractionalization due to extremely negative long term consequences , we can not just force people allready living here for generations out . 
  average iq in prison is 85 , one full standard deviation bellow mean . 
  shouldnt it ? 
  ethnic fractionalization decreases gdp , security , sense of inclusion and strongly increases corruption . 
  read for example the putnam report on diversity . 
  edit : i messed up here . 
  see comment bellow . 
   bigotry ( in the sense that it can get you sued ) is when you deny people a job or service they shoud 've reasonably gotten because of a trait they ca n't control ( within reason of course , you ca n't get a parkinson patient to do surgery ) . 
  and most jobs applications in higher educations are this way . 
  educational achievment ist to about 60 percent genetic . 
   and yes , it 's human nature to use these things to judge others . 
  but in these cases it 's a self fullfilling prophecy . 
  people do n't hate moroccans because they 're moroccans but because there 's the social stigma that they 're anti-social and so on . 
  from evidence we have on stereotype accuracy , stereotypes are actually relatively precise estimates of group means of traits , so it is not self fulfilling , but is produced by the group , for the most part . 
  of course that sucks for individuals of the group that are not like that , but i think it is very hard to change such a thing . 
  i am saying that bigotry is not a reasonable concept . 
  we all judge people * mostly * on grounds they cant change and we dont do it out of hate but because it is useful . 
  so what ? 
  discrimination against short and stupid people is pretty extreme in many isntances , the disadvantages of being born dumb outweigh all other social disadvantages . 
  and we judge people for it , pretty harsh , huh ? 
  we all judge other with things beyond their control . 
  height , attractiveness , intelligence , will power , character atributes , all to a large degree genetic . 
  yeah it should always have been raustria . 
  if there are only two candidates , there is a large incentive by both candidates to move to the center . 
  hence positions by hofer andvan der bellen were both pretty centrist and the 46 % are not as concerting as one may think naively . 
  you know the median voter theorem ? 
  nope as in : we choose to be assholes nevertheless , because that is what we collectively are ? 
  i am against foreign policy cynicims . 
  there is such a thing as responsibility , shoulder it . 
  i think you should help . 
  not us . 
  i am against us cleaning up your mess btw . 
  you are richer than us , stop being an asshole . 
  because you have kinda been colossal assholes and are now laughing at europe for trying to help you victims . 
  not genetically . 
  we are more of a mix, 
  it will be like zrumps plan against isis, 
  first of number of terrorist murdery by islaamists is higher than by right wingers calling your stat into question second intolerance is very common in the muslim communities as well, 
  i think both are and immigration empowers the far right . 
  though you should take them . 
  you caused the mayham they are fleeing . 
  responsibility . 
  germany and russia only had little colonies . 
  both had massive industries and germany in 1914 had military strength of several other european societies combined . 
  yes , china . 
  here is a pretty good geopolitic assessment of china : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_avnt3vyzr0&amp;t=937s their gdp per capita is very low and you have extremely high levels of distrust and corruption barely being held together by a repressive band of despots mostly concerned with self preservation . 
  dictatorships are pretty bad forms of governance . 
  anyway since i actually dont want you to stay that stupid , here is a comprehensive analysis of economic performance of developing democracies vs autocracies . 
  note severly underperforming autocracies such as north korea are ommited due to lack of precise dat . 
  democracies still win by a mile of course :  3 this is so even though 25 % of the data points for autocracies have not been reported . 
  so , growth rates for the likes of afghanistan , cambodia , cuba , iraq , north korea , and somalia have largely been omitted from these comparisons -- simply because we do n't have reliable data . 
  as these countries are widely believed to have underperformed economically , the reported average autocratic growth rates are likely overstated . 
  consequently , a defining characteristic of authoritarian systems -- their lack of transparency -- severely constrains our ability to undertake precise analysis of how regime type affects development performance . 
  the absence of any systematic evidence of an authoritarian growth advantage is perhaps even more noteworthy in that it includes the exceptional autocratic growth experiences of the east asian dynamos -- such as china , singapore , indonesia , south korea , and taiwan . 
  outside of east asia , developing country democracies have a per capita growth rate that is 50 % higher than autocracies , on average . 
  in other words , developing country democracies like botswana , costa rica , dominican republic , ghana , latvia , lithuania , mauritius , and senegal have tended to grow more rapidly than those with authoritarian governments such as belarus , cameroon , congo , cuba , syria , togo , uzbekistan , and zimbabwe . 
  since 1990 and the end of the superpower rivalry that propped up many authoritarian economies , the average difference in growth rates has widened further . 
  we have focused , thus far , on economic growth rates . 
  however , many development practitioners prefer to look at anthropometric indicators to gauge well-being as they capture distributional issues , are based on household surveys , and are generally more complete . 
  on these human development measures , developing country democracies truly excel relative to their authoritarian counterparts . 
  on nearly every social welfare measure available , democracies exhibit development outcomes that are 15-40 % superior than that of autocracies , controlling for income . 
  for example , citizens in developing country democracies have life expectancies that are nine years longer , infant mortality rates that are 20 % lower , secondary school attainment levels that are 40 % higher , and cereal yields 25 % greater , on average , than those in autocracies at comparable income levels . 
  the latter is particularly relevant in that rural inhabitants comprise 70 % of the population in most developing countries . 
  greater agricultural productivity , therefore , means not only more food but jobs , assets , and capital for investment . 
  these superior outcomes are obtained without massive social spending . 
  contrary to common expectations of fiscal profligacy in the face of populist pressures , low-income democracies do not spend relatively more on their education and health sectors , as a share of gdp , than do low - income autocracies . 
  nor do these democracies exhibit comparatively higher levels of fiscal deficit or accumulated debt . 
  perhaps most surprisingly , developing country democracies do not receive higher levels of development assistance . 
  in fact , low-income autocracies get just as much foreign assistance , as a share of gdp , as low-income democracies . 
  in other words , the strong showing by democracies can not be attributed to greater resource availability . 
  rather , processes internal to democratic systems appear to be responsible for their performance https://www.files.ethz.ch/isn/105515/why_democracy_is_central.pdf,
