  i hear this a lot . 
  so far almost all dictatorships have been ineffectual , poor loser states . 
  i think there is a good case that democracies are simply sfunctionally superior to other systems we have so far thought up . 
  ok tell me about the muslim conversion rate in poland . 
  thats why japanese are converting in droves . 
  srsly sometimes i wonder how some people 's head works . 
  that seems pretty marginal to the damage other energy forms have caused . 
  germans and austrians are stupid when it comes to nuclear risk . 
  dont beleive the hype . 
  while bad , the whole thing was not a world ending disaster . 
  the hazzle . 
  about half of those 24 million died due to stalins incompetence and cruelty . 
  he ordered leningrad not to be evacuated because soldiers would fight harder when civilian lifes are at stake , causing millions of civilian deaths for example . 
  i am sure the holodomor and the anti kulak actions were just pure bliss . 
  meanwhile a list of armies using austrian steyr aug assault rifles : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/steyr_aug#users or a list of organization using austrian glock pistols : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glock#users, 
  im not fine with either . 
  i am pretty sure most europeans share my view here . 
  foreign is a lot less scary than own government . 
   this is necessary but at the same time i hate it . 
  a propaganda war will hurt objective truth yet we have no choice , if we do n't fight we 'll lose . 
  complete nonsense . 
  in an open exchange truth wins out more often than fiction . 
  now we dont have that anymore . 
  that is worryingly idiotic by the eu . 
  gallow 's humor is common among people sawing their own life boat apart . 
  we should test it empirically . 
  first to three , germany and russia !, 
  ok but that would be much more in favor of germany then who have strong institutions little corruption and enormous industrial capabilities . 
  i am just gon na laugh at you guys for the next few years . 
  nuclear power . 
  nope dictatorships are rarely powerful , the incentive structures are antithetical to building economic and military capabilities . 
  i can recommend reading `` dictator 's handbook : why bad behavior almost always is good politics '' which details the precise reasons . 
  i mean nukes are kinda the only thing that can upset those power differnces in the modern world . 
   then , good night grand area !, 
  good morning china and russia !, 
  they are not better . 
  even worse , because in dictatorships loyalties are even more important compared to merit than in democracies . 
   european independence in itself creates a direct conflict with the us and this conflict will be exploited as soon as possible by other powers , creating a political tug-of-war inside europe . 
  depends . 
  other than militarily other powers are too weak to do much there . 
   but trump is n't a dictator either , the political system is far more then just the president and is n't entirely made out of idiots . 
  it is morons all the way down . 
  the deepest insight one can have about politics is : there is no inner party . 
  our leaders are as incompetent as the appear . 
   yes , but the problem is that we would have to take on both of them at the same time , which would ruin europe in the long run . 
  we would not have to . 
  they do a good job antagonizing each other . 
   i would love to see a truly independent europe , but it simply unrealistic considering the current geopolitical situation . 
  i dont think so . 
  russia is a marginal force and the us is badly overstretched . 
  independence is quite likely as long as we dont start any stupid conflicts . 
  sure mate . 
  i dont . 
  its forces are currently in bad shape and 2 % is the nato target anyway . 
   the us leaving wo n't happen , because it would go directly against their national interests . 
  a split in the transatlantic alliance would open up the possibility of a eurasian hegemony , which would be a serious threat to the us . 
  trump is not necessarily rational . 
   the alternative , a block free neutral europe , trying to establish its own hegemony would result in a seriously weaker position then choosing one side and it would end up becomming a arena where the us and russia fight out their interests . 
  not clear . 
  we have more human capital and gdp in terms of ppp than either of them . 
  the only problem would be challenges of unification . 
  from a strategic pespective coalition loyality is unclear . 
  if the us leaves us via trump , a hobbesian leviathan could be necessary . 
  i think this would be best achieved by an european army , if this proves not viable maybe german-french hegemony , though i strongly favor the first option . 
  why ? 
  well russian nuclear doctrine is defensive and i think they understand that offensive use would be a dangerous precedent . 
  so i would not say that german conventional superiority is next to useless , but i would say that it would not help in a total war for survival . 
  to an extent . 
  though there were some rumblings about germany as a nuclear power . 
  well i am against it for one . 
  sure though is suspect it to be in the medium turn when it comes to conventional arms . 
   you are talking like germany was alone . 
  they were n't but austrio hungarian and ottoman armies were small and outdated with poor combat performance . 
   actually , germany running out of resources sooner than great britain was easily predictable if you looked numbers of colonies . 
  uhm sure . 
  except it was not . 
  germany losing was predictable due to numbers involved and extended multifront war . 
  the moment the schliefen plan failed they were in trouble . 
  but germany vs gret britain without intervention of others - not easily predictable or favoring germany in my opinion . 
  in fact the franco prussian war showed that a colonial power like france did not really stand up to a well organized military . 
   having insane amount wealth , capital and natural resources is overstated ? 
  well , i have to disagree . 
  except the colonies only meant natural resources . 
  well but russian big mac tastes different than european , at least to me , so i dont think the ingredients are the completely comparable . 
  what ? 
  they fought against several powers at once and dealt a defeat to russia in the first war and then finally went down fighting three other super powers . 
  yes you will run out of resources some time that is clear but you could never have guessed their performance if you had looked at their number of colonies . 
  importance of colonies is vastly overstated . 
  thats if you take ppp . 
  nominal it is a different story . 
  or british innovation and institutions caused both . 
  we dont know and overall collonies dont look particularly important . 
  for example in 1914 germany was militarily more powerful than several european powers combined , despite having only few colonies . 
  though new german budget plan will likely change that . 
  germany aims at 2 % of its gdp for military which would mean it outspending russia . 
  nukes and technology . 
  look at the list . 
  it is unclear that there is a massive economic gain from colonies . 
  that even accounting for the fact that causation is not correlation . 
  nah , by then they had been beaten up by the prussians too often .
