  mind to explain ? 
  they are under way more thorough surveillance than any right or left wing extremist organisations . 
  they are already used though ? 
  i 'd go as far and say they are a lot more thorough when it comes to islamists . 
  contrary to reichsb\u00fcrger , there probably are n't a whole lot of islamist cops . 
  you probably mean ttip ; tpp has nothing to do with germany . 
  something i linked played a big part in that . 
  something that made the event you allude to a lot worse . 
  tariffs  less imports  others put tariffs in place too  less exports  less imports + less exports = smaller economy , less growth potential, 
  how does any of that and  political doctrine that stems from a viewpoint of struggle between the populace and a ruling faction . 
  fit together ? 
  workers in mexico have healthcare too though . 
  tariffs for others = less imports + others put tariffs in place for you = smaller economy = you fucked . 
  you either become competitive or you lose . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/smoot%e2%80%93hawley_tariff_act  u.s. imports decreased 66 % from $ 4.4 billion ( 1929 ) to $ 1.5 billion ( 1933 ) , and exports decreased 61 % from $ 5.4 billion to $ 2.1 billion . 
   get no healthcare  no workers rights these apply to the us too . 
   bad free trade agreements in the past does n't mean one should stop all free trade agreements . 
  isolating your market is never a good idea . 
  most people with a valuable skillset do n't lose their jobs to mexico . 
   i was talking about immigrants coming to germany since the crisis started , not criminals of foreign nationality it 's impossible that anyone who came since september 2015 has a german citizenship . 
  https://www.bka.de/shareddocs/downloads/de/publikationen/jahresberichteundlagebilder/kriminalitaetimkontextvonzuwanderung/kernaussagenzukriminalitaetimkontextvonzuwanderung_2-2016.html?nn=62336 albania , bosnia , kosovo , macedonia , serbia , tunesia , algeria , morocco  do you have any idea what the criminal accusation numbers look like when it also counts german nationals of immigrant backgrounds ? 
  https://mediendienst-integration.de/fileadmin/dateien/gutachten_kriminalitaet_migration_walburg.pdf this is just about teenagers but teenagers that are citizens , but have an immigration background are not more likely to commit crimes than teenagers without an immigration background . 
  oh i got it now . 
  i thought he questioned whether the faces should be shown . 
  the austrian president is just a ceremonial figurehead though . 
  well , different statistics may use different definitions and methodology , but they usually divide them into german citizens , non-german , but eu citizens and non-eu citizens and possibly differentiate between immigrant background and non-immigrant background . 
   that there is no statistics on people sorted by race considering pretty much every criminal is human that would n't make sense . 
  do you mean nationality ? 
   bleaches the blurred faces of criminals yes , where do n't they blur faces ? 
  the question is whether you want to play a role in shaping free trade agreements or whether you want others to shape them . 
  also most free trade deals of the past were basically just `` let 's lower tariffs '' and were n't made with the environment , labour laws etc. 
  in mind . 
  being categorically against free trade is not reasonable and the goal should be to make good ( fair / balanced ) trade deals . 
   populism is a political doctrine that stems from a viewpoint of struggle between the populace and a ruling faction . 
   the principles and doctrines of any political party asserting that it represents the rank and file of the people . 
  the important thing is not representing some people , but making the claim that you represent the people and that you have to fight the `` elite '' above you or just pretending like there is an elite working against the `` small man '' . 
  you made the claim that angela merkel is a populist which does n't hold up if you use the common definition . 
  reminder : you argued that merkel is a populist because she acted based on the popular opinion in germany . 
  well , we could obviously use the actual definition instead of the jamieusa one . 
  talking to people is not bullying though . 
  are you telling me afd voters want to make talking to people and wearing signal vests illegal ? 
  i do n't see the connection . 
  wan na enlighten me ? 
  it 's known that the concerned citizens get treated super unfairly in the east . 
   maybe separate our fuck ups , so that everyone pays for their own fuck ups as sovereign independent countries ? 
  that would be great . 
  if you do n't like the way other countries spend their budget , you can simply withdraw . 
  i fail to see the connection ? 
  yeah it 's really delusional to think that right wing/nationalistic parties have far right members . 
  all hopes for france lost . 
  our boy sch\u00e4uble can say what he wants to say , especially when there 's a bunch of lads and lasses planning to be cheeky . 
  sure , but the headline we are discussing is `` fillion would be a difficult partner for merkel '' . 
  that 's true , but they are still somewhat on the same page . 
  same thing was said about hollande . 
  margin of error and trump is behind in the popular vote . 
  why ? 
  sorry to burst the bubble you have been keeping yourself in , but outside of yank media no one talks about leaders of the free world and trump is probably going to be a neo-con puppet . 
  considering he will probably either antagonize the rest of the world or will be doing the standard republican program , he is n't even the leader of the white house . 
  [ if you want to know whom you are getting your information from . 
   germany is a dictatorship . 
  turkey flair . 
  oh right , turkey and germany is literally the same too . 
   a lot of 4chan and that 's where you discredited yourself , buddy . 
   police was arresting whoever was against the rape acts of the refugees . 
   true , but they are actively trying to be the opposition . 
  just like the afd . 
   if you do n't like merkel and do n't want to vote left , you vote nothing or afd . 
  or one of the other four parties with a very good chance to make it into the bundestag or be one of the other 5 % voting for various other small irrelevant parties . 
  the federal level is what matters in my opinion . 
  certain states also had the npd in their state parliaments . 
  nrw has by far the biggest population and the afd hovers around 10 % . 
   why does nobody want to work with them if that is the case ? 
  no one really wants to work with die linke either . 
   so , you think the afd has the same stance towards the constitution as long as they are n't anti-constitutional , which would make them illegal , i guess they do ? 
   the afd jumped from essentially zero to a maximum of 24 % they jumped from 0 to 4.7 % as a neo-liberal euro-sceptic party . 
  and then to a maximum of 14 % in polls while being far-right . 
  new parties establishing themselves does not really mean that democracy is sacrificed . 
  the greens and the left both did that too . 
   third one is an unpopular prick . 
  _  there 's also sch\u00e4uble who is the prick then ? 
  change for the sake of change is not a good way to do things . 
   is sacrificing democracy how and where is that happening in germany ? 
   then prosecuted a comedian for a poem actually no . 
  it 's up to the legal system and it 's right not to dick around in there as chancellor . 
   she hates gay rights and marijuana . 
  yes , she literally hates them !!!!!!!!!, 
   she pushed for ... migration epidemic ? 
   she pushed for more coal ? 
   germans are terrified of change . 
  one could also say germans like stability and dislike batshit insane left-right-populists . 
   20 years of 1 leader is always a good thing , right . 
  she is a chancellor not a leader . 
  looks to me like you would like some left-liberal-populism . 
  nothing wrong with wanting that bro , but nothing wrong with not wanting that either . 
   would love to vote for die linke but sarah wagenknecht there 's also bodo ramelow , bernd riexinger , katja kipping and the fact that die linke are left-populists , represent people that feel like the ddr was actually pretty neat and [ pull of crap like this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/b/bb/protest_gegen_den_krieg_in_afghanistan_im_bundestag.jpg ) . 
  he is comparing her to hollande/sarkozy/may and cameron though . 
   he did n't actually indicate he believed she was toast before reading this he said that he 's shocked that she is still popular . 
  the only way to be shocked that she is still popular is by being uninformed ; the news that angela merkel is somewhat popular is not some shocking new twist to anyone mildly informed about german politics . 
  the assumption that he consumes tabloids seems fair considering he 's english and the assumption that he in general consumes exclusively certain types of media seems to be a fair assumption too , judging by the  importing enormous numbers of people, 
  the gentleman i replied to did though .
