  they would be a good partner though . 
   all the signs from prominent politicians in the respective countries are they all want to begin to work more closely with each other except on economic matters i guess . 
  i mean they probably would like that , but the us and the uk do n't really like free trade and prosperity . 
  as i said , delusions . 
  your delusions are hilariously sad . 
  it 's not in the interest of australia to destroy their economic ties in favor of some superficial cultural ones . 
  i doubt that australia and canada are looking to isolate themselves together with the us and uk . 
  i also do n't really know what you have in mind . 
  some type of super close anglo-union ? 
  also how often do you actually check out what the boys down under think and say ? 
  last word i heard from them is that they are looking for some free trade , together with canada . 
  as i said . 
  it 's all about the money . 
  and the dream of some anglo-federal-union is only big in little england . 
  not even the yanks really seem to want that . 
  which countries are the most important trade partners for australia ? 
  i think it might be asia . 
  also the total amount of immigrants from asian countries indeed does rival the total numbers of immigrants from the us/uk . 
  it really does n't matter which films they watch and what websites they visit . 
  it 's all about the moneys and if the rest of the anglo-gang decides they do n't like prosperity i would n't bet on the aussies to follow them into the abyss . 
   if something seems to be stupid but it works , its not that stupid anymore it 's not stupid ; it is illegal , anti-constitutional , immoral and goes against the very foundations of western civilization . 
  not that you would know a lot about it . 
  nice strawman you have there , bud . 
  their internal politics are not our problem and their foreign policy is just fucking around in their corner of the world and beyond that all their interests are of economic nature . 
  china and potentially russia would indeed be better partners than the us for germany . 
  it 's about reliability and continuity . 
   i challenge you to name one measurable aspect of the us economy that has moved in a negative direction since his election . 
  that is a nice strawman you have there . 
  of course consumer confidence is up and of course the dollar is surging upwards when you announce `` less taxes , less regulation , bigly investments '' . 
  assuming that the trump does what he announced he would do ( deregulation , lower taxes and taking on a decent amount of debt for investments ) you will indeed see economic growth , but due to the dollar and inflation going upwards you will just have crushed dreams and an even bigger buttload of debt in a few years . 
  the dollar surging upwards is a bad thing actually , because you want more exports , not more imports . 
  like it did in the past 60 years ? 
  well , it 's action - reaction . 
  it 's not like the german government has an interest in `` acting tough '' as you call it , but just to get as much free trade as possible with whoever is willing to get some of that sweet prosperity you achieve by not being a mercantilist . 
  also i can personally guarantee you that a trade war with at least your 4 biggest trading partners , possibly with the rest of the world is going to end worse for you , than a trade war with your slightly biggest and possibly with your 3rd or 4th biggest trading partner . 
  simply the fact that if tromp actually pulls through with his investment plan you are just going to end up with a buttload more debt and a nice out-of-control inflation that will have to be countered , balancing out any actual growth . 
  leaving you just with - the debt . 
  going into debt to turn up the investments only makes sense when your economy actually needs it . 
  oh and pulling out of free trade with the pacific gang just leaves room for another western gang to fill in that slot , 
   i distinctly remember everyone being against tpp . 
  there were protests and everything . 
  we are not a hivemind . 
   oh we 're pretending we liked tpp now ? 
  someone keep me updated on whether we like ttip now because trump . 
  we are not a hivemind are we ? 
  also last thing i remember is that the majority of governments are in favor of free trade . 
  just because some left wing and right wing extremists are against it , does n't mean that everyone is against it . 
  talk shit , get hit . 
  it 's also not like it 's germany vs the delusionals , it 's about half the world vs the delusionals . 
   turkey lost 10 leopard 2 tanks of the same variation the german army uses wrong . 
  turkey has leopard 2a4 ; bundeswehr only has leopard 2a6 , a6m and a7 . 
  it wo n't go down the shitter !, 
  they have an alternative economy based on alternative facts in their alternative reality !, 
  well , the new yank-ceo did n't have any foreign policy advisors whom other countries could contact and his new foreign policy advisors are his sons , that one dorky english guy and the breitbart guy . 
  oh and just a little bit ago he went against one of the basic common western ideas which we owe a big part of our relative prosperity to . 
  like , he did n't just say it , he acted on it . 
  while this is about spain , / u/pablo _ the_diablo just felt the need to once again tell everyone why exactly we voted brexit and trump !, 
  this is why !!!, 
  rrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  it 's a quota and it 's about equally qualified men and women in the public service sector . 
   i got turned down at some places because they had girls applying that were not significantly worse than i was is simply a lie . 
  i am not being an ass , but please point me to the law you and him are refering to . 
  especially considering the frauenf\u00f6rderung in nrw only refers to promotions in the public sector . 
  assuming you are refering to the frauenf\u00f6rderung out of the landesbeamtengesetz nrw : it is from 01.07.2016 . 
   once more liberals failing at protecting women . 
  i try to show them how wrong they are , and all i get are insults . 
  lmao . 
  is hitler lol funneh xd, 
   because if you have a man and an equally qualified woman you have to choose her [ ... ] 3.5 years ago [ ... ] so at least here in germany we have some laws that in theory put women in a better position than men . 
  liar . 
  the rule you are refering to in nrw did n't exist 3.5 years ago and does n't conform to the constitution anyway . 
  wow , you really showed him , north korea . 
   still 60 % of the population is muslim , and venezuela is a far-left country for example . 
  only a person out of his mind can believe that the woman rights are higher in lebanon than in any american/european country lol . 
  / r/europe / reddit in a nutshell i guess . 
  mooslems and negros are the worst , everything else is a liiiiiiiiiiieeeee . 
  rrreeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee, 
  then why is podolski the most followed in poland ? 
   as soon as something does n't confirm my opinions and prejudices i become offended, 
  what if he has a german shepherd dog ? 
  or maybe a rottweiler or a great dane ? 
  i already made my point though . 
  you on the other hand presented `` us '' the rambling of an armchair theologist , sociologist and psychologist who obviously does n't understand the difference between a chassis and an engine . 
   they will tell you as much , stop pretending you understand their motivations better than they do . 
  you obviously have n't taken a whole lot of looks at either the recruitment pdfs of isis and similar organizations and you clearly have n't looked at a whole lot of people who grew up in the west and became islamic terrorists . 
  terrorism by definiton is always political . 
  i think it 's hilarious that people think that 9/11 was religiously motivated and not politically and that somehow a guy takes islam serious enough to kill infidels , but not serious enough to not become a junkie . 
  islam is the chassis , not the engine . 
   trump is german-american no . 
  ca n't prevent them to come back as long as there is no eu-wide entry/exit registry anyway . 
  maybe we can bask in the role of the victim together !, 
  well , i assumed you were only talking about germany . 
  also about half ( ? ), 
  of eastern and southern europe hate us and the next us-president claims that the eu is a german masterplan to `` beat the us on trade '' and dominate europe . 
  oh and where did he get that from ? 
  the british media . 
  i guess anti-german sentiment is widespread too . 
   it is definitely widespread i do n't think that 's true . 
   at least we 're at the point where you admit it . 
  there is not much to admit or deny since neither you or i can prove that any german agency has moles in american agencies and ministries or that any german agency is tapping the phones of senior us government officials .
