  eu can choose what to do with uk citizens . 
  okay . 
   ( 3 ) uk puts no border between ireland and northern ireland . 
  ( here , i assume eu will put a soft customs border on the irish side . ), 
  yes . 
   ( 4 ) uk and eu agree a collaboration agreement in relation to policing and counter-terrorism in which they share information with each other . 
  okay . 
   ( 5 ) uk commits to an extensive security arrangement with baltics , poland and romania in which uk will send troops to those countries and substantially integrate with them . 
  uk also commits to an extensive bilateral military arrangement with france . 
  not necessary due to nato , but ty . 
   ( 6 ) uk leaves the single market , the jurisdiction of the ecj , makes no further payments in relation to the single market . 
  that 's the point of leaving , innit ? 
   ( 7 ) uk and eu agree a short and simple free trade agreement in which they will not put tariffs on each others goods or services . 
  absolutely not . 
  why would tarrifs be dropped without any further agreements ? 
  that would be a first , anywhere on the world . 
  we will have to find a comprehensive and complete trade agreement . 
  we will orientate ourselves on the agreements with south korea and canada . 
  until we do so , wto rules apply . 
  do some research on whataboutism . 
  i told you why i think that the uk has authoritarian tendencies , whether the us has them too does n't matter . 
  no , but you should create the means for police and intelligence agencies to create one database , preventing someone to leave through spain and come back via austria , because the agencies of those two countries are not connected . 
  i just pointed out that it does n't make sense to call u/yungfambruhgini someone who sounds like someone stuck in an echo chamber . 
  i obviosuly implied that someone who says `` i have lost faith in most popular outlets to inform me in a timely and unbiased fashion about the results of govt . 
  policies . '', 
  + '' i 'll just stick to papers that do not [ ... ] '' . 
  you yourself said that you only consume a certain time of media nowadays . 
  so it 's logical to conclude that you indeed are potentially stuck in an echo chamber . 
  saying `` uhh what about you you r stuck in an echo chamber !!!!! '', 
  just is n't really a mature response and does n't make a lot of sense in this case . 
  faz absolutely has a slight conservative bias . 
  mrs. von storch is probably not personally affiliated with them , but the advertisements on jf and twitter accounts of afd members should give you some clear hints . 
  jf is maybe not the offical party paper , but the de facto one . 
  i did n't say it about you though . 
  you could , but it would n't make a lot of sense . 
  i am mostly alluding to surveillance , the laws surrounding them and how surveillance laws are abused by authorities and i guess the whole banning `` depiction of unconventional sex acts '' . 
  faz is somewhat conservative . 
  junge freiheit is the rag of a party ( nothing wrong with it , every party has one ) , but they should n't claim to be a `` debate magazine '' when they just tell you what mrs. mausgerutscht wants you to think . 
   it 's just factual that most people who want a europe without the ** eu or a similar alternative ** have nationalistic tendencies . 
  uhh , they are on the same level as any other self proclaimmed < political orientation  opinion rag . 
  hardly quality journalism . 
  junge freiheit is the mouthpiece of a political party ; it 's naive to expect anything than an echo chamber . 
  just like liberale.de will tell you what the fdp thinks and bayernkurier.de will tell you why the csu is gr8 and made bavaria great . 
   the doctrine that nations should act independently ( rather than collectively ) to attain their goals how does this not answer your question ? 
  people prefer to have their countries act independently . 
  fairly logical , innit ? 
  ugh , can we start talking about the problems the anglosphere causes without some leftie liberal accusing one of being an anglophobe ? 
  this is why people voted verhofstadt !, 
  nationalism =  `` the doctrine that nations should act independently ( rather than collectively ) to attain their goals '' pretty basic , eh ? 
  can you provide an actual link ? 
  and do you also understand the difference between defending islamists and arguing that people have rights . 
  freedom and people having rights seem to be concepts hard to grasp for some people around here . 
  read the comments above again , you completely missed the topic . 
   the idea of europe without the eu is pretty bad and mostly far-right nationalists want to leave the eu . 
  this is what we are talking about . 
  everything uploaded on tagesschau is something that was broadcasted . 
  tagesschau is the main publicly funded news show . 
  i provided actual examples showing that you are wrong . 
  you answer me without providing anything to back your claim up . 
  i take it that you are pulling everything you say out of your butt ? 
  i 'd argue that the reporting of the public broadcasters is fairly balanced . 
  point is that there is no standardized `` in-and-out registry '' . 
  you can fly from belgium to china and then from china to germany and there is currently no way of stopping that , because police and intelligence agencies all have different databases . 
   the uk does not have an authoritarian government . 
  compared to the rest of the free western world , it does . 
  ( `` for too long , we have been a passively tolerant society , saying to our citizens : as long as you obey the law , we will leave you alone '' - d. cameron ) . 
  big brother is watching you in the uk . 
   stop calling people who disagree with you nationalists . 
  i do n't . 
  it 's just factual that most people who want a europe without the eu or a similar alternative have nationalistic tendencies . 
  well , the majority of british people do n't mind an authoritarian government , so who knows where they are on the political spectrum . 
  point is that the ones screaming loudest are the far right and the far left . 
  other than that he was talking about a europe without the eu , which is in general indeed a stupid idea and mostly spread by nationalists . 
  i am asking you to provide actual examples . 
  looking at tagesschau right now and the only article on trump is this one . 
  http://www.tagesschau.de/ausland/trump-kabinett-aussenminister-101.html and the only one in relation to migrants right now is http://www.tagesschau.de/inland/waffenschein-113.html, 
  uhh , israel is n't really doing much to resolve their conflicts . 
  except that he can easily travel to europe again . 
  considering they obviously are not capable of actually exploding next to someone ? 
  source ? 
  well , there are also far left commies that want to leave the eu . 
  i doubt that anyone defended islamists . 
   people they should n't be doing things , handing out brochures , telling them they 're being immoral for gambling or whatever , is without a question enforcement does that go for everyone trying to advertise for their cause ? 
   reflective vests , a very common uniform of people who 's jobs would anyone anywhere actually mistake the gentlemen on the picture for cops ? 
   i wrote muslims walking around enforcing sharia law like police they were n't enforcing anything though . 
   three people walking around wearing the same reflective vests t three people walking around wearing the same soccer jersey is a uniform too in other countries ? 
   and their uniforms said police on them , hence impersonating police uniforms . 
  except that police would say polizei ? 
  and that they never pretended being actual police ? 
   this is the kind of stuff that the op was alluding to when talking about the germans coming in and telling everyone they 're wrong i do n't know why you/op are so butthurt about germans . 
   muslims walking around enforcing sharia law that 's what you wrote . 
  and the court came to the conclusion that a signal vest with `` shariah police '' does not count as a uniform . 
  there obviously is a law against impersonating police officers in germany , it was the reason there even was a case . 
  why is that ridiculous ? 
  do n't other countries have courts ? 
  wuppertal is in nrw . 
  obviously no one enfored anyhting , that would be n\u00f6tigung and would indeed have legal consequences . 
  are you seriously arguing that people handing out leaflets and talking to people while wearing signal vests should face legal consequences ? 
  arguing that the court ruling is factually right is not an endorsement . 
  i do n't understand the reference .
