   at times like these i wonder how incredibly blind german politicians are ... well , i 'm more of a fdp guy , but that made me seriously consider the spd . 
  pay up , friendos !, 
  flexible solidarity !, 
  choo choo chulz train !, 
  she did n't really insult anyone though ? 
  pretty sure it 's not ahmed who 's been trying to get my 3er to poland . 
   fair enough about european ones , but there are no hate-speech laws in the usa ; people are protected against the first amendment to say literally whatever they want , no matter how incendiary . 
  you are allowed to `` condemn '' and criticize whatever you want in germany too . 
  this article actually supports my claim . 
  `` volksverhetzung '' is not hate speech , it would be more similar to `` group libel '' ( beauharnais v. illinois ) . 
  if speech is  `` directed to inciting or producing imminent lawless action and is likely to incite or produce such action '' it can be forbidden . 
  ( brandenburg v. ohio ) oh and if the us would apply the `` imminent danger '' rule to speech the same way they use it for extra-judicial killings , things would get interesting . 
  merely being a member or associated to a member of a terrorist organization apparently makes you an `` imminent danger to the lives of us-americans and its allies '' . 
  might be the difference between foreign-born population and foreign population . 
   i believe he is referencing your hate-speech laws , which you can of course go to jail for . 
   ( although he is correct if he 's coming from an american perspective ) . 
  he is wrong from a polish perspective ( where he is from ) and wrong from an american perspective too . 
  as a matter of fact german `` hate speech laws '' are less restrictive than polish ones and de facto the same as american ones . 
  there difference is that if you call for a genocide in germany it is assumed that you say what you intent , while in the us you have to prove that he can actually go through with it . 
  that is ignoring all the other little freedom restrictions both in the us and poland . 
  and in the uk . 
  if i am not allowed to talk about freedom in germany , neither someone in the us , poland or the uk is . 
   you 're from a country where you can go to jail for free speech nah , i 'm not . 
   do n't talk about freedom do n't tell me what to do , vermin . 
  freedom sucks i guess . 
   sch\u00e4uble is a old fuck and will be replaced soon anyway ... there is a high chance we germans have soon a red-red-green government no . 
  the chance went from zero to single digits , but it 's not high . 
  sch\u00e4uble will be replaced over my dead body . 
   that 's easy for someone to say when they live in a country that heavily depends on another country for defense . 
  he has a germany flair ya dingus . 
   there are literally dozens of countries that depend directly and indirectly on the us military . 
  not just countries in nato . 
  consider japan , south korea , and taiwan . 
  the us is required by treaty obligations to bolster their defenses and go to war if they are attacked . 
  sounds like that 's sort of your own fucking problem . 
   the us military is n't tasked just with protecting the us . 
  it 's responsibilities are global also sounds like your own fucking problem that you do n't understand the difference between `` defense '' and `` military '' . 
   this is an other thing that the us almost never gets credit for , but is hugely important . 
  we live in an incredibly prosperous era that got that way partly due to the fact that any nation with the means can trade openly with the rest of the world via shipping . 
  it used to be the case that nations needed large navies to protect their shipping lanes but since the us navy exists and keeps those shipping lanes open and free from piracy and military disputes , most nations can instead devote resources to other things , all while enjoying open , unfettered trade anyway sure , but that 's also in the interest of the us anyway . 
   the same people who are complaining about the us president simply criticizing the state of nato are the same people who would lose their minds if the us cut its military spending . 
  that 's absolutely wrong . 
   if the us cuts its military budget and coincidentally started reducing and withdrawing its assets from its allies ' countries sounds like the problem of the us and countries that rely on the us . 
  good thing it only applies to like 5 or 6 countries in europe who ca n't afford what they need anyway . 
  norway maybe could with their oil money . 
  but the baltics ca n't , whether they spend 2 % or 10 % of their gdp . 
  and it was the us who insisted and still insists on taking anyone in . 
  also [ let 's take a look at what uncle donald says . 
  ] ( https://www.whitehouse.gov/america-first-foreign-policy ) hmm ...  next , we will rebuild the american military . 
  our navy has shrunk from more than 500 ships in 1991 to 275 in 2016 . 
  our air force is roughly one third smaller than in 1991 . 
  president trump is committed to reversing this trend , because he knows that our military dominance must be unquestioned . 
  lmao . 
  that does n't even make sense . 
   nobody needs useless rockets , or a dozen jet planes , right , that 's why no one took any of all the useless nazi tech and no one uses jet planes or long range missiles . 
  technically the wehrmacht was n't even much bigger or better than france 's army alone , yet it took quite a few empires and countries to defeat them . 
   no matter how stupid ~ ~ europeans ~ ~ brits and french get , the us still supports their military endeavors , consider the recent ~ ~ western intervention ~ ~ us/uk/france fuck-up in libya showed again that ~ ~ europe ~ ~ uk/france depends on the us militarily . 
  you deserve some sausages to munch on !, 
  all these salty federalists ( everyone is a federalist apparently ? ), 
  and yet you alone contributed ( - once again - ) several comments about how all the `` federalists '' are just jealous/mad/salty . 
  along with a few other folks rambling about all the continentals and federalists . 
   if i had to choose id also prefer beeing a vassal state of the us rather than germany :(, 
  why not ? 
  more warm bodies to throw at everyone trying to fight our 4th empire !, 
  well , you showed your true colors towards the uk . 
  so spiteful !, 
  you are just mad they do n't want to be a state of yours !, 
   criticism is all great & all , but the combined effect of stability from nato & liquidity injections from the marshall plan just ca n't be ignored even as you try to shove it under the rug i do n't , i am just trying to clear up misconceptions . 
  it is pretty common that people think that germany 's economic success is mostly based on the marshall plan . 
  you seem to be the one trying to sweep the fact that the us got more in return under the rug though . 
  we also already had that conversation , i am not sure why you want to have it again . 
  the incredible disrespect towards the queen of england showcased here is astonishing and really eye opening . 
  glad the uk does n't have to deal with you colony inhabitants anymore . 
  jealous peasants , they never should have even colonized you . 
  god bless the queen . 
   i ca n't really imagine how he would react to that . 
  take a look at gambia 's jammeh . 
  [ wirtschaftswunder ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wirtschaftswunder ) [ marshall plan modern criticism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marshall_plan#modern_criticism ), 
  the difference that trump is openly hostile and that iraq was more of a disagreement is still there . 
  it 's not fair to compare schr\u00f6der 's position on the invasion of iraq to trump 's statements on germany and the eu . 
  it 's not like anyone in the german government or a majority of germans are looking to align themselves to russia or china , but it might be the only choice if trump mindlessly acts on whatever bannon and farage tell him . 
  you said eu though , not eurozone countries . 
  and the point still stands , plenty of people from certain countries pretending like the eu is not their responsibility . 
   tried to trade us in for putin & refused to back us in iraq . 
  that 's not what happened . 
  the us was clearly wrong about iraq . 
  france , germany and russia all openly said that you were wrong and that an invasion is wrong . 
  as a matter of fact , if you had listened to your actual allies who do n't just follow you into the abyss you could have saved yourselves a lot of grief . 
  and that 's ignoring that even putin 's buddy schr\u00f6der still provided a lot of passive support . 
  remind me of the time schr\u00f6der spilled ww1 era propaganda at the us . 
  if you ca n't come up with any , maybe do n't compare schr\u00f6der to trump . 
  the fact that especially the us and the uk , and sometimes france ( in libyas case ) just mindlessly follow each other is an incredibly bad thing . 
  you should be grateful that there is a country that points out whenever you are about to do something dumb . 
   we did n't our abandon the alliance with france when they got caught spying on us multiple times . 
  that 's nice , but we did n't either . 
   since when was the eu co-organising globalisation ? 
  ** they ** ca n't even organise their own currency . 
  the eu is not some obscure separate organization . 
  the uk is still part of it and the failures of the eu are also the failures of the uk . 
  especially considering the uk is one of the 5 larger members of it .
