   having no decent plan to deal with refugees once they are here , or rescued from the med . 
  you mean like ... everyone ? 
   you yourself are blaming the border nations , it 's not their problem it 's everyones . 
  yep , that 's why everyone is contributing a lot to solve the crisis not just the 4 countries i mentioned . 
  got ta be fucking shitting me ; the audacity to pretend like germany did n't save your dumb asses at least temporarily . 
  the uk is one of the biggest reasons there is no eu-wide solution . 
  because it 's a historic beautiful old warehouse . 
  but building it on top of an old historic warehouse is sort of the point ? 
  also the designers were french and japanese i think . 
  yes , but your asylum claim would most likely be denied and the us would cooperate even if you do n't have your papers . 
  things would get complicated if you could actually make a case or if the us might execute you . 
  https://www.everipedia.com/andr%25c3%25a9_shepherd/ http://www.faz.net/aktuell/politik/us-soldat-andre-shepherd-bekommt-kein-asyl-in-deutschland-14532101.html, 
  the soviet union got womens rights right because of the prevalent communist ideology , which is n't exactly big anymore . 
  looks like the islamisation is in full progress in rossija . 
  ffs merkel, 
  if you say so . 
  edgy !, 
  okay , makes sense !, 
  uhh yeah ... you sort of do . 
  one guy with five women can pump out a lot more kids and way faster than five guys and one woman . 
  hahahahah cucks !, 
  mooslems !, 
  lol xd checkoslabarabia !!!!, 
  hahaha that absolute madman !!!, 
  great banter !, 
  it 's the only german politician/person people know . 
  this is / r/europe though so why the fuck would anything about hillary clinton be here in the first place ? 
   merkel and her government indeed spends tremendous amount publicity on meeting with immigrants lol, 
  it was inevitable that all the mooslems kill each other !, 
  they have been doing it for a long time !, 
  white mans burden !, 
  person living close to hillary and knows her is a big fan of hillary and runs into hillary and takes picture with hillary . 
  impossible !, 
  clearly a setup . 
  or maybe the fact that they have actually met each other before and live close to each other actually makes it more likely that the hiker-lady is n't an actor . 
  but what do i know . 
  other than that ... who cares ? 
  you apparently do n't know what a strawman is . 
  it got russia and cyprus wrong though . 
  ok , i will tell them . 
  nice strawmano you got there amigo . 
  the us has been more or less an oligarchy for the last 40 or 50 years and there are one or two more steps to become a democracy other than a dictatorship of the majority . 
  jokes on you , germany is always better . 
   collection of people who may not value women rights as much i do n't think blaming eastern and southern euros is fair :(, 
   texaneagle92 yank-flair ) ) ), 
  yes , easy as that  incompetent people everywhere as it seems . 
  cool , but all the plans one might have are worthless if you ca n't make them reality . 
  lol , 
  sorry , but as i said '' only permitting applications for asylum from outside the eu '' is nothing germany is against , but it 's just one of those pipe-dreams that is n't going to get realized . 
  and everything else like `` calls for an eu migration ceiling based on limits set by member states '' is just dumb and actually increases the problem . 
  like yeah ... we need to reduce the number of refugees ... how innovative ... 
  yeah , incredibly innovative . 
  got ta be shitting me . 
  not sure if you are being serious , but germany implementing a cap on refugees would just end up with refugees in spain , france , italy , austria , hungary , the balkans , bulgaria and greece . 
  i do n't really understand the logic behind it . 
  every country imposes a hard cap and suddenly refugees will dissolve into thin air ? 
  seriously wtf . 
  and then some nonsaying pipedream solutions . 
  also germany is not against anything that actually reduces the refugees coming , like how delusional can you be to pretend like any other country is currently doing more to solve the problem than germany ? 
  and who the fuck is going to make sure all the pipe-dreams are going to become reality ? 
  it 's certainly not going to be austria . 
  jesus christ , an outside the eu facility !, 
  how innovative . 
  totally not the same shit even merkel said like 2 years ago ... 
  considering it 's you , / u/tacobenderz , i feel like i have to inform you that there indeed are other oil vendors , but not as many comparable customers ... 
  this ( and the dialect ) is the reason no one takes austria seriously . 
  * cars, 
  except that if the us is going to go for a trade war with germany it 's probably going for a trade war with the rest of the world and the relationship goes both ways . 
  let 's see the us do the whole trade war thing with mexico and china first before starting a trade war with germany and by that with the eu , okay cowboy ? 
  you are either a troll or clueless , trump is a gift to germany . 
  the worst he can do to germany is crash his own economy . 
  not even erdo\u011fan manages to piss off merkel , because she is a grown-up who does n't divide the world into `` frendz and dishonest enemies '' . 
  wat trump is either going to do business as usual or losing a whole bunch of friendos , muchacho . 
  he 's probably one of them !, 
  it only makes sense to stop buying russky oil as soon as they actually overstep a boundary and it 's not a primary interest to see russia completely crash , it 's a last resort . 
  if he did n't think that more sanctions are a possibility russia would probably be a teensy bit more aggressive and open about what they are doing . 
  why does he bother sitting down to negotiate if he does n't care ? 
  i have honestly never read anything from anyone who took a look at the merkel/putin relationship and came to the conclusion that putin sees merkel as weak , pretty much everything i have read points to most people thinking that merkel is the only person who has something to say in the western world he is wary of . 
  not sure what 's funny about it . 
  both are known to do whatever they want and to take little time to decide . 
  also putin is considered a macho despite being a 1 meter manlet . 
  oh right , it 's impossible to buy oil elsewhere . 
  and russia is the one who has a lot of other potential customers ... , 
   you get your ass kicked every single day . 
  you and i have a very different understanding of `` ass-kicking '' . 
  `` oh lol u slightly afraid of doggos here is pupper axaxaxa '' - `` he 's afraid of his own weakness . 
  russia has nothing , no successful politics or economy . 
  all they have is this . '', 
  what exactly was his strong-man response to that ? 
  did n't he retaliate ? 
  what a weakling ... 
  except that russia economically relies on germany ( and the eu ) and without merkel the eu sanctions would be a lot less severe or possibly non-existent . 
  if germany ( and the rest of the eu ) stop buying russky oil little vlad will have a problem . 
  russia has 0 actual leverage when it comes to germany . 
  yeah , kohl and schr\u00f6der and everyone in the cdu who had hopes to rise anywhere thought so too , yet she is the only one at the top . 
  so meek , so weak , yet all the machos are out of the game . 
  talk shit , flair up . 
  i am not sure if you are being serious , but the kind of people you are talking about are probably not virtuous muslims who regularly donate , do n't do any drugs / drink alcohol , do n't gamble and fast . 
  would you and the rest be less upset if i wrote western european cities with streets/plazas with a lot of people present , but not a lot of police presence ? 
  it does n't have anything to do with immigration , but this is reddit and all we do here is having `` discussions '' about how ~ ~ muslims ~ ~ islamist-invader-rapefugees are the scum of earth .
