  yep , first thing that goes into crime statistics is the religion of the perpetrator . 
  maybe i should relativize and say relationship between germany and russia , not relationship between every butthurt former soviet state and rossija . 
  regardless of that there is still a lot of cooperation and while the relationship is slightly tense , it is far from being hostile or unreasonable . 
   tv feed 'em with negative propaganda for minimally 2 yrs straight . 
  more like 15 years . 
  still destroys credibility . 
  i was asking for clarification too . 
  the cooperation between germany and russia was excellent before the ukraine thing and is still alright though . 
  you just answered a question with a question too and your question is n't even related to the topic . 
  how is it unhealthy ? 
  the relation with russia is fairly healthy right now imo . 
  elaborate . 
  would n't want him as german chancellor either . 
  it wo n't help you either . 
  kurz as foreign minister in germany would be disastrous . 
  and he is hardly a problem solver . 
  especially compared to mommy m. 
  not sure if you are being serious tbh . 
   at least he tries to solve the problems of refugees in some way instead of worsening it or denying that there even is one . 
  no he is n't . 
   germany does need someone like him unless they also want a fp\u00d6 of their own . 
  no we do n't . 
  great , but that still would n't make him a good fit for germany or nrw . 
  i see you are well informed and i am just a naive and stoooooped sheeple !, 
  thank you for your input !, 
  i did n't `` admit '' anything . 
   actually the authoritarian culture in germany was a big part of the problem back then , and that is still very much intertwined in the culture today . 
   liberal media has a habit of doing that to people they wish to frame as strange outsiders , it 's the snark bubble they exist and thrive in opposed to all the nationalistic authoritarian opinion rags that exclusively use flattering pictures of everyone , no matter how they want their readership to feel about them . 
  that 's also not what he said and not the point . 
  no idea how what you are saying right now is even related to the topic . 
  a big eared goof trying to appeal to the electorate by making `` tough '' statements ? 
  kurz is good at saying what people think , but not a good diplomat . 
  that 's not what he said though ; no idea how you are now jumping to `` international affairs and related policy '' . 
  because the csu pushed the topic in public and made those demands in public and also made threats regarding the election in public . 
  yeah , but the suggestion of mr. seehofer was `` let 's make an upper limit of 200.000 refugees a year '' which is by itself not an actual solution . 
  merkel has probably done a lot more than any other country in the eu to actually reduce the number of people arriving and is the one dealing with all the african countries trying to get them to cooperate more . 
  demanding an upper limit is just a way to say `` gotcha ! '', 
  and a way to try to raise ones profile . 
  / s tag needed for that , my homeboi . 
   you can not talk about some things in the netherlands without being killed hope the situation improves asap !, 
   having an opinion there are too many migrants in a country is fine yeah , but that 's not what he said . 
  what a poor guy . 
  maybe it 's because they are dismantling democratic institutions and trying to concentrate power . 
   no upper limit to refugee intake an upper limit is not a solution and not possible to enforce within the boundaries of international law . 
  does n't have anything to do with political orientation to reject a meaningless `` doing things for the sake of doing things '' suggestion put forward by a clown who wants to appeal to his electorate . 
  no she is n't . 
  yes , everyone is obliged to sing waka waka each morning so the muzzlemen are not offended . 
  yes , you are a real rebel fighting against censorship . 
  keep up the good work , patriot . 
  o7 o7 o7 o7 o7 no idea what we would do without brave patriots uncovering the truth !, 
  rebel media 4 life !!, 
  but but merkel liberal left sjw !!!!!!, 
  use the / s dude , people might think you are being serious . 
  gut feelings of the cdu . 
  people in civil unions enjoy the same benefits married people do except when it comes to joint adoption . 
  in other words a de facto commie !, 
  you are obviously trying to reinterpret everything to fit into your commie-worldview . 
   it has deteriorated into a single-issue movement : lower taxes . 
  that 's not true though . 
  [ lower taxes are n't even part of their program ? 
  ] ( https://www.fdp.de/position/steuern ) [ taxes do n't even seem to be a central problem for them right now ] ( https://www.fdp.de/seite/themen ), 
  if someone is not doing his job you surely are allowed to call that out ? 
  well , the chancellor is obviously the head of government , but general policy and the positions during the election campaign are decided by the party . 
  well , different people may represent different values , but they are supposed to represent the party and single people do n't decide the policy . 
   hungary was only a small part of the whole event . 
   how many would have started the journey if germany had taken a tougher stand against immigration in mid 2015 ? 
  pretty sure merkel was getting ripped for being `` ice-cold '' and making that refugee girl cry . 
  the plans are decided by the party not by the front-runner . 
  they are not more of a joke than the greens , the left and the spd . 
  the difference is that the fdp actually switched out all their leading members . 
  it 's not true . 
  except that the bulk of refugees was on the balkan route before germany decided to let the ones stranded in hungary in , not afterwards . 
  except that they have to deal with people trying to come anyway . 
  why would only the cdu block that ? 
  and why would you want popular referendums on a federal level ? 
   greece has to deal with tens of thousands of immigrants because we told the world we 'd accept anyone . 
  i ca n't believe people are actually still spilling that bullshit . 
   a good listener is my impression . 
  interesting , because everyone says that being good at listening to others is one of the defining characteristics of merkel . 
  the vast majority of refugees actually never got relocated in the first place . 
  out of the 160.000 that eu states promised to take from italy and greece , around 8000 actually got relocated . 
  does n't have anything to do with political orientation . 
  one is leftist media leading to nothing . 
  another one is state run media targeting russian-germans leading to them protesting and to diplomatic friction . 
  [ l ] ( http://www.swp.de/imgs/04/9/4/3/3/6/8/8/2f630705c928fa89.jpg ) [ o ] ( https://www.welt.de/img/kultur/mobile152696236/6847931797-coriginal-wwidth/supporters-of-the-anti-islam-movement-pegida-carry-german-and-russian-flags-duri.jpg ) [ l ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/e/e9/pegida_fahnen_13.4.2015_dresden.jpg ), 
  itt : de facto russian shills . 
  in that case there are also mobile special needs teachers . 
  * deals made by mommy for europoors who ca n't do shit by themselves work . 
  but muh freedum and muh rites !, 
   eh , there are cases where it can prove useful . 
  like disabilities , or language barrier . 
  there are special schools for those though . 
   they are alle melting into a sed type party . 
  it doesn \u00b4 t matter for whom you vote really . 
  [ ... ] reach 50,1 % in elections politikverdrossenheit + no idea how system works . 
  plausible . 
  she got 88,4 % in 2004 . 
  they de facto do n't have the same influence though . 
  following your logic the vote 's value depends on the actual influence a party has and there would also be a difference between the vote for a government party and parliamentary opposition party . 
  government vote  parliamentary opposition vote  extra-parliamentary opposition vote,
