  no , so far i have just been told `` nothing happened '' . 
  i do n't speak dutch . 
   im gon na beat you to a bloody pulp k. 
  feel free to actually refute anything i said with some source . 
  also it is a fact that in france several nuclear reactors are off the grid currently and they have to import energy . 
  it 's not an allegation or demonstably false . 
  it is the reality . 
  no problem , but has to be repaired and is not active . 
  nothing to see here !, 
  okay , after the 5th time someone just said `` nonono all not troooo '' i am convinced . 
  nothing ever happens !, 
  nothing to see here !, 
  why . 
  they clearly are n't even real terrorists and probably not a danger anymore . 
  and there are a lot more factors that temper than aggravating factors . 
   this never happened obviously . 
  nothing ever happened . 
  it is all going as planned . 
  keep calm , move on . 
  nothing to see here !, 
   you have no idea how insulting this is . 
  i actually have . 
  the money they paid was n't a fine , they did it voluntarily and 850 euro exceeds what he earns and can spend in a month by far and it covers the damage done by the fire . 
  this and the fact that it was also their first offense tempers the sentence . 
  other than that it would n't have mattered whether they did it out of spite for israel or out of spite for jews so arguing about whether you feel the punishment is `` fair '' or whatever is a whole different topic . 
  oh and they snitched on others . 
  and they were drunk when at the time of the deed . 
  i offered two links . 
  if it is the safest then why the hell did they plan to close it down in 2015 and only left it running because they do n't have a alternative ? 
  why the fuck is it closed down half the time if it is well run ? 
  slavic culture . 
  technically ukraine is the mini-rossija , but poland is the european-russia . 
   do you think ddr was a `` mini frg '' ? 
  i mean ... yeah ? 
   on 12 december 2016 engie electrabel announced that tihange-1 could not be restarted before 15 february 2017 . 
  the original date planned was 31 december 2016 . 
  [ 19 ] the reconstruction works could not be completed in time . 
   nobody said that , you exaggerate . 
  it is the general sentiment though that you can see in every thread regarding `` nuclear energy + germany '' . 
  if you do n't feel like unreliability and security issues are not problems that 's fine , but not a good argument . 
   and where would these plants be ? 
  i 'm not aware of any such plants in europe . 
  belgium and france ... tihange is a prime example . 
  also there are more factors than price and emissions and i was clearly not talking about either of those two factors so you just built a nice strawman . 
   i do n't care if it was antisemitism or not . 
  the fact is they wanted to scare a part of the civilian population . 
  which was considered . 
  i literally quoted it you dingus . 
   the perpetrators got it easy and the court legitimised terror as a valid political statement . 
  wrong and wrong . 
  we are talking about targeted killings not a war . 
  you would n't send a whole army in the first place . 
  feel free to elaborate or refute . 
   there 's a reason the deal sparked mass protests in the us and the pacific rim . 
  yeah , the same reason people protested against ttip and ceta . 
  people are uninformed . 
  i see that you disagree , but i think it 's fair to say that poland is a watered down version of russia . 
  did i answer to your comment ? 
  under the surface ? 
  resent ? 
  i honestly think it 's open pity and a bit of head-shaking nowadays . 
  it 's actually common among eastern germans to talk about the good old socialist days though . 
  also poland is just mini-russia anyway so i do n't really see the problem . 
  that would be cool for africa and for people currently alive , but would suck for future generations . 
  but while solar is n't as effective in germany , the money germany poured into the research and development of solar is still a major contribution to stopping the planet from going to shit , because thanks to the new solar tech the good people of africa might have a chance at some more sweet energy without producing a whole lot of emissions and at the same time some of that sweet sweet gdp growth . 
  the only way for germany to further reduce emissions would be ze nukular which is at best a subpar mid-term solution and at worst a really shit short-term `` solution '' and is at the needed rate not possible long-term . 
  i mean yeah . 
  either you send in a special forces team to either kill or capture the target or you manage to use a drone without killing anyone else . 
  or you just let him be because chances are that he or she is n't an acute threat . 
  or at least do n't act surprised when killing innocent people elsewhere might motivate someone connected to them or that region to kill innocent people on your own turf . 
  i 'm not an expert on the thing , but i think there are some nice irish gents who bombed you for that attitude so i guess they disagree . 
  well , leaving out all the problems of extrajudicial killings , there would probably be less criticism if it was an actually precise killing , not a `` maybe we got the guy , but we also got a few dozen other people lol '' . 
  because that kind of `` whoops , collateral damage '' does the exact opposite of what you are trying to achieve . 
  are we talking about [ tihange ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tihange_nuclear_power_station ) ? 
  should we discuss [ the little problem france currently has with their energy production ] ( http://www.tagesschau.de/ausland/energieversorgung-frankreich-101.html ) ? 
  or does n't that fit the `` germans r so stooped , nucular energy is basically magic , r dey scared off mutationz or whut lol xd '' narrative ? 
  i do n't understand why people always bring up french and belgian nuclear reactors when arguing pro nuclear energy , they seem to be prime examples of some of the problems . 
  no one is scared of living next to a plant because nuclear energy is scary in general , they just do n't feel like having a shitty faulty one right next to them that does n't even reach basic security requirements and is obviously not run by competent people . 
  tl ; dr : while they wanted to scare the jewish they did n't do it out of antisemitism . 
  no word that it is `` israel criticism '' . 
  they are both from palestine , one of them is stateless for 15 years now and has had asylum in germany for 15 years . 
  his parents were killed in gaza . 
  it 's absolutely fair to assume that he did it out of spite towards israel , not that he himself is an anit-semite . 
  i know that anti-german sentiment is really popular on / r/europe , but everyone jumping on the german hate train should maybe learn german or shut up as long as he does n't even understand the source . 
  i wonder why ... 
  lol . 
   you ca n't privatize the military . 
  [ you actually can . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/private_military_company ), 
  i do n't see how tying it to budget is any worse than tying it to gdp when talking about `` commitment '' . 
  it would in general make more sense to use more than one factor though . 
   but there 's an assumption that the militaries of countries , given resources , will use them as best they can , not intentionally waste them . 
  i honestly assume that quite a few countries see it as a way to boost their own economy . 
   it has no power to dictate to members on what they can spend that 's my point . 
  maybe you can elaborate . 
  truly a gold mine . 
   that 's the thing about us , we do n't just defend ourselves . 
  which is the point . 
  some countries have a `` defense '' budget . 
  others have a `` geopolitical enforcer '' budget .
