   nations that only defend themselves are kinda worthless to anyone else . 
  okay . 
  would absolutely love to tbh , but it seems like you are the one getting out . 
  also pretty sure everyone is holding up their end . 
   hope that you at least feel good about yourself i really do . 
  i hope you are doing great too , 
  most threads on reddit are , but / r/europe is always fun , especially when the yanks join the fun . 
  we have to defend ourselves at the hindukush !, 
  my life would be just as cushy even if germany tripled its military spending . 
  i honestly think it 's hilarious that americans on the one hand are willing to concede that their living conditions could use a lot of improvement , but the responsibility to have a better life is not theirs , but the evil freeloading socialist europoors . 
  your account may be 2 years old , but i got 5 times as much karma . 
  maybe you are the troll ? 
  yeah , angela merkel the potential terrorist . 
  lol . 
  here , take an \u00fc . 
  also do n't call mommy a hag . 
  i did n't realize sk and taiwan are yank-soil . 
  it 's not a deterrent if you use it to further your influence elsewhere in the world . 
  that would be part of `` geopolitical games '' . 
  should be more or less any country tbh . 
  at least in this case . 
   holy shit , you 're thick as a brick . 
  have a good day . 
   be careful what you wish for . 
  you too . 
  fyi germany is n't going to suddenly start spending more , the rough amount of spending for the next 25 years has been planned 5 years ago . 
  you ca n't just suddenly double your spending and expect something constructive anyway and the moaning of the us for the last 10 years is somewhat annoying especially because germany has contributed more to a bunch of nato mission that have nothing to do with `` defense '' than it should have . 
  it would mostly stay in germany/spain/italy / france because of their military industries though . 
  well , you can spend 1 % of your gdp on something but it can be 20 % of your budget and the 2nd biggest chunk of your budget or you can spend 1 % of your gdp on something but it might be 10 % of your budget and it is the 3rd biggest chunk of your budget . 
  it does more to show `` commitment '' than using % of gdp as measurement , gdp is not money you can actually spend , your budget is . 
   they could conquer the world if that were the case ... no they could n't and maybe the us military also serves as deterrent , but it 's not the main purpose . 
  good argument , i got downvotes therefore i am stupid and wrong . 
  you convinced me that coal suffocates people and nuclear waste possibly contaminating ground water is a lie . 
  i highly doubt that . 
  it should be percentage of budget , not percentage of gdp at the very least . 
  and honestly nato is obsolete for the majority of countries in it anyway , except the us , the baltics , greece and turkey . 
  the reality is that nato does n't offer a lot to the netherlands or germany . 
  nice arguments you got there again . 
  ignorance is bliss . 
  well , the only countries that might legitimately need nato for defensive purposes are the baltics , greece and turkey . 
  ironically greece only needs it because of turkey who are a nato member because of the us likes their geographic position . 
  i can also assure you that eu - us relations can get a lot colder . 
  edit : norway , denmark and canada need nato too for their artic claims . 
  the us is also the only country that has dragged the rest of nato into fun wars . 
  the budget is everyone 's own thing and it 's not appropriate to tell others how to spend their germoneys . 
  it should be about % of budget not % of gdp anyway . 
  also you could just raise the wages of uniformed personnel and hit the `` goal '' , but i guess that would n't be cool . 
  no , the us does n't maintain its military as a deterrent . 
  it maintains it to boost its economy and to meddle around the world and for geopolitical games . 
  finnland and israel are countries that maintain their militaries as deterrent and actually need it . 
  it 's actually a problem elsewhere too . 
  i understand figures of speech , you are the one who obviously does n't . 
  read the above comments again , especially the one you just answered to . 
  they ca n't even afford an own airforce i highly doubt that they can afford a credible nuclear deterrent . 
  there is a reason those nuclear programmes get upgraded and i also doubt that they would be given away for free , no one has yet gifted a few jets and the logistics surrounding it to the baltics either . 
  there 's also just the international pressure . 
  no one is interested in more countries making nukes . 
  you completely missed the point . 
  it is factually right that atomic waste storage in germany has not been solved and that there is a decent chance that it can contaminate the ground water . 
  it is factually wrong that coal suffocates people . 
  if you want to argue about something you have to argue based on facts . 
  saying coal suffocates people is the same as saying that living nearby an atomic reactor makes you a mutant . 
  it 's just not something you can base a discussion on and it is just plain wrong . 
  right , most of the money would stay in germany/spain/italy / france anyway . 
  yes , but there is still a difference between everyone suffocating and a slightly higher chance to get a lung disease , especially considering there are more factors than just coal playing a role there . 
  it is also a really dumb and useless figure of speech , if he and people here actually knew the difference between lung cancer and suffocating they could have just written that . 
  instead it 's the reddit bite reflex at work . 
  also you did n't say anything about hyperboles above and just said i am `` wrong '' and `` salty '' . 
  do you understand that lung cancer and suffocation is not the same thing ? 
  uhh , that 's honestly not true . 
  you can replace most of the things the us currently offers with a few measly billions and at least in germany you would n't even have to make noticeable cuts anywhere or raise taxes . 
  also it 's not like the whole contintent has to be protected , just one or two measly baltic countries which are n't really threatened anyway . 
  yeah or you know ... being able to do all the shenanigans in the middle east which would have been slightly harder without bases in europe and turkey and a bunch of bootlicking eastern european satellite states . 
  oh and it 's not like they had to spend more just to `` defend '' europe , they just used what they had anyway to gain influence . 
  a pretty good deal and the reason there is going to be business as usual concerning nato . 
  sorry , the whole thing is a lot more complex than `` letting in middle eastern immigrants '' and i understand that it 's an aspect , but reducing the whole thing to `` letting in migrants '' is really cheap . 
   you are a very ignorant person and apparently , quite proud of it . 
  not all brown people are the same and there were many groups fighting in afghanistan . 
  once you get a basic formal education you might be brought up to speed . 
  pretty rich to talk about education as an american , but in the end of the day the us propped up the sunnis whom they now have problems with and calling me ignorant and stupid does n't change that . 
  feel free to elaborate on how mohammed omar actually is n't an afghani muhajideen and how he actually is n't a terrorist . 
  or just call me ignorant and stupid again , that also always works when you are n't able to actually make a point . 
   you did . 
  [ hey , sorry if your angry about that whole nazi removal thing . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5njhaa/us_tanks_and_troops_in_poland_a_threat_russia_says/dccfomf/ ) nah , i think it was you , bud . 
   see ? 
  you 're welcome . 
  funneh lolol you really showed me !!, 
  it can be in the eu and a russian front yard at the same time though . 
  the soviets are n't responsible for the 2001 afghanistan war . 
  period . 
  the soviets invaded and sided with the communists , the yanks did n't invade because it would have been an open war and instead propped up `` freedom fighters '' / the same islamist sunni terrorists they had problems with later . 
  just because there is some bite reflex to blame russians for everything does n't make them responsible for everything . 
  you answered to the wrong comment i guess . 
  i personally think the reddit circlejerk on nuclear energy and coal is hilarious . 
  there are pro and contra arguments , but people seem to be fairly desperate to pretend like nuclear energy is some kind of magic without downsides . 
  but that 's what i said above . 
  well , the future of the eu is in the hand of eu-countries that are n't germany so keep doing what you are doing . 
  that will help you in the long run . 
  i am not wrong though .
