  then the value of votes for a party that does n't end up in the government is also worth less than the vote of someone who voted for a government party . 
   last elections , roughly 15 % of the votes were nullified . 
  not democratic . 
  except that all of them got more funding per vote than the parties that got into the parliament . 
  is that unfair too ? 
  yep , you did n't understand what gleich means in this context . 
  the austrian flag is a big minus for me !, 
   a party entering parliament does not equal a party entering government . 
  both a separate things . 
  i know , but it 's a possibility and fraktionen have certain rights in the parliament . 
   the 5 % barrier is a violation of the gleich/every vote must count equal . 
  maybe in this case , you didn \u00b4 t pay to much attention in school ... ;-) because this is like 7th or 8th grade stuff . 
  no it is not . 
  everyones vote is worth 1 . 
  by your logic a vote for any non-government party would be worth `` less '' . 
  you either did n't pay attention , did n't understand what gleich means in this context or your teacher was shit . 
   its not . 
  in the weimar republic for example we are not the weimar republic though . 
  and the number of actual delegates can vary quite a bit . 
   come on . 
  now you are trolling . 
  i have explained it more than one time now , read my other posts . 
  i do n't really understand how you measure democracy . 
  i would argue that a party that only got 2 % of the vote becoming part of the government and heavily influencing policies in certain sectors does not make things more `` democratic '' . 
  they do n't even have to be part of the government to fuck things up , every 2 % ( or 1 % ? 
  party would be its own parliamentary party . 
   the lower the barrier , the more democratic it is . 
  why ? 
   since you don \u00b4 t have an infinite number of delegates , you always have a certain amount of votes you need to get for one delegate . 
  that 's actually wrong . 
   even with no barrier , you still need a certain amount of votes to get a delegate . 
  so there would be a barrier anyway . 
   2 % of all voters should be enough to justify representation . 
  why 2 % ? 
  why not 1 % ? 
   i thought we were discussing latinos , not african-americans . 
  the comment you replied to :  can confirm . 
  blacks in usa cause mqny more problems than muslims . 
  _  immigration problems , yes i mean , illegal immigration seemed to be a pretty big topic in the us . 
   same is true for the afd . 
  i mean yeah , but it does n't support your point . 
   it isn \u00b4 t , but it also shouldn \u00b4 t necessary . 
  if there are n't enough people that share a certain view , that view  so the people who voted for them are either angry or disengaged , which are both bad things . 
  most likely they will not vote for them in the future again . 
  which would be their problem . 
  completely spot on except the fact that refugees and immigrants are not the same and that the us is not a magic fairytale place where everyone lives in harmony . 
  i mean you are seriously telling us the racial tensions in the us are something to be jealous of ? 
   to put it plainly , would you rather have polish people migrate to your country en masse , people of similar cultural values to you , or would you rather have people from the middle east that share very little in common with you and some not even respecting german institutions , migrate en masse to germany ? 
  nice , you outed yourself as clueless . 
   i am just disagreeing with the idea that the situations across the ocean are comparable . 
  i am half latin myself , i find the idea laughable that people so similar to americans are supposedly so difficult to integrate . 
  that is like suggesting that the dutch could n't integrate into germany if they decided to migrate en masse . 
  what the fuck does that even have to do with  europe wishes it had the problems america has . 
  [ ... ] likewise with latinos , there is really no integration problem with latinos in the united states . 
  they learn english . 
   to climb up the ladder , you have to assimilate and give up your views to a certain degree . 
  oh wow you ca n't force your views on everyone else . 
  who would have guessed ?!, 
   both only managed to do so because of extraordinary circumstance and historical events . 
  the greens went several years without getting into the parliament . 
   its already burned , as you are wasting your vote on it . 
  no vote is wasted . 
   when the fdp was thrown out of the parliament , did you see a new , liberal party forming , that could take its place ? 
  there are several other liberal parties . 
  why should it be normal for a party to just jump to 5 % ? 
   another example : alfa is a party formed by afd members who lost the party after its turn towards the right . 
  even though alfa got 1 % in the elections in baw\u00fc that does n't support your point . 
  people formed a new party based on their view and gathered a certain amount of people with similar views . 
  they got money for that and maybe they can gather more people in the future . 
  you got ta be shitting me . 
  uhh ... wild guess : the southern indian one ? 
  i do n't really understand what i am supposed to be jealous of then ? 
  people eligible to vote in germany do n't have to be adressed in another language . 
  this mayor is actually catholic . 
  seems to clash a bit with  europe wishes it had the problems america has . 
  [ ... ] likewise with latinos , there is really no integration problem with latinos in the united states . 
  they learn english . 
   forming new parties with realistic chances to get into parliament is basically impossible with the 5 % barrier . 
  greens managed to and the afd will probably manage to do it too . 
  also extra-parliamentary opposition is a thing . 
   and in the big parties , fighting against the established structures ( which you have to do if you want change ) is an almost impossible task . 
  that might be your impression , but that 's not a real argument . 
  english and french are both official languages in canada though . 
  not sure how you can compare those two cases . 
  is that why a presidential candidate has to campaign in spanish ? 
  i mean anyone can organize themselves in parties . 
  you just have to find enough like minded people . 
   europe wishes it had the problems america has . 
  [ ... ]  likewise with latinos , there is really no integration problem with latinos in the united states . 
  ** they learn english . 
  ** please put an / s on that , people might think you are being serious . 
   why exactly ? 
  _  it is doubtful you can still move things in the current parties . 
   i am studying political science in university right now as my secondary subject , and parties are a major topic . 
  _  it is doubtful you can still move things in the current parties . 
  something does n't check out . 
   no , he/she has to be both realistic and charismatic . 
  apparently not . 
   it is doubtful you can still move things in the current parties . 
  lets not be this arrogant .
