  also juice and cordials . 
  tea and herbal teas , and i do believe we consume the most coffee per capita in the world !, 
  * common condiments - mustard , ketchup . 
  my husband loves buying weird condiments so we have often have brown sauce ( aka hp ) , worcestershire , loads of different oils and vinegars , various horrible hot sauces and weird fruity concoctions . 
  i like to always have pesto at home - good with lots of things . 
  * when it comes to pasta do you buy dry pasta/canned sauce or make from scratch ? 
  - i 've never made pasta . 
  usually always use dry , sometimes buy fresh ( available everywhere ) for a quick meal . 
  for sauce it varies , sometimes i use a canned sauce as a base . 
  * common alcoholic beverages ? 
  - beer , cider , wine , vodka and akvavit . 
  also a finnish peculiarity called `` long drink '' which is a supposed to be gin and grape soda . 
  * smoked food - oh yes !, 
  both fish and meat ( and sausage ) . 
  and both cold and hot smoked . 
  smoked reindeer is especially delicious , but i actually prefer smoked horse - both tend to be pretty expensive . 
  surely you mean goosefat ? 
   that 's again just inconceivable as balti jaam is filled with bums , of whom many are russians . 
  exactly !, 
  it was just very , very weird . 
  one year a bustling , mainly russian-speaking , post-soviet free-for-all sea of kiosks and stalls , next year very orderly and extremely monolingually estonian . 
  ( inside some of those small not-too-elegant bars that used to be around there you still heard russian , but on the streets it was very quiet . ), 
  it was a weird time . 
  this might actually be the place in europe that is getting less nationalistic . 
  thank you for such an in-depth reply !, 
   * `` your nationalism should be slowly going down rather than up at this point '' . 
  * our non-political nationalism should remain where it is and hopefully it will go higher . 
  just to clarify : i meant `` should '' as in `` would be expected to '' , not `` should '' as in `` would be a good thing '' . 
   pragmatic means that the `` not every russian is the same '' attitude is now prevailing . 
  indeed . 
  and also a little bit `` being close to russia and having lots of russian-speakers in the workforce while being inside the eu can be a business opportunity '' . 
  the most fervently patriotic estonian students i met around 95-96 would have fainted at the idea at that time . 
   no quite definitely you could hear more russian back then in tallinn in general , but it could be that the old town of tallinn is mostly for tourists and the hundreds of thousands of russians from residential areas did n't wander around there that much and there were n't as many russian tourists back then . 
   that is just bs , i find it difficult to conceive that any russian has ever felt that way . 
  i 'm thinking of a particular year in the later nineties , unfortunately i ca n't remember exactly when , maybe 1998 . 
  all old signage was finally gone , and there was absolutely not a single commercial small sign or menu or anything in russian to be seen anywhere . 
  you hardly even heard any russian around balti jaam . 
  there used to be this big sprawling collection of kiosks and book sellers and whatnot between the actual station and the proper jaama turg , at least 80-90 % russian speaking . 
  and then from one year to the next absolutely everything even there was only in estonian , and you did n't hear russian spoken around you either . 
  it was surreal in a way . 
  and it was even more surreal that when you went out to pirita and suddenly you again heard russian [ eta : but still not a scrap of cyrillic character anywhere ] . 
  it was like every russian-speaking inhabitant of tallinn either avoided the centre of town or just stayed very very quiet when they went there . 
  but it was just this one year/summer when it felt this weird . 
  after that it seems people - especially the young - mix more and more . 
   but still , the year is 2016 and a smaller share of russians speak estonian than estonians speak russian . 
  only among the younger generation , this has turned around . 
  this is really surprising to hear , thank you for the stats . 
  i 'm especially surprised at the high number of estonians 15-29 speaking russian . 
  that 's truly remarkable , not something i would have expected at all . 
  is russian widely available as an elective in schools ? 
  back in the 90ies-early 2000 one got the impression that not only would russian schools soon be a thing of the past , but also russian as a foreign language in estonian schools was something quite antiquated and might be soon be treated as something very odd - `` well , maybe one or two schools \u00e1 la nuck\u00f6 gymnasium '' . 
  once again , thank you for your very informative and interesting post :-), 
  estonia ( and probably the other baltic states as well ? ), 
  are naturally at a totally different place on a `` nationalism trajectory '' than finland , norway or sweden . 
  your nationalism should be slowly going down rather than up at this point . 
  as a tourist it has been very interesting to see how the estonian attitude towards russian-speaking people has changed since 1994 . 
  it 's been a few years since i was last in estonia , but my feeling then was that the most fervent anti-russian sentiments were turning into a more pragmatic attitude . 
  i actually think the big turning point came already sometime in the early 2000s - there were a few years in the late 1990-ies when you just did n't hear or see * any * russian in the centre of tallinn , and going to another part of town was like going to another country . 
  nowadays it seems like russian-speaking estonians * are happily switching languages depending on context all over the place , and the fear of speaking russian in the centre of town seems to be gone . 
  * have n't been to the east ( narva etc ) in over ten years , so do n't know how things are going there . 
  back then i was surprised at how eager the locals were to try out their very limited estonian on finnish/swedish tourists . 
  ( except for narva-j\u00f5esuu , that was just a weird place . ), 
  but it is good to remember that the baseline for nationalism in finland is pretty high . 
  generally talking about the nordic countries sweden is the outlier , while overt nationalism has always been an accepted part of the culture in finland and norway , and in a more low-key every day fashion also in denmark . 
  from what i can tell by consuming a lot swedish internet and some swedish mainstream media * every * party in finland ( or fractions within them ) would be considered unacceptably nationalistic/chauvinistic / `` racist '' in sweden . 
   swedes will keep up the ~ ~ democracy and equality ~ ~ bureaucracy ftfy . 
  in finland that would be the \u00c5land islands wanting either independence or to become part of sweden . 
  i do n't think the latter has been a serious thing for a very long time . 
  straight independence is n't popular either - i ca n't even remember if there are still any members of their local parliament that advocate that . 
  absolutely no chances the free \u00c5land movement will succeed , if it even exists anymore . 
  there does n't seem to be much local support for it . 
  well , now that you mention it ... 
  i had completely forgotten that , had to try to construct a sentence in my head to check that you 're right . 
  is it really spelled with two t : s in finnish ? 
   i personally know quite many estonian americans and estonian canadians and often even the third generation ** still speaks some estonian ** i think this is rather different from the stereotypical thing that this thread is mostly about . 
  partly because of the things you mention ( language , keeping in touch etc ) , and partly because of history . 
  i would guess most of your v\u00e4liseestlased - families either emigrated/fled after 1940 , or became `` stuck '' abroad after 1945 . 
  i mean you guys had an estonian newspaper even in sweden right up until you regained independence ... 
  i doubt there are many people in the v\u00e4liseestlased category whose estonian roots are pre 1900 ( or 1880ish maybe ) . 
  nice one . 
   the rest of the half is incredibly bright and that 's why you need to drink then . 
  first to celebrate , then to try to force some sense into your biological clock that is becoming messed up by 20h of daylight each day . 
  and this time of year you need to drink in anticipation of the darkness . 
  it probably is n't harder , it 's just that \u015awinouj\u015bcie is n't easily recognisable as separate syllables or morphems , whereas swinem\u00fcnde is . 
  szczecin is probably impossible for me to pronounce correctly in polish too , but at least i can recognise it and mentally translate it to something that sort of sounds like `` schtettin '' without to much pain . 
   swedish used danzig , dorpat and reval too , but they changed after ww2 i think . 
  just fyi . 
  oh , i * know * . 
  swedish-swedes are notorious for changing language-customs so thoroughly that no-one knows it was ever different just a few decades later . 
  just like we on the other side of the water like to hang onto words and names as long as possible ;-) luckily most people ( even from sweden ) still know where danzig , dorpat and reval are - but that 's probably because if a swede knows these cities , s/he is probably also interested in history/languages in general . 
  warschau is an interesting case . 
  i have only heard that used in swedish by very elderly people who had both very strong german and some personal connection to the city . 
  might use decimeter in speech ( in swedish ) , but i would probably always write it in cm , maybe even mm if that was the usual unit used in that context . 
   when the original name is difficult to say in your own tongue this . 
  definitely stettin ( not to mention swinem\u00fcnde - that i absolutely ca n't say in polish ) , but not pressburg . 
  but mostly the old/german names for bigger or nearer places - i would probably have to think quite a bit to place bresslau on map . 
  but danzig , dorpat , reval are all easier than gdansk , tartu and tallinn in swedish ( if i 'm speaking finnish it will certainly be tartu and tallinna , danzig/gdansk could go either way ) . 
  siebenb\u00fcrgen is a bit tricky , because towns there are mostly too small to be known up here - and then you also have the hungarian names ( goes for pressburg too , btw ) . 
  and i doubt even germans would easily know what i meant if i talked about hermannstadt ... 
  and even funnier was when there was a restaurant called persepolis across the street from the police station ... ( now sadly there is no police station in the centre of helsinki any more .
