hey , just be happy we do n't spell it reval ... / s, 
   just out of curiosity , do you have an opinion on why folks in , say , poland , would n't go in for clothes dryers ? 
  the noise produced , the initial cost , the electrical cost of operation , the fact that they tend to put stress on clothes and reduce their lifetime ( though they do make for fluffier , softer clothes ... my few experiences with line-dried clothes have been that they are stiff ) ? 
  widespread use of clothing types ( e.g. 
  natural wool ) that are not particularly dryer-friendly ? 
  we actually have a tumble dryer , but we very seldom use it . 
  all the things you mentioned above , plus you have to de-lint it and stuff . 
  we mostly only use it if we need something dry quickly , or to get hairs and lint out of things ( originally bought it when we had a dog ) . 
  and it 's convenient for things like big sheets that are hard to hang when they are wet if you are alone . 
  i think dryers are pretty common in finland , though . 
  what i really would like , if they were available and not horribly expensive , is what we had when i was a child in the 70-ies : an electric drying cupboard . 
  it is basically a metal cabinet with a small heater and a fan . 
  we actually have an old one that is no longer works , and we keep it just because it is a darned convenient design for hanging loads of stuff in a small space . 
  was n't there an exchange of roughly a million ( + - a couple hundred thousand ) people between czechoslovakia and hungary as well ? 
  this is really interesting re the tomatoes , because spain must also produce quite tasty varieties : there 's one chain in finland where the cheap store brand spanish cherry/plum/cocktail tomatoes are nearly always good and flavourful . 
  it 's really quite weird because other chains also have cheap spanish mini-tomatoes , but only this one particular store brand is 85 % reliably tasty . 
  and you can usually see/smell if the current batch in a shop is of the good variety . 
  indeed . 
  this attitude is what i find most troubling when it comes to the swedish `` humanitarian superpower '' - stance . 
  a deeply racist expectation that everyone at heart wants to be rescued by the noble swedish system , but are basically savages that ca n't help them selves unless treated like retarded kindergartners . 
  was n't the news a year ago ( or more ? 
  or less ? 
  my memory is bad ) that ups and other courier/package deliveries wo n't deliver to certain post codes ? 
  because of safety concerns . 
  iirc it did n't make any waves in normal swedish media , but as a finn i was deeply shocked . 
  * our * ideas ? 
  do n't you realise that these are lgbt ukrainians ? 
  yes !, 
  even my local alepa has some . 
  never seen it in lidl though . 
  not all the varieties . 
  the one with nuts and raisins is pretty good . 
  and they used to have one that was dark but with cream in 5x40g bars that was awesome . 
  i wish there was less of the local stuff . 
  i miss some of the nice things they had when they first came to finland and it was centrally sourced :-( if i want to buy fazer candy or maksalaatikko i can go somewhere else . 
  no need to be a snob . 
  lidl actually has some decent cheese , not the gourmet stuff ( at least not cheaply ) , but quite nice everyday cheeses . 
  which would be truly weird , since it is about the worst ( small , messy , too many people , bad selection , horrible queues ) one in town . 
  unfortunately all the good ones are out where the tram does n't go :-(, 
  interesting . 
  what are some latvian dishes you miss ? 
  and have you tasted m\u00e4mmi yet ? 
  i noticed it is starting to appear in stores again . 
  iirc you like breadpuddings in latvia , so you might actually like m\u00e4mmi . 
  ( eat it with cream and milk , and sugar . 
  the sugar is important for texture/mouthfeel . ), 
  know next to nothing about slovenia . 
  richest ex-yugoslav country , borders italy and hungary . 
  first ex-yugoslav member of the eu ? 
  happen to know a bit about slovakia , due to spending holidays there on road trips . 
  slovakia is like central europe 's finns , or maybe norwegians . 
  a bit terse , `` engineer-minded '' , and crazy about nature and hiking . 
  but your cities are much prettier than ours , and you have wine !, 
  and some hungarians left , which is always a culinary plus :-) ) . 
  generally in finland i would guess that people would know more about slovakia than slovenia , due to sports . 
  but maybe slovenes are good at hockey and ski-jumping too ? 
  ( not a big sports fan ), 
   people usualy asked how we coped with that terrible war . 
  and i say , it is okey now , as it was before , because our czech bros helped us a lot back then whaaaa ?!, 
  what war ? 
  oh , i see - do people get very confused by this answer ? 
  or do they just accept it and forever walk around with the idea that brave czechs were involved in the dissolution of yugoslavia ? 
  and had n't the slovaks been agitating for not being ruled from budapest since < ca n't remember exactly  ? 
  i think i 've read something about politicking in the 19th century to get slovakia ruled from vienna instead of budapest . 
  here in swedish speaking finland we also joke about norwegians ( and about swedes ) , but when it comes to the danes it is really only two types of jokes : - ca n't understand what they say / hot potatoes / throat disease - jokes that revolve around danish-swedish misunderstandings and/or swedish tourists being idiots ( k\u00f6penhamns roligaste st\u00e4lle / h\u00e5ll byn ren , f\u00f6lj en svensk till f\u00e4rjan ! ), 
   `` in umbra marelui urss '' quick language question : the acronym would stand for uni-something repub-something ( soviet / ??? ), 
  socialist-something ? 
  possibly with the last two switched around . 
  just curious about things like this - and when/where soviet ( council ) was translated and when not . 
  and i 'm stupidly proud of remembering that `` mare '' is big , not anything to do with the sea , in romania . 
  that is a feature of your language that is a real head-scratcher for us tourists as it is n't an uncommon word in signs and names :-) ( is - lui a case ending because of the preposition ? ), 
  this finn agrees . 
  just subtract all the chain restaurants and minsk looks exactly like a soviet capital should have looked ca 1975 , but never managed to outside of propaganda . 
  ( i am not joking , this was seriously my primary thought after two days in the city a few years ago when i first visited . ), 
  but in this particular case it is worth noting that all but one of the victims were citizens of muslim nations . 
  the bombing in sultanahmet got much more publicity . 
  this might have something to do with the kurdish issue . 
  i think most europeans feel very uneasy about the turkish-kurdish question . 
  if you start to learn even a little bit about it you quickly get horrified , muddled and just plain disgusted with all sides of it . 
  so it is more convenient to just down-play it . 
  in general turkey is a horribly difficult case of cognitive dissonance for modern europeans . 
  on one hand we applaud the modern , secular turkey . 
  on the other hand we absolutely abhor the genocidal nationalistic traits that are so closely linked to it . 
  edit to add : we can sort of gloss over some of the horrible historic things that shaped modern turkey ; we like to pretend that was all in the past , and turkey will of course now become more friendly towards minorities and switch to a more inclusive nationalism , embrace its multi-cultural history and generally become all niceness towards every group that ever lived within its borders . 
  yeah . 
  turkey is a hard thing to love unconditionally . 
  the [ list of victims ] ( https://twitter.com/hayriituncc/status/748073972735090688/photo/1?ref_src=twsrc%5etfw ) did n't actually include one single eu-citizen . 
  ever heard of sri lanka ? 
  or the origin of suicide bombers ? 
   take the security checks in airports and move them to the entrances . 
  which is exactly what atat\u00fcrk airport has had for many years now ... ( ok , so a bit different - they actually have double checks , a quick one ( gate + scanner ) at the entrance to the departure floor and then the thorough one after check-in . ), 
  look at a map of where the explosions/shootings occurred . 
  one close to the entrance security check , one at the arrivals floor , one in a parking structure . 
  as i said , none of this is of any use if the real problem is that you want to keep out eu-citizens with a job who pay their taxes ... 
  but that 's not how it has usually been framed , is it ? 
   yeah i do n't care about non-eu migration in this discussion . 
  not talking about non-eu people . 
  talking about eu citizens : citizen of eu-land a travels to eu-land b. 
  does n't manage to get a job . 
  money runs out .
