  and the restaurant is called something else too . ), 
  and `` rutto '' in finnish means plague . 
  but colloquially `` limsa '' , which comes from limonad ... 
  finn , and i do n't care about saunas . 
  do n't hate it or anything , just do n't care much one way or another . 
  and if we go into more fine-grained stereotypes : i 'm a swedish-speaker and we are supposed to be very social and connected and sunny . 
  i 'm an introvert and i do n't care who is related to whom . 
  unless you are female , in that case put it on :-), 
  same for finland . 
  i 'd even say the same mushrooms too . 
  i 'd institute some kind of `` greencard lottery '' - a big part of the problem now is that _ ordered _ non-refugee immigration is so difficult . 
  i 'd also throw tons of money , and more importantly experts , at the refugee situation in the middle east . 
  military too - not for taking part in the conflicts , but for guaranteeing safety of refugee camps and provide both infrastructure and education . 
  africa and afganistan are harder to tackle , except for making it ordered immigration possible - hard , but possible . 
  naturally my `` greencard lottery '' would mean that if you cross borders illegally you are ineligble for taking part for a certain period of time ( not too long , not too short , maybe 6 or 8 years ? ) . 
  so both stick and carrot . 
  make the situation around syria/iraq/palestine / all that mess liveable , provide a legal non-refugee way into europe . 
  clamp down on illegal crossings , and hard . 
  make it impossible to apply for asylum if you 've crossed the border illegally ( but make it possible to apply for asylum from within a refugee camp ) . 
  for the migrants already within the eu , this will sound very harsh , but until their claims are decided they will stay in camps . 
  not bad camps ( again , education is a priority ) , but no one will be able to just disappear and then turn up somewhere else with a new identity . 
  this would of course be a temporary thing , because under my scheme the floods would become a trickle very fast . 
  again , i do n't really get your way of looking at things . 
  countries are not their individual citizens , nationalities are not individuals . 
  i might have the prejudice that italians are too loud in big groups or that chechens are political idiots , but that should hardly influence how i behave if i happen to meet an italian or a chechen . 
  or , to take it closer to home : the russian government is n't particularly nice and far too many russian men seem to have atrocious fashion sense . 
  what is there to `` want to be better '' about that , that * i * could in any way influence ? 
  i can be nice to people i meet , that 's about it . 
  yes , there probably is . 
  there might even be nationalities that i do n't have good feelings towards . 
  does n't very much influence how i behave towards * individuals * though . 
  i do n't really understand the question to be honest . 
  if you are talking about personal interactions i would say that the further away culturally people are , the more one should remember to be nice . 
  i am probably not alone in my country ( and this probably goes for other small nations too ) to have been raised with the idea that when abroad , or when meeting tourists , you are `` an ambassador for your country , people , language and faith '' . 
  so no , i really do n't understand the question . 
  yes please . 
  this deserves more upvotes . 
  agree . 
  reasoning too . 
  good idea !, 
  and vienna already has uno-stadt , if un wants to downsize ( or maybe move some things to hrmf like other continents ) there 's already a big complex of suitably ugly buildings . 
  i do n't know how you 'd get there easily from where you are ( flights from kiev , warsaw or vienna - none of these are exactly convenient for you ) , but lviv in western ukraine is a fantastic city . 
  very pretty , and a caf\u00e9 culture that is hard to believe . 
  the city also seems to have a thing for theme restaurants - some extremely good , some more entertaining than good . 
  ok , then here are a few more : - mala fatra , the village terchova , or even better tiny stefanova . 
  do n't expect the food to be great , but the scenery is fabulous . 
  lots of spectacular , but doable walks . 
  fantastic high plateau geravy , you can either hike up there or be lazy and take the lift . 
  i 've never yet stayed in the chata up by the higher lift terminal , but some day i will ... 
  the village down by the man-made lake is pretty tourist-focused , but in this case it is good , because it means that you can avoid eating at the same place every day :-) . 
  i already mentioned banska bystrica , but maybe i should mention that the brutal monstrosity that is the museum of the slovak uprising is actually pretty good . 
  if you have more time and you are in kosice ( recommended anyway ) , a day trip to the slovak part of tokaji for some wine shopping is also fun . 
  how about a roadtrip south to slovakia ? 
  i 'd recommend driving by day ( some fabulous landscapes ) , but staying over night in nice smaller cities - much better food , much better wine and beer . 
  you could do something like a circle , stopping first in banska bystrica ( or some other nice central town ) , and then driving east to kosice and levoca . 
  the road back north presov-krosno is really spectacular . 
  hmm , looking at a map i see that i placed wroclaw far too far east - but no worries , you have some nice places pretty close : olomouc for instance . 
  nice landscapes along the cz-pl border too , iirc . 
  getting as far as kosice and back though without stress seems unlikely :-(, 
  if this is right inside the historic centre or very close to it , it might actually be a really severe case of just being unfamiliar with the local street/road rules ( as the icelander in nl pointed to ) : pedestrianized historic centres . 
  when we from the north see pretty old buildings around us we tend to expect that automobiles will be banned or _ severely _ restricted . 
  and that very few people will actually live in places that look like this - it will mostly be cultural institutions , shops , caf\u00e9s and the odd rich excentric ; no `` normal people '' would actually live in such a place , too expensive , too small , too cumbersome . 
  so in some sense your perception that people are treating your town like disneyland is n't that far off ... 
  what else would it be ? 
  i do n't know if it is common in other european countries but i have master card that is both debit and credit . 
  i put in my pin and then the machine asks me if i want to use it as debit or credit . 
  though now that i think about it a bit more , it might actually be handy to have different pins for credit vs debit , would eliminate that credit/debit choice . 
  wish i could upvote this more . 
  i have a hard time believing in conspiracies , and the loss of life here is too great too for this to have been totally orchestrated . 
  but these guys must have been so incompetent ( or desperate , see the theory about hizmet-supporters being slated for arrest on saturday ) it is hard to believe . 
  really stupid guys and an erdogan-loyalist infiltrated their planning ? 
  another thing that caught my eye early on was that in the * first * thing erdogan said publicly ( on friday night ) he alluded to g\u00fcllenists . 
  ( i sort of wonder if this focus on hizmet is a way for erdogan & co to be able to quietly also purge secularists - they * say * they are after these scary dangerous islamists , but who does anyone notice if more traditional nationalist secularists also gets swept out at the same time ? ), 
  just a week ago we booked flights and accommodation in istanbul for christmas . 
  we were there two years ago too , so it will be interesting to compare . 
  giving prices in a form that does n't include sales ( vat ) taxes . 
  just the thought of going into a shop or a restaurant , looking at the prices , picking up/ordering some stuff and then be presented with a bill that added on taxes on top of the displayed prices - hrrrrr . 
  ( but then i 've become so accustomed to also always having unit-prices ( per kg/l/item / what have you ) for comparison everywhere that i have a hard time adjusting when i 'm somewhere that does n't mandate that . ), 
   src : organized a european conference for a continental npo , ngo . 
  somebody thought it would be nice to lay out the flags on a nearby hill during a pick nick . 
  had to start a bonfire with pissed of guests who now needed to retire their disgraced flag `` honorably '' . 
  fun times . 
  i literally lolled at this , thank you . 
  this would make a great short film . 
  yes people do that . 
  yes , an ever diminishing minority also think it 's bad form . 
  most people do n't care that much - it 's only face paint . 
  and most people do n't burn their flags if they accidentally drop them on the ground . 
  many people even wash their flags in the washing machine !, 
  now making a dress or a towel out of an actual flag would make more people wrinkle their face in disgust , but i doubt there would be much uproar . 
  sports stars are usually given a bit of a break ; no one screams very loudly if they physically wrap themselves in a flag . 
  especially if they have won , or heroically lost . 
  but my guess is that i am not alone in idly tsk-tsk-ing them when i see it :-) . 
   i 'm unsure of what the benefits of the eu are to the average person . 
  being able to buy stuff online from wherever , never having to think about tarifs or duty or taxes or that shit . 
  having good consumer protection regardless if i in finland buy something from poland or greece or germany . 
  easy to cross borders . 
  easy to take a job in another country . 
  easy to move . 
  a single currency is seriously very handy when travelling and for comparing prices .
