  the european health insurance card . 
  the mandated cap on roaming fees . 
  the regulation that banks ca n't charge you extra for making a payment to another country . 
  the labeling on meat etc that makes it possible to track the origin ( funnily enough this seems to be catching on , i 've seen labels from thailand that conform to the same standard ) . 
  ca n't think of more stuff right now , this was just the immediately obvious ones for me . 
  d\u00fcsseldorf is weirdly nice , yes . 
  :-) if you want more food than just a sausage , eating in one of the breweries is highly recommended . 
  i especially liked schumacher and f\u00fcchschen . 
  uerige ( very close to the river shore ) is also good , and if you like your alt more hoppy than usual you will probably prefer uerige above all others . 
  ( and do n't order a large beer in d\u00fcsseldorf !, 
  especially not an alt . 
  does n't exist . 
  in this city beer should be fresh , and generally the service is quick enough that you would never sit with an empty glass . ), 
  oh , and one other thing : since you are coming from lithuania you will probably want to just whizz through poland as quickly as possible ( bydgoszcz might be a nice place for your first/only stop-over , gniezno is n't bad either , but i liked bydgoszcz better ) , but in case you have a little more time : hel . 
  absolutely spectacular . 
  might be a lot of people there ( and accommodation will cost you an arm and a leg during the summer , better to make it a day-trip and sleep somewhere else , wladyslawowo or even tri-city is n't that far away ) , but the ridiculous geography is just fantastic . 
  otherwise the roads along the polish coast were a bit dull , mostly inland . 
  have n't been to stettin ( sorry all poles , i know that 's the german name and i should use the polish one , it 's just too hard to write ) , but swinem\u00fcnde / swinouscje ( sp ) was pretty nice as a laid-back seaside resort with a small proper town . 
  i remember taking a sightseeing trip by boat there that was quite nice . 
  on the german side strahlsund was interesting , but i think that might be a nightmare with severely limited mobility ( or maybe it was just that all streets were dug up when we were there a few years ago ) . 
  not perhaps for this trip , as you are clearly planning to go west , but perhaps for the future : the eastern route south through poland is quite nice ( a tiny bit boring between bialystok and lublin perhaps ) , and the scenery once you get close to bieskedy ( sp ? 
  too lazy to look it up right now ) is quite stunning . 
  continuing on down into slovakia it gets quite spectacular . 
  in general i 'd say that slovakia is a fantastic country to see from a car , and from lithuania you could easily drive down with only one night in poland ( though poland is quite nice too , so why not take it slower and make it two :-) ) . 
  stunning landscapes , pretty good roads , nice small towns . 
  and even if the slovaks are hiking-crazy , there are lifts operating in the summer too in several places for us that are n't that good with walking * ( high tatra , mala fatra and slovensky raj/dedinky is the ones i 've ridden on ) . 
  if memory serves the czech republic was nice too for car trips - but it 's been 15 + years since last time . 
  a really special car-adventure is of course the [ trans-fagaras highway ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/transf%c4%83g%c4%83r%c4%83%c8%99an ) in transsylvania , romania . 
  but it is a bit far to get there , and driving through hungary was n't anything special . 
  you could go through ukraine - better landscapes - but i 'm unsure about the border crossings ukr-ro , and the roads can be * very * variable there . 
  * used to have a seriously gimpy foot ( knock wood ) , so i 've seen lots of slovakia and poland with a cane or an elbow-crutch . 
  not being able to walk far really makes you appreciate different things : scenery & small towns with compact centres . 
  even better if there 's an affordable penzion and a few nice restaurants and bars in that centre ... 
  this is true for voice and text ( ca n't remember the exact max prices right now ) , and has been for awhile . 
  well , it is n't necessarily close to what you 'd pay at home if you had a really good plan , but it is n't going to bankrupt you to send a few texts and talk a few minutes . 
  for data i think it 's only a year or so since a max price was introduced , and it 's still high enough that it makes sense to switch off all mobile data and just go with wi-fi . 
  in this particular instance ( finns ordering beer in tallinn ) there 's also a component of respect in using english rather than finnish . 
  back in soviet times and the really early 90-ies many finns just assumed that all estonians would understand finnish , and even that they 'd be extremely happy to speak finnish . 
  a sort of unthinking `` well , at least i 'm not speaking russian , poor southern cousins are surely thankful just for my existence '' . 
  and finnish tourists generally got themselves a bad reputation . 
  even today some finns do not understand/know that kiitos is not an estonian word . 
  so when a finn today orders a beer in english in tallinn it is a way of showing respect , a way of indicating that they know that estonian is actually a separate language and not a funny sounding dialect of finnish . 
  ( being swedishspeaking i get away with speaking any mixture of english , german , swedish and finnish when in estonia . 
  and of course it helps that i know how to say `` i only understand a bit of estonian '' in estonian ... ), 
  neither , both , either , a mix :-) . 
  people who today speak swedish in finland can have very varied genealogies . 
  and finland was never really colonised by sweden , or even strictly speaking under swedish rule , but rather a part of sweden until 1809 . 
  in contrast to other places that were at some point `` swedish '' but are n't any more ( estonia , parts of pomerania etc ) finland had representation in parliament , at various times there were finnish text on swedish money etc. 
  it is not like which languages were spoken where pre-1809 followed todays borders . 
  it 's very hard to say how old the swedish language is along the coast of finland . 
  i know of ancestors , ordinary country people , who spoke swedish ( in today finland ) around 1600 . 
  i also have ancestors from that time who spoke finnish at that time and switched their main language about a hundred years later , and people from various parts of sweden , and one or two `` germans '' living in stockholm or \u00c5bo / turku . 
  my mother was a bit into genealogy :-) , and one thing that was interesting was how much some people travelled already 1700-1800 . 
  families moved from parts of ( todays ) sweden to ( todays ) finland , and vice versa . 
  teenagers were sent to relatives across the baltic for education , elderly grandmothers travelled to visit relatives - there was one lady who lived in str\u00f6mstad and was gone over a year , visiting her adult childen and other relatives in finland . 
  but when we go further back in time ( before the formation of sweden as a realm ) it is really difficult to know exactly what language was spoken where . 
  swedish speaking finn . 
  usually do n't mind explaining * - i 'm a finn , but my first language is swedish . 
  just like there are several languages in belgium or in switzerland , no biggie . 
  * except when it comes to swedes . 
  that 's always so depressing . 
  not german , slovak or hungarian - but your question is a really hard one if it ca n't be chocolate , and presumable also not be fragile , and small . 
  for bratislava i think of two things , both of which can be argued are more czech than slovak : 1 . 
  oplatky , wafers . 
  but very fragile , and the best , most special type are also big . 
  smaller varieties are also often chocolate filled . 
  those small tins of liver ( & other meat ) pastes that everyone carries on a day hike in the mountain . 
  they are small ( about enough for two slices of bread ) , do n't need refrigeration and some of them taste pretty good . 
  oh , just thought of a third ( ok , so this is you can also find in poland and the ukraine , seems like a general ruthenian ( or maybe mountain ? ) ), 
  thing : that smoked hard cheese that is sometimes sold in braids . 
  very salty . 
  great snack . 
  does n't look too nice after a few days in a hot car , but definitely still edible even after being treated really badly ( all that salt ) . 
  for hungary , salami , as already suggested . 
  ca n't think of anything else . 
  except maybe unicum ( bitter ) , that should be easy to find in miniature bottles . 
  in hungary you can also usually find very very delicious chestnut cream/spread/preserves , but i 've never seen that in small jars . 
  in both slovakia and hungary you can find paprika paste in tubes , both hot and sweet . 
  very nice for people who like to cook . 
  especially the sweet variety is n't that easy to find in other places . 
  absolutely no idea for berlin , sorry . 
  ( for frankfurt i would have said that weird `` apfelbutter '' , an apple-spread that is definitely not a marmelade . 
  and i have n't seen that either in small jars , and i wonder if you 'd even find it outside of that apfel-crazy region . ), 
  and this is in eastern poland - a bit south of lublin i think . 
  having travelled this way ( going from finland to slovakia ) a few times between ca 2000 and 2010 the development here has been absolutely staggering . 
  but still , a few years ago ( 2011 or 2013 maybe ? ), 
  we did note that the polish baltic coast was way more developed than along the eastern border , and it did n't seem like `` new '' wealth/development for the most part . 
  but the change in westernmost ukraine between 2007 and 2012 was pretty great too . 
  they actually are n't at all . 
  and even as late as ~ 10 years ago this was actually very visible from the window of a car . 
  the built landscape , the visible wealth ( or absence of it ) , just everything was different when you crossed from poland to the ex-soviet baltic states ( or vice versa ) . 
  actually very surprising . 
   just because you are the youngest country it does n't mean you can do what you want !, 
  hey , finland and iceland exist too !, 
  but joking aside , ( and sort of off topic ) how would one rank dk , no and se in age ? 
  especially norway seems problematic - defined as a separate country way back when , but regained full independence rather late . 
  could you give some examples from traditional european universities ? 
  i 'm really curious about where it would fit in , which faculty ? 
  even when i look at a school like [ handels in stockholm ] ( https://www.hhs.se/en/education/msc/ ) , i do n't see anything even close to it offered . 
  [ aalto in helsinki ] ( http://www.aalto.fi/en/studies/education/programme/marketing_master/ ) seems to have a masters in marketing .
