  ( i 'm sure there are more turks than 2 living in finland , but they are n't really noticeable . 
  i was happy to discover a turkish caf\u00e9 ( they even had k\u00fcnefe ! ), 
  a few weeks ago in it\u00e4keskus ( big shopping centre in the east of town ) . 
  sadly i seldom have business in that part of town and only had time for a coffee , which was delish !, 
  if i lived closer i 'd maybe ask if they do pide and stuff to take away . ), 
  i do n't know if it counts since our liberation/civil war was n't really part of wwi . 
  ( btw , i would love to hear if someone has family memories from central europe - poland , czechoslovakia , hungary , ukraine , yugoslavia - that war really in many respects made the map we still live with , and there are no hollywood films or bestsellers about those parts . ), 
  my grandmother had memories of seeing the german expedition arrive in helsinki . 
  and of her father having to be away from home , hiding from the reds ( he was an employer ) . 
  and the dad of a friend was shot by the reds outside his home ( her dogs refused to walk where this had happened , so this story must have really affected her - it was just 200 meters from our home ) . 
  i did meet my grandfather briefly before he died when i was 18 months , and he actually took part in the war - as a 12 year old !, 
  but i do n't have any memories of him talking about it . 
  my mother however said that it obviously affected him deeply , he was extremely anti-gun and even pointing toy guns at people would get him angry if he saw it . 
  also as a child i met older people ( my grandparents were born 1910 and 1905 ) who had been in that war as young adults , but naturally that was n't something that they talked to a random 5 or 10 year old about . 
  that really depends on the american/canadian/brit in question . 
  australians and new zealanders ( and south africans ) are usually identifiable , though in a very short conversation ( as in just asking for directions ) i might not be able to distinguish aus and nz . 
  when it comes to brits , americans and canadians there are those that are impossible to mistake , but then there 's also this kind of `` atlantic continuum of neutral '' where it can be very hard - it 's rare that a brit falls into this , but i 've heard it . 
  these people are often - but not always - folks who have travelled a lot and maybe been expats and taught english somewhere . 
  they sort of sound like a brit without typical british prosody . 
  or an american with pretty wovels and more british vocabulary . 
  so basically a rather british canadian without any give-away - ous ;-), 
   polar bears are the sad brother of the brown bears . 
  and that is why they eat people ? 
  you forgot to mention swans !, 
  ca n't understand why even sensible people like norwegians defend those godless killing machines . ), 
  same for finland . 
  though no weevers . 
  and definitely no polar bears in the wild . 
  no any wild boars to speak of , only what occasionally escapes from farms or make the trek over the ice from estonia . 
  one of those decided to lay down and die outside my family 's summer cabin . 
  we also have raccoon dogs . 
  and minks . 
  in helsinki we also have a problem with aggressive sea gulls , shitting geeze and breeding rabbits . 
  once on an outing at a small remote island in a small remote lake we returned to our small boat to find that it had suddenly become very remote , due to 4-5 curious cows standing between us and it . 
  luckily the cows were rather friendly ( and hornless !, 
  ) , but it was scary nonetheless . 
  see a swedish contribution here - elmukelmu used to be `` gladpack '' here too . 
  i do n't know when the shift happened , my grandparents definitely talked about gladpack , my parents did n't use or talk about it much at all , and now i ca n't even find real gladpack anywhere ( i hate elmukelmu , always end up with scratches and the stretches in weird and unpredictable ways ) . 
  yep , all three in finland as well . 
  though both frigolit and wettex are particular types of stuff , not any old dishcloth . 
  gladpack has mostly been replaced ( both in stores and in vocabulary ) by elmu-kelmu , though . 
  i miss real gladpack , elmu-kelmu is really inferior . 
  more particular to finland we have vichy ( pronounced vissy or vischy ) for sparkling mineral water . 
  jaffa for orange soda ( not oranges or biscuits/cakes , if you want to talk about those you say `` jaffa orange '' or `` jaffa cakes '' ) . 
  loads of really old and international ones of course too : styrox , nylon ( `` nailon '' ) , xerox , cellophane etc, 
  thank you guys ;-) , i actually did ponder this point for a short second , but then decided that since i 've never seen actual domestic ( grape ) wine in poland , there surely are n't any vineyards this far north . 
  feel doubly ashamed because i 've actually ( very briefly ) visited zielona gora ... 
  thank you guys ;-) , i actually did ponder this point for a short second , but then decided that since i 've never seen actual domestic ( grape ) wine in poland , there surely are n't any vineyards this far north . 
  feel doubly ashamed because i 've actually ( very briefly ) visited zielona gora ... 
  damn , that 's a hard question . 
  estonia would be like home . 
  maybe a bit too boring ? 
  slovakia somehow also feels very nordic , but better landscapes , and wine !, 
  and hungarian food . 
  czech republic if one wants to feel more cosmopolitan and central . 
  hungary ( or latvia or lithuania ) if you want a linguistic challenge along with your food and drink . 
  transsylvania for nice landscapes and better climate . 
  ( sorry , romania , just have n't visited bukarest or the coast yet ) . 
  poland has absolutely everything , except for vineyards . 
  the people in ukraine are about the nicest a tourist could ever encounter . 
  it is really impossible to choose . 
  yep , i 'd tend to agree . 
  but our per capita consumption has still gone up quite a bit over the last 40-50 years ( though maybe it dipped again lately ? 
  ) , which i think is due to more people drinking a bit . 
  fewer people are teetotal , most women drink a bit more than before , but young people seem to drink less . 
  saw this question yesterday , not sure i really want to - or can - answer coherently , but here goes ( middle aged female finn ) :  i want to get a better view of what europeans ( from both sides of the political spectrum ) think of arabs and the middle east in general . 
  but there is no `` general '' when it comes to arabs or the middle east !, 
  and that is one of the problems wrt european ( not to mention american ) attitudes . 
  in my opinion denying this fact is also one of the more problematic facets of post-nationalist politics in the region . 
  pan-anything is usually not a good idea , and pan-arabism is no exception . 
  that said , the influence of political islam together with post-colonialist nationalism easily does make it seem like it is all one big `` other '' . 
   what do you guys think of the people ? 
  which people ? 
  i would be very hesitant - and i try not to - think the same of turks , tunisians and syrians . 
  nowadays you also get the feeling that within most of the countries - from maghreb to persia - there are very different sorts of people . 
  secular people , religious people , modern people , traditional people , everything in between . 
  and the different generations are probably different as well . 
  one of the most thought provoking things for me was about 15 years ago in tunisia , in monastir close to the bourghiba mausoleum , second day of eid-alfitr iirc , holiday , lots of local tourists milling around . 
  there was this group of three generations of women : the oldest was in traditional dress ( like a chador ) , the middle aged was in a chanel suit , and the teenager was in jeans and hijab . 
  three generations , three very different identities . 
  they were like a microcosm of tunisian ideological/mental history of the 20th century . 
   governments ? 
  again , too varied to have one single opinion . 
  and the `` arab spring '' and events since has n't exactly made it easier . 
   ideologies ? 
  this is the baffling thing for most of us i think . 
  we do n't understand . 
  and we especially do n't understand how a religious symbol like the hijab can be a symbol of modernity , and we definitely do n't understand how the nationalist modernity of 1950 -  could be so rejected by so many . 
  our brands of nationalism here in the north were sort of blessed by religion , so when one fades the other also fades . 
  understanding that nationalism ( with a few exceptions ) was anti-religion and anti-tradition is something that is very hard for us to grasp . 
  which makes current ideological streams of thought almost impossible for us to understand . 
   is there anything you like ? 
  love ? 
  do n't understand ? 
  surprisingly hard question . 
  of course we like a lot !, 
  not least the food :-) ( for `` do n't understand '' see above ) where i think i have a different view than most in my country is that i spent holidays in morroco with my grandmother when i was at the formative age of four to six . 
  so i asked * a lot * of questions . 
  and got lots explained to me in terms of parallells to our ancient customs - a mosque was like a church , the call to prayer is like our church bells etc. 
  a blond shy four year old tourist was also universally loved and cuddled in the mid -70 ies , so i got the impression that people are universally over-friendly :-) .
