  especially if you combine it with the vasa in stockholm , between those two ( about 100 years ) you have an almost 180 switch in military thinking . 
  sveaborg came out of the same thinking as the [ swedish archipelago fleet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/archipelago_fleet ) . 
  yup . 
  agree . 
  much of the problems already in our system seem to be because of a frenzy ( at all levels ) to change things every few years . 
  it 's like those bureaucrats ca n't understand that moving around stuff every few years ( wards , emergency rooms etc ) is not without cost in itself . 
  ( ditto patients - when a physician-patient relationship really works it saves both money , aggravation and health , and i 'm convinced a system that made it easy to let patients keep in contact with the doc that really works for them ( even if s/he is the wrong level , speciality or district , provided the physician agrees ) would be a cost-saver in the long run . 
  especially for older people and people with multiple ailments . ), 
  thank you !, 
  very informative . 
   ( it for example illegal to enter buildings , but most guides do it anyway ) that 's what i 've read - it would suck to be on a tour that actually observed that . 
  did you get to meet any of the people who supposedly has moved back into the zone ? 
  did you see any animals ? 
  and just out of curiousity , where did you spend the night ? 
  was it close enough that you felt time was n't wasted in just getting there for day two ? 
  i do n't know about the rest of turkey , but i felt that istanbul was very very safe . 
  but though blond , i am now middle-aged ... no qualms at all about going shopping alone in the bazaar ( or the quarters around it ) , or taking a walk at night . 
  that said , i have heard that some women can feel pretty intimidated by sellers in the grand bazaar . 
  i did n't think it was bad , and did n't feel it was directed at my sex - in fact the sellers pretty quickly seemed to zero in on the fact that my husband was the easier one to distract . 
  someone might have tried to grab me , but i guess my `` icy death stare '' made them retreat pretty quick . 
  there were actually some shops in the bazaar where i wished they 'd been a bit more active - i guess my `` do n't hassle me ! '', 
  field was turned up a bit too high :-) . 
   turkey , well in asian part in rural bakcward regions i can imagine some women won t feel safe ( it could be just their feeling ) just as an aside , would you actually feel * unsafe * as a female ( alone or not ) in these regions if you dressed very conservatively and avoided eye-contact with men you 'd not been introduced to ? 
  ( you would certainly feel annoyed at having to think of these things all the time , but that 's another thing all together . ), 
  i have n't travelled in muslim backwaters , either alone or recently . 
  but my memory from travelling with my grandmother in also some pretty non-touristic places in morocco in the 70-ies was that a lone woman with a child was treated very respectfully , and if not ( this only happened in touristic places ) the icy stare and some foul french quickly either got an apology or had some local stepping in and chewing out the misbehaving lout . 
  the things i learned from my grandmother back then has served me well later as blond girl who likes to walk alone - though my experience is limited to non-backwater places . 
  there are these small things ( like no eye contact , do n't smile for no reason , dress appropriately , wear a ring ; turning on a facial expression of scornful rage * immediately * is also important ) that really seem to make a difference when i compare my experiences to those of others of similar age , sex and complexion . 
  maybe someone who has recently travelled in backward muslim regions could chime in ? 
  but there has n't been any war in crimea since i ca n't remember , must be over a year now ? 
  maybe two years even ? 
  and was there really ever much of a war there ? 
  was n't it just snatched outright with that referendum-thingy as a fig-leaf ? 
  should n't it be pretty peaceful and quiet ? 
  or have hordes of russian tourists descended on the place and are partying like it is 1953 ? 
  might be difficult to get there ( or out of there ) from the rest of ukraine , though . 
  why crimea ? 
  not op , but here 's a few questions : did your chernobyl trip start in kiev or somewhere else ? 
  was it just a one day trip ? 
  if so , did you feel one day was enough ? 
  how expensive ? 
  what was included ? 
  ( food , transport , which `` sights '' etc ? ), 
  quality of translations/language skills of the guide ( s ) ? 
  any other thing you can think of ? 
  good things to look for when trying to choose a tour or an agency that you wish you had known ? 
  i ca n't offer any particular advice on trains or visa-requirements for australians , but i have one suggestion : if at all possible , go from krakow to lviv instead of to kiev . 
  it is a lovely , lovely town , with * very * nice people . 
  it will give you a nice , gradual transition from poland into ukraine . 
  now , i 'm middleaged and have mostly travelled by car ( and in a couple ) but i imagine lviv would be absolutely the best place for a back packer to meet locals over a pint or a vodka and have a great time talking to people . 
  do n't know about october specifically , but in summer and around christmas the town seems to attract quite a bit of internal weekend tourists , which is also a nice thing to get a first feel for a country . 
  now chernobyl : have n't been , because you need to go with an organised tour ( and we 've been too lazy/cheap to organise that ) . 
  so google the different agencies that organize this , choose one ( or two ) get in touch with them , and budget for it . 
  ca n't imagine objects would become contaminated from just visiting chernobyl - maybe if you happened to drop them in a particularly hot and dusty place . 
  anyway , the tour company should help you with testing them and if needed wash them ( the dust is radioactive , it does n't * make * stuff radioactive ) . 
  about insurance : our government only advices not to travel to the eastern parts of ukraine , sucks if your gov. 
  is that paranoid . 
  try to look into getting travel insurance either as a supplemental ( you will need a different type of insurance for the whole trip anyway , right ? 
  typical travel insurance only covers shorter trips ) , or as a one off just for ukraine . 
  either way , get it . 
  and finally an idea : since you are going to pripyat , have you thought about belarussia ? 
  stupid visa-requirements , yes , but there 's a pretty fantastical national park at the upper parts of the pripyat river . 
  might be nasty and cold and flooded in autumn though . 
  gomel/homel in southern belarussia was probably the worst hit town from chernobyl - you do n't see that today . 
  putting 1986 aside , belarussia is rather interesting in itself , at least you could brag about having visited a bona fide dictatorship . 
  minsk is nice and weirdly * clean * . 
  aah , interesting . 
  as this thread shows , i think you are on to something : most people in europe do n't really think much of the religious significance of objects like this . 
  i do n't think i or my family are terribly uncommon/weird ( except for a strong family tradition of being `` freethinkers '' , ie not belonging to church ) and i definitely grew up with things like old bibles here and there in the bookshelves , a nativity scene at christmas and an advent candleholder . 
  i think europeans probably tend to think of religious `` stuff '' more in a cultural/historical context than in an immediate religious sense . 
  no , absolutely not . 
  more on par with a midsummer stalk or christmas tree . 
  thx for all the answers ( also to / u/argyrius and/u/rondabyarmbar ) . 
  yes , i 'm quite familiar with icons ( orthodox minority in finland , both the lutheran and orthodox churches are/used to be state churches here ) in the usual sense , but those small printed things have always intrigued me . 
  to me ( agnostic heathen ) there 's an interesting egalitarian and practical aspect to the orthodox view of icons , at least as it has been presented to me by ( orthodox ) priests and scholars . 
  in practice i am sure that most people view an old , handpainted , gilded icon with more reverence than a small printed card , but i 've been told that theologically there 's really no difference . 
  how about those small printed pictures of saints ? 
  did you see any of these ? 
  as a child visiting greece on holiday my sister and i got those as presents when visiting churches . 
  maybe because we were rare for being scandinavian kids with saint-names recognisable to the priests ? 
  the priest would show us around and then when we said good buy and he asked our names , and our mother explained/translated our names ( ekaterina & antonius ) he would smile and ask us to wait and go rummage in the back and then come out with these small pretty cards for us . 
  i agree . 
  but that said , we actually do have a few religious things on our walls , but as art . 
  one pretty large extremely ugly wooden crucifix - do n't remember where it came from anymore , maybe my sos travels in south america . 
  and then a really kitschy amber-encrusted framed print of jpii - also a souvenir . 
  this one i really would like to get rid of , but my so keeps putting it back . 
  and then there 's the really weird thing a cast metal ( fairly light ) relief of a woman saint of some description . 
  painted in pretty bright colours , but rather scuffed and battered . 
  this one i think is a find from a flea market in estonia or latvia in the early 1990-ies . 
  i like it , because it is so very weird and because it feels like a mystery : seems to have been made post 1950 , but where , by whom and why ? 
  this is generally true . 
  however , there are people who do it ( two kisses , never man-man ) . 
  very annoying until you get used to it . 
  luckily they do n't seem to be very aggressive about spreading the custom , but if you happen to know them and meet them in a subcultural setting ( ie party , family function ) where this cheek-kissing goes on you are ( as a woman at least ) expected to participate . 
  but one gets used to it . 
  eta : from my limited experience this limited in-group cheek-kissing seems to exist in sweden too . 
  any time . 
  weather suitable to my clothes or to the central heating . 
  either inside or out . 
  usually alone , but it can sometimes be ok if there 's someone else there too .
