  now , 40 years later , i still have a feeling that maghreb-me is our ( europe \u00b4 s ) closest neighbour . 
  it is where lots of our culture comes from , it is where lots of our culture has been exported and adopted . 
  i buy maghreb-made dessert mixes regularly in my local `` turk shop '' ( and `` turkish sheep cheese '' , made in denmark , and my dh just yesterday said that `` puck '' tastes exactly like the processed cheese of his childhood ) . 
  me too . 
  i did hang on to dual-thinking for awhile , maybe 5 years or so , but that was because we often travelled in the baltic states and in poland , and some of the currencies there were very easy to convert to fim , but annoying to think about in euros . 
  iirc latvian lat was around 10 fim and polish zloty either 2 or .5 fim . 
  for road trips with 5 + currencies it was sort of handy to have _ two _ reference currencies in your head . 
  valentine 's day , and to a lesser extent halloween . 
  do n't think that is actually american , though how they work now in your army might be . 
  do n't know about other countries but finland has always had them , so you might have got the concept from us . 
  my first reaction is `` that 's like asking if fish are conservative or liberal , wtf ?! '', 
  it is mostly not something that computes too much in the minds of finns . 
  that said , historically there has been some departments ( mostly history , sociology , that kind of thing ) of some universities that have been considered more left or `` red '' - but that 's more something that people associate with 1968 and the seventies . 
  when it comes to student politics there are also some stereotypes , but that is n't really what you mean . 
  while you are enmeshed in that world you might notice it ( ie `` the greens did well in the last student council elections at university x '' ) , but the larger world does n't really care . 
  most students do n't really care . 
  the labels `` conservative '' and `` liberal '' in the american sense are meaningless in a finnish university context . 
  small country , so have been offered almost all european countries ( + us and canada ) except for the iberic peninsula , greece and the micro-nations . 
  most often dutch , danish , swedish or german . 
  weirdest ( or most creative ) have been hungary and latvia ( i speak swedish with a finnish intonation , so i understand people can get confused , and hungarian and latvian are very confusing languages ) . 
  i 'm blond and short , and if people do n't hear me speak at all they 've even gone for french or italian , which i find slightly weird . 
  you forgot the most distinct feature : dark rye bread , usually at least slightly sour . 
  hey , that 's an idea !, 
  i love the idea of paprika paste , but have mainly used it as seasoning in stews , soups , sauces etc. 
  must try on bread . 
  maybe it will be good with cheese too ? 
  yep , that 's it . 
  my addendum is more of inside baseball and what came out when the response was examined afterwards . 
  the thing to remember is that while environmental sensors did pick up _ something _ ( i misremembered the time though , first signs ( in hindsight ) were probably picked up almost a day before ) , it was too low and too unspecific to trigger alarms ( again , remember that nuclear testing was still a thing ) . 
  another thing that people forget is that the forsmark alarm came on monday morning , while the accident happened in the night between friday and saturday . 
  ca n't remember the exact graphs/plots i saw in some report , but if you * know * what it is , environmental sensors see something already on sunday . 
  only it did n't trigger anything , and no one looked at it until monday . 
  while checking that i remembered the dates right , i found [ this site ] ( http://chernobylgallery.com/chernobyl-disaster/timeline/ ) , and what truly makes 1986 feel like a different world compared to today is that the town of pripyat was being evacuated already on sunday , more than ~ 30 hours before the first soviet news mentions ( and ~ 19 hours before the forsmark alarm ) . 
  that would hardly be possible even in deepest china today , you could n't evacuate nearly 50 000 people and keep the outside world in the dark . 
  someone would post on weibo . 
  are you sure they pretended ? 
  at least some estonians really do n't seem to know much russian - they seem to be on par with me , understand a few typical tourist phrases and maybe food words and slogans , but no actual functional/conversational russian . 
  ( i 've once witnessed an expat finn/swede in tallinn and his russophone wife , both with functional estonian , cooperating in translating between russian and estonian for other people at a party - it was sort of hilarious ) . 
  well , germans who are n't nazis must be jews , right ? 
  no banking fees when making payments across borders . 
  ( yes , this holds even outside the euro-zone . ), 
  for calls and txt it has been in effect for a long , long time . 
  over ten years at least , maybe more . 
  not actually my nation 's history , but seeing the baltic flags in the harbour of helsinki in the very early 90ies ( ie before the formal dissolution of the soviet union ) was pretty exciting . 
  otherwise it would be joining the eu in 1995 i guess . 
  the sinking of estonia ( again not primarily my nation 's history ) , that was intense . 
  as i remember it , plus what has been told to me ( family member worked in nuclear safety at the time , plus what i have since read ) , it was very little time between that famous alarm and everyone being pretty certain that a ) did n't come from here , and b ) accident , not nuclear detonation ( remember this was 1986 ) . 
  something like 2-3 hours , possibly even less . 
  it is less well known , but monitoring stations in finland ( and presumably sweden too ) had actually picked it up already half an hour - an hour before . 
  they just did n't tell anyone ^ 1 , it was the forsmark incident that made it public . 
  lot of people got raked over the coals here in finland afterwards ( for other slowness too , not just this ) , ca n't remember if the minister actually resigned or not . 
  ^ 1 it is actually quite understandable that no big press conferences were called over the first anomalous readings . 
  they were very slight , and it takes a bit of time to analyse them . 
  also , nuclear testing was still going on at that time , at a rate of ~ 30-60 detonations per year . 
  did you actually read it in original ? 
  i mean , that 's not even the same language ... 
  i think most edda-ish stuff we had was either in free , modern language * ( ie re-tellings , we had quite a bit of that stuff , sort of a steiner speciality i think , up to age 10 there is soooo much oral stuff , classic stories ( including norse myth , old testament , folk tales , fables , history in general ) told by the teacher and then re-told by the pupils the next day so the story can continue !, 
  ) * or translation maybe 150 years old at the oldest . 
  that is a hard question to answer , because it depends on what you mean by `` learn '' . 
  study thoroughly ? 
  learn by heart ? 
  was briefly mentioned one lesson or in a book ? 
  and then how do you count slightly modern versions of really old texts ? 
  i think we had quite a few ~ 100 year old adaptations of various old norse material when we were ten or so . 
  and how to count 80 + old material where the spelling has been modernized ? 
  what about grammar ? 
  ( swedish had plural forms of verbs until around 1930-1950 or so , so quite recent . ), 
  i do n't think we ever learned anything much older than 150 years in the sense of learning it by heart or doing anything much with it in its original form . 
  stuff older than that ( the laws someone mentioned , examples of letters from 1550 , runes - stuff like that ) was mentioned , maybe shown examples of in their original form , but always with a full translation beside it . 
  do n't know how it is for the locals , or at a distance , but up close it is definitely unsettling . 
  weirdly pagan vibe to it imo . 
  it is a surprisingly hard question , thank you . 
  i think the default was that it was bad . 
  shortages , unfreedom , people fleeing . 
  but then there was the actual stories . 
  how the baltics were quite different than moscow or leningrad , how the food in kiev was so much better than in moscow in april , small things like that . 
  i remember getting some really nice dolls my mother bought in leningrad sometime around 1978 or so . 
  and some books ( in german , parents had to translate for me ) that one of her hosts ( low level official delegation ) had given her to give to me . 
  it was folk tales of some sort , and the book was very nicely illustrated , but in a much more grown-up way than i was used to . 
  and then how we went together to buy a children 's book for that lady 's daughter to give to her when she visited finland . 
  what else , hard to remember now . 
  the sweets were horrible - which was a tragedy because they were so big , but the wrappers were pretty . 
  a few years into the 1980-ies i remember being very impressed by how cheap records of classical music was . 
  sheet music too . 
  things that were very very expensive for a 10-12 yo in finland . 
  then in 1985 or 1986 we went on a trip to uzbekistan . 
  it was very exotic , and an eye-opener in so many ways . 
  the really weird system of hard currency-shops . 
  the almost melting-pot like quality of the system . 
  the absolutely incredible professionalism of folklore acts ( in finland stuff like this was/is mostly a hobby ) . 
  the chicken foot in my meal aboard the plane . 
  ( good gods , the planes between tashkent-samarkand-buhara , some of them would have been really frightening for anyone afraid of flying ! ), 
  and there was pepsi everywhere , no other soft drinks ( except for finnish !, 
  orange soda in one hard currency bar in samarkand ) . 
  but the most shocking thing of all on that trip was actually our intourist guide from leningrad . 
  how she ate everything in sight in uzbekistan . 
  all in all i would say that i think we knew , but never really details about anything . 
  or that the situation wrt shortages was so very varied across the soviet union . 
  as for surprises , i think we were surprised that the baltics got free with so little blood spilled . 
  finland has an old tatar minority .
