  eu-land b can throw them out . 
  and since you are not part of schengen you could absolutely control who crosses the borders . 
  register their entry , if they have n't either left or registered residency within whatever it is ( 90 ? 
  ) , throw them out if you like . 
  eu countries can still ban citizens of other eu-countries , you know . 
  happens all the time with criminals . 
  the schengen-countries just have a hard time of enforcing it . 
  not quite , but heavily discourage them . 
  and you could actually throw out eu-citizens with no job or funds to support themselves if they stay longer than 120 days or whatever . 
  the eu would n't have stopped you ( maybe made disapproving noices , but you would n't have needed to care about that since you retained the right to stamp their passports and opted out of what meager social dimension there is ) . 
  not that it helps if the * actual problem * is that you just do n't like non-british people working and paying taxes . 
  nope , it is not . 
  the european right of free movement seems to be extremely misunderstood by the british . 
  you could have put up barriers to any social services ( half years registered residency for instance ) many years ago . 
  finland does , and is even a member of the schengen area . 
  the * only * thing you could n't have done is make an exception in those rules for your own citizens . 
  which means that a returning expat brit would have had to wait as long as an immigrating pole before being covered . 
  even countries with far less exceptions than the uk had are limiting undesired immigration in this way . 
  in helsinki you can find it in the frozen section all year round . 
  probably in turku too , so just hop on a boat , if you do n't bring a cooling bag it will probably be the right temp for eating once you get it home . 
  good troll . 
  too soon ? 
  i think you have no idea how big poland is ... now i 'm envisioning mountains going out of fashion for summer picnics , and hordes of poles descending on nl beaches instead . 
  just the weight of them all would probably sink enough territory back into the sea to make the dutch surrender . 
  it 's a cold malted rye-porridge . 
  very lightly seasoned with dried bitter orange peel . 
  traditional food for easter . 
  it is actually quite tasty . 
  you eat it with cream and/or milk and sometimes sugar ( depends on your taste , and also bit on how sweet the m\u00e4mmi happens to be ) . 
  i do n't like it as festive food , but it is pretty nice as a really filling ( and very high in fibre ) breakfast or evening snack . 
  now when you can buy it frozen all year round , and this thread just made me take out my stash so i can have it for breakfast tomorrow :-) . 
  oh believe me , it was very very ugly irl . 
  they tore it down last summer , do n't know what will be built in it 's place - probably something with lots of glass and steel . 
  what made it especially ugly was that it was quite tall and almost all other buildings near it are both lower and way nicer . 
  you felt shadowed by it , and it never really `` fit '' . 
  by contrast the low building in the fourth pair is ugly too , but it is n't in-your-face depressing . 
  that nasty thing made the whole square unbalanced . 
  things like this is hard to explain - some buildings just mess up their environment way beyond their inherent ugliness . 
  heh - lithuanian cheese is good . 
  we just got back from riga where we bought a few kg of dziugas . 
  no , no , no . 
  nils holgerson is scanian , is n't he ? 
  so , actually danish ... 
  a bit like a luxury spa . 
  finland never recognizes invasion or regimes , only countries :-), 
  maybe a more accurate way of describing it would be to say that the upper and middle classes were bi - ( or multi - ) lingual , while poor people more often ( though not always ) were mono-lingual ? 
  thx - never really thought about it , but that makes perfect sense . 
  i could almost equally have said `` throws in slovak or czech words '' - one just tends to think of polish as `` the other big slavic language '' . 
  ( yes , it took me 3 days first time i visited lviv to realise that it was ukrainian i was hearing , not polish . ), 
  yes . 
  but czech can be hard to distinguish from slovak , and for some weird reason for me even from the yugoslav languages . 
  polish is the language with all the sch-sounds that is n't russian . 
  ukrainian is the one that is almost russian , but throws in polish words . 
  did they finally execute havnesjefen ? 
  yay !, 
  ( all swans are godless murdering pure evil in feathers ), 
  there 's probably probably enough vitamin c ( tomato sauce ) in pizza to prevent scurvy . 
  would work better with spam or something like that . 
  yes !, 
  that 's the orange one i remember from my childhood . 
  my condolences - but you 'll get used to it and become very adept at reading labels quickly , and in some cases even identify suspect cases just from the taste/label colouring . 
  it sucks to be sensitive to aspartame . 
  and it sucks even more if you happen to be in the minority that can actually taste the slight bitterness of sucralose/splenda . 
  i hope it is only a passing thing where you are - they tried this shit of augmenting sugar with sweeteners here too and not marking it very clearly , but it mostly disappeared a few years ago . 
  but does n't sweden also have loranga ? 
  as the default orange soda ? 
  in finland we did n't have fanta until sometime in the late 80ies . 
  instead we had jaffa and frisco ( frisco somehow just disappeared at some point ) . 
  so for me as a child in the 70ies , fanta was one of the highlights of travelling . 
  i still get nostalgic if i see those old style glass bottles . 
  the fanta of southern europe & maghreb in the 70ies was much sweeter than any soda we had in finland , less carbonated and much more orange in colour than anything we had here in the finland . 
  in general fanta is more or less synonymous with orange soda . 
  lemon might be acceptable , but other varieties just comes and goes and are more novelties - at least from an adult perspective , i 'm sure a flavour that is on the market for 2-4 years when you are 5yo is a staple flavour if you happen to like it . 
  for me personally there 's two types of fanta : the very sweet orange one of my childhood , and the modern slightly more yellow one we have now , which imo is inferior to our domestic jaffa . 
  if i want a more adult version i 'd go for orangina ( less sweet , actual orange taste , including pulp ) . 
   cabin in the mountains with an atv , a snow scooter and a dozen drums of fuel , right ? 
  but what if the insects becomes zombies ... 
  how is it dangerous ? 
  you mean if you are turkish and vocally dislike erdogan ? 
  maybe it is then . 
  or has it changed radically since this winter ( christmas/ny ) ? 
  we ( middle aged finns ) were there then , and it did n't feel a bit unsafe . 
  though we did think about it - but then neither of us are very fond of crowds and high profile places . 
  the security around central tourist sights was pretty visible , and no shyness about profiling ; if you are male , 15-30 , looks vaguely middle eastern and have a back pack , you will be chatted up by the guys with the big guns everywhere it seemed . 
  the reina-shootings did wake us up though , but only because our embassy sent out mass texts about it early in the morning . 
  kadik\u00f6y on the asian side felt more normal , less of a security presence . 
  and a wonderful city , great mix of metropolitan and local vibe . 
  i want to stay there next time we go . 
  three times so far . 
  want to go back again . 
  do n't tell me it was in piikki\u00f6 , because then it could have been my grandfather 's place . 
  the family fled to \u00c5land , and he was given a gun and the best horse and sent to join the war . 
  i do n't know how to describe it , it was pretty close to where you emerge from the metro , that inner yard type place . 
  do n't know if they always have kunefe , but that one day in june they did have a sign up advertising it . 
  this was such a lovely exchange - made my day better :-), 
  but are either of them actually * turkish * ? 
  i mean `` turk '' used to be a name for anyone middle-eastern ( ie from the old ottoman empire ) , and while most people today are n't consciously aware of this , in slang this usage seems to persist to some degree . 
  btw the finnish word for `` fur '' is turkki . 
  probably more related to turkish peoples from crimea and central asia than to the ancestors of modern day turks , though . 
  yeah , that 's about how i feel too :-) .
