  no one has mentioned latvian or lithuanian yet ? 
  those are weird , but small . 
  hungarian and basque , too . 
  albanian and finnish and estonian probably also . 
  for art-nouveau you must go to prague ( also really nice 1930 : ies functionalist villas in prague 6 ) , if you have n't already . 
  and oradea / nagyv\u00e1rad / gro\u00dfwardein almost on the border between romania and hungary - smaller city , but absolutely fantastic . 
  oh , of course riga ... ca n't help you on goth churches , sorry , not my thing ;-), 
  yes , this . 
  i 've been to vienna , bratislava and budapest , and one thing i 've always wanted to do was take a boat from vienna to bratislava , or even better all the way to budapest . 
  there 's just something about traveling from one great ( but not too big ! ), 
  city to another by river . 
  i think if i wanted to splurge i 'd pick a nice hotel in bratislava , and then do vienna and budapest by boat . 
  i wonder if there is still hydrofoils between the cities ? 
  one day for vienna and maybe stay overnight in budapest for the food . 
  vienna and bratislava are close enough that it does n't matter much which one you fly into . 
  august is a very crowded month , and can be hot , but not hot like in italy or greece . 
  me too !, 
  i 'd also add jordan to the list . 
  only place i 've been to is samarkand , and that was as a young teenager in 1986 ( i think ) . 
  quite stunning that central square with the madrassas . 
  but buchara was somehow more interesting , more organic and you felt the history there much more than in samarkand . 
  at that time ( early gorbachev years ) what was most interesting was actually the difference between uzbekistan and leningrad - how much better the food was ( our russian intourist guide was absolutely in heaven , ate everything in sight ) , how vibrant the local marketplace was . 
  also the weird thing in museums where on one hand imperial russia was bad , but on the other hand also good . 
  that 's a really interesting list - i wonder if it is accurate ? 
  that list puts finland below sweden , but here * every * shop has both normal milk and uht milk . 
  the uht is almost always low-lactose . 
  since i never drink milk as milk , and am moderately lactose intolerant , i really like that it is available everywhere . 
  the taste is no issue when you put it in coffee or use it for cooking . 
  it is a tiny bit more expensive than regular milk ( for store brand , the branded varieties gets noticeably more expensive ) , but it is worth it for the convenience of never having to remember how much milk you have at home in the fridge , i just see to it that i always have one extra unopened . 
  and it really lasts and lasts and lasts , way beyond the best before date . 
  surely someone does ? 
  or you would n't have all the other packaging alternatives ? 
  i think one reason why it never caught on here ( & presumably also sweden and other places where it once existed but no does n't ) was that it was the first / one of the first forms of selling pre-packaged milk . 
  when going from taking your milk bottle/can along to the shop , giving it to the shop assistant to fill it up , and then walking home with it again and placing it in your fridge or cool larder ( or paying much more for milk in actual glass bottles ) , to just picking a package yourself from a shelf it is a big transition . 
  so any small faults/inconveniences in the packaging will make people extra grumpy . 
  plastic bags for liquids is also quite unappealing esthetically , no matter what you print on it . 
  even though i have very little experience with milk or cream sold in bags , i imagine it is n't that easy to puncture them by accident and create a huge mess . 
  but that is only because of reasoning : if they were as fragile as they look , they would n't be on the market anywhere for any length of time . 
  and related to that : i wonder if the material used in the 50/60/70ies was less user friendly than what they use now ? 
  material science and plastics has advanced quite a lot , so it is very possible that the milk bags old people complained about and make fun of were quite different from the ones used today . 
   nowadays - cartons in a shape like this milk from my small hometown that shape is called a tetra-brik . 
  in finland it is mainly used for uht milk mostly ( and for juices and custards and milk alternatives ) . 
  regular milk is mostly sold in gable top cartons . 
  ( there does n't nowadays seem to be anything intrinsic about the packaging shape and shelf-life , there are actually gable-top uht milk also available . 
  it is probably for historic reasons that the brik-shape is more common for things that do n't need refrigeration . ), 
  i have heard stories that we used to have milk in bags before i was born/around the time i was born ( 1972 ) , and everyone always says it was very un-practical and no one liked it . 
  i have no memories of ever seeing milk in finland in bags , only that typical carton ( what is it called ? 
  edit : it is galled a ** gable top ** ) , and tetra-briks . 
  i think i 've also read something about this packaging in sweden , with a tone of `` lol wut tf ?! '', 
  and pictures of the pitchers one was supposed to use with it , so i guess it has also been used there at some point . 
  i 've tried it twice . 
  first time it was n't that bad , second time i actually could n't eat much of it at all and got slightly nauseous . 
  i think the difference was that the first time there was a choice of fillets and whole fish , and a veteran very kindly steered me towards the fillets and helped by showing me the optimum way of preparing it on my plate so it actually tasted pretty good . 
  second time i just could n't get it right and gave up pretty quickly . 
  my experience was that the actual flesh of the fish * is * quite tasty , but skin , bones , innards ( & of course the brine ) is horrible , far too close in taste to the smell . 
  also , soft flatbread really helps . 
  as do onions and other additives . 
  yeah , but they 've gone seriously mainstream only this last year . 
  the name literally means box or drawer . 
  there 's the traditional christmas casseroles of swede/rutabaga , potato , carrot and liver ( different families have a different assortment of these at christmas ) . 
  especially the liver one is also eaten all around the year . 
  and then there is makaronil\u00e5da / laatikko - minced meat and pasta , cabbage ( with and without minced meat ) and mashed potatoes ( with meat , a bit like a shepherds pie ) . 
  all of them available as ready meals from all supermarkets . 
  another thing that is common enough in finland but not seen much abroad is reindeer meat . 
  especially smoked and salted . 
  again available in every small supermarket . 
  verrry tasty but pricy compared to beef or horse . 
  fresh reindeer meat is also available , but except for frozen shavings not that common . 
  very tasty , but again quite expensive . 
  ( imported deer meat is nowadays very common , and i think this is because it tastes similar to reindeer but is much less expensive . ), 
  blood pancakes - not exclusive to finland , but pretty common . 
  again , you can buy them ready made in even the smallest shops . 
  when i was a child ( 70-80ies ) you could also get a dry blood pancake mix , but i 've been searching for that for decades now without any luck . 
  another not-exclusive-but-more-common-here-than-elsewhere thing is spinach pancakes . 
  perennial favourite in schools , also available ready-made in all shops . 
   it 's important that they are made from black bread . 
  indeed . 
  i remember first encountering estonian garlic bread in the mid 90-ies , before it was mass-produced as a snack and every little bar made their own . 
  heaven !, 
  then you started mass producing it , even exporting it , and i tried buying it a few times , but it was just meh . 
  have n't wanted to taste it since . 
  nowadays i can get estonian-type black bread here in finland , but unfortunately i am too lazy to make garlic bread myself . 
  so i fear that heavenly taste of fried black bread dripping with garlic butter will stay a fond memory of my youth :-), 
  interesting . 
  now the curd bars are invading finland too . 
  they have even reached my local , very very small grocery store . 
  interesting . 
  i first encountered pumpkin oil in one single restaurant in slovakia , and was instantly smitten . 
  have bought it in germany a few times to take home , and have even seen it here in finland here and there the last few years . 
  i agree about it being extremely tasty on salads . 
  it was my gateway to oils on salad in general , before my meeting with pumpkin oil i hated any oil on salad , now i can eat like a normal person without a fuss . 
  kofola is lovely . 
  less sweet , more herbs , more coffein . 
  not as carbonated . 
  it 's a pity it is n't exported . 
  now i want to travel to czech-or-slovakia again . 
   for 18th century war history , helsinki has sveaborg , an island fort that is still inhabited by hundreds of people . 
  there are guided tours daily . 
  sveaborg was used in ww2 as well and there is an old ww2 era submarine people can visit , and the south coast as multiple old cannons . 
  also worth noting that sveaborg was mainly built in the mid 18th century ( starting in around 1750 ) , so if you are at all interested in late pre-modern stuff , this is a very interesting place .
