  up until the late 80-ies or early 90-ies i think they were practically the only muslims here . 
  i think they were/are viewed as similar to our ( also very small ) jewish minority . 
  they have their own cemetery and their mosque ( which is actually more of a normal commercial building with shops and offices , i believe the actual mosque is in the courtyard ) . 
  used to be associated with fur trading , i believe . 
  seen as totally integrated . 
  bosniaks ? 
  do n't know any , do n't know how many we might have . 
  think they are just seen as `` yugoslavs '' , maybe on the more positive side ( most victimised group in the wars , most secular group ) . 
  albanians , again not many . 
  some refugees , and some debate in the papers about whether they have reasons for asylum or not . 
  it was an albanian who [ shot a bunch of people ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sello_mall_shooting ) some years ago , but i do n't think that incident has impacted the general view of the people . 
   the aspirated ( ? ), 
  h in a word like kahvi . 
  how am i supposed to make it sound nice without sounding like i 'm dying ?!, 
  interesting question . 
  would it help at all to think of - hv - as a sort of weaker form of - f - ? 
  loanwords are n't that hard in practice , because they are still perfectly understandable even if you do n't get the finnish sounds 100 % . 
  it is worse with words like vahva or kahva , there you absolutely need to hear the - h - and the - v - ... 
  see , this is exactly what i am talking about !, 
  there 's loads of finely tuned nuances baked into these compound words , and as a non-native you can appreciate it , even enjoy it , while reading or listening to a really great speaker . 
  but it also makes you feel like a semi-literate idiot as soon as you need to produce any finnish yourself . 
  oh , and here 's another thing that is very problematic about finnish : it is ridiculously difficult to translate ( into swedish or english ) , especially if it is abstract and needs to be both accurate and flowing . 
  often you need access to the person who wrote the original , because in finnish you can leave some things open and the text still makes sense , whereas in se and en you need a definite object/agent/whatever . 
  hungarian is worse . 
  finnish ( & estonian ) at least has recognisable loanwords ... :-), 
  it can be hard to distinguish between different lengths of consonants and vowels , especially in clusters or in the middle of words , even when you 've been exposed to them all your life . 
  objects . 
  `` best to only use negative sentences '' the locational or adverbial compounds are a joy in reading and in speech , but very frustrating if you are trying to write formally correct finnish . 
  this is really my biggest frustration with finnish : the possibilities for really elegant sentences is always there , but for the non-native it is far too easy to stumble on it , so you feel forced to use simpler language than you would want . 
  `` rannempana '' - beautiful , but it feels safer to say `` l\u00e4hell\u00e4 rantaa '' [ shit , should it be ranta ? 
  ca n't remember how i started the sentence ... ], 
  also in swedish and finnish . 
   ich kenne meine pappenheimer ( i know my pappenheimers ) - meaning `` i know my flaws '' interesting !, 
  i 've heard this one in swedish as a child , mainly by older people ( in finland , more specifically helsinki , generally people born < 1950 or even 1940 ) , but with a slightly different meaning : `` i know the flaws/excentricities/weaknesses of my * team * or * process * or * method * '' extremely seldom to never meaning just one person . 
  typical usage ( as i remember it ) would be one teacher to another `` how was the outing with 4b ? '', 
  `` oh , they 're a rowdy bunch , but i know my pappenheimers , so it was n't so bad '' . 
  or teacher to class : `` i 'll start by moving you , mark , to sit beside anna and niklas , you are here in front - i know your pappenheimers , and we will have none of that this hour ! '', 
  or more generally `` he really knew his pappenheimers , so he managed to get the project working smoothly , despite ... '', 
  for the second route , already just transylvania has some pretty nice landscapes ... and it is bigger than you think . 
  and just slightly to the north of it you have maramures , also some quite nice landscapes ( though i do n't know how it is in winter , might be mostly foggy and depressing or really really cold and desolate ) . 
  plus the slovaks are very into hiking and skiing , so information is good ( though not always in english ) . 
  that time of year it will mostly be skiing though , i guess . 
  food is much better in budapest and hungary , though ( sorry slovaks , that 's just how it is ) . 
  depending on how much time you have i might recommend you cut out prague and/or bucharest - just vienna , slovakia ( banska bystrica and kosice are nice towns ) , hungary and transylvania is more than enough for 3-4 weeks . 
  thx , very interesting perspective . 
  i sort of prefer a longer view . 
  not quite rome vs constantinople , but almost . 
  maybe because my country was actually `` civilized '' from both sides and still has both both a lutheran and a greek orthodox state church :-) . 
  thanks , but i still do n't quite understand what you mean . 
  are you sort of trying to fit liberalism and parliamentarianism into `` western values '' as some kind of needed core requirement ? 
  i do n't think that quite works , because then there would have been no `` west '' ( outside of maybe britain and sweden , maybe an italian city state or two here and there ) in the 15th century . 
  which becomes rather weird when you think of it . 
  i do n't really think there is one `` western '' idea throughout history when it comes to either form of government or personal freedoms . 
  it slowly grows and spreads and changes . 
  of course one * might * equate `` west '' with basic enlightenment ideas . 
  but then you are just drawing an arbitrary line in time again . 
  but it is an attractive idea . 
  hmmm . 
  i 'll have to think about that . 
  btw , does anyone know about lindt chocolate , what gives it that buttery taste ? 
  which many love and i ~ ~ hate ~ ~ do n't really appreciate that much . 
  i 'm pretty sure i would have spotted butyric acid in the ingredients if it was there , ditto for that pop-corn flavouring ( diacetyl ) , so what is it ? 
  does n't make any sense , except if you read `` west '' as `` north west '' or anglo-germanic , plus we 'll - let-the-french-in-if-they-cook-for-us . 
  or simpy `` west is us civilized folks , everyone foreign is not '' . 
  that 's a weird question . 
  it 's like you are asking what the distinction between cold and sunny is . 
  different categories . 
  in one sense all of europe is west ( as opposed to far east , meaning japan/china/indonesia / thailand/etc/india ) . 
  if you want to include the americas in `` west '' it is pretty self-evident that europe is the part of the west that is uh , within europe ? 
  there are some ( arguable ) parts of europe that in some definitions would not be `` west '' - russia , ukraine , belarus , moldavia , turkey . 
  the lands in the caucasus region would usually not be either european or western too . 
  but in other definitions ( see above ) they might be included . 
  the whole concept of `` west '' is a bit bothersome these days - shades of `` ca n't define it , but know it when i see it '' . 
   fully embracing these western ideas makes a country part of the `` west '' , which is why even though germans were instrumental to western thought , germany only fully becomes part of the west after ww1 . 
  could you expand on this ? 
  what was `` eastern '' about any part of germany before ww1 ? 
  if you are including austria-hungary in `` germany '' i might ever so slightly agree - nope , i wo n't . 
  a few minorities here and there is n't enough imo . 
  btw : the latin ( + reformation ) vs greek/orthodox/eastern christianity is one model , but i would n't mix it with the 20th century socialist - non socialist one , because that only muddles things horribly . 
  or are you thinking feudal systems ? 
  hmm , then it gets horribly complicated . 
  that 's so all over the place , especially in middle europe , that i really would n't go there . 
  i 'd stick to either religion ( or even alphabet ) , or take a myopic 20th century view . 
  and even before that i have a distinct memory of him and his wives figuring in gossip rags - was n't ivana quite known for flashy/tacky/ott dresses ? 
  ( hmm , might have been swedish gossip rags , but same difference . ), 
  feel good !, 
  czechs ( and slovaks ) are like our middle-european brothers and sisters , only with wine and better beer . 
  ( not joking - the similarities might be superficial , but they are definitely there : nature crazy , hockey-crazy , everyone has a summer cottage ( or an allotment ) , very fond of technical solutions , national dishes that look like shit but are actually tasty , general demeanor wrt service professions - a finn feels right at home in brno or zilina ! ), 
  depends on how good your italian is , i supposed :-) bilingual maybe ? 
  interesting question . 
  i think the only way to test this would be to have people who _ do n't _ know english ^ 1 listen to random clips and ask them what languages they thought they heard . 
  i used to have real problems identifying strong indian english as english , but it did n't take much before i just filed it away as yet another possible melody . 
  i think it is also very problematic to mix true foreign accents with native accents and semi-native accents . 
  these last ones is where it gets really tricky : people who regularly speak english as one of their languages , regardless of how many other languages they also speak - india , hong kong , singapore , parts of africa , malta etc. 
  these speakers are often the hardest to understand ( at least for a non-native speaker ) because compared to people speaking english as a foreign language they speak fast and use lots of idioms , and all in a rather unfamiliar rhythm and cadence , at least for those of us who got rp in school and american from tv . 
  really thick british accents also fall into this category . 
  some 25 years ago ( ie before you could listen to radio from anywhere over the internet ) i met a bloke from manchester and i absolutely could n't understand a word he said . 
  compared to the standard varieties of english i had heard up to then his speech was like danish is to swedish . 
  ^ 1 or at least know significantly less english than what is needed to read and write here . 
  or listen to the bbc or cnn .
