   ` gay german ' is fucking hilarious . 
  yup , but the gay/camp uk one is even better . 
  i wonder who/what it is patterned on , because it somehow seems sooo familiar . 
  only in sweden ... :-), 
  if they were older ( 50 + ) it might be because german tourists used to have a bad reputation for being overly cheap , loud and ( perceived as ) rude . 
  not a * very * bad reputation , but still on the minus-side of the scale . 
  finnish attitudes to germany and germans can vary quite a bit . 
  many who has some contact to germany or germans are very positive . 
  whereas people whose only encounter with anything german is fighting over the breakfast buffets at resorts in spain and consuming only english language foreign films and tv might be quite negatively inclined . 
  i 've been offered italian , hungarian , french , dutch , american and british , but more often russian , german , swedish , norwegian , danish and finnish . 
  and of course every local nationality where i 've visited in eastern and middle europe . 
  recently even turkish in istanbul . 
  am swedish speaking finn . 
  blond , too short to be icelandic ( or stereotypical norwegian or swedish ) , definitely not the melody of sweden if they hear me talk , ditto for russian . 
  i do n't mind people mistaken me for anything really - i know i am very hard to place . 
  what i do mind is street vendors , waiters or random people trying to get my attention by guessing my nationality . 
  irritating and intrusive . 
   estonian sounds nothing alike to russian or any other indo-european language for that matter it actually sounds quite a bit like the swedish i speak , southern finland . 
  especially children . 
  living in helsinki i am used to hearing mostly finnish around me , and every time i visit tallinn and happen upon a group of children ( in a park , museum , tram etc ) i do a double take because at a distance it sounds so much like `` my language '' . 
  and for very untrained ears i imagine it might also sound a bit like finnish or even icelandic . 
  even us swedish speaking finns sometimes ... nah , i do n't get offended . 
  the terijoki regime never really controlled much of anything and was very shortlived . 
  are you trolling ? 
  i think they do , or some of them do * . 
  sometimes i ( swedish speaking finn ) can mistake sami for estonian or vice versa , if it is a radio or a tv in the background or something like that where you ca n't quite make out individual words or phrases . 
  * ) different sami languages can look and sound very very different from each other . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://se.wikipedia.org/wiki/s%c3%a1megielat#.c3.81h.c4.8d.c4.8di_min_-rohkos_ear.c3.a1_s.c3.a1megielain ) a few variants of the lords prayer in ( at least ) four different sami-languages . 
  thank you !, 
  this could be the key i 've been searching for to easily distinguish ( written ) latvian from lithuanian , and one that is even possible to remember ( lt is next to pl , ogonek and slash-l did n't spread further north , + of course shared history & religion ) . 
  dang , you 're right !, 
  :-) but czech has that circle over the u - i think that 's the one i notice . 
  eta : for some reason i do n't seem to notice the diacrit 's so much in slovak , i do n't know why ? 
  is there maybe a difference in how things are usually type-set or something ? 
  btw , i just noticed that the czech republic is cz but the czech language is cs - whaaa ?!, 
  why ? 
   the spanish have the same `` th '' sound as english , this is a good one , i think i actually use this quite a bit . 
  any ideas about spanish vs catalan vs portuguese ? 
   while the italians have a `` zz '' mking the sound `` dzz '' and `` cc '' making the sound `` tch '' now this is interesting , i 've never thought of that , beyond as a pronounciation rule . 
  the tch-sound is very prominent in my variation of swedish , as is a less voiced dz-sound . 
  might explain why i find italian easier to separate into words than spanish when listening . 
  ( or it might be down to my misspent youth listening to opera with the italian text in front of me ... ), 
   latvian words end with - s , lithuanian adds a vowel before the - s. latvian also sounds a bit `` whinier '' . 
  thanks !, 
  it really does n't help that latvian and lithuanian seem to share word roots , like * viesnica * vs * viesbutis * ( hotel ) - and drat , i managed to pick an example that goes against your - s rule !, 
  glad to hear it :-) i 've heard the same from danes with some of their dialects . 
  and there are definitely some swedish dialects ( both in sweden and in finland ) that are like this . 
  you 're right it does n't really help :-) , i need something that works from a scandinavian/finnish/estonian perspective . 
  to me both lithuanian and latvian are like gibberish with occasional recognisable cognates . 
  and i can never tell them apart . 
  i 'm the idiot who constantly mixes up * paldies * and * a\u010di\u016b * . 
  things like * saldus * vs * salds * does n't help either ( yes , my preferred method of getting acquainted with languages is food and menues ) . 
  i have learned not to try :-) . 
  i sometimes * think * i can , but in practice i 've noticed that i really ca n't . 
  i used to think that dutch-dutch was easier to pick out individual words from , but it really is n't , it is just a question of the individual speakers ' dialect and how fast they are speaking . 
   baltic yes please tell me more !, 
  how do you distinguish latvian from lithuanian ? 
  melody ? 
  words ? 
  the nordic ones are easy , maybe with a slight hesitation distinguishing when it comes to faroeish - icelandic . 
  for greenland i could n't for the life of me distinguish different inuit languages , and would probably even have difficulties identifying any inuit as such . 
  sami languages much the same , no clue how to identify what is what . 
  would usually be able to identify it as sami though ( thanks to oddasat ! ) . 
  and i 'll let eesti into nordic here as well :-) . 
  estonian sounds pretty different from finnish to me . 
  ( funnily enough estonian children heard at a distance sound pretty much like my own `` tribe '' , swedish speaking finns - the melody of estonian is a bit similar to the swedish spoken in southern finland . ), 
  lithuanian and latvian are really difficult , and can even be difficult to place if i only hear it and do n't see anything written . 
  this is also highly dependent on context - if i heard latvian while in poland i 'd probably think it was lithuanian and vice versa if i heard it in finland . 
  dutch or flemish can be really hard to distinguish , because both varieties seem to have dialects that are `` easy '' ( ie i can pick out individual words ) and dialects that are hopeless ( total sound-porridge ) . 
  but since they are varieties of the same language i believe no-one would be offended anyway . 
  some danish or german dialects might also trip me up - when something sounds vaguely danish or german but is impossible to understand i tend to think dutch/flemish , or something small like frisian or letzeb\u00fcrgish . 
  the british minority languages ( scots , irish , welsh ) would probably be a real challenge to me out of context . 
  if i could pick out an english loan word i might be able to place it geographically , but that 's all . 
  i 've heard too little spanish , catalan and portuguese to be really confident in distinguishing between them . 
  default assumption would be spanish , if that does n't quite fit it would be * almost * guessing . 
  if i am really not paying attention , italian , especially dialectal , might also get caught up in this cluster of `` romance , south , do n't - quite-know '' . 
  but usually i can distinguish italian/spanish quite easily . 
  romanian should be easy , because romance + slavic loan words . 
  might not always be that in practice , but i do n't think i 've ever guessed it wrong . 
  hungarian is a case of excluding other possibilities : sounds middle-european , but is clearly not german or slavic = hungarian . 
  also extremely few words , if any , that can be understood by knowing cognates in other languages . 
  and then there 's all the slavic languages . 
  i can usually pick out russian , even though some intonations/dialects can throw me off initially . 
  conversely i can also usually tell that a slavic language is n't russian ( one of my coarse filters is * spasiba vs djekuje/dakujem/d-whatever * for thank you ) . 
  but when it comes to distinguishing polish-slovak-ukrainian - czech and croatian-serbian-slovene ( and bulgarian and belarussian - both of which i 've heard so seldom that i really do n't have any kind of grasp of them ) it is really hard if i have no written or situational clues . 
  polish is perhaps the one that would be easiest to separate from the others - but then again the first time i visited western ukraine i went several days before i realised that all the polish words i heard around me were actually ukrainian words . 
  oops . 
  but if it has loads of different sch-sounds and is n't russian , it is probably polish . 
  in written form polish , slovak and czech are quite easy to tell apart . 
  polish has the letter clusters and czech has the funny diacritics . 
  slovak has neither ( and for this non-slavic speaker it is the easiest one to read ) . 
  the south-slavic languages - nope , ca n't tell them apart . 
  can hardly separate them from the other non-russian ones . 
  well , usually i can . 
  maybe . 
  in writing it is almost easy , but in listening it depends so much on context and dialect that it is easy to miss . 
  do n't know if i can tell albanian and greek apart when spoken - maybe ? 
  might be able to identify greek , but not sure about albanian . 
  really interesting question , thanks u/zelenejlempl !, 
  made me think , and realise that there 's really quite a lot more languages in europe that i absolutely suck at identifying than i thought .
