  my two favourite mugs are a bit random : nr 1 . is a ( now slightly chipped ) mug i bought for ~ 2 euros as part of a birthday package as a for my husband ( then boyfriend ) . 
  he does n't like it , i use it all the time . 
  it is big and widens slightly in a nice straight line . 
  cheap early nineties non-figurative almost pastel-y decor , think fabric scraps for interiors for car ferries or really nice institutions . 
  nr 2 . is beige and very plain , slightly rounded form . 
  bought in kaunas while on a car trip long ago , ca n't remember why anymore . 
  both are very pleasant to hold , and just the right thickness . 
  not fine porcelain - thin , but not clunky thick . 
  brands vary . 
  often there is some nescaf\u00e9 espresso in the mix . 
  jacobs millicano / momente ( w/o any stupid flavouring ) is a favourite , but is n't sold in my country . 
  the perfect cup is a random occurrence that happens when the right mix of different instants hits the right time of day and the right instant-to-water ratio . 
  sometimes the perfect cup is made in a presso brewer or with ground coffee in a mug ( like in eastern europe ) . 
  whatever dark roast happens to be available that has n't died of old age . 
  eta : the nespresso machine can also make nice things . 
  what would you do with cold water ? 
  water from the electric kettle , a little before or after it has turned itself off . 
  the instant coffee must then be allowed to stand a minute or so before even thinking of drinking it . 
  strongish . 
  but my taste seem to vary . 
  as i said , the perfect cup is a serendipitous event that ca n't be predicted . 
  always sugar , 2-4 lumps depending on size of lumps . 
  preferably added before the hot water . 
  skim milk about 1/4 to 1/3 of the total cup volume . 
  biscuits ? 
  hmm . 
  not necessary . 
  ditto for a piece of cheese or anything else . 
  a nice sandwich with ryebread , cheese and salad can be a perfect companion . 
  very salty snacks like salt sticks or potato crisps should be avoided in combination with coffee - it tricks my body into believing i have eaten some real food . 
  feeling weak and becoming irritable and angry follows 4-6 hours later . 
  boiled eggs ? 
  quick and easy to do in your sleep . 
  especially hard boiled eggs are really easy : put eggs in cold water on the stove , jump into the shower , 10-15 minutes later your eggs are nice and ready to be shelled and sliced ... 
  you are a really good writer , i think i 've laughed at all your posts in this thread . 
  just wanted to tell you . 
   a slightly burnt milk taste . 
  as i was writing i thought about whether to describe the taste of low-lactose as `` milk that has been thoroughly boiled '' , but then went with `` sweet '' , as that is how i most often see it described . 
  for myself i do n't think of the taste as `` sweet '' , i always think of it as `` boiled '' . 
  since the taste does n't bother me ( never drink milk as such , only in coffee and in food ) , and low lactose and long shelf life are important to me , i really like that these are available . 
   you guys in europe are like food mad scientists when it comes to milk . 
  i have had uht milk and it is disgusting . 
  yup :-) and finland seem to be especially mad scientist-y wrt milk . 
  uht milk is usually not disgusting per se , but if it was low lactose milk ( which it often is ) i can understand you ; there 's a definite difference in taste . 
  slightly sweeter - which is part of the reason i like it in coffee . 
  another reason for finding it disgusting is temperature , since it does n't have to be refrigerated ( before opening ) the first glasses would be lukewarm and milk at room temperature tastes very different from cold milk . 
   i am curious why jam died out though , did the soviets take the knowledge to make it with them ? 
  ( i am joking but am still curious ) not estonian , and no soviet past for finland , but i 've noticed the same thing : jam and jellies becoming less common . 
  i think it is just a slow generational thing . 
  might have to do with fresh imported fruits becoming more available ( and cheaper ) year round , and hence jams and preserves losing their importance as `` winter fruits '' . 
  my grandmothers grew up with few imported fruits available in winter ( ~ 1920ies ) , for my parents ' generation ( born 1940ies ) imported things were still scarce after the war . 
  in that world jams and preserves are a big part of fruit during the winter . 
  another thing that contributes is a general move away from desserts ( it seems to be slowly changing again ) as something un-healthy and outmoded . 
  the generations born 1910-1930-iesh still saw a simple dessert ( cookies , berry-soup , custard , a fruit or some tinned pineapple etc ) as a normal part of an everyday dinner , people born after that do n't . 
  my husband had `` everyday desserts '' as a child in the early 60ies , i did n't in the mid-70ies . 
  in the 80-ies desserts really became something `` bad '' , lots of dessert-products ( custard powder , jelly-mix , things like that ) just disappeared from stores . 
  now they are coming back , but more often as ready-made than as powder mixes . 
   [ strawberries ] personally i found no difference . 
  in this case the difference was staggering . 
  the cheaper variety was frozen and packaged in belgium ( iirc ) from morrocan grown strawberries . 
  the more expensive variety ( more than double the price / kg ) was finnish grown , frozen & packaged . 
  the latter was much sweeter , had a much stronger flavour and the berries were smaller and more colourful . 
  i hate it when the cheaper product turns out to be very inferior !, 
   i find it odd but interesting you put jam on hearty foods . 
  see above in the thread - not jam in general , but specifically lingonberry . 
   what percent milk fat do you have access too ( here it is skim , 1 % , 2 % and homo milk ) loads of varieties , and almost all are also available as low lactose or non-lactose , also as uht long shelf-life . 
  me personally i use almost exclusively low-lactose skim in coffee and whole ( about 3.5 % , sometimes low lactose , sometimes full lactose ) for porridges and cooking generally . 
  other common varieties are 1 % and 1,5 % fat . 
  i think 1,5 % is the most common . 
  the newest milk variety is a 2,5 % `` cooking milk '' where they have removed some proteins that are particularly prone to burning . 
  it actually works pretty well , you do n't have to be paranoid about constant stirring when cooking milk-based porridges . 
  ( technically the non-lactose varieties and the `` cooking milk '' are `` milk drinks '' , but nobody pays attention to that - it 's just that when you modify milk in certain ways it ca n't be legally sold as `` milk '' . ), 
  not in finland , and i 've never encountered quark with curd/bits in germany either . 
  the only place i 've had quark with curd/bits was in eastern poland at a b&b - it was delicious !, 
  but i could n't find that particular type ( curds , very creamy , very low acidity/tartness ) it in grocery stores in poland either , so maybe it was a very local thing . 
  you are asking too much in one question !, 
  but let 's see - i 'll start off by saying that i happen to live so that i could go grocery shopping every day , but usually it happens 2-3 times a week . 
  ditto for my husband ( we are both middle-aged and childless ) - we usually go to different stores , he likes big and fancy and i like convenient in the building next door . 
  today i bought low-lactose skim milk ( for my coffee , sometimes i think i 'm a calf i drink so much of this ) , mineral water , vanilla flavoured quark , frozen strawberries ( two different varieties to test whether the more expensive one is really better ) , ready made fish-balls ( like meatballs but fish ) and a few tins of fruit . 
  not really a typical shopping list for me , typical would be something like milk , eggs , black bread , ham , cheese , mineral water , chocolate . 
  my nearest store is not that great for fruit and veg , so husband usually gets those . 
  but let 's see your list : * peanut butter - nope , never bought that . 
  i think you can find it more easily these days . 
  * jam/jelly/preserves - oh yes . 
  quite a large selection . 
  lingonberry to eat with meatballs , cabbage rolls , liver etc is very important !, 
  also of course strawberry or raspberry with ice cream or pancakes and such . 
  * ready to eat meals - yes , these are quite common . 
  some are good , some not . 
  i do n't buy these very often . 
  what is also quite common is `` almost ready to eat '' , like my fishballs today . 
  not a complete meal , but a ready made component of a meal . 
  again , some are good , some horrible . 
  * common breakfast items - do n't really know . 
  tea/coffee and some bread and cheese ? 
  yoghurt maybe . 
  i grew up in a jam & toast household myself , but sweet things in the morning seems a bit frowned on here . 
  * cereals - very common , judging by the variety m\u00fcsli seems rather popular . 
  hot cereals/porridge is quite common too , even in nifty one-serving instant packets . 
  * common beverages - milk , mineral waters , soda - usual coke/pepsi/sprite / 7up/fanta and also local brands .
