hi falconic love you and your work, 
  that doesnt make him less of a cunt tho, 
  he might be correct about this but please dont call him `` turkish president '' . . 
  he is [ georgian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/recep_tayyip_erdo%c4%9fan ) * ( go to personal life and education part ) * he is the biggest middle finger georgia showed to the world after stalin . 
  dude you do n't understand . 
  i do n't want to leave my country . 
  i wante refugees to leave my country . 
  why are you giving me visa ? 
  give visa to refugees ffs . 
  yup isis, 
  wait i thought bulgarians loved russia ? 
  weird . 
  logic does n't follow here . 
  let 's be brutally honest and go step by step . 
  - bulgaria is in eu , turkey not ( this of course depends on what you think , like maybe you think eu is a bad thing so disregard this point if you are anti eu ) - if bulgaria as a country is not oppressing these guys there is no reason to get away . 
  - people do n't blow themselves up in bulgaria . 
  - you do n't have to hear one cocksucker 's voice every day . 
  - that cocksucker 's supporters do n't fuck your brain every day . 
  - you , with a bulgarian passport can go to any country in europe and work or live there without the shit i myself have to put up with . 
  so considering these points we should allow bulgaria to annex turkey not the other way around . 
  the only disadvantage you guys have is azis the awkward person but you can ignore him so . 
  edit : after reading the message again i got that you are a turk lol . 
  what friends georgia ? 
  you mofos gave stalin and erdogan to the world . 
  joking aside i love the georgians . 
  super cultured super educated people . 
  but i do n't get it why are you guys fixated on him ? 
  is there a reason ? 
  because it 's been quite a long time i heard anything about bulgaria in the news here . 
  no , he did n't say this . 
  i could n't find any source . 
  greeks and bulgars are awkward people , why the hell would we want to get your land ? 
  like what good would it do to us ? 
  especially tayyip erdogan , least nationalist person . . why would he care other turks abroad, 
  they see turkey like an ex-gf . 
  they want to break-up but also do n't want her to go to some other dude . 
  gained because of 2 reasons . 
  1 - opposition said if we do any kind of operations we will lose thousands of our kids . 
  the total loss in the entire operation was 72 or some very low number . 
  2 - government propaganda . 
  they said `` you see ? 
  they said thousands but we did n't lose even a hundred ! '', 
  ( as if fucking pigs commanded the army themselves . . ) also for a reason i dont understand , `` we '' prevented kurds to connect the cantons and it was like a success or something . 
  in my personal opinion it was a stalemate and a useless stuff . 
  let the kurds have their country so fucking what . 
  mostly people from ~ ~ ankara ~ ~ ** angara ** will boast about the friendship , values and whatnot . 
  not the things like weather and the god damn sea . 
  ankara is a grey city , its not funny or interesting , its not a tourism destination , its a capital and full of politics not for edgy university teenagers to scream how istanbul is better every time they come there . 
  thats why i can relate to this polish person here . 
  me too thanks, 
  i do n't care your or anyone else 's generalization , its just not a thing that generally cultured and well-behaved people do . 
  trash talking someone 's country is a straight up sign that this person is uneducated , uncultured and has lack of self confidence . 
  i would understand if she was jokingly teasing you to mess with you in a lighthearted way but she does not sound like someone that close to you so its unacceptable . 
  just stay away from such people why do you even let it come close to you, 
  tell that turkish girl that istanbul is unlivable with 16 million people in a tightly packed area . 
  its the classic istanbul people , i 'm from ankara and in my university times my friends from istanbul constantly used to trash ankara cuz there is no sea there , weather is shit during winter etc etc. 
  as if cocksuckers are just living by the sea coast in one of those expensive villas . 
  people from istanbul and izmir generally tend to do that . 
  ( inb4 butthurt izmir the best ppl ) edit : its like how do you know someone is from new york ? 
  * well dont worry they will tell you . 
  * literally the same situation with istanbul and izmir people . 
  there is a weird `` hellenoturkism '' stuff going on , which i dont even know did i write it corretly . 
  holy shit you are holding the pipe ???? 
  do n't even touch the pipe dude . 
  just when the water comes , put your hand under your balls and let water reflect from your hand to your buttocks , wait 30-40 secs and its good as new . 
  i cant believe i 'm having a conversation on how to wash your ass without touching the water pipe on an adult forum lol . 
  - supported mujahedeen against soviets - that created taliban - fought mujahedeen yourselves . 
  - afghanistan is messed up . 
  - guess who did it ( at least took part in it ) - profit ??? 
  - millions of refugees in iran . 
  - iran is now sending them to turkey . 
  - they do n't want to stay in turkey , they want to use turkey as a bridge to go europe . 
  - turkish government is unhappy cuz voters are getting more and more angry every day . 
  - eu is not happy because they know turkey cant/wont hold 6.5 ~ million refugees in total and they will come to them . 
  hmmm but 9/11 and her emails . 
  oh fuck off , before i came to belarus i thought that 's what the toilet paper is for - to dry your ass . 
  we have that pipe on the toilet seat that pumps water directly to your ass/asshole and you just change the direction of the water ( with your hand ) towards the areas you want to wash . you do n't even need to finger/touch your asshole . 
  i have never used so much toilet paper in my life before i move to belarus because of wiping 100 times and sometimes i wipe longer than i take shit . 
  and also after the toilet `` wash your hands '' part is kinda a rule right ? 
  so wash it , do n't have poop stains on your hands . 
  hehe  says words and then `` you 've picked up '' . 
  im done with you dummy , you do not worth my time any longer than you 've already wasted . 
  i just have no words . 
  t_d and / pol / is waiting for you . 
  how did you convince yourself that im erdogan fan , i have no idea , if i was erdogan fan i would be like hell yeah so what , if i am not erdogan fan , i would be angry and you would lose your point . 
  in both cases you make no sense . 
  overall a bright fella are n't we ? 
  i love the whataboutism . 
   so its my fault that a british citizen carried out a terrorist attack in britain and nothiing to do with islam ? 
  i do not care is it your fault or not , you were questioning why sikhs and buddhist were not carrying out terrorist attacks and i answered . 
  ^ less ^ importantly ^ just ^ write ^ buddhist ^ and ^ myanmar ^ to ^ google ^ and ^ you ^ will ^ see ^ how ^ peaceful ^ they ^ are ^ but ^ i ^ know ^ you ^ wo n't i am living in a shit part of the world ? 
  why do you care which shit part i 'm living in ? 
  does that make your words more credible if i 'm living in a shit part ? 
  why does it matter in this context ? 
  just hoping that you are under 18 and your thoughts are not formed yet and still evolving around and you will mature enough to understand the world around you one day . 
  otherwise its sad . 
  why would you see sikh buddist jewish terorist attacks ? 
  did you create them ? 
  why ira existed ? 
  why they disappeared ?
