  stop i can only get so wet . . i need an og nsx, 
  taiwangun has a package with jpc and assorted pouches for $ 45, 
  spray paint them od or rg my dude . 
  are you holsing the green gas can upside down when filling the magazine ? 
  the gas is a liquid until released . 
  i love that gasmask stock on the ak , its so sexy !, 
  kwa mp9 my dude . 
  thats some propper fun right there . 
  arma 3 , with the amount of mods that add clothing and gear you 'll be able to replicate or try on almost any sort of loadout you would want . 
  you just need to work on your cardio brah, 
  you can get links pretty easily my dude , and they 're not that expensive . 
  aww man that gun was the shit in dayz , so many fond memories !, 
  8 , 6 on platecarrier and one in the gun . 
  85 rounders . 
  with one topped of highcap in a utility pouch for defensive games, 
  asg bio blaster 0.25 is what i use for outdoors . 
  krytac vetor when it is released or [ hera arms buttstock and foregrip < 3 ] ( https://www.hera-arms.com/kopie-von-triarii ) ( 3d printed copy if you cant find a good deal ), 
  holy shit these comments gave me cancer , look at the specna arms [ sa-h02 ] ( https://gunfire.pl/product-eng-1152212513-sa-h02-assault-rifle-replica.html ), 
  they are rebranded as something e & c i think ? 
  i know they are available somewhere in us, 
  oh man i used to use that in the homeguard as a 17 year old . 
  good fun the g3 , kicked like a motherfucker but thats part of the charm . 
  i expected the heavy recoil , and being a small person didnt help much either . 
  you 'll be fine as long as you dont dip the aeg in a puddle . 
  dont get water in the hopup and try to dry when you get home . 
  everyone in sweden take off their shoes when entering someones home , workplaces not always . 
  pistol tacos , you could buy affordable counterfeit from china . 
  id say netherlands , uk or possibly spain ? 
  i think most places in europe generally only play on weekends , atleast thats how it is in sweden . 
  yes all of the skirmish line are very good for the price . 
  a cyma trishot shotgun seems to fit the bill . 
  also od / mc masterrace, 
  i wish rg was more readily available . 
  i 'd change from od to rg in an instant its just so sexy !, 
  for some reason i love that aesthetic . 
  ^ i s ** ^ e ^ n ^ s ** e a * v e g e t a l *, 
  once every month on avarage, 
  maybe you are using crappy bbs that have swollen ? 
  cool maybe life as a diagnosed t1 wont be so fucking miserable in a few years . 
  we g17 is a real workhorse but will need a rail mounted adapter if you actually want to use it with a suppressor due to how the berrels moves down to cycle the gun . 
  * profusely sweating *, 
  go for the classic army , splendid bb blasters !, 
  theres something about your artstyle mleth , your art is amazing !, 
  you just do n't have enough of them yet . 
  th e c ^ u ^ b ^ e, 
  good boye, 
  i 've seen a video of a guy running over his e&l ak with his car , throwing it in dirt and water and it still wprked flawlessly . 
  i was half expecting a dab towards the end , im glad i was wrong . 
  worraz is my spirit animal . 
  a slightly modified mg3, 
  ca n't go wrong with we glock 19 if midsize glocks are your thing, 
  tokyo marui glock 17 and make sure you use low powered green gas . 
  i have no clue about propane but it 's recommended you use 144a gas with it . 
  if you want to use some higher power gas you could get a we glock 17 , but it wont be the best out of the box . 
  yeah that 's the one , [ also pick up this easy to install part and you have a really reliable and accurate gun ] ( http://boomarms.com/shop/item.cfm?id=ml-set-gl&amp;curr_code=usd ), 
  pack a 2 liter of regular water and a 500ml of water with a few teaspoons of sugar and a teaspoon of salt in it . 
  if you start to feel dehydrated chug down on that 500ml . 
  for food , i dont know how big you are or how much food you need but 2-3 nutbars and a chicken sallad will get me through a 14 hour gameday, 
  sounds like you dont have enough gas for the slide to properly blowback all the way on last shot . 
  maybe air in the gastank ? 
  mardu is my jam, 
  the war . 
  i try to clean mine every 3rd game . 
  my boi lookin f r e s h, 
  swedish civvy here , ex homeguard . 
  i myself do n't play in m90 but i 've been playing alot with veterans who wear their uniforms and patches . 
  never seen anyone claiming to be from some regimente and wearing their patch because how would you even get one unless you served there ? 
  oh and as a civvy we 're all equal on the airsoft field and if you have a big ego thinking you are better than everyone else playing just because you were military you can get out tbh . 
  its pretty common where i play to use those boxing mouthpieces on your upper row of teeth in play . 
  lowprofile and protects . 
  asg p-09 metal slide version , can use both gg and co2 mags and is pretty damn reliable . 
  in sweden the hard limit is 18 , however i think 16 would suffice . 
  your view boosts their ratings and make them reach a wider audience aka people without adblock might watch . 
  ares honey badgers are very good , strong internals , good polymer externals . 
  goddamn that 's the sexiest mp5 i 've ever seen !, 
  the bamboozle is on you , i use wired connection . 
  ziptie the back of the sling to the molle on the back . 
  put it on a flipflop !, 
  looks like those iraqi pmu special forces , was that what you were going for ? 
  ah well you guys look badass af, 
  how is it stock ? 
  been looking at the sa-a03 ( mk18 ) and this 416 . 
  i assume they are both the same inside . 
  cargo pants and a loose long sleeve . 
  dont layer too much especially not now during summer or you 'll get heatstroke / dehydrate . 
  and thats way worse than being bursted in ur back without a shirt . 
  actually had to take a second look i believed that was a real asval first, 
  also a smol airsofter despite being 19 . 
  if you dont mind , how tall and much do you weigh ? 
  wyat size emerson uniform is that ? 
  then i know what my next purchase will be :d, 
  you get more value for your product , it produces quicker and drains less supplies its worth it to get both upgrades, 
  cyma 045 would fit the criteria, 
  i know snigeldesigns most recent gear is made in gray/green-gray f\u00f6r the swedish armed forces . 
  a complete vest with 20 pouches is like 350 dollar i think . 
  as long as you arent overweight and can measure length and weight in metric you will most likely get a set that fits . 
  varuustaleka from finland is good a good place to buy from . 
  g&g 3 stick lipo would probably fit , 2 sticks under the handguard thing and the other stick above the gearbox, 
  a bit off topic maybe but can someone tell me how to actually wear a battlebelt ? 
  do i just wear the belt over the belt that keeps my pants from sagging ?
