  remove the back plate !, 
  made my jpc so much more comfortable, 
  happy to help !, 
  oh shit it silo !, 
  didnt realize you play airsoft !, 
  i 'm pretty sure it tm compatible . 
  except for the iron sights which fit real steel ? 
  also your imgur links are not working . 
  currently rocking od green jpc carrier , magpouches and combat shirt . 
  pants are woodland . 
  works great here in sweden atleast !, 
  ae86 corollas and ek9 's my man, 
  perfect for a trip to get som biltemak\u00f6\u00f6rv, 
  run loot . 
  should tell you everything thats wrong and fix your load orders . 
  i really want to buy this body armour and make some sort of sci fi special police outfit . 
  if only i could get my hands on a kriss vector ; - ;, 
  hey thats what i 've been doing aswell , 256 hours and prestige 10 level 43 . 
  trijicon red dot sight would looks hilarious on it . 
  fal , ak4 , kalashnikov variants like ak12 and a545 , at4 and some good smgs . 
  i 'd also like quality guns with grenade launcher that come with it . 
  that 'd be neat, 
  as an owner of both a combat machine and a ca delta 10 i find myself using the delta 10 more , the combat machine is my lend gun / backup . 
  its the first gen i think so it has not got the mosfet . 
  i like the feel and looks ( that comfy delta rail tho ) of the delta 10 more aswell as the trigger response which is snappier due to the mosfet . 
  the g & g also feels wobblier but maybe thats just mine . 
  both are viable tho so get what you want, 
  new update , more models and more textures to load ; of course some people will have a drop in fps . 
  makes me wish i had a car so i could attend all these spread out airsoft games in sweden . 
  sold 200,000 dollars worth of coke and all 8 in the crew got 35,000 each, 
  contractor ? 
  it 's only got velcro on the top , the idea with foam was good ill try to get my hands on some , thanks . 
  i looked at a few but they would all expand the pouch to really wide levels , do you have a link ? 
  thanks . 
  yes , ill probably order one in a week  thanks !, 
  snip snip with the scissors  ) or maybe ill just set a piece of foam down there . 
  dungeons and dragons . 
  sucking dick behind seven eleven, 
  i just love how the hswms visby looks . 
  so futuristic and fast looking . 
  owner of a asg light tactical carbine ( rebranded delta 10 ) , compared to my mates gen 1 combat machine they 're much nicer . 
  it feels solid both externally and internally . 
  good trigger response and solid hopup . 
  any specific questions ? 
  1 point sling hanging kind of loose so you can toss it around to your back would work, 
  had it for about 2-3 months and been to 4 skirmishes and some plinking in my back yard . 
  the only issue i 've had so far is that the little dent that locks the charging handle has been ground down so it doesnt lock unless i have some electrical tape there . 
  thats my fault for playing with it too much tho . 
  nice thing is that the mosfet is deans by default with a tamiya adapter on it . 
  xtz earphone 12, 
  sweden represent !, 
  so fucking mint, 
  [ source ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/59ob3c/asking_the_real_questions/ ), 
  good work !, 
  is that geralt of rivia ? 
  i love how all of this guys look way older than me but im of legal drinking age, 
  proud owner of a delta 10 here , its a good gun stock both internally and externally . 
  light plate carriers , like the jpc since i love the look of them . 
  was looking at chest rigs but me being a really thin guy i dont think they would fit me well . 
  yup slow but steady growth here in sweden . 
  just turned 18 so me and some buddies just started . 
  mid sweden , \u00f6sterg\u00f6tland to be precise , 
  get the latest one , infinite warfare . 
  8 gigs is more then enough . 
  i would know since i have the same . 
  on pc and i have no problem with lag comp on iw , on mwr however now that is some shitty as lag comp . 
  i 'd rather buy the revolver that can oneshot up to round 24 tbh, 
  meatballs, 
  a shot per vote recorded . 
  would not buy cheapo china bbs from alibaba or from anywhere to be honest . 
  emerson jpcs are 50-60 usd and its what i run . 
  decent for the price and hasnt failed me yet . 
  cod4 . 
  i 'd win . 
  hey do n't let me stop you if you feel confident in them !, 
  mp9 easy , such a fun gun . 
  sorry i do n't know of a solution but this is hilarious !, 
  i can tell you from personal experiance that the emersongear ones are good . 
  and you should go for a medium size . 
  yes it can , but its locked to 90 or 91 fps which breaks all the old strafes :(, 
  that m14 my dude , reminds me of dayz . 
  so many kills with it . 
  mentally stacking marbles , i know it sounds weird but it 's somewhat of an addiction . 
  boxer briefs since that basically all thats sold in sweden . 
  would have been no problem if i lived in stockholm . 
  hope your search goes well !, 
  oh man that 's hot . 
  raincoats by derek pope, 
  i 'll probably get that one actually , the p-09 is really big and i have quite small hands . 
  never heard anything bad about we and their austrian inspired lines, 
  too bad tokyo marui is like twice my budget : l, 
  well i know the swedish airforce use the glock 19 ( pistol 88b ) as a sidearm for pilots since it 's smaller than the glock 17 that the armed forces would use . 
  shit i really enjoyed this , thanks !, 
  never heard of or seen deltashop but gunfire.pl and taiwangun are both reputable and cheap, 
  owner of one since beginning of summer and its been great so far !, 
  would recommend it . 
  we glocks are 100 % tokyo marui compatible but might require some filing . 
  pistol mag pouch and some patches would be lovely !, 
  thanks for doing this . 
  such fond memories of that show .
