  amoeba has insane trigger response , are you using 11.1 lipo ? 
  did you model it yourself ? 
  thats the tinglebop . 
  every replica has one . 
  ok i 've never seen one of thoselike that but maybe its the follower for the magazine ? 
  seems like an easy fix by not faking recoil . 
  d.va main btw ? 
  my heroes are soldier76 , ana , mei , roadhog and d.va . 
  ill pm you my battlenet if you want to play sometime . 
  oh shit hahaha thats pretty unique . 
  what was the other players reactions like ? 
  did they dissapprove ? 
  but that 's when.you make a behind the scenes type of video !, 
  its like a pancake with potato in it and served with thick slices of pork . 
  insanely delicious especially the day after . 
  i 'll always have a fond place in my heart for dayz epoch episode 3 since it was the first one i saw . 
  man i miss dayz epoch, 
  play area denial and sneakily . 
  use stock , rapidfire and suppressor . 
  soundwhore like a motherfucker and you 'll do fine . 
  got to feel one in my hands last game i played and holy shit do they feel nice . 
  the functioning bolt lock and bolt release sound so amazing aswell . 
  hope it will serve you well !, 
  going to omr\u00e5de 2/area 2 in \u00d6sterg\u00f6tland sweden tomorrow , will be running odg vest and combat shirt with multicam pants . 
  although i dont think anyone here will be going since this sub is mostly american :p, 
  idk dark matter ? 
  so rare it hasnt got a price but will probably fetch a fine penny from various governments . 
  im pretty sure guarder has .28 's from taiwangun but i have no personal experiance with them . 
  i use asg bio and devil bb 's in .25 . 
  dont get bioval bio bb 's they shatter in mesh eye pro and hailstorms eyeballs with fragmentation . 
  living in sweden with a very strict 18 + and myself had to wait atleast 4 years until i could participate in games and frankly im quite happy the age limit is 18 . 
  had been eyeing the sport for a few years and watching scoutthedoggie 's videos . 
  waited until i was 18 so i was legally allowed to play and bought my gear with the money i made during last summer . 
  been having a blast since . 
  we glock 17 fits perfectly in glock 21/22 holsters !, 
  yeah , you will end up with problems above 60 fps . 
  crashes , corrupt saves , questmarkers not functioning , objects getting stuck in terrain , animations sped up . 
  just cap the game at 60 . 
  i own a we glock 17 gen 3 and have had zero problems with it except for the hopup which was fixed for free with the straw mod . 
  if you have any questions with this perticular model feel free to ask . 
  i think most we glocks have it to some extent . 
  just means the hopup doesnt go quite far enough to be very effective at over 25 meters . 
  fix is easy just cut a small piece of drinking straw and put it between the hop arm and the bucking . 
  had a friend order a npo aeg last week of redwolf for liie 800 bucks ? 
  still in shipping so cant know if its good . 
  seems like the only option if you want an ak12, 
  yeah but i bet you actually fucked his mom, 
  got nothing to complain about except the game seemed a bit slow, 
  [ stti mk23 ] ( http://www.taiwangun.com/en/gas-4/mk23-heavy-weight-gas-pistol-stti?from=listing&amp;campaign-id=14 ) would be my recomendation . 
  just remove that crappy barrel extension in the `` suppressor '' and fill it with foam and you 've got yourself something worthwhile, 
  $ 87,50 with shipping and customs i 'll skip this one :o, 
  asg devils and open blaster are both very good and i personally have never had a problem with either product . 
  you play eredin , a 11 strength melee silver bordered with immune to weather . 
  as a wearer of glasses i just got contacts . 
  so nice to not have to worry about glasses fogging under the goggles , just that point makes it worth it . 
  invite friends to play anf maybe get the hooked ? 
  most gas blowbacks are 90-100 m/s so bang rules generally dont apply to them no ? 
  tan combatshirt and keep the woodland panteroos, 
  it shoots really hot and magazine doesnt hold seal very well stock if you can fix the mag its a good outdoors sidearm, 
  sounds like the hammer wheel is stuck or not properly lubed , could also be recoil spring and misaligned barrel . 
  custom kydex would fit all criteria . 
  oh wow thats a sexy camo pattern !, 
  t h i c c, 
  what ? 
  he burnt my patch . 
  they will look cheap as decorations and wont function very well in the field . 
  you 'd want atleast 100 euros to spend if you want something usable and good looking . 
  check out gunfire.pl and taiwangun.com , they are based in poland and will downgrade the springs to 0.5 j so they 're legal in germany . 
  the ares amoeba am016 has an insane rof with 11.1 and even insaner semi trigger response . 
  that 's awesome man, 
  [ just set up the rules in the firewall . 
  its not that hard . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/gtaonline/comments/4n8094/tip_if_you_are_on_pc_block_these_ports_using_your/ ), 
  ah just enable it , get free lobby and disable again . 
  when the lobby gets too full or when 10 people join just do it again . 
  ah it shows up if i filter bought games , thanks !, 
  i sat for 40 minutes trying to solve one of those squiggly jigsaw 5x5 ones t about 20 % game completion . 
  was not fun at all . 
  n7 hurricane with disruptor rounds have worked great for me on my charge , nova , singularity build . 
  hmmm remnant ruin , better be careful there could be stragglers . 
  playing in winter is really fun man , a little cold and snow shouldnt stop you . 
  goddamn it, 
  im pretty sure the p09 with polymer slide doesnt handle co2 magazines very well , save up for the metal version . 
  was passing out from low blood sugar ( diabetes ) in history class . 
  was woken by the raging teacher grabbing me and litteraly dragging me out and close the door behind me, 
  i could n't ask for help or eat something sugary because of how low i was and passed out again laying outside the door . 
  some 15 minutes later the class was over and my friends found me and called an ambulance . 
  2 days later i was back and this teacher had such guilt it was frankly quite amusing . 
  more kick and better feel ? 
  the ability to know you can use co2 in the future . 
  and since you live in the us the price differense cant be too big . 
  maybe for reenactment ? 
  maybe they like how the uniform looks ? 
  why do some wear black hawk down inspired loadouts ? 
  or pmc ? 
  honestly dont think a neo nazi for example would dress up as a ww2 soldier to sling plastic at kids . 
  eh its called a big fat ugly fish gun for a reason huh, 
  im actually looking to buy the mk18 specna arms , is there anything i should upgrade ? 
  spend a little more for the latest gen ? 
  you should cut down on the lands a bit aswell , generally 24-25 lands are just right .
