  do i weave the battle belt to the other belt someone ? 
  or do i just ditch the belt for the pants altogether ? 
  or baretta 92fs . 
  gbbr m/45 please . 
  first i thought this was about the last update ever for csgo , then i read and thought it was about the last operation we 'd see . 
  operation remove cancer confirmed . 
  make or have someone make a custom kydex holster ? 
  umbrella armory ocaw dmr is gon na be great out of the box , at $ 1500 it better be . 
  do n't be a bitch and role with forehead exposed ? 
  otherwise get a helmet . 
  well its a gbbr , it wont last forever but swapping out all internals for ra-tech will extend its life . 
  i 'll hint this , the legal age of drinking and most nightclubs is 18 years of age in sweden . 
  i dont know where you could get a replacement specifically but asian stores might have it , otherwise look on the used market for leaky/broke mags and gut it for parts . 
  ics black leopard eye is 100 dollar and not too shabby at all . 
  maybe look into that since its fully ambi . 
  you could get the maple leaf barrel , hopup rubber , hopup house , hopup wheel combo thats like $ 40, 
  specna arms is top notch for their price . 
  look at tainwangun and gunfire.pl they have good brands kinda cheap , and shitty brands really cheap . 
  [ maybe something like this ? 
  ] ( http://www.redwolfairsoft.com/redwolf/airsoft/accessories_miscellaneous_npoaeg_vant_vm_shield_replica_black.htm ), 
  use airsoftdb , look in neighbouring countries . 
  i know some swedish store has those in stock . 
  look at plastidip . 
  wouldnt that require you to permanently spray the gun white or black and thus ruin the original finish befire hydro dipping it ? 
  just a question not too educated about hydro dipping . 
  at my indoor arena they 'll chrono you and only let you in if your gun shoots 1j or less . 
  well only core tdm is populated , idk about hardcore . 
  make sure you have a budget to upgrade all the internals of your new rifle . 
  do it yourself or pay a tech to do it . 
  i was there on the red team !, 
  was so much fun !, 
  if you play indoor maybe the srs ? 
  supposedly good stock but i dont know if it has internal upgrades . 
  do n't get any fivemseven in airsoft , they 're all absolute garbage . 
  why not get the maple leaf bundle ? 
  comes with tightbore , hop housw , hop wheel , 60 hop rubber and is only like $ 45, 
  [ here ] ( http://armypanda.com/products/maple-leaf-hop-up-chamber-w%7b47%7d-inner-barrel-set-for-marui%7b47%7d-we-glock-gbb-pistol.html ) there are probably other sites that sell it aswell this is just the first i found on google, 
  this is why you dont get gbbps unless you do research and have the money to spend on parts and upgrades . 
  brrraaaaap happens . 
  open it and look if the internals are bad , if they good i 'd keep the worn look because it looks sweet . 
  you can buy the oem from china for like 20 bucks . 
  look on ali , ebay or wish . 
  ^ killme, 
  i 'll be sure to go commando only for you . 
  sigh, 
  traps are not gay . 
  i repeat , traps are not gay . 
  how idiotic do you have to be to think that they are ? 
  traps are probably even less gay than some women . 
  i understand why some people might consider traps to be gay , but once thinking about it i do n't know why people would n't change their mind . 
  traps look like women . 
  women are not gay . 
  if you fuck someone who looks like a women , how is that even slightly fucking gay ? 
  i can kinda see why people think having a dick makes it gay , but the dick only makes up about 0.2 % of the human body . 
  if the rest of the body is feminine , that 's 99.8 % straight . 
  let me repeat , 99.8 % straight , that 's extremely fucking straight . 
  there are women who are less than 99.8 % feminine , yet people do n't call them gay . 
  if you wan na fuck a woman who looks manly as fuck , i 'm not gon na call you gay , but you shouldnt call me gay for fucking traps either . 
  it makes no sense why people let a single penis ruin an entire sexual encounter , it 's easy enough to ignore . 
  traps still have fuckable assholes , you do n't need to fuck the pussy specifically . 
  and if it 's that much of a problem , just look away . 
  he is n't gon na rub his dick on you or anything . 
  there are plenty of nice traps out there , and im sure you 'd get along well with them , but you choose not to because of something on them which takes up 0.2 % of their body . 
  it 's nonsensical and stupid how worked up people get over something so small but completely ignore the rest of the body . 
  if you 're worried about your friends knowing that you 're fucking someone 0.2 % masculine and 99.8 % feminine , they do n't need to find out . 
  believe it or not , traps can wear clothes too . 
  they do n't walk around with their dicks hanging out , they cover their dick with pants or skirts . 
  nobody has to find out that you 're in a perfectly heterosexual relationship . 
  [ / end rant ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/copypasta/comments/5xjvje/traps_arent_gay/ ), 
  i will order a few next paycheck \uff08 \u2312 \u25bd \u2312 \uff09, 
  fuck it ill make it public, 
  thigh highs and blue striped pantsu are in the mail dont worry fam, 
  there is https://www.airsoftsverige.com/forum/ but you are more likely to find games from facebook groups , search around for groups in your town or a few towns over . 
  if you find some group ask if there is anyone willing to lend you a gun and bbs in exchange for some money since most people have more than 1 gun . 
  when you have your own stuff its totally worth it to travel further for games such as bockaby . 
  enola gaye eg67 are not reusable . 
  its a firework that bursts a shell and launches clay bbs all over aswell as make a loud 120 ish db bang . 
  these are the only grenades i have first hand experiance with . 
  look for something in ranger green because rg is sexy as fuck . 
  ( ` - ` ) b my dude . 
  willy man must be the best superhero i 've seen , when marvel cinematic universe ? 
  that was pretty cool , will consider visiting when i travel to japan next summer !, 
  i run both cqb aeg and a pistol and by far is the pistol more fun and useful in cqb . 
  most of the times i leave my aeg outside while i clear houses with my pistol . 
  it looks really cool and unique . 
  i will consider buying this in the future tbh . 
  be careful with sizing since its probably in asian size . 
  mako 's sileighty man wooosh . 
  i like your kit it 's pretty unique : ^ ), 
  that 's the most feminine aug i 've ever seen . 
  the evo 3 is really great , but so is the avalon . 
  krytac is good but has pretty shitty externals from what i 've heard . 
  i think there is a dropin cqb bolt you can buy which brings it down to 350, 
  ... which you can get down to 330 with weaker gas . 
  you may post this my dude, 
  not yet , just recently got it . 
  will be moving to another city for uni which has an indoor cqb arena where ill be sure to run this kit . 
  ya 'll can count on pics . 
  im 99 % sure ive seen wz93 pantera on either taiwangun or gunfire.pl . 
  polands latest pattern is called camogrom i think , a locally produced and altered multicam .
