i made lego characters for my groups players and it really works well . 
  you could go on bricklink and order individual pieces or complete minifigs from sets to use aswell . 
  would recommend . 
  why isnt memeton on here ? 
  what is this ? 
  r/sweden ? 
  dip them in acetone . 
  gets all the jaggies out and makes them look smooth, 
  i 'm only playing kitchen magic with friends and sometimes fnm . 
  im just looking for feedback on which cards to change out . 
  i have a pretty small budget of around $ 15 . 
  what it 's not releasing today ? 
  did n't they say 1 month after ps4 release ? 
  holy shit that rof, 
  they 're not redoing the map for islamic countries where there is only one prophet . 
  easier to just scratch over the name, 
  mike error . 
  seems everything ubisoft is down . 
  cant even access their website, 
  working 07.15-17 .45, 
  if we go , manhattan goes . 
  missions on challange difficulty . 
  damnit i was gon na play some before work . 
  i host 2-3 levels above my friends level and there is no problem here ? 
  a wise man once told , buy good quality beds and shoes since you spend 2/3 of your life in them, 
  4x [ [ allied reinforcements ] ] 4x [ [ cliffhaven vampire ] ] is in my kalastria combo deck , works really well, 
  may-mays , fam, 
  wheels . 
  materials have changed , we added engines , but the basic wheel and axle is the same . 
  there is a mod to make vault 111 a settlement . 
  could buy it , try it and refund if it doesnt run good, 
  the cursed deck was made specifically for playing the blessed counterpart , i 'd wait til soi and buy a intropack with the same theme and go from there . 
  shower with your dad, 
  im running 800 dpi and that works for me . 
  i5 3570k ,, 
  8gb of 1600mhz ddr3 ,, 
  gtx 970, 
  whats up with every gif on / r/blackops3 being on hardcore ? 
  yes . 
  black ops 3 , skyrim , fallout 4 , civ 5 and irl magic the gathering . 
  i 've also read all the english translated books and im so hype for the next installment . 
  ill stick to playing magic the gathering . 
  im not sure but try dragons lair ? 
  never played mtg there but its a solid store . 
  yes , try it . 
  magiccardmarket.eu is probably the cheapest i 've seen, 
  autorotation has saved me so many times in arma . 
  i know its not a flight sim but damn din . 
  go away evil dogger . 
  im stoked about infinite welfare, 
  as a swede i have little problem understanding written or spoken norwegian , there are som instances where you might have to ask them in english what they mean but in general you can have casual conversations between the two languages . 
  danish however , its really hard to understand spoken for me and less hard but still hard to understand written . 
  using this . 
  * purifier \u2714, 
  * nuke3town \u2714, 
  * mediocre play \u2714, 
  well my mage has a 680 and has trouble running it , he plays on low and 900p to make it playable . 
  i fucking love it man this is honestly better than the original music video !, 
  love all the art styles, 
  i went in at about level 15 on survival mode , just finished it last night and am now level 33 . its really hard at times but i love the challange !, 
  i wouldnt have been able to finish it unless i had a legendary `` shoots an additional projectile '' lever rifle . 
  is n't basically every modern blizzard game a so called online game ? 
  i have no clue what this is but i 'm loving it, 
  \uff21 \uff25 \uff33 \uff34 \uff28 \uff25 \uff34 \uff29 \uff23, 
  half the people i 've asked have been banned the other are fine , its all up to you, 
  10:11 gmt +1 nothing yet, 
  is there really any bad gun in hardcore ? 
  the thermal camera only records at like less than 20 fps . 
  source : have one, 
  use wood glue next time, 
  qpad qh90 , they 're the exact same as hyper x and i 'd always recommend these to anyone !, 
  would n't that be called a belt ? 
  or box ? 
  call of duty 3 on the ps2 . 
  pc bo3 is unfortunatly dead . 
  was fun while it lasted !, 
  annual huh ? 
  we have it at the last day of every month here . 
  looks great !, 
  gon na try to recreate something similar . 
  ah the flavor is unreal, 
  maybe they just really have to pee ? 
  1.7.10 added the new shop counters if i recall correctly, 
  bringing birdie from tales from the commonwealth with me . 
  it gives +1 charisma no ? 
  reason enough to keep it !, 
  i live in sweden and the age limit here is 18 . 
  i 'd say 16 is a good age to set the limit to . 
  gun is an asg m15 light tactical carbine with, 
  edit * it appears its a classic army, 
  indeed , it looks way too fat on the gun !, 
  probably gon na buy a few more 85 rounders and a micro f\u00f6r when my next paycheck hits . 
  i really like the way the l5 's look but the shipping would unfortunatly be way too much to get them here to sweden . 
  idk replacing all the guns with walkie talkies would probably ruin a good film for me . 
  that deck looks mad as heck i 'd love to play it . 
  well it was obviously florida man !, 
  says right in the title . 
  would join but altis life or any life gamemode makes me want to end myself . 
  sweden represent ? 
  i have a ca delta 10 ( shorter delta 12 ) and my friend has that cm16 and out of the two the ca is much crisper,
