  could be better . 
  been diagnosed with diabetes for about a year now and the depression is starting to hit real hard . 
  but what can you do really ? 
  the paycheck crew is in town !, 
  is it just the wire thats snapped off ? 
  that you can resolder very easily with youtube tutorials . 
  new elegy is a bennys version of the old elegy . 
  costs 900k, 
  if you really want maximum trigger respons and already have a high torque motor maybe you should look into dual sector gear setup ? 
  yet another micro reflection of what we do as a species . 
  yet another micro reflection of what we do as a spacies . 
  ftfy, 
  swedish airsofters unite !, 
  i wish we had some more arenas or areas to play at . 
  where are you located , op ? 
  i think they just patched it . 
  can only bet 1k now . 
  you will still be reset to level 1 and all your assets will be removed, 
  no it was a global change with betting . 
  max bet on everything is max 1000 now . 
  this is still the quickest way to make money tho . 
  im assuming you 'll be practicing drawing and reloading with your replica . 
  do keep in mind if you buy the we glock that you will need a g21 holster since the we and tm glock 17 's are off spec from a real one . 
  also from sweden , i picked up a cheap aimpoint t1 replica from ebay for $ 23 with free shipping and its served me well . 
  stryker airsoft is in new jersey . 
  i think you have it mixed up with strikerairsoft.se which is sweden :p, 
  asg p-09 with co2 magazines, 
  asg p-09 with co2 mags !, 
  the glock thing is only for retailers in the us being banned from selling them . 
  and you should probably look up a slovakian airsoft forum for questions regarding importing stuff . 
  good luck !, 
  kwa / asg mp9 with cqb bolt . 
  the sound it makes is loud enough for me to just take a hit and walk back, 
  take out the plates ( if it came with some ) and cut out some cardboard in the size of the plate . 
  layer 2-4 cardboard plates and put them in . 
  the cardboard will hold shape but still be flexible enough for it to fit comfortably . 
  white chicken pasta with mild peppar sauce and veggies, 
  the modern sas can be seen with mk18 's and multicam like every other specops unit in the world . 
  unless you want a 1980s sas with black uniform and mp5sd . 
  look at asg devil 9.5 inch for an m4 . 
  asg is danish so its bound to be sold in denmark , it is in sweden atleast . 
  for the mp5 have a look at g & g or ics, 
  i run a tenspeedgear clone on [ my jpc ] ( http://i.imgur.com/mujkkqq.jpg ) from taiwangun . 
  i use the integrated admin/pistol pouch for my pistol mags . 
  i assume you are from denmark since your username . 
  i strongly recommend the classic army sportline series for the 200 dollar range . 
  ( they are rebranded by asg ( danish company actually ), 
  look for, 
  * armalite m15 assualt, 
  * armalite light tactical carbine, 
  * armalite m15 operator, 
  as an owner of the light tactical carbine and the trigger response with the stock battery is pretty good . 
  since it comes with a mosfet you could slap a 11.1 lipo and increase the response even more . 
  yeah i actually own the light tactical carbine in that lineup myself and it has served me well for these 6 months i 've owned it . 
  they 're all the same internally so you could pick whichever one strikes your fancy . 
  however if you want a modern sas kit i 'd probably pick the ranger one . 
  as for bdus , i dont know any danish stores that sell cheap but good however if you want to order from sweden [ r\u00f6dastj\u00e4rnan ] ( http://www.rodastjarnan.com/malmobutik ) has a store just over the bridge in malm\u00f6 . 
  [ bdu pants ] ( http://www.rodastjarnan.com/faltuniformer/faltuniformer/bdu-byxor-multicamo-25367 ) i own these so i know they 're good . 
  [ combat shirt ] ( http://www.rodastjarnan.com/faltuniformer/faltuniformer/101inc-combat-shirt-multicamo-16918 ) i own of these aswell but in od green . 
  anything else just ask away . 
  from reference photos they have pretty varied range of pc 's and chest riggs . 
  check out this one from [ taiwangun ] ( http://www.taiwangun.com/en/vests-rigs/ultimate-operator-plate-carrier-w-dummy-sapi-plates-olive-8fields?from=listing&amp;campaign-id=21 ), 
  of course you might need pouches for it aswell since the integrated kangaroo pouch is not very good . 
  you also can get the pouches from taiwangun, 
  taiwangun is reliable in the eu with very good prices . 
  they have free shipping on orders over 70 euros so if you have some friends who also need gear maybe do a big order, 
  a t1 micro dot with a lowprofil mount and a simple afg would look so fire on that thing . 
  what brand is it ? 
  its a good starter gun . 
  comparable to the combat machines . 
  only upgrade you might need is a stronger spring as mine does 92-93 m/s ootb . 
  source : owner of one, 
  get either or , they 're very similar . 
  im happy with my delta 10 . 
  good idea !, 
  you should make one . 
  on the 31st i was at a medium event with 26 poeple playing rush . 
  i was on defense at the first checkpoint with only me and 3 other people left to defend the hill . 
  2 of them were running low on ammo ( couldnt reload the mags until all 3 checkpoints were blown up by firing the fireworks that was the rush point ) so it was me and my ridiculus amount of midcaps and the hpa ksp58 guy left . 
  he was spewing bbs like crazy hipfiring the thing and i was shooting single fire at distant targets with my mostly stock ca delta 10 . 
  got a few kills but had an enemy run up to the cliff of the hill and make his way around me . 
  fortunatly i had a gut feeling someone was there so i laid flat on my back and pulled my we g17 and scared the living crap out of the guy . 
  got a call from the ksp58 guy that they 're flanking us out on the open field so i leave my position and trust with the ksp guy that he can hold the other lines of approach and run a good 100 meters down to a smaller hill and lie in wait for the flankers to peek up . 
  i know this is where im done so i pull up my glock and wait with both my m4 and glock in hand . 
  i saw them approach but waited for them to get closer and thankfully the multicam shirt worked so i fire at two guys closest to me but miss due to dual wielding and not aiming down the sights . 
  made some friends who attended their first airsoft game and decided they was gon na do it again . 
  overall 9/10 game had really fun even tho none of my friends could make it . 
  i just watched all the anime the other day and didnt that big bulky guy ( forgot his name ) use a revolver ? 
  there was someone using an m11 aswell . 
  [ was used by a brainwashed guy who was helping the garbage truck driver fuck with his wife i think ? 
  i also remember seeing glock 17 were used by several police officers and swat teams . 
  batou used a glock 33 advanced in one episode, 
  agents from the government wvo arrested some section 9 members carried baretta 92s, 
  the assassin who worked for dea used a m93r, 
  there are contact lenser made for astigmatism , but if you are dead set on having goggles id get a pair of surplus ess goggles with rx inserts . 
  take the inserts to your eye doctor and ask for the cheapest lenses possible . 
  wont cost more than like $ 25, 
  kydex holsters should be fine since they flex b. 
  only hard hoster like serpas and safariland that might be a problem . 
  i am not sure but i would rather be safe than sorry and just order a valve for the magazine that 's made for it .
