  i remember an interview with joschka fischer where he implied that the cia `` wanted '' to believe curveball . 
  http://www.theguardian.com/world/2005/apr/03/iraq.usa1  by early 2001 , the germans were having doubts of their own , telling the cia their spy was ` out of control ' . 
  but warnings were dismissed . 
  intelligence analysts who voiced concern were ` forced to leave ' the unit mainly responsible for analysing his claims , the commission found . 
  at every turn analysts were blocked by spy chiefs and their warning never passed on to policy-makers . 
  classic english composure right there ... 
  ahh sarah connor !, 
  i know her from the terminator !, 
  but ok , keep it !, 
  we have a new , better anthem anyhow !, 
  sure no problem , as soon as e get our [ kaiserhymne ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=06643umejzg ) back ... 
  very reasonably comment , no wonder it got downvoted here in / r/europe . 
  oh yes please !, 
  contain the propaganda !, 
  checked . 
  nothing there . 
  this is not the truth nor is it funny . 
  this is just malicious , devious and primitive propaganda . 
  this map is just retarded . 
  propaganda much ? 
  that 's not complicated at all !, 
  you should get a job in brussels . 
  but why is the ukraine in eastern europe but not belarus ? 
  here 's a blank map of europe . 
  be creative !, 
  so what is your take on this leaked phone conversation , what do you think we should make of it ? 
  oh ffs just look up the definition on wikipedia !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/invasion what happened in crimea was not an invasion . 
  listen yadilohtruc , i need to go to bed now because tomorrow we will do some mountaineering and i want to be well-rested . 
  so , i have to call it a day . 
  but i think we will meet again here on r/europe !, 
  so , see you soon !, 
  haider was gay as fuck !, 
  but our journalists did n't write about it because he never made any anti-gay politics . 
  so they considered it a private matter . 
   ukraine is russia 's canada ( except ... you know ... not as friendly & shit ) . 
  only if 50 % of all canadians speak american and not english , and only if a large part of canada 's population considers itself americans first and canadians second , and only if canada was for a very long time part of america . 
  other than that , the analogy is ok .  imagine if america tried to drag canada into it 's sphere-of-influence , ... now imagine russia trying to drag canada into russia 's sphere of influence !, 
  the us would freak the fuck out !!!, 
  and that 's exactly how russia is seeing the situating right now !, 
  and i totally understand russia !, 
  and i am not even russian or a particularly fan of russia !, 
  ok , i love their vodka ... 
  try austrian politics !, 
  there is now way you could eat as much as you would like to puke . 
  source ? 
   and sure , spin it as a russian victory if you want . 
  but if you consider the impetus of the russian move to be because they felt nato & the eu were chipping away at their sphere-of-influence and surrounding them ... well ... them loosing all of ukraine with the exception of crimea is ... huh ... i would n't exactly call it a `` victory '' . 
  yes , you are right , i agree , generally speaking the us and nato are projecting way more power than russia does . 
  and they are moving closer and closer to russia 's border . 
  but in the case of the ukraine ( and syria btw . ), 
  they failed hard imho . 
   but you 're free to say what you wish , freedom of speech and expression and such . 
  you know ... unless it 's hate speech or libel depending on which country you 're in ... . but besides that yeah ... yeah , i am in austria and we have freedom of speech here too . 
  i ca n't say things like `` hitler did nothing wrong ! '' . 
  that would mean jail time !, 
   but i do n't want to say things like that anyhow ... 
  yeah , let 's stick to english !, 
   in you situation i think spanish would be way more useful to you !, 
  and it 's a beautiful language i think , and more imported then german . 
  i went to spain and tried to learn it but i fear the only think i remember is `` una cerveza por favor '' . 
  it 's spoken all over the world , so if you want to travel it 's a great language to learn !, 
  oh , and btw if you like / r/askhistorians you gon na like this guy too : http://www.dancarlin.com/, 
   who knows what the cia knew , but the vibe i get is that we might of had our suspicions , but i do n't think anybody actually thought putin would jump , although it was still always possibility . 
  is it just me or is obama absolutely reckless and clueless in regard to foreign policy ? 
  is he not listening to his advisors or are his advisors morons ? 
   i guess ... you know ... russia learned the hard-way that it ca n't play the game like in the soviet days anymore and strong arm nations into their political unions ... ... it wanted all of ukraine , but was forced to seize only crimea instead ... at the cost of it 's economy ... so you know ... . the eurasian union is gon na be off to a good launch ... down a fundamental member-state and it 's leading member-state in recession ... do n't try to spin this as a defeat for russia , nobody will believe you . 
  the us fucked it up and putin is just collecting the spoils . 
  we might not like it , but that does n't change that fact !, 
  you are welcome !, 
   we can continue our conversation in german if you like , i do n't speak russian though !, 
   eh , nobody thought russia was going to do it . 
  honestly now ? 
  what did the cia think would happen ? 
  that russia would just stand by and watch ? 
  we could finally break iceland monopoly on geysers !, 
   i love when foreigners take the time out of their day to learn a little about american geography . 
  :d makes me feel all warm inside and tingly in my special places . 
  oh , come on !, 
  you know so much about europe , it 's only fair that i learn something about the us !, 
  but let 's not get to cosy now , ok !, 
  just friends !, 
    it 's actually really funny because i was just doing a little research on the astroturfing you 're implying ; russians got a pretty good system , they do n't even use soldiers , they just pay civilians . 
   there is no fucking way the russians are n't doing this too !, 
  but i think they are really bad at it !, 
   compared to the us and the uk . 
  the language barrier alone !, 
  but i am sure they try !, 
   continental europe on the other hand , forget it . 
  europe just does n't bother . 
   yep , the united states was the sole reason . 
  i mean seriously , there was absolutely no other reason . 
  i never claimed that this was n't a great opportunity for the cia !, 
   did you see all those undercover cia agents posing as protesters ? 
  no , and the white house only admitted to the undercover visit of the director of your foreign intelligence services cia john o. brennan to kiev . 
  again , info brought to you by the russian secret service . 
  they are outclassing you right now it 's ridiculous !, 
    of course , russia acted completely appropriately by invading the country ... 
  so now russia invaded the ukraine ? 
  good to know !,
