  true , but why would europe want that ? 
  europe needs it 's own , sovereign , independent military . 
  europe needs to be able to defend it 's interests even if they collide with us interests . 
  did you read my comment ? 
  yes , the us wants more military in europe , but only under nato control . 
  because nato is controlled by the us . 
  the us does n't want an independent european military . 
  i could n't agree more !, 
  it 's an example of a reframing of history to fit current worldviews . 
  and how peaceful do you think was this process of mixing ? 
  the uk has to treat an attack on poland as an attack on the uk . 
  that 's the very idea of nato . 
  the uk would have to respond . 
  and yes , even with on of it 's 200 + nukes ... 
  there is no such thing as `` a sphere of influence '' anymore , do n't you know that ? 
  except for the us of course . 
  it 's difficult for me to imagine that russia would attack poland . 
  the idea sounds quit fantastic . 
  we ca n't just put national troops on the border . 
  like german troops in the baltic 's and french troops in poland and so on . 
  russia would play us off against each other . 
  so we would need an eu army ( still composed of national troops of course ) but controlled , led and organised by europe . 
  europe would have to stand united , bound by a defence treaty . 
  and such an independent eu military is the last thing the us wants . 
  it wants to control europe 's militaries via nato . 
  if we want to change that we need to be prepared to heavily damage the transatlantic relationship . 
  and it looks like we are n't . 
  would you please stop saying positive things about germany !, 
  do n't you see how uncomfortable you are making him ? 
  ok , why not . 
  let us think about it . 
  ... leaves to talk to his fellow germans ... ok , first we need a plan . 
  let 's analyze existing approaches to this `` half assing '' thing . 
  are those already standardized ? 
  if not let 's start with that ... 
  my comment was n't really directed at you . 
  it was just an observation on how reddit works ( and what reddit likes ) . 
  so the very last comment posted in this thread last night is the top comment this morning !, 
  only one other comment has more upvotes . 
  ( 37 | 44 ) while europe was sleeping `` the u.s watches our back ! '', 
  made it to the top . 
  yea . 
  [ what did you just call me ? 
   russia would in a heart beat if all of nato took this stance of letting other people defend them . 
  they tend to do it every 50 or so years . 
  how does it feel to live in constant fear ? 
  are you totally scared during your whole day or only when you wake up dripping with sweat in the morning ? 
  are you very frightened ? 
  ** watch out !!!!, 
  ** the russian bear is right behind you !!!, 
   i do n't know if nato would ever fail to respond to an invocation of article v but it is much more likely to respond if the nation in question can defend itself and hold the line first . 
  yeah , nato might respond or not , who knows , right ? 
  you are not talking slightly in hyperbole you are spreading [ fud ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fear,_uncertainty_and_doubt ) . 
  please just go away . 
  are you drunk ? 
  who would annex the eu and nato member poland ? 
  insulting and ridiculing europe on / r/europe ? 
  its a bold strategy cotton let 's see if it pays off !, 
  it does !, 
  ( 5 | 0 ) upvotes !, 
  why am i still here , i am european !, 
  generally , i like it . 
  you are still just talking about the military !!!, 
   actually this thread is about a video of andrew moravcsik from princeton university speaking at the university of illinois arguing that military might is not as important as it used to be and that europe is a great example of that ... 
   yeah ... that would be great ... if it was n't for nato and the eu 's inability to project power across the baltic to protect countries like sweden , finland and estonia . 
   would you please in the name of [ insert preferred deity here ] stop the fearmongering !, 
   so either countries like you convince germany to up it 's military spending , and up your own military spending , and convince the other eu nations to actually integrate militarily and up their military ... stranger on the internet , please stop talking about the military all the time . 
  please !, 
  i beg you !, 
  just stop !, 
  i know you yanks love your military but please just stop . 
   i agree , dragnet surveillance is fucked up , wrong and immoral . 
  it 's no different than the illegal fisa wiretaps of american citizens . 
  both are wrong and should be stopped , even if one is legal and one is illegal , both are indefensible and should be stopped immediately . 
  amen brother !, 
  correct , you never said any of this . 
  you did n't say that it was no longer relevant or that his points were any less ( or more ) valid . 
  nor did you say that the figures he cites are n't current . 
  you also did n't say that recent developments are n't mentioned . 
  in fact you did n't say anything of value . 
  all you said was that it 's an 4 year old video and that you want to note that . 
  an information that is right there in the description of the video on youtube . 
  and that 's all . 
  you did n't contribute or involve yourself in the discussion after that . 
  still you got the top comment on this thread !, 
  great !, 
  i love / r/europe !, 
   maybe not cut off completely , but increase the costs to a almost unbearable level , which there 's plenty of evidence of russia doing or threatening to do . 
  not to mention the potential security/intelligence threat it poses to sweden ( and to be completely honest , the intelligence relationship between europe & russia has never been good , and the military relationship has been steadily degrading over the past couple months ) . 
   this is great for germany , it 's in her national interests . 
  it 's not so much immoral as it is amoral , but keep in mind , this goes against the economic and military interests of her fellow eu member-states . 
  well looks like germany and sweden have to sort this out , together with the other european nations and russia . 
  and i am sure they will . 
  so the us can pivot away to wherever it wants . 
  we will handle this . 
   do n't sit here and act like the member-states of the eu are angels in comparison to the united states invasion of iraq , guantanamo bay , abu ghraib , invasion of afghanistan , cia black site , targeted killings , extraordinary rendition ... want me to go on ? 
  the us is nothing like europe . 
  not anymore . 
  which is sad . 
  and scary .
