  is the eglin air force base in the deep south ? 
   given the eu 's inaction and indecisiveness at the beginning of the crisis , ... well , i guess the us did n't inform the eu that it was realising a coup d'\u00e9tat in the ukraine ... 
  what about the downturn in 2008 ? 
  what [ happened ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/subprime_mortgage_crisis ) in 2008 ? 
  and if you want to know how the us ambassador to ukraine geoffrey pyatt 's voice sounds here is a interesting phone call he made with victoria nuland , the assistant secretary of state for european and eurasian affairs at the us department of state . 
  brought to you by the russian secret service . 
   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msxaa-67ygm, 
  [ ba dum tss ] ( http://www.reactiongifs.com/r/daduntsh.gif ), 
  you are super active on / r/europe !, 
   why are you so into europe ? 
  you are american , right ? 
  do you live in europe right now ? 
  and you seem to know a lot about europe , which is great !, 
  but why and how ? 
  only if it turns out the south ca n't handle the euro over time , and even then ... 
  i do n't know . 
  and i would n't lump the east and the south together . 
  the east is different to the south , i think the east it will catch up sooner then later . 
  the south will stay the south . 
  i think the more interesting question is : how far to the east should the eu expand ? 
   if the us withdrew from nato it would make withdrawing resources from europe much easier , which the former defense secretary said was a possibility given how few members are coming anywhere near their targets . 
  that would be so great , the best thing that could happen to europe . 
  should have happened already back in 1991 . 
  hippie peacenik !, 
  good point, 
  why not start the war there then ? 
   the us also wants to move its military assets out of europe , ... who is stopping mighty us from doing that ? 
  jim rogers is great !, 
  i listened to his commentaries during the u.s. subprime mortgage crisis in 2008 . 
  he was almost the only on making sense . 
  and here again , i think he is spot-on in his analysis . 
  he is telling it how it is . 
  i hope it wo n't !, 
   maybe cutting off the allowance a little ? 
  we will think about it . 
  after all it 's our money and not yours ... 
   tough love , you know ? 
  ok , but be careful !, 
  we fought with her a view times over the last centuries and she packs a punch . 
  it 's ok , just admit that you love us !, 
  no shame in that !, 
  but do n't be so jealous of russia , she really is just our neighbour , so we need to get along with her . 
   it 's not like the little shit we did mattered ... like the marshall plan which helped rebuild western europe ... or the fact we garrisoned the fulda gap for damn-near half-a-century ... and why ? 
  because america totally fucking ** loves ** europe !, 
  true , selfless , self-sacrificing love !, 
  a strong eu-russian alliance ? 
  the us would do almost anything to prevent this . 
  what an idiotic remark . 
  savannajeff , i read great comments from you in the past , but this ? 
   ukraine is more complex than ... 
  shut the fuck up and stay on message !!!, 
  putin bad , europe weak , nato/us hurray !, 
  do n't worry , i 've been called worse . 
   it was n't private-in-a-sense , it was a official event hosted by gazprom , and the article itself is a editorial . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  it was a private event , did you even look at the pictures ? 
  they were taken from across the street , paparazzi style . 
  pictures of guests arriving at a birthday party . 
  you cant even see putin 's face , only the back of his head ffs . 
  btw i read the article in german originally which is not marked as an editorial . 
  ( funfact : the english spon is not just a selection of translations of german spon articles , but few realise that . ), 
   you got ta be pretty god damn stupid to not think this is relevant ... . . 
  i do not think this is relevant . 
  i think this is bs . 
  call me stupid !, 
  oh wait , you already did . 
  this guy wrote an whole article about european security without mentioning the us . 
  he did mention nato once though - in the very last sentence . 
  tl ; dr : europe weak , russia bad , nato hooray !, 
  the carnegie endowment for international peace is an influential foreign-policy think tank headquartered in washington , d.c. . 
  the organization describes itself as being dedicated to advancing cooperation between nations and promoting active international engagement by the united states . 
  of course we could . 
  but we austrians are obsessed with the idea of neutrality . 
  it would be political suicide to suggest getting rid of it . 
  it 's a taboo . 
  ( and a big fat lie . ), 
   the us has massive investments in russia -- more than all of europe combined sry , but that ca n't be accurate . 
  the eu is the most important investor in russia . 
  it is estimated that up to 75 % of foreign direct investment stocks in russia come from eu member states http://ec.europa.eu/trade/policy/countries-and-regions/countries/russia/ russia on the other hand is n't even mentioned in this list from the congressional research service : u.s. 
  direct investment position abroad : https://www.fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/rs21118.pdf, 
  source ? 
  me neither , sorry !, 
   ok , i do n't know where the point is where sanctions would be necessary . 
  the thing is , i do n't like sanctions at all . 
  1 ) they do n't really seem to work to well . 
  ( we had iraq under sanctions for years without any noteworthy results . ), 
  2 ) they punish the ordinary people but not the leadership . 
  3 ) the country will unite against the bad foreign countries , support for the leadership will grow . 
  4 ) somebody will always find a way around the sanctions and profit . 
  5 ) it will hurt our economies . 
  now particular in russia 's case : the business we do n't do with russia will be done by china ... and finally it 's obvious not in the interest of the us to see a strong eu-russian alliance . 
  such an alliance could grow very powerful and would constitute a serious counterbalance to us power . 
  to me this looks very much like a classic divide and conquer strategy by the us . 
  wait , i think i might have misunderstood you when you said :  i 'm sure you agree that there 's some point where it becomes clear that you ca n't solve your differences with diplomacy . 
  sure , where exactly that point lies is debatable . 
  you were still talking about economic sanctions , not about war , right ? 
  i was thinking war , but that 's not what you meant , right ? 
   i 'm sure you agree that there 's some point where it becomes clear that you ca n't solve your differences with diplomacy . 
  sure , where exactly that point lies is debatable . 
  i agree , there is such a point or call it a red line .
