  flairs mean shit here, 
  me too , let 's do some european hegemony again . 
  i think you are underestimating russia . 
  they have a manned space program ffs !, 
  a failed state with a space program ? 
  they do a lot of science and they always have , even when the political situation was terrible . 
  i know right now it 's totally in to hate on russia but let 's be real here . 
  yeah but he sounds like a jingoistic armchair general !, 
  i just could n't resist . 
  fair enough , but that still does n't justify the statement that russia is a failed state . 
  that 's just bs . 
  thanks for replying , i got more questions !, 
   do you think that the ukraine could slide into civil war ? 
  the way i see it is that the west supports the new government in kiev and the pro-european ukrainians and russia supports the pro-russian ukrainians in the east . 
  i think there is a real danger that the ukraine could wind up being just a pawn in the hands of the powerful . 
  a place where the kremlin and the white house are fighting for influence on the backs of the ukrainian people . 
  do you agree with this view ? 
  do you think your people can resist this outside pressures , and say we are first and foremost ukrainian no matter what language we speak at home or what party we vote for ? 
  or do you think that there is a real chance that the ukraine will slide into civil war ? 
  ok , i got more questions but let 's leave it at this for now . 
  but wait there 's more !!!, 
  another company of soldiers arrived in poland on wednesday , while around 150 others are each expected in lithuania on saturday and estonia early next week . 
  and if putin dares to shoots an latvian nato soldiers nobody would care ? 
  did i mention that the us only sent 150 soldiers ? 
  ok , let 's start over . 
  this time less aggressive and without swearwords . 
  what were your expectations ? 
  i guess you know how a lot of your compatriots in the east and south of ukraine think and how torn you country is . 
  what did you think would happen in the crimea ? 
  did you fear from the very beginning that russia would interfere ? 
  they sent you 150 soldiers , you know that ? 
  some 150 troops ? 
  do n't worry , the us just sent 150 soldiers . 
  but your troops are also nato troops , so why american troops ? 
  well i guess we all know the saying : `` predictions are hard especially about the future . '', 
   no , i am not from the western ukraine . 
  i am from kyiv . 
  and yes , i am a maidan supporter as many in ukraine are , and yes , i know how russia works ( both internally and externally ) . 
  great . 
  and i totally get it . 
  if i were forced to choose between russia and the eu i would choose the eu in a millisecond , absolutely no doubt about it . 
  ( no sarcasm . ), 
  you have n't really answered my question btw . 
   i do n't think if russia would be your neighbour ( it might be one day if you try hard ) you would find its ways of dealing with neighbours acceptable for your particular country or its internal policies bearable . 
  would you organise a maidan in response , i do n't know . 
  maybe you would choose to live with it . 
  no , no you are right , one has to fight for his fatherland !, 
  so , i too would spend hours on reddit submitting anti-russian articles and nato press releases to / r/europe , while at the same time refusing to engage in any meaningful discussion of the subject . 
  oh wait , no i would n't . 
  i do n't know . 
  according to wikipedia he makes some quit outlandish predictions : friedman 's prediction , in the early 2020s , russia will collapse , finland will annex karelia , romania will annex moldova . 
  around this time china will politically and culturally fragment as well . 
  friedman predicts that a third world war will take place in the middle of the 21st century , close to the year 2050 . 
  he asserts that the united states will face a coalition of the turkish and japanese empires . 
  friedman states that germany and france may enter into the conflict during its later stages , probably on the side of the turkish and japanese empires . 
  and from the books review in the san francisco chronicle : friedman 's strangely provincial stance resembles some frightened insomniac who ca n't stop playing age of empires because he desperately needs to win before dawn . 
  friedman envisions a hostile future , in which the united states will create hypersonic `` missiles that can be fired from space with devastating effect . '', 
  ** he foresees gargantuan `` battle stars '' locked above earth in geosynchronous orbit . 
  ** and one gets the uncomfortable feeling that friedman is n't so much a reasonable man who has devoted his life to tracking foreign policy but a wild-eyed guy in fatigues holed up in his garage , sliding miniature armies across a mammoth map . 
  there 's a certain entertainment value to some of friedman 's wilder prognostications , but i felt an overwhelming desire to give him a hug . 
  here is a man determined to see nothing more than international anguish , but the real tragedy is that ** the black-helicopter crowd will buy into friedman 's flummery ** because hope was something they abandoned in last year 's election cycle . 
  / u/destinedtomooseyfate called me a shill . 
  i posted the definition of shill https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shill and asked him if he really thinks that . 
  he did n't respond . 
  you are from the ukraine , right ? 
  i guess from the western half ? 
  euromaidan supporter ? 
  honest question : what did you expect ? 
  you know how russia works . 
  you know how putin works . 
  you know how a lot of your compatriots in the east and south of ukraine think . 
  you know how torn you country is . 
  what the fuck did you think would happen in the crimea ? 
  `` a [ shill ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/shill ) , also called a plant or a stooge , is a person who publicly helps a person or organization without disclosing that they have a close relationship with the person or organization . '', 
  do you honestly believe that or is this just a lame attempt to discredit me ? 
  ] ( http://i2.kym-cdn.com/photos/images/original/000/281/752/0fb.jpg ), 
  hey !, 
  i was just going to post this !!, 
  for russian politicians , diplomats , citizens the phoniness , hypocrisy and self-righteous of the west 's policy toward russia must be almost unbearable . 
  i mean , i am `` just '' european and even for me it 's absolutely sickening . 
  i ca n't imagine how russians feel !, 
  there is no noticeable overlap between your statement and reality . 
  austria is under heavy load right now , sorry . 
  try again in a few hours . 
  answer the question . 
  what does the us care if the eu builds up it 's own military structure outside of nato ? 
  i do n't have a photo but a link to livecam in austria : http://rittisberg.panomax.at/, 
  again , what does the us care if the eu builds up it 's own military structure outside of nato ? 
  again , i do n't think it 's sincerely disputable that the us controls nato . 
  and honestly , i think that you are very aware of this fact . 
  but let 's pretend for a moment that the us is not in charge of nato . 
  that would raise the following question : what does the us care if the eu builds up it 's own military structure outside of nato ? 
  i agree . 
  and i think russia knows that too . 
  sry , but i do n't understand your question . 
  mind to rephrase ? 
   the top leadership of nato are not americans . 
  the only reason the united states might be claimed to `` own '' nato is because it owns the majority of the resources in it . 
  i do n't think it 's sincerely disputable that the us controls nato . 
   if europe spent more money on military , they would have more influence in the organization .
