  there is a highly skilled workforce in europe , we have great universities and we have the money . 
  what we need is the political will !, 
  you know like boeing vs. airbus . 
  so what is your opinion about my suggestion to jump-start an european alternative to google by all means necessary ? 
   is that why the highest ranking us defense official said the us could withdraw from nato yeah , that was funny !, 
  even we humourless germans had to grin !, 
  we all had a good , healthy laugh about that statement !, 
  i would n't even call it a bluff , i would just call it delusional !, 
  just like the rest of your comment . 
  oh come on !, 
  it took me half an hour to write that up and now you do n't respond ? 
  / u/modomario , i am disappoint !, 
   no we are profoundly disappointed in the eu . 
  you will get over it , i promise !, 
   ... saying anything is bigger than google ... good for us that nobody ever said that , monsignor strawman . 
  ok , huntington tries to define the current civilizations . 
  and that 's already a problem for many people , why do this at all , is n't that just dividing ? 
  ( somebody in this thread already called it racist . ), 
  but he tries nonetheless . 
  the border between a japanese and a chinese civ ? 
  easy , japan is an island . 
  no problem there . 
  ok , western/european civ . 
  here the tricky question is the eastern border . 
  where does europe end in the east ? 
  it 's clear where it ends in the north , south and west , but where is the eastern border ? 
  is vladivostok a european city ? 
  is moscow ? 
  huntington postulates that there is a russian orthodox or eastern orthodox civ that is distinct enough from the western civ to be , well a civ of its own . 
  it has its own religion , traditions , culture , languages and history . 
  huntington says that those two neighboring civs have influenced each other heavily over the centuries and that the borders are very blurry . 
  he also states that there are a lot of similarities between those two civs and that the border sometimes run right through modern nation states . 
  ukraine is the prime example here . 
  so huntington basically goes back in history to the breakup of the roman empire into east and west and claims that from this moment on two distinct civs developed . 
  he never states that one civ is superior to another , he just tries to make a meaningful distinction between them . 
  if you go to wikipedia and look up europe you will find a definition of europe that includes parts of russia . 
  huntington say moscow is not just another european city , it 's the center of a whole distinct civ . 
  and i think he is right . 
  i find the current official definition of europe extremely eurocentric and arrogant !, 
  ( european arrogance is nothing new , i think we can both agree on that . ), 
  discussing this right now is of course politically very touchy . 
  one starts with a harmless discussion about civs and ends up in no time with issues like eu and nato enlargement and the crisis in ukraine . 
  you are getting way to worked up about this man !, 
  relax !, 
  that 's not the same blue . 
  i found it quit convincing . 
  but it 's controversial , that 's for sure . 
  well this is a very good point !, 
  how do we draw the borders between civilizations ? 
  if we zoom in - every human has/is it 's own civilization and if we zoom far out - the whole world is one civilization . 
  so we need to draw an arbitrary line to get some meaningful definitions . 
  huntington 's book was heavily discussed when it came out 20 years ago , a lot of people disagree with his ideas . 
  this is the whole world by the way according to him . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/d/d5/clash_of_civilizations_map2.png so i am not claiming to proclaim the one and only truth here !, 
  this is a controversial topic . 
  sue away , i know americans love suing !, 
   listen , this is not an attack on america , this is about european self-determination . 
  what makes it european ? 
  this is not a map about religions but about kulturkreise ( cultural spheres ) . 
  it 's a theory presented by samuel p. huntington in his book `` clash of civilizations '' . 
  it is n't . 
  culture and religion are very closely connected . 
  ( i am an atheist btw . ), 
  yep . 
  i think you are confusing ancient greece with contemporary greece . 
  i 'm convinced it 's doable !, 
  it would n't be easy but it is absolutely possible . 
  there is a highly skilled workforce in europe , we have great universities and we have the money . 
  what we need is the political will to do it . 
  i agree . 
  here is what i think is europe . 
  https://i.imgur.com/fhehg1j.jpg i find the official definition ridicules !, 
  so what about my suggestion to jump-start an european alternative to google by all means necessary ? 
  absolutely !, 
  everybody is subsidizing his own companies while at the same time demanding that the others play by the rules of the `` free market '' . 
  that 's why an european google must be heavily subsidized from the get go . 
  and of course the us will scream foul play !, 
  so what ? 
  ok , everybody read this very short blog post please : [ boeing vs. airbus ] ( http://norberthaupt.com/2012/04/29/boeing-vs-airbus-education-in-the-united-states/ ) the key point is this :  there were many critics of airbus over the years . 
  they asserted that airbus was not a real company , but it was heavily subsidized by a number of governments , including germany , the u.k. and france . 
  true . 
  the eu must create an european alternative to google . 
  the unique selling point of course being privacy protection . 
  an i am not talking about a little startup , i am talking massive investments with a clear political agenda . 
  this is about vital security interests of europe . 
  just like europe needed her own aircraft company or her own gps alternative galileo . 
  austria is not a microstate . 
  austria is stronk and a net contributor to the eu . 
  and we have mountains !, 
  and everybody loves mountains !, 
  if you are happy with your government you are doing something wrong . 
  i really do n't like this guy or his policies . 
  but i ca n't shake the feeling that the ruling parties in europe , the social-democrats/labour parties or the christian-democrats/conservative parties would never be interviewed that good and harsh as this guy was . 
  this is very good journalism !, 
  could we get something like this for those in power and not just for the opposition ? 
  my point is that a nation tends to stick together if there is a ( perceived or real ) outside enemy . 
  the people will rally around their leaders und support them . 
  for the us especially it 's called the `` rally ` round the flag effect '' https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rally_%27round_the_flag_effect but to say  putin and his allies have created a powerful propaganda machine that is reinvigorating russian imperialism . 
  is nothing but scaremongering . 
  so , let us keep a sense of proportion .
