  i find flair on this sub for non-europeans can lead to people going into conversations with preconceptions . 
  i freely tell people where i 'm from if they want to know . 
  i totally understand that . 
  but is n't that also the fun part of this sub ? 
  you represent the usa and i represent austria . 
  but in fact we of course do n't . 
  but it 's fun !, 
  we are all ambassadors !, 
  yeah !, 
   of course an european google would n't be separated from the intelligence apparatus . 
  and of course the us and europe would share data . 
  we are close allies . 
  and both your and my government want to monitor us citizens . 
  but there is a distinction between us persons and foreigners right now . 
  you are protected by the us constitution and i am not . 
  that 's a fact and i do n't like it . 
  if your country decides that the us constitution should protect all people and not just us persons we could talk about it but i do n't see that happening ( and would n't believe it anyhow ) . 
  therefore europe needs to bake it 's own cake . 
  and i trust more in european democracy than i trust in american democracy to be honest . 
  ( not that i have a lot of trust in our democracy . ), 
  this is not anti-americanism this is just europeanisms . 
  i do n't know if you read german , but i like what he said in [ principle . 
  that 's exactly why i think we need an european google . 
  this guy at least admits that there is something going on . 
  his solution is wrong imho but at least he acknowledges that there is a problem . 
  absolutely !, 
  europe has a highly skilled labour force . 
  we have great technical universities . 
  we have the money . 
  we have people looking for jobs . 
  all we need is the political will to do it . 
  sadly , our leaders in brussels are idiots . 
  :( i do n't want to sound like a euro-nationalistic fool but honestly : who could or should break these monopolies other than europe ? 
  is n't that just our job ? 
  and btw that 's not how we do things here on / r/europe !, 
  you cant just suddenly agree with me !, 
  you should hate on me or ignore and downvote me !, 
  the thing is i read the book 15 years ago . 
  i only picked it up recently when the whole ukrainian mess started , because i remembered that he wrote about how divided ukraine is . 
  you know how it is , you read a book , then you forget everything you read and then something happens and you go : wait a minute , i read about that before !, 
  and you can then look it up . 
  the book got a bad rep because the neo-cons tried to use it to legitimate the war between the west and islam . 
  it is imho not a unscientific or bad book , it just touches on highly political issues and is therefore naturally controversial . 
  even if you totally disagree with huntington - as far as i remember - it is still a great and educational read . 
  absolutely !, 
  european governments are closely cooperating with nsa and gchq and that needs to stop !, 
  but european politicians are acting like this is just the evil americans doing . 
  surveillance has globalised , democracy has not . 
  but if we are being monitored and it looks like this is happening no matter what - i rather be monitored by my own european governments then by a foreign government . 
  at least then i have the illusion that i can change something with my vote . 
  : / and an european counterpart to google would be a step in the right direction , do n't you think ? 
  btw . 
  flair up !, 
  where are you from ? 
   although i do encourage all people and companies to make a go for it , if they think they have a superior product to that which google offers . 
  you do n't honestly think they would succeed even if they had a superior product . 
  google rules the internet . 
  this criticism came from the us not from germany . 
  ( germany had another problem . ), 
  and i think the mood has changed since nsa-gate . 
  now imho is the time to attempt it again . 
  very difficult , like you rightly said , but doable . 
  could be . 
  but who cares ? 
  and yes , google is a fantastic company !, 
  i tried duckduckgo , startpage and ixquick . 
  they are all shit . 
  microsoft 's bing is actually quit good . 
  but nothing beats google !, 
  i do n't think a startup search engine still has a chance to compete with google . 
  airbus never had a chance against boeing without the massive political and financial backing . 
  that 's what i want for the european google . 
  i tried duckduckgo , startpage and ixquick . 
  they are all shit . 
  microsoft 's bing is actually quit good . 
  but nothing beats google !, 
  i do n't think a startup search engine still has a chance to compete with google . 
  airbus never had a chance against boeing without the massive political and financial backing . 
  that 's what i want for the european google . 
  you are right , geography does n't help here . 
  [ cool video about continents ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ubcq1x7p34 ) my argument would be that the turks have developed their own distinct civilisation . 
  they are not european , they are turks !, 
  with there own religion , traditions , culture , languages , area of influence and history . 
  the turkish and the european civilisations are two neighbouring civilisations which have influenced each other heavily over the centuries and the borders are therefore blurry . 
  also , there are a lot of similarities between the two . 
  but they are distinct , which is not a bad thing !, 
  and about the eu thing . 
  if there where only 8 million turks ( like we austrians ) , you would have joined the eu years ago . 
  but turkey is a big , scary country !!!, 
  thanks for responding !, 
  i look like we just do n't agree on this one . 
   but i will no longer bother you since you are mobile . 
  but i guess we will meet again here on / r/europe !, 
  have a good weekend !, 
  oh no , i absolutely agree with you there !, 
  national interests play a huge role . 
  and a moronic , idiotic , incompetent , dilettantish eu leadership does n't help either . 
  this fail had nothing to do with the us . 
  this was homemade !, 
  but if there would be a solid commitment by the eu to build an anti-google , it would be doable .
