north sea union ? 
  if only the eu was about cooperation and not about political integration , then i would n't be forced to support a leave from the eu as well . 
  thanks for sharing your opinion . 
  i 'd rather step out . 
  elections are coming soon in the netherlands and france , i have feeling that eursceptism will be on quite the rise . 
  you do n't put a guy suffering from ptsd in charge . 
  it is done because the netherlands does n't have enough funds to support proper combat units on its own . 
  which would not be the case if the 2 % norm is reached , the only party willing to do that mentions that if we were to reach that norm an aircraft carrier for example would be achievable . 
  because it is not our problem , not worth a conflict with russia . 
  un , is n't that the organisation which allows saudi-arabia on the human rights council ? 
  i do n't see the value in following their definitions really . 
  really it makes me wonder if they were just too arrogant to admit they made a wrong decision . 
  boggles the mind . 
  never !, 
  really this is the stuff of nightmares , or the wet dream of juncker which is really the same . 
  except a judge will never allow that . 
  this method meanwhile while not as nice will ensure a safer society , both in europe and in syria . 
  a beautifull german landscape . 
  gib northern epirus ? 
  it would be in the best interest of society to keep education and religion seperate though . 
  children are more subsceptible to religion , as it is essentially a form of indoctrination . 
  some kind of reverse integration ? 
  interesting , never knew about greek pirates in that timeframe . 
  this means another referendum in the netherlands . 
  exciting times . 
  the moment it is officially accepted we are allowed to start the procedure for another referendum . 
  and there are already two seperate registrations running for it , i signed both . 
  you can be certain we will have a referendum if ceta is accepted . 
  well the eu is more like a technocracy at this point regardless . 
  quite a sad turn of events , hopefully we can revert it otherwise i 'll be forced to support a leave from the eu . 
  because screw democracy ? 
  is n't that what the eu is for ? 
  there was a orange version of our flag though . 
  i 'm not sure there ever was a blue flag for italy proper . 
  there was , but they were supposed to be guest-workers . 
  not immigrants . 
  hence the mistake . 
  and i believe accepting mass-immigration is often listed very high in lists of biggest mistakes in dutch history . 
  with a french tricolour design !, 
  too late for that , we 'll have to make do with our current options . 
  of which a nexit is most definately one of them . 
  the degree which does n't end up turning my country into a glorified province of a new political union . 
  something more like the eec . 
  as far as i 'm aware chile is the last country in the world upholding prussian military traditions . 
  we would not become part of a political union . 
  we voted against that actually . 
  i 'm all for economical cooperation but without political integration . 
  then it is up to the politicians to convince us otherwise . 
  no need for backdoor politics , time for more direct democracy . 
  lets do away with the eu . 
  and they even wonder why people are increasingly more negative of the eu . 
  relevant flair ? 
  and why would n't they ? 
  is is just following islamic rule in a pure form . 
  gustavus would turn in his grave if he saw sweden at its current state . 
  the dutch already invaded the uk . 
  and ended up installing a dutch king on the english throne . 
  well . 
  it is kind of right . 
  also nice seeing the prinsenvlag . 
  they wanted to untill the police promised the lynch mob to prosecute him . 
  wwi all over again . 
  edit : context for the downvoters : increasing the size of the german fleet before wwi was one of the large contributions towards increasing tension between britain and germany . 
  indeed . 
  in the end though the amount of people programming will never equal the amount of people losing their jobs these decades . 
  it will take something more drastic to avoid more and more people being in harsh wellfare programs aimed at not wanting to work , as opposed to not being able to find work . 
  [ heh ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/236x/d1/f9/f0/d1f9f0732b207be79b7a78ac5c08b7df.jpg ) . 
  meh , 16 million germans were forced to leave their homes after wwii . 
  nothing german left in poland . 
  `` poles are leeches , but sometimes they have ideas . '', 
  if you werent a pole i could see you getting banned for that . 
  time to remove some museum pieces ? 
  except if they want to leave ofcourse , in that case let the abuse begin . . 
  indeed , think of all those rapes which could have been prevented by not being so idealistic in bringing the entire world into our countries without proper integration . 
  the humor is lost on me . 
  evil brexit at work again , anyone buys that shit ? 
  too late for that , it was already copied . 
  new zealand . 
  or you guys just name yourself after a group no longer existing . 
  like paeonia , roughly the same region . 
  also a flower as a national symbol at the same time . 
  he is right about belgium though . 
  `` eu to spend more on propaganda ! '', 
  representative government badly representing makes such a decision lose its mandate if the citizens voted against it . 
  more swiss democracy please . 
  i never signed anything . 
  dutch people voted against an european constitution in a referendum . 
  there is no moral mandate . 
  some polls show that a lot of dutch would be in favor . 
  we never wanted an ever closing union . 
  time for a nexit in that case . 
  no we do n't need that , unless you want a political union . 
  kurds . 
  donar is the old germanic version of thor . 
  wodan for odin etc. 
  you honestly believe that ? 
  they are n't going anywhere . 
  do you mean mountain germans ? 
  all the way up to france and spain , they sure liked their colonies . 
  good points does n't equal the bad points .
