  to be clear : letting these economic migrants into my country is n't good for my country in any way . 
  they are not needed and it is not in the interest of the real refugees to let them in , or in the interests of the proper immigrants which follow the legal path to entry for that matter . 
  what i think ? 
  i think we should not remove dictators from that area , the local culture is not suited for a modern western society and it is in our best interest to put a pro-western dictator in power to call the shots to ensure stability in the region . 
   i understand your position , taking in refugees is a difficult decision and causes a lot of problems . 
  but we shouldnt stop to think empathic , just because populists tell us that refugees wont integrate anyway . 
  there are countless of examples of the successfull integration and our focus should be on making this path easier . 
  problems which can be avoided . 
  again not allowing economic migrants allows us to spend less money on the issue while supporting local camps for real refugees while also ensuring that less people die in their search for utopia . 
  more like sudentenland ? 
  planes are extremely deadly weapons in the wrong hands . 
  if you want to take in refugees to somehow feel morally right or with the intention to help them then you are n't really doing that . 
  how many more refugees can be helped in local laid camps with the money spend here in western europe on a single refugee ? 
  ( $ 36.000 , - a year in the netherlands ) furthermore how many people die on the journey ? 
  how many people take advantage of the oppertunity ? 
  it simply is not possible to keep taking in the rest of the world . 
  the best way to stop the stream of economical migrants is to simply shut the border , only when people know they wont gain entry will they stop to try . 
  less emotions in important matters such as these please . 
  you can help far more people by not letting them come here . 
  but ofcourse , now you can be smug about it to the outside world : `` look how good we are !, 
  just call it propaganda and be done with it . 
  it did make the news but not the mainstream ones . 
  only channels such as breitbart applied no censorship to the news , which shows the value of such channels . 
  that is even assuming that he is actually from syria . 
  best way to get to the social wellfare countries is to buy a fake syrian passport and just bluff your way in . 
  hell , a passport might not even be needed . 
  merkel is n't the sole cause , yet she definately had a worsening effect with that statement . 
  are n't anc often heard singing `` kill all whites '' songs ? 
  same with nelson mandela , organising car bombs to kill innocent people . 
  you are kidding but that kind of shitty policy is indeed indirectly responsible for this death . 
  sadly i do n't think we can hold people accountable for it , elections will show i gues . 
  when do stereotypes stop being stereotypes ? 
  side-effects of multiculturism . . 
  fuck that . 
  i 'd take any economic setback over an european government . 
  what is wrong with cooperation ? 
  why the need for an ever closing union ? 
  it is not even a world union but just the next power on the block . 
  yes , surely he considered himself french even if he had a passport ... 
  was n't he born in tunisia ? 
  one may lead to the other . 
  you do n't need to benefit from it . 
  maybe some people do n't mind living in a diverse world . 
  multiculturism is essentially going to destroy local cultures . 
  keep your propaganda to yourself , i 'd rather not have you brainwash children . 
  or rather : let us live as neighbours in our own houses , not all in the same house with an abusive father . 
  forcing different cultures to merge together is creating friction . 
  ca n't blame cultural diversity for that . 
  ask them . 
  if they will not tell you then you bring them to a pre-decided location where all `` neutral '' illegal immigrants are being taken . 
  which would require some deal with an african country . 
  if people know they will not get into europe you will see the attempts drop dramatically . 
  eu can easily eliminate that view by adopting the australian system . 
  perhaps not as `` feelgood '' but it works , some realism and not idealism is much needed . 
  yes , lets just replace it with some kind of artificial european nationalism against larger power blocs . 
  makes total sense ... 
  that is not its main purpose , that is total nonsense . 
  as if wars will break out if the eu disappears . 
  its main purpose has always been economical cooperation and we need to go back to that or call it quits . 
  switzerland is doing just fine . 
  sure but the article seems to imply they want to tax robots to make use of them unattractive to ensure human labour which to me seems regressive . 
  which is where basic income comes in . 
  taxing robots is just preventing the future . 
  robots taking human jobs should be a good thing . 
  indeed , we could n't hope for a better person to fuel euroscepticism . 
  in before an unexpected itexit . 
  i wonder how long it will take for catalonia to break apart . 
  german humor ? 
  it was , i like to trow out snarky one-liners . 
  the best part of that story is that it was orchestrated by a blind doge . 
  he is demonising millions of people without anything to back it up . 
  so yes , i 'd expect a reasonable response saying what data he has to think that way . 
  saltiness is no excuse . 
  venetians disagree . 
  link for that ? 
  or are you just spewing shit to demonise people who vote in a way you do n't like ? 
  what can possibly go wrong ? 
  he achieved his goal on which he worked for some decades , he 's a great succes !, 
  combine that with a severe lack of transparicy and the power wielded by the commission and tinfoil hats start sprouting up quite easilly . 
  [ this ] ( http://opiniepanel.eenvandaag.nl/uitslagen/67763/meerderheid_voor_referendum_over_eu_lidmaatschap ) one , which polled 27.000 dutch citizens . 
  it shows 54 % of the dutch citizens would want a referendum on the subject , regardless of their choice . 
  why ? 
  you take pleasure in the misery of others ? 
  unacceptable if not approved by a binding referendum . 
  a poll showed that a majority of the dutch citizens do want such a referendum though , not just `` some populist leader '' . 
  eu is a relic of the past , time to head towards a brighter future . 
  how about we let some institutions do some research on the effects on reverting to the gulden . 
  no need in dismissing it beforehand . 
  they chose not to decide , they lost the right to complain about turnout . 
  turnout is irrellevant . 
  do n't vote , do n't decide . 
  do n't complain after . 
  indeed , dutch is a frankish language . 
  way too ambitious . 
  just cleves , bentheim and east-frisia should have been enough with some historical grounds to base it on . 
  i 'm not saying that , as opposed to people like you where the first concern seems to be how badly these attacks will affect minorities instead of thinking about the victims . 
  well we have more peacefull neighbours basicly . 
  if the military capacity of israel was swapped with that of its neighbours we would probably see a genocide tomorrow . 
  there has been an investion on the reasons why people voted against the association agreement , which you can find [ here ] ( http://oekrainee.eu/wp-content/uploads/2016/11/nationaal%20oekra%c3%afne%20referendum%20onderzoek%202016.pdf ) . 
  essentially : * 31.4 % - corruption in ukraine * 16.6 % - fear of ukraine becoming part of the eu * 7.5 % - voicing opposition against the eu * 4.5 % - not bothering russia * 3.2 % - voicing opposition against the government * 2.3 % - using right to vote,
