  dutch citizens are being given the finger . 
  really ballsy considering they did the same when they ignored our vote against an european constitution . 
  at this point i 'd vote for a nexit . 
  [ akp voters by province . 
  ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/9/93/turkish_general_election_akp_votes_by_province.png ) ofcourse the kurds in the south-east are not represented but otherwise there seems to be a connection . 
  is n't the same strategy used in the financial world ? 
  making things artificially difficult to understand so people will need others to understand things , essentially creating work . 
  belgium should be divided anyways . 
  fun fact being that `` belgium '' is also a name referring to the netherlands . 
  the dutch republic was also known as `` foederatae belgii provinciae '' and `` belgica foederata '' . 
  it is alright but the words of the dutch republic are better in my eyes . 
   concordia res parvae crescunt / unity makes strenght it focusses more on the provinces working together while our current words seem to be tied towards us being a monarchy, 
  antifa is one of the more fascist movements though rather ironically . 
  french not realising they are copycats . 
  \u00c9\u00e9n pot nat . 
  he must really love pizza 's . 
  a crime does not justify a crime . 
  it is important to realise that what happened to the german civilians was a crime in the same way other crimes in the war are remembered . 
  same here , no need for the eu in its current political form . 
  for your information , the dutch flag predates the french flag by several centuries . 
  if anything the french flag is a vertical dutch flag . 
  we can into switzerland ? 
  those are more like guidelines . 
  take the flag of prussia for example , nothing a kid can draw but still a visually impressive flag . 
  or the flag of venice , same deal . 
  then how did he write his comment ? 
  and all that without boobs !, 
  there was also a company in the north , focussed on whaling called the [ northern company ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/noordsche_compagnie ) . 
  indeed , they call it a glorious revolution in britain yet he entered england with a dutch army and a dutch navy . 
  erdogan , probably . 
  so your basis is a fictional roman he has written and a far-left blog out to demonise him ? 
  how about you watch his own clarifications on those issues , you know , first hand sources ? 
  or you 're one of those guys who refuses to believe his explanation , i 've seen a few of those here on reddit as well . 
  his behavior and quotes support the opposite . 
  care to share some sources ? 
  good thing he is neither of those things . 
  same here , sad to see you are being downvoted for your opinion . 
  hoping on at least three seats myself , which should be more than possible !, 
  did n't the donald subreddit receive some kind of algorithm from the admins to make it less likely to reach the frontpage ? 
  believe i 've read something on that . 
  i 'm a big fan because it allows new political movements to rise and to give attention to certain subjects . 
  for example the pirate party getting a single seat would allow for more attention in our parliament for privacy related issues . 
  it would also mean less votes being lost . 
  we should pick the most qualified person , not turning down someone qualified for having the wrong stuff between his legs . 
  same here , the wait is the worst part of this all . 
   but i 'll respond to your idea that he 's `` talking about culture '' . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  you ca n't ` thin out ' culture . 
  i 'll give you an example . 
  there is a band , from america , gives a show here in the netherlands , people buy their music , listen to it . 
  maybe they try to form a band themselves , get inspired by the music they listen to from america . 
  now dutch culture contains some american influence . 
  did the culture get ` thinned ' by this ? 
  nope , it got enriched . 
  a culture is never monolithic , a culture changes and adapts and gets influenced and influences other cultures all the time . 
  there is no such thing as homeopathically thinning out a culture , that does n't make any sense . 
  baudet explained himself in the video , i suggest you rewatch it to hear his answer on this issue . 
  yet seeing how you are unwilling to fully reply to all my remarks in a poor fashion i gues i 'm going to have to write down his response for you in a rough translation : `` it has nothing to do with race . 
  i 'm also a mixture of people from all over the world . 
  with a partly indonesian familly etc. 
  so it is n't about race it is about culture . '', 
  `` i understand it is sketching a overdone image . '', 
  `` i wont let myself be placed in a racist - . . [ gets interrupted ] '' `` i have not wanted in any way to say something about race and i find it baffling - ... [ gets interrupted ] ... it is about culture . '', 
  `` i think that he [ maroccan mayor aboutaleb ] is currently contributing to the empowerment of the dutch culture and i find that praiseworthy . '', 
  `` now that i 've seen what this has caused i would not state that remarkt again . '', 
  `` the important thing is that we want to preserve the dutch culture and at this moment ... [ gets interrupted , it is mentioned culture is constantly changing ] . . that is completely true but you can at some point lose your culture to such an extend that you do no longer feel at home in your own country . 
  and that is something which is almost happening . 
  and that has , again , nothing to do with which area people are from . 
  as far as i 'm concerned everyone who wants to contribute to the dutch values and culture is welcome here . 
  however we must more clearly defend this and right now we are not doing that enough . 
  and that is why we came with the law '' [ bescherming nederlandse waarden ] ( https://forumvoordemocratie.nl/standpunten/wet-bnw ) '' [ yernaz ramautarsing , number 9 on fvd list is mentioned as an example of succesfull integration as well ] [ mayor aboutaleb and cu member seegers express their support for dutch norms and values which baudet is subscribing ] [ mayor aboutaleb says that dutch culture is existant and is worth a lot to him ] above are the main parts of the discussion at the table regarding the sentence . 
  actually it was rather annoying to write this down because the members at the table were not willing to let him finish his sentences and he was constantly interrupted . 
   there is n't any proof of what ? 
  i ask you to explain this comment , why do you change the subject ? 
  proof which justifies the accusation . 
  you are guilty untill proven innocent in your book ? 
  getting a bit tired of the classic racism/nazism card being used against controversial politicians . 
   no he did n't , if he did , you would be able to explain it to me , right here , in your own words . 
  i already have explained it : `` he was talking about culture which can be understood when you also take into account his book `` attack on the nation state '' , which is essentially talking about an attack on the nation state and essentially nationalism as well through mass-migration . '', 
   i 'm asking you to explain the comment , the only claim i make , is that to me , this totally sounds racist as fuck . 
  there is no proof needed , since the comment speaks for itself . 
  it was not about race as he has clarified . 
   do n't change the subject . 
  the fucking comment , buddy , explain the meaning of the words in his comment . 
  it was about culture . 
  your refusal to believe that does n't change that . 
   i did n't make any arguments . 
  stop the silly games , explain the fucking comment . 
  see the above . 
  -- also your summation of the arguments above are mistaken as my reply in that post was to your entire post . 
  it was not just to answer your question . 
  so let me correct those arguments here :  * he did it . 
  i said he corrected himself , it was not an attempt . 
   * he 's taken out of context . 
  you should watch the entire speech ( where did i hear that one before ? ), 
  what is weird about this ? 
  context is everything , you ca n't just cherrypick a single sentence and base everything on that . 
   * i 've been watching him for a while , and to me , he does n't seem like a nazi . 
  indeed . 
  his views have nothing to do with racism or nazism .
