  he has some good points for sure . 
  eu army will just help to further the process of undesirable eu political integration . 
  ofcourse not . 
  cooperation should be key . 
  we do n't meet the nato terms yet . 
  last i heard romana is going solo . 
  as a dancer , ofcourse . 
  in that case let us get our nexit over with , an eu army is unacceptable . 
  you wish you had those moves . 
  telling the truth seems like a nice narrative . 
  breitbart had the truth of cologne rapings long before others , it definately has some value by not sugar coating things . 
  i 'd say us is a great example at how not to do it . 
  it is different though seeing how it is a country made of immigration which makes it not that comparable to a lot of european countries . 
  i 'd take japan as a great example for being able to do well without sacrificing your identity for some idealistic goal . 
  population changes with more elderly are going to happen regardless in developed countries . 
  its natural , hans rosling explains on this in several videos . 
  mass-immigration is not a solution for the problem : it is delaying the inevitable . 
  that is human nature , ca n't change that . 
  especially not if the people immigrating are feeling just the same way . 
  essentially the same as the tolerance against intolerant scenario , its going to fail eventually . 
  hungarians are descended from steppe people as well right ? 
  might explain the cultural word for beer . 
  then which jobs have yet been created by the rise of automation ? 
  unemployment is rising . 
  i 'd rather fix the coming problem before it actually is a problem . 
  this is an entire new technological revolution . 
  jobs are being lost without new ones being created in any meaningfull quantity , this ca n't be fully compared . 
  holland can have ostfriesland ? 
  islamophobia is for a irrational fear of islam . 
  hatred against the ideology behind islam is not quite islamophobia . 
  easy , just check for wigs to spot them . 
  this needs gold , painfull truth right here . 
  some cultures have a hard time adapting to a western society . 
  watch some hans rosling videos , the problematic demography you mention is n't problematic , its the inevitable future for developed countries as population will cap out because of low birth numbers . 
  because shots at the leg tend to not pierce the brain . 
  oh you still believe all of the refugees are syrians ? 
  really now ? 
  and how are third world countries suppused to prosper when their citizens are leaving it ? 
  letting every fortune seeker in is n't going to help them nor us . 
  i 'm a bit split on that . 
  it would be nice to honor the history of the area but the current area is looking more shitty than it used to look under the reign of prussia . 
  it might be better to keep the eagle buried with some dignity . 
  i 've read some rumors that at one point russia was interested in selling the area to germany , probably just that though . 
  would be interesting . 
  virgins in heaven replaced by eternal feasting in the halls of valhalla . 
  tough choice . 
  then you watch hans rosling and he explains that population is going to cap out regardless . 
  immigration is just delaying the inevitable , it is n't a solution . 
  which a certain hatefull ideology can take easy advantage of . 
  it removes context , it makes it harder to connect a violent religion with acts of terrorism . 
  this seems like an inevitable future , which really is a good thing if we make a proper transition . 
  basic income might be a part of that , covering most primal needs . 
  can confirm . 
   i dont want to take in refugees to feel right , i feel like thats the right thing to do ( which is a difference ) . 
  and i 'm saying such a feeling is misplaced as it is not actually what is in the best interest for most refugees , just those lucky enough to get in . 
   there is no point in having them in camps , we want to integrate them . 
  btw there are plenty of countries in europe ( also usa ) who dont take a reasonable share of refugees . 
  ofc it will be difficult for only a few countries if they each have to take a large margin . 
  [ usa take 10k with a population of 318 mio = 0.0031 % ] why do we need to integrate them ? 
  i do n't see the need for that . 
  our countries are overcrowded as is , no need to introduce people with low job oppertunities and unemployment everywhere . 
  all besides the cultural problems and crime related issues it will increase . 
   the point of doing this is keeping them from dieing . 
  why do you think we have marine in the mediterranean sea ? 
  the point that people take advantage of them has nothing to with their situation . 
  where are your numbers regarding economical migrants vs refugees ? 
  you are just throwing words around . 
  shutting down borders may solve the refugee stream , but do you wan na sit in your protected country while the world around you vanishes in flames and their population dies at your doorstep ? 
  have you even seen syrian war footage or do you think they are all coming just to take our money ? 
  the problem is that the german bamf takes to long to evaluate if migrants are actual refugees or economical migrants and fails to send people unfit of integration into society back in a timely manner . 
  this is all assuming that they will die if we do n't accept them . 
  they will not , most camps are taken good care of and if we stop accepting more economic migrants we can further invest in local camps . 
  why we have the marine in that sea ? 
  simple : because we are allowing them in our countries . 
  if we stop doing that we are removing the incentive to go towards our countries . 
  are you not seeing this ? 
  people are dying because they think they will get in . 
  the marine at this point is just a glorified taxi service for easy entry . 
  regarding economic migrant versus refugee , if they manage to cross many safe countries to come here in western europe they are n't refugees anymore just people looking for good social wellfare . 
  that is why i 've taken special care to not mention them being refugees as it is frankly unfair to do so . 
   i am emotional , why is that a bad thing , after all my people are dieing , the society gets filled with hatred and legitimate refugees get treated badly because of the deeds of a few . 
  that does not make my points less rational . 
  it is a bad thing because it obstructs the best course of action . 
  again : you can help far more people by not taking them in . 
  the only two reasons i can find to allow them here are to either feel good about it or to create a new easy workforce to ensure low wages . 
   if you honestly think this is the reason i am convinced that helping other people is a good thing , you are a despicable person . 
  i consider myself a realist , if that makes me a despicable person so be it . 
   ofcourse accepting and integrating other people , religions , races is a difficult path . 
  we could make it easy for ourselves and just ignore the suffering of others . 
  but i dont want to live in a world where we cant give people shelter but instead have to let them die at our borders . 
  if you truly think that nationalism and populism will protect our countries more than acceptance , then i am sorry for you . 
  history shows that these options eventually lead to war/civil war . 
  do you really think that the problems around us will just disappear if we ignore them ? 
  the biggest priority should be to make syria and the other conflict zones a liveable country again and solve the problem at its root , but actual world politics are a lot more complicated than this . 
  nobody wants to be involved in a war and as it seems the rebels may not even necessarily be the `` good guys '' . 
  there is also the point of isis probably being funded by saudi arabia and the world just ignoring it because of lobbying and corruption . 
  so pacifying syria wont be an easy task . 
  but we are under no obligation to integrate the rest of the world . 
  we do not have such a responsibility . 
  not everyone wants that and more people are turning against ideas such as multiculturism lately .
