  i could live with [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a3/grootnederlandineuropa.png ) , uniting the dutch speaking countries in europe . 
  ( excluding the french parts ! ), 
  we could proclaim the second dutch republic !, 
  with a vote in both regions if they want the monarchy to remain as a ceremonial role with a princely title . 
  i 'm a great supporter of that concept . 
  though the problem would be the shape of the union . 
  like which flag should we use ? 
  two options would be the prinsenvlag or the flag of the austrian netherlands ( red , white and gold ) without the emblems . 
  the latter having the colors of the north ( red ) and the south ( gold ) . 
  they have a more mature form of democracy , which should serve as an example for many other countries in western europe . 
  based on what exactly ? 
  good example is sparte in greece , there was nothing left of ancient sparta once it was build in the same location . 
  its one of the few lands which was not ethnically cleaned of all germans . 
  it was a [ joke ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eighty_years'_war ) , but still every people should have a right to determine their own future . 
  old amsterdamerig ? 
  if you ignore the rather high eurosceptism in our country . 
  interesting , austria also has visegrad tendencies ? 
  if catelonia votes to be independent then we should support them . 
  no one likes spanish oppression . 
  monarchies are not just about the current ruler . 
  not to my country , which could arguably be said about politicians giving away power without a referendum . 
  bullshit , i have no problems with the continent but absolutely despise the eu and its attempts to form a political union . 
  at least he is being honest about it , hopefully some people who are in denial of this fact will realise that this has been the goal for the eu all along . 
  the same false narrative some people like to spin , implying we would wage wars again without the eu . 
  that is why i mentioned more direct democracy , rather than a pure direct democracy . 
  a pure representative democracy seems like a rather limited form of democracy and is in my eyes way too old-fashioned and serves to create a political elite which does not have to actually listen to its population . 
  allowing referendums to give a population the ultimate say on matters will also serve to further return faith in politics . 
  you 're saying we can finally cure europe of the eu ? 
  switzerland is managing just fine . 
  i 'm rather fearfull how many people are suddenly against democracy just because the `` dominant '' political lines of thought are changing . 
  just those who do n't like the results of people voting . 
  it just means we need more direct democracy . 
  it indicates both of those things , i 'd say . 
  only one way to see if his solutions work , if they do n't then his support will fall and his voters will vote for someone else , hence democracy working as intended . 
  ca n't have him threatening the dollar . 
  actually he recalled many of his prominent eu parliament members and put them on his list to be voted on , he seems to be more serious now about ruling than before . 
  so its only democracy if people vote your way ? 
  if people feel wilders supports their concerns better than other politicians then it is showing that democracy is working if they support him . 
  `` they destroyed my dream , now i 'm going to destroy them ! '', 
  you honestly believe that ? 
  not sure why you 're downvoted . 
  its in the best interest of the eu to depict russia as some sort of common enemy in order to instill a sense of unity . 
  you 're saying we can resocialise extremists ? 
  still waiting for my $ 1000 . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/godwin's_law ), 
  funny how the ones opposing trump are attacking others and destroying property . 
  fascists attacking those who disagree with their political views ? 
  are n't their male/female ratio 's a cause for disaster ? 
  and i 'm pretty sure it is not their culture which is the problem , rather other cultures within . . 
  apparantly ? 
  lets keep it that way . 
  to be honest it was a matter of self-interest , jews had a lot of business connections back in the day and were being oppresed in some regions . 
  we allowed them to express their religion and to live here and it payed off , perhaps not as nice to think of it this way but it was mainly about finance and not about human rights . 
  and ofcourse pim fortuyn who received great support from the dutch citizens , who himself was also openly gay . 
  my main point being that the franks mainly settled in the low countries . 
  dutch for example is a frankish language in origin . 
  ruled by franks , yet not main living area of franks . 
  always a interesting name , perhaps not the best considering all things . 
  was n't it called bohemia ? 
  or people not wanting to feel guilty for their ancestors and wishing to live a life without shame ? 
  anything to back that up ? 
  or just calling them bad names to discredit them ? 
  and inconvenient for your rhetoric ? 
  corsica was at one point owned by genoa i believe . 
  so i 've read . 
  i doubt russia will accept that though . 
  just go for stettin , got ta follow the river as a border its just annoying to see right now . 
  kind of in the same way that the kalingrad russians want to rename their city to k\u00f6ningsberg ? 
  some kind of pride in the history of the city . 
  even less proof than no proof ? 
  interesting . 
  a nice dutch company still posing to be swedish for marketing purposes . 
  this has nothing to do with / r/europe . 
  there are n't even facts to back it up , rather it looks like 4chan and the like are responsible for making this story up . 
  and what if i 'm not ok with it ? 
  it lives on in south-america , the traditions at least . 
  an universal basic income , it will be the big social development in this century . 
  the alternative is a very dark dystopian future and i 'd rather not see that . 
  unless we make the eu more unstable to force the creation of a new system . 
  such as voting for a frexit or nexit . 
  currently going towards either vnl or fvd , both of which are new parties running for the first time in the coming elections . 
  ideally they would fuse and they would have my guaranteed vote . 
  alternatively the pvv which has promised more direct democracy . 
  which would ensure my vote being represented as the other parties i mentioned are not certain to even get enough voters . 
  there is also the interesting concept of geenpeil , another new party which has no political stance on anything . 
  rather all members will get to vote and discuss things in a digital environment on any subjects they select and the representatives will follow the majority vote . 
  this system seems to be ahead of its time though , i 'd rather see a step towards the swiss system first . 
  makes me wish we had this so much , seems like such a mature form of democracy , i 'm definately voting on a party which promises more direct democracy in the future . 
  does [ defeating the tercio 's ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8d/slag_bij_nieuwpoort.jpg ) count ? 
  i 've yet to see proof , yet people are still criticising the concept of `` lying media '' in here . 
  and if russia truly intends to do that they have my blessing , less merkel would be a good thing . 
  are you suggesting we should just annex the thing that got in between ? 
  is there still a sense of rivalry with the venetian region ? 
  really was a great move , here in the netherlands the gas profits were not invested but added to the budget . 
  it is going to be pretty bad when it runs out . 
  or give kalingrad to poland , and give stettin to germany . 
  really that border not following the river is annoying . 
  in chile ? 
  it is affordable in sweden ? 
  just cleves , bentheim and ost-friesland would have been enough .
