  other areas never really had a strong dutch connection to warrant it . 
  unless your family is taking financial advantage of you , it happens ... 
  christmas is n't even here yet , or new year 's eve . 
  islamic terrorism will most certainly still strike this year . 
  and the coming years ... 
  well excluding prussia , the only modern nation to be utterly destroyed . 
  the comparisons are really striking . 
  both at opposite sides of europe bit having a strong resemblance in some ways . 
  are there any official studies comparing them ? 
  would be interesting . 
  hanseatic league is interesting as well to learn about in this regard . 
  season 2016 has been really interesting so far . 
  is n't it based on a cultural practice followed by some refugees in which women are consistantly touched and possibly raped ? 
  i like it when criticism against the eu is not tolerated because apparantly we should only care about money . 
  his hand is forced because we have elections next year . 
  well some people do buy the lie that it had nothing to do with membership . 
  just because something is not stated does not mean it will never happen . 
  take the euro , they knew they euro would force further integration because managing a currency without centralisation is bound to give problems . 
  sneaky things like that is just adding to the rising eurosceptism . 
  was n't it actually austrians the last few times ? 
  prepare to flood the dykes !, 
  because they elected someone you do n't agree with ? 
  lets not discard freedom of speech over something so trivial as disagreements . 
  we should have it , for all the criticism the us often gets around these parts it is one of the areas in which the us is clearly ahead of us . 
  i tend to find another historical example to make for a better comparison . 
  the dutch revolt against spain , in which the latter was applying a policy of centralisation from a certain city : brussels . 
  and here we are , yet again . 
  the dutch voted against an european constitution , it was forced on us . 
  time to set things right next year , hopefully . 
  search for the studies of hans rosling . 
  population cap of the world can be somewhat predicted . 
  most worrying is the massive number of people which will still be born in africa during this century . 
  the aging of society is an inevitable development . 
  that we in western europe are artificially delaying it does n't change that . 
  rather our immigration policy does n't mean we do n't get such an aging society , we are just delaying the inevitable and making it worse when it will finally hit us . 
  how do they differ in your eyes ? 
  i chose orange to make it more specific . 
  you known , our national colour ? 
  re-reconquista ? 
  [ yep . 
  ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ht5gesq.png ) or [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/etmugmd.png ) one might be more relevant . 
  the good old `` everyone who thinks differently is just stupid '' , really do n't people understand how counterproductive to their cause they are being with such a mindset ? 
  charlemagne was born in modern belgium i believe . 
  chimay blue . 
  so succesfull it brought us jihadists and segregation . 
  no thanks . 
  or we can try the same soft approach of the last 30 years , well ... 
  basic income is a needed idea but it should come with no strings attached . 
  this will just serve to push people to have more kids for additional money . 
  we do know about the egyptians though . 
  can we choose who will fuck us ? 
  dutch is a language descendant from the frankish language . 
  frankish tribes settled mostly in the netherlands even though they came to occupy a much larger area ( france ) . 
  actually we do , mammoths went extinct just 3600 years ago on a remote siberian island . 
  alternative names for the dutch republic : `` foederatae belgii provinciae '' and `` belgica foederata '' . 
  time for anschluss ? 
  during the dutch golden age there was a point in which half of the merchant ships in europe were flying under a dutch flag . 
  let 's also not apply censorship . 
  just keep an arm 's reach distance . 
  apparantly we are schaffing das . 
  sadly it is not all that [ functional ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/9370147.jpg ) anymore . 
  but it is quite [ beautiful ] ( http://static.panoramio.com/photos/original/74091996.jpg ) in a sense . 
  indeed , its a shame . 
  that is why i 'm glad my hometown still has a large part of its medieval city walls . 
  interesting . 
  always nice to compare the venetian republic and the dutch republic . 
  with that line of thought we might as well unite the world instead of forming another power bloc which only use will be to instigate more conflict and strife with other large powers . 
  you know that based on what exactly ? 
  why should i identify mainly as an european ? 
  i do n't want my country to become a glorified province , to the extend that it is n't already . 
  nothing wrong with cooperation but i do n't see the need for eu integration . 
  [ not really ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_during_the_occupation_of_germany ) ... 
  is this a real picture ? 
  never thought that such technology was already in use in 1913 . 
  or let bavaria loose , germany can get back into hre . 
  and what does a better world mean to you ? 
  one that fits your worldview ? 
  its all subjective . 
  ah , a good old case of things being worrisome if we disagree with someone . 
  you do n't mess with the swiss . 
  indeed , this should n't mean the current net-payers have to pay even more . 
  the weaker countries will just have to make-do with less funds . 
  he lan sound similar as well to holland . 
  many people who come here without any skills are a drain on our economic system and on our ability to care for those in need in our society . 
  in fact a dutch researcher named jan van den beek did a controversial research and conluded that often both the first and second generation will cost us more money than they will make for us . 
  so no , they wont be needed for payment of taxes as they will receive more than they 'll make . 
  -- [ here ] ( http://tpo.nl/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/screen-shot-2017-03-21-at-21.41.08.png ) is a result of his model , showing the costs/benefits of migrant groups which came to the netherlands during our last parliament . 
  it represents the running costs of primary migration during parliament rutte ii for first and second generation migrants , including follow-up migration and corrected for remigration odds . 
  numbers are in billions , cumulative costs . 
  * blue - eastern-european * red - remaining-western * yellow - non-western * purple - refugee, 
  no need considering future automation . 
  population will balance out . 
  hans rosling had some interesting videos on this . 
  going to ireland by any chance ? 
  [ this ] ( https://krikienoid.github.io/flagwaver/ ) is a good site to test out flag designs . 
  personally not a fan of the current eu but these are some nice flag designs !, 
  should we become a united states of europe ( worst case scenario ) then these should definately be the new flags of the states . 
  so , we are the smugglers ? 
  i wonder how the swedish wellfare state will cope in a few decades . 
  no need for the jokes , it is exactly the same and should be treated the same .
