  i think germany has become too complacent during the reign of the strong deutschmark in the cold war era . 
  most german people are quite meek in such situations , and make a point of `` arranging with the situation '' their priority - as if they were recipients of some sort of social benefit rather than paying customers . 
  the waiter obviously did n't expect my eastern european assertiveness !, 
  just do n't buy all the scaremongering . 
  i 'm pretty sure germany , austria , france ... all have their share of problems but maybe just do n't get the media attention they deserve . 
  it does n't matter . 
  an airline grad schemer told me the other day at a job fair that missing language skills are no biggie . 
  while she only speaks english she 's still done quite well . 
  are graduate schemes still an option ? 
  get in touch with hr at the companies you 're interested in and ask about options for career changers . 
  network rail has a huge need for management schemers at the moment and applications at nr are closing in a few days if i 'm not mistaken . 
  regarding careers advice , i would recommend that you join a professional network in your target sector . 
  for the uk transport industry , it would be young rail professionals - http://www.youngrailpro.com/, 
  they 're a lovely bunch of people so do n't be shy . 
  looking forward to you joining the transport industry . 
  i would n't underestimate the social part of university life . 
  this is much stronger in the uk . 
  it 's less likely to forget the card in the device . 
  also , less wear and tear . 
  what a first world citizen problem . 
  try using a poorly configured german or us `` chip and signature '' card in the uk if you want to have some real fun . 
  seeing the card reader display `` remove card and hand to operator '' - oh the awkwardness !, 
  even more so when the store clerk meticulously compares the signature on your card to what you have scrawled on the receipt ( and asks for id to add insult to injury ) , or swears at you for having swiped the card ( even though you duly dipped it ) . 
  worst of it all is that those cards will usually be accepted at rail ticket machines without any identification at all . 
  so anyone can readily buy a fancy and pricey rail ticket with a lost/stolen card unless it 's been cancelled . 
  it depends on the retailer as well as the card . 
  some devices will always obtain online authorisation for contactless payments and it will show up immediately . 
  some cards support offline contactless payments and others do n't ( forcing the device to obtain online authorisation even for low value contactless purchases ) . 
  unfortunately this capability is n't openly advertised but you do notice a speed difference at , say , london underground 's ticket barriers . 
  different story for bus or taxi drivers though ... 
  but the rolling stock is really outdated and comfort laughable by today 's standards . 
  the berlin s-bahn suffered from massive issues ( understaffing , unmaintained rolling stock ) between 2009 and 2013 . 
  similar to the southernfail crisis in south east england at the moment . 
  but the brits at least got their act together and a commuter association has raised funds for a judicial review . 
  moved to the wrong region then . 
  bavaria is infamous for very restrictive shop opening laws but berlin has plenty of stores open late and several mainline rail stations do offer retail therapy on sundays . 
  seriously , is that still a thing ? 
  i had the impression that the uk had been doing better for a decade or two and has more of a civic understanding of being british nowadays . 
  whereas in eastern europe you 'd still have more of an ethnic ( sometimes borderline racist ) understanding of `` being from here '' . 
  it 's just a different kind of bad in germany . 
  obviously the housing market is not as strained as it 's a federal republic and the economy is not concentrated on a huge behemoth of a city that is london , so overcrowding is not yet as common . 
  but services are really infrequent . 
  infrequent services mean less chances for knock-on disruption but many commutes are simply not feasible if you have a connection to make that is a near-miss , having to wait 55 minutes for the next service at an unstaffed station somewhere in the woods . 
  this means renting an expensive city centre flat or driving to work and the latter is what most germans probably do . 
  cleanliness and security have long been neglected and the berlin s-bahn in fact suffered from lengthy disruption in 2009-12 almost as extensive as southern fail today . 
  politicians did n't really give a hoot about the commuters ' plight as they did n't want to risk an open conflict with the unions . 
  season tickets are slightly cheaper than in uk but advance and especially open tickets are wickedly expensive , so much in fact that for a family weekend break , the car is certainly the better option . 
  it does also happen in other countries . 
  the wrong postcode can shove your application straight into the bin , it 's a bit more subtle and perhaps not as openly discussed as in the uk . 
  oh yes , brits are the true masters of efficiency !, 
  my pet hate is ... erm ... 
  think mcdonalds in eastern europe . 
  you get in line and some idiot just stops next to you instead of behind you , trying to slowly & subtly push in front of you in the messy queue . 
  i was told off once for not respecting the old queue in a supermarket . 
  in berlin , not in london . 
  by an elderly lady ( who did n't seem to have a british vibe ) . 
  weird things happen . 
  uk supermarkets are cleaner , organised with great attention to detail ( think cutlery ) and have self service tills , making grocery shopping a joy and a less formal experience than in de where you 'd simply not bother with the long supermarket queues and buy a drink from some overpriced corner shop or station newsagents . 
  i 'm serious , the brits are a really well organised bunch . 
  camden is where you can spot women over 40 with brave colourful hair . 
  it 's a really unique place and i still like it even though it 's lost a bit of its charm . 
  not sure about uk bank transfers but chargeback fraud with euro bank transfers is n't exactly unheard of . 
  no , in de generally people pack their shopping immediately after the cashier has scanned it . 
  discount supermarkets as opposed to high-end supermarkets do not even have an item retaining area at the end of the conveyor belt . 
  in fact retail is one of the areas where germany is quite inefficient and lags behind its neighbours by one or two decades . 
  no self checkouts , no fast manned checkouts with maze queues , even small city centre supermarkets are quite traditional set ups with conveyor belts and huge shopping carts . 
  daring to use contactless one or two years ago was a guarantee to be sworn at by bad-tempered cashiers as opposed to a method of speeding up the purchasing experience . 
  even health and beauty stores in de , where the average shopping basket size is quite small , have a conveyor belt setup as opposed to a maze queue setup that you can find at boots or tesco express in the uk , for reasons unknown to me . 
  so it 's making me really happy to read that `` german efficiency '' still seems to be a thing elsewhere !, 
  to add insult to injury , it 's `` made in germany and france '' . 
  there are plenty of proper frozen food plants in blighty ... 
  yes metro bank comes to my mind, 
  surely must be them celebrating russian christmas . 
  i really like aldi in the uk too , went to the manchester arndale one last year and was pleasantly surprised by the presence of a member of staff standing in the maze queue , apparently assessing the speed of the queue and how many customers were served per minute ... 
  british efficiency meeting german thriftiness = british success !, 
  from a uk law 's point of view permanent residence determines the applicable law , so you can use the name that you have changed by deed poll within the uk . 
  try applying for a provisional driving licence from the dvla , enclose the deed poll ( https://www.gov.uk/id-for-driving-licence ) , that should give you a proof of identity . 
  the german embassy will issue documents pursuant to german law . 
  according to german international private law , the citizenship determines the applicable law so you 'd be subject to german laws . 
  change of name through the german authorities is quite difficult , much more so than in the uk ( essentially you 'd have to convince some bureaucrat that your name is unbearable and causes damage to your mental health etc. , as you are considered an object of the government administration ) . 
  it 's very much a remainder of nazi legislation when germany was even more of a class society than it is today and was n't really interested in seeing minorities blend in rather than stick out ( and this in some ways continues to this day ) . 
  as you 're uk born , if you can prove your permanent residence , i 'd definitely recommend that you apply for british citizenship as soon as possible . 
  dual citizenship will be accepted by the germans if you are naturalised before brexit and you will likely enjoy grandfathered status , whereas when brexit comes into force , it may not be possible anymore to obtain a second citizenship with these favourable conditions . 
  it depends on the sector really , graduate recruiters from law firms want to know everything including gcses . 
  open a spare uk bank account at metro bank in london , you will get a bank card on the spot . 
  if you just need an account with a gb iban for incoming and outgoing transfers ( not direct debits ) and visa debit card payments , you can always open one with monese from home . 
  but the the high account maintenance fee does n't make it particularly attractive . 
  are you currently living in an eu country ? 
  if yes , you can apply for a basic account with most major uk banks . 
  the law has recently changed with the payments accounts regulations 2015 . 
  they should even accept you with a proof of your eu foreign address . 
  banks will have different procedures - some will accept applications from abroad ( if you are willing to post your actual passport , not a certified copy , to the bank ) and some will require you to identify in person at a branch in the uk . 
  you may have to follow up with the bank though , call and chase them and be a bit of a pita , i 've heard of some of them processing these applications rather reluctantly . 
  a few banks like hsbc and amex do offer a transfer of credit history and that might help you . 
  most wo n't help you though . 
  even if you 're a santander customer in germany or a bzwbk santander customer in poland , in good standing with a line of credit , santander uk does n't care . 
  different banks operate slightly different kyc and aml policies so `` it 's the law '' is just part of the story . 
  the op should shop around a little bit if the first bank does n't accept them ( unless they are looking for a basic account with a contactless debit card and apple pay/android pay - there 's only one option if i 'm not mistaken ) . 
  they might be able to have foreign bank statements posted to the local uk address . 
  this would also be accepted by some banks as proof of a uk address .
