  as an objectively assessable marker for a society being judgemental ) . 
  but i love the sign . 
  it makes you feel being in good hands , an airport operator that knows that not everyone ( international clientele ) knows that toilets ... 
  it does happen in the uk too but it 's not quite as noticeable . 
  when i went to a job fair in berlin with a german/indian mate and approached the booth of some eu agency , asking for information on graduate careers in flawless german , the representative started by uttering `` well first of all you 've got to be a citizen '' in a slightly condescending tone . 
  a careers fair ffs is where employers present themselves at their best . 
  the uk is less judgemental , certainly , at least in those formal contexts . 
  the style of driving in germany is more relaxed than in poland but not as nice as in the uk . 
  actual road rage is rare but i think brits are more considerate . 
  oh , and cyclists are n't much worse at rule-bending . 
  liberal in some aspects but quite conformist in others . 
  some may like the german or polish ( somehow historically similar , but a polar opposite regarding attitudes to nation and patriotism ) lifestyle more and others prefer the british attitude . 
  fair enough . 
  i do have the impression that social attitudes in today 's germany are somehow like in the uk 20 or 25 years ago when it comes to diversity and acceptance of ethnic minorities , disabled people etc. 
  but then again the brexit debate probably has n't changed the uk for the better . 
  what about advance fares or ticket splits ? 
  i 've noticed that phenomenon at manned cash registers too . 
  funnily , the receipt is printed immediately after the card payment is cleared at \u017babka convenience stores in poland and it takes no longer than three or four seconds . 
  but uk shops usually do quite well too . 
  german cash registers are the slowest . 
  have you been told why you were detained ? 
  this is certainly not the normal experience of a visitor , even from the former colonies . 
  do n't think it would likely happen again . 
  there are some kinds of foreign currency accounts around , more or less useful , and available to british residents , if you are willing to shop around and go through some hassle . 
  some banks in poland could be an option ( millennium and pekao spring to my mind ) . 
  they may accept non-residents . 
  take proof of identity and proof of address ( take a ( provisional or full ) driving licence with you , the utility bill thing is n't big in central europe , as the registered address is usually on the national identity card in poland , germany etc. ), 
  as well as proof of tax residence ( hmrc letter ) with you . 
  you will need to travel to poland in person and ideally demonstrate some connection to poland so the bank will want your custom . 
  ( though , polish bank employees have always been quite welcoming to me - probably they have targets of how many people each branch needs to convince to switch their current account . ), 
  accounts can be denominated in pln , eur , gbp , chf etc. 
  be prepared to pay some fees though for a multi currency card ( karta wielowalutowa ) , and a monthly fee for the accounts themselves . 
  free banking is n't that big a thing in central europe . 
  interfaces are usually available in english . 
  cinkciarz.pl is a foreign currency wallet that can be opened from abroad . 
  interface available in english . 
  but less useful as you do n't have ibans . 
  a similar currency wallet is leupay , with a free prepaid mastercard , but very costly outbound bank transfers . 
  german accounts , denominated in euro , can be opened from abroad , with certain online banks such as comdirect . 
  you can fund these accounts through xendpay , transferwise etc. 
  but the internet banking will be in german only . 
  capellini are best !, 
  extremely tasty thin pasta . 
  it may have to do with the language . 
  polish words are quite long but the characteristic way british people speak is , in a way , smoother and rounder than the way polish people speak . 
  a pole giving a coin as tip could say `` to dla pani '' ( `` that for ( female ) you '' ) . 
  in poland itself poles are quite different than in the uk . 
  maybe this also has to do with language . 
  it 's quite easy to offend people when speaking a foreign language , and polish people are n't as subtle as britons . 
  i do think many poles love banter too , they 're not as serious , stiff and politically correct as germans are . 
  and whoever learns/speaks/practices their polish as an obvious non-pole is usually respected . 
  ( poles in poland do n't reply in english to someone attempting to speak their language even if poorly , quite unlike dutch for example . ), 
  showing interest in and knowledge of poland is a sure way to build rapport . 
  and of course , they had a socialist past where people spied on each other so lacking trust in public is still a thing . 
  still , love the country . 
  it feels quite authentic and no-nonsense . 
  you can also transfer/convert the gbp to another account of yours through revolut , xendpay , transferwise or the likes, 
  public toilets are sometimes contactless or coins only, 
  i 've done a similar thing a few years ago . 
  got a gatwick airport to manchester ticket , went from victoria to kings cross ( instead of euston which is where the virgin trains to man depart ) , had lunch at kgx and walked to euston . 
  it 's possible . 
  yes , they do - there is interchange for balance enquiries . 
  an unwanted balance display can even ruin dates . 
  because the atm operator receives a small interchange from your bank . 
  so with some odd prepaid cards ( leupay as an example ) the balance enquiry is not free after all , while the atm operator does n't directly bill you , your issuing bank will !, 
  the one i hate the mostest , ripping off gullible tourists , but still many choose to use it ( because they might not understand what it means ) . 
  i see that a lot in poland , the czech republic , hungary and switzerland and occasionally in germany . 
  please choose the currency, 
  to be charged to your account, 
  withdrawal amount 150.00 pln, 
  exchange rate, 
  including markup, 
  account charge account charge, 
  by choosing the pln ( local ) instead of the gbp option , you 're saving # 2 ... no need to have the currency converted by the atm provider especially if using a 0 % foreign transaction fee card . 
  it 's quite simple if you use a travel money card such as revolut or a fee-free credit card . 
  always choose the currency you 're actually billed by the shopkeeper/withdrawing at the atm , which is usually the local currency . 
  this option might also be shown as `` continue without conversion '' option . 
  it is currently legal to surcharge card payments as long as these surcharges do n't exceed the actual costs incurred by the merchant ( directive 2011/83/eu , art 19 ) . 
  surcharging was formerly banned , not by law but by standard terms in acquirer-merchant contracts , but this is no longer the case . 
  surcharging will be banned by law for certain types of card when the revised payment services directive ( psd2 ) is transposed into uk law . 
  this likely wo n't happen until 2018 though . 
  obviously any surcharging or minimum purchase policy would also have to be advertised wherever card acceptance is advertised , as card scheme decals on the door of a shop resemble an invitation to treat and create a customer expectation . 
  i do n't really think cash handling is still significantly cheaper than card acceptance ( < 0.5 % for debit ) , especially considering the safety benefit of lower amounts of cash in a lonely country park . 
  you might want to introduce your boss to http://www.cardswitcher.co.uk/ or similar sites in order to reduce your operating costs . 
  a happy customer will recommend the place and come back . 
  not necessarily , they might be stuck with an old processing contract and we 'll have to give them the benefit of the doubt . 
  revolut is pretty good , especially for international spending where the usual uk debit cards hit you with extortionate fees . 
  i 'm doing this all the time in the uk . 
  as i have a personal finance planner on my phone it 's quite nice to put all my expenses on the contactless card . 
  it is now generally accepted to pay small amounts by card ( maybe not at some grubby newsagents or street food stalls , but no tesco or boots cashier will bat an eyelid and you can also expect restaurants to accept cards ) . 
  pl , cz , se and fi also seem quite card-friendly , with contactless particularly popular in central and eastern europe . 
  the situation is quite different in , say , germany . 
  some places do n't accept cards at all or you 'd be stung with very arbitrary surcharges or minimum purchases . 
  a waiter even had the cheek of asking me whether they can bill me $ 15 for a $ 12 meal , as i insisted on paying by card as advertised on the door and i was n't made aware of any minimum purchase policy before ordering !, 
  in the end i `` won '' and obviously left a bad review online . 
  it 's a rather reactive society where many people live by the principle of `` why bother , not too bad is good enough '' , quite a big difference to the uk . 
  the article is quite a nice read but misses the point . 
  poland also experienced hyperinflation in the 1980s . 
  still , the polish banking sector is now one of the most innovative in europe , with multi-currency accounts and all the bells and whistles that put british banks to shame . 
  and cards are really popular in poland today .
