your question concerns legal capacity . 
  as in germany , the age of majority in england is 18 . 
  under english law , only contracts for necessary goods and services bind a minor . 
  other contracts are voidable just like in germany . 
  a definition of `` necessary goods '' is found in the sale of goods act 1979 , s. 3 ( 2 ) : `` goods suitable to the condition in life of the minor or other person concerned and to his actual requirements at the time of the sale and delivery '' . 
  the same approach is taken to other contracts , such as contracts for education or contracts of service ( like an apprenticeship ) , if they can be considered on the whole beneficial to the minor . 
  unlike german law , english law considers the minor 's age and station in life when it comes to necessaries . 
  ( let 's not get into the mess that is conflict of laws . ), 
  so essentially minors may and do work . 
  but finding a job as a ( foreign ) minor wo n't be an easy task as employers need to stay on the safe side and you do need parental consent . 
  i 'm not a lawyer ( just one of many recent graduates looking for a training contract - but that 's another story for another day ) so this is not legal advice . 
  always double check with a qualified lawyer . 
  uk based , can hold balance in gbp , usd and eur , top up by debit card ( europeans may also use bacs or sepa transfer ) . 
  not true , first dates is thursday, 
  featuring restrooms , hairdresser , post office , newsagent , atms , and refreshments at tesco grill . 
  the self checkout did n't accept my british tesco clubcard . 
  now that 's a genuine problem !, 
  tesco szczecin did n't have wensleydale with cranberries though :(, 
  generally friendly , but does forget its manners occasionally - that would sum it up pretty well . 
  one can encounter some rude and nasty people in any large city and london is no exception . 
  still , i have definitely enjoyed my time working and attending events in london . 
  in a pinch , it seems londoners do show some community spirit and pull together . 
  it 's a great card , genuine chip and pin so will not cause you any signature receipt trouble at self checkouts in the uk . 
  only issue as it 's prepaid it may not be accepted at very few places that are still offline ( on a train maybe ) . 
  you can always file a dispute with the company that has disclosed the negative info to schufa and they will investigate . 
  score encompasses different factors , such as length and intensity of credit history as well as `` general data '' ( statistical data such as age , gender ) . 
  essentially the % rate depends on the reliability of the small statistical collective that you are considered to be part of based on the different factors . 
  germany has different beef cutting habits as opposed to the u.s. 
  you could try and ask for meat from the `` d\u00fcnnung '' but it seems that this is a cheaper cut popular for industrial use ( sausage making ) , and rarely found in retail : https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/teilst%c3%bccke_des_rindfleischs, 
  this is why i prefer modern sweet shops that do n't imitate old sweet shops . 
  got served by a pretty blue haired woman at cybercandy the other day . 
  the one in london 's covent garden also permanently shut its doors this weekend , sadly . 
  but it was around for a little longer !, 
  pay with fire account can be opened on your phone to receive gbp bacs payments and convert them into euro and transfer them into a euro account , even with an irish address . 
  also yes , opening basic accounts will be a statutory requirement for major banks starting 18 september according to eu law . 
  this is quite a common reaction in central and eastern europe where people rather stare than smile back , as a smiling person can only be a conman or somebody trying to sell stuff to others ... 
  tell her about rewards credit cards . 
  problem solved . 
  poland, 
  do they only accept cash or can i pay contactless ? 
  all for hoodzips , 
  that 's been the case 10 years ago for sure . 
  but cash handling is by no means free ( theft , counterfeit notes etc. ), 
  and even for small payments there are solutions like izettle with a pure ad valorem fee . 
  surcharging will be largely banned though if the eu 's revised payment services directive ( 2015/2366 ) enters into force . 
  unfortunately atoc has pulled out of the scic-nrt distribution so it is no longer possible to buy open singles or returns ( advance were never available ) from deutsche bahn ticket offices . 
  using a german card as a means of identification : maybe . 
  your card number is 672 + 5 digit bank identifier + 10 digit account number + luhn check digit ( maestro ) or 482 + 5 digit bank identifier + 10 digit account number + luhn check digit ( v pay ) . 
  using a german card to buy online : no . 
  girocard/maestro or girocard/v pay co-badged cards are useless for telesales or online shopping . 
  these german cards do have 19 digit ( internal ) card numbers but these will not be accepted for online shopping . 
  also , there 's no cvc2/cvv2 on the card . 
  indeed , most germans use direct debit for one-off e-commerce payments !, 
  but your friend really should consider getting another current account with visa debit or debit mastercard ( consorsbank , ing diba , ferratum bank , n26 are all worth a try ) . 
  average credit will be enough to get any of these account , even if you are a student or just started working . 
  all are contactless , customer defined pin and no fx fees with the latter two . 
  it is just much more convenient in the 21st century , payment-wise . 
  exactly this . 
  there is a flag on every deferred tod ( ticket on departure ) booking that can be no identification at all , any card , any rsp approved card ( payment card , that is ) , or a specific card . 
  you should now be able to open a basic bank account with proof of your eu/eea address at most banks , as the law has changed on 18 september 2016 . 
  regulation 18 ( 1 ) : `` a credit institution must not discriminate against consumers legally resident in the european union by reason of their nationality or place of residence or by reason of any other ground referred to in article 21 of the charter of fundamental rights of the european union when those consumers apply for or access a payment account '', 
  the larger banks that have been offering basic bank accounts for longer have now adapted their procedures and it is even possible to apply for a uk basic bank account from abroad . 
  but there are still hurdles ( some banks request notarised translations of documents into english , others want you to post your passport to them ) and it may be best to call in advance and get verified in branch . 
  your bank may have an agreement with the post office as mentioned by others . 
  check http://www.postoffice.co.uk/branch-banking-services on the `` withdraw and deposits '' tab for details . 
  i 've withdrawn cash over the counter at a different bank quite a few times , in germany though , when i wanted a particular denomination , with a credit ( ! ), 
  card . 
  not a brit but having lived in the uk and other eu countries for quite a while as well but now back in central europe , i do think blighty is great . 
  while the french may take the mickey out of british food , it 's not as bad as it may have been in the 1950s . 
  british international cuisine , even beyond the m25 , is massively diverse and ubiquitous . 
  excellent choice of foods , freshness and quality no longer a problem in shops ( the `` display until '' date for fruit and veg is a concept unknown to many countries ) , and official hygiene rating stickers endorsing every chippy throughout the country . 
  i like the british efficiency ( self check-outs at sainsbury 's , contactless payments everywhere , a maze queue in front of dozens of ticket machines at gatwick airport 's train station ) more than the german kind ( understaffed shops , long queues , sure saves staffing costs and seems efficient on a balance sheet ) . 
  it 's not as if other countries do n't have their own flavour of class society . 
  german citizens who have earned a phd can have `` dr '' put in front of their name on their passport . 
  both germany and poland are rather distrustful societies where people are n't always respectful of each other in everyday life . 
  brits may be `` dishonestly friendly '' ( a lady at the ticket counter telling me `` that 's 20 quid , sweetheart '' ) but it is an extra mile gone to make people feel comfortable , a kind of social lubricant . 
  better treatment of minorities i 'm not so sure anymore after #postrefracism but i do n't think i can tar all britons with the same brush . 
  i really dislike the german `` it ca n't be helped '' , `` get used to it '' , `` it 's always been like this '' attitude . 
  if a train company is mismanaged and commuters suffer from delays and cancellations for months , british people crowdfund judicial proceedings against the authority responsible for passenger rail ( btw , today is the last day of the #southernjustice fundraiser so be sure to donate if you can ) . 
  germans would grumble at the incompetence of the managers or the politicians and yet turn the other cheek , no lessons learned and continuing problems for years ( berlin s-bahn comes to my mind immediately ) . 
  there is some genuine community spirit left in the uk and i was pleasantly surprised . 
  sunday trading would be an example of german paleo-conservatism disguised as faux-community spirit . 
  someone once put it this way : continental europe is good for the body , uk better for soul and spirit . 
  judgemental attitude also exists in germany . 
  start discussing sunday trading , credit card acceptance , etc. 
  and you 'll be surprised by how conservative even some younger and well-travelled people are . 
  i think transport 's not that cheap for the average german salary earner as a policy of internal devaluation was strictly followed in the late schroder years . 
  ( but i shall not complain , it 's even worse in poland . 
  that 's why so many went to the uk a decade ago . 
  of course poland has improved massively especially since joining the eu , but for many people the economy is improving too slowly , and why struggle if they live now and not in the future . ), 
  it may well depend on the region in germany or the uk , i found the mancunians in the uk to be quite friendly , diverse and relaxed . 
  it 's not some posh southern town after all . 
  for ethnic minorities it can be tough in professional contexts in de , overt discrimination is very rare but some subtle discrimination is more noticeable than in the uk . 
  ( if you 're not one of the `` more desirable '' americans , brits , scandinavians or swiss but say , indian , chinese , russian or polish . ), 
  ironically i might have become too german by relishing the love for professionalism , order and rules that is stronger in today 's uk - whenever i land at gatwick and am welcomed by the `` this toilet may be cleaned by female and male employees '' signage . 
  it may also have to do with the specific industry or workplace , and with the fact that different standards are applied by the host societies to expats . 
  your neighbours , landlords , colleagues , bosses etc. 
  do n't expect you to work and live in the same way as a native citizen . 
  this can be a positive and a negative at the same time . 
  in general i 'd say poles and germans are more judgemental than britons ( think of debates on `` emergency contraception '' etc.
