  and malta the 6th !, 
  they do . 
  or did . 
  `` ben jenkins from south wales is 15 years old . 
  he has a lloyds tsb account and was delighted when the bank sent him a visa debit card without informing his parents . 
  what was his first purchase ? 
  a box of 200 cigarettes , bought over the net from a swiss-based company . 
  his second purchase was viagra , and his third a fake id card , also over the internet . '', 
  most textbooks and exam papers i 've kept , as well as a uni-branded stuffed toy . 
  and the transcripts of course . 
  not all lecture notes though , i was a miserable note keeper . 
  kids , pets , whatever , i 'm - erm - not really convinced that the office is the best place ? 
  just avoid flat roofed pubs , 
  but a 1 year railcard can be bought even by those over 25 if they are in full time education , so makes perfect sense !, 
  `` is it possible to open a uk bank account outside the uk ? '', 
  - it has been for quite a while , basic bank accounts ( with no overdraft whatsoever ) can be opened without an uk address and this has been the case for quite a while . 
  why not use nationwide instead , they offer a contactless card with their basic account too including apple / android pay . 
  proper queuing culture ( of course , english people are n't the rule-abiding and stiff populace they may have been once , but there are some residues of a `` fair play '' spirit as opposed to the `` cheat the system if you 're smart '' mindset ), 
  efficiency in everyday life ( self checkouts everywhere , contactless in public transport , tube and rail transport in london , i know it 's stressful to use but given the capacities it 's an amazing thing ), 
  the acceptance of diversity in everyday life ( sure , there are some problems , but uk is still 20 years ahead of much of central/eastern europe - whether it is ethnic minorities , lgbt or disabled people ), 
  the diversity in mass media ( guardian vs. telegraph/new statesman vs. spectator , the insistence of running pre-ge17 debates on the telly even if may chickens out , media designed to scrutinise and not protect the powerful ), 
  the generally liberal attitude of the judiciary ( acceptance of posthumous sperm use , giving a terminally age 14-year-old the right to be cryogenically frozen - generally speaking , an understanding of the state serving the people and not the other way around - probably due to the fact that uk judges usually are experienced lawyers , and thus usually wiser men than career judges in say france , poland or germany that start judging directly after finishing postgraduate studies and have f *** all life/work experience ), 
  pubs ( informal places , comfortable , with carpet , where you can gather as a group and move and shift , where background music is n't too loud ), 
  food ( even the mundane boots meal deal is a gem , but generally spoken today 's british international cuisine is very good , even in the regions ), 
  public level of trust ( maybe it 's because police is more present and there is more red tape and cctv etc , but people you meet seem more trusting at first and this makes life just a little bit less stressful ... in central/eastern europe you 'd often generally expect the other you just met to be an idiot and the onus is on them to prove otherwise ... and also professionals have more manners , if they heard an accent/saw you were not the average white british they might ask you `` what languages do you speak '' not `` oi you look turkish , right ? '' ), 
  even if uk may not be a liberal utopia , the society has enormous self-healing capabilities thanks to the diverse media . 
  i had sainsbury 's new forest ( uk ) strawberries last week and these were quite tasty . 
  if you want a proper travel guide , try kate fox ' `` passport to the pub '' . 
  it 's been published 20 years ago but still makes for an interesting read : http://www.sirc.org/publik/pub.html, 
  in short : just walk in . 
  you may want to pick any empty table ( some pubs have their tables numbered , which will help when ordering food , and in this case remember the number well ) . 
  pubs will usually not have table service . 
  therefore , move to the bar , speak to the people at the bar , ask them for the sunday roast . 
  this is where the table number could come into play . 
  some pubs are cash only but most , particularly the pubs run by chains like wetherspoons , do have card readers nowadays . 
  tipping is not common . 
  i 've had my offer to `` keep the change '' rejected only recently , in a central london pub , of all places ... 
  in place of tipping , there 's this `` and one for yourself '' practice if you buy a larger round ( ? ), 
  that i have n't really understood myself , but then again i 'm not born in the uk . 
  i do n't drink alcohol ( as i 'm on medication ) but soft drinks or energy drinks are no problem . 
  nobody 's going to be too judgmental , it 's the uk after all , where eccentricity once in a while is revered and celebrated , 
  think of the pub as an extended living room rather than a formal restaurant . 
  enjoy your time . 
  some nationwide atms also do fivers, 
  also if you withdraw cash , make sure to select `` continue without conversion '' / `` debit my card in gbp '' on the atm if it asks you whether you want to be debited in euros . 
  as that 's basically a scam where the atm provider would use an inflated exchange rate ( which is usually much worse than what your bank would charge you ) - example : http://i.imagebanana.com/img/1qyawndh/img_20170428_182703.jpg, 
  it also happens in some shops or hotels but very rarely . 
  just tell them upfront that you want to pay in british pounds . 
  nobody can say for sure - but as this predates the eu membership of both the uk and the roi , i would n't expect substantial change in the near future . 
  germany in my experience is pretty poor for currency exchange , spreads are massive and there 's little competition ( that 's the eurozone for you ) . 
  do n't do that much anymore as there are plenty of 0 % foreign transaction fee cards around . 
  but if i bought travel money i did it in uk or poland . 
  ( in poland any kantor will do , preferably inner city as opposed to rail station , as long as you ask beforehand how much you 'll get ... in uk i went to the smaller inner city ones like covent garden fx in london , as opposed to the large airport bureaux de change . ), 
  https://www.brexitovka.com perhaps ? 
  it 's usually a good idea to have two bank accounts , with a small emergency budget on one of those , and one or two credit cards as well . 
  usually i 'm almost cash free save for a tenner ( if the chippy/bus driver / ... does n't take card or has a minimum purchase ) . 
  strictly spoken most of them are operating on a franchise though , so ultimately in place of a public sector activity . 
  joining a political party can also be funny ( if that 's your thing ), 
  some banks will offer you a choice . 
  recently i got a dipocket prepaid account ( quite nice as it 's multi currency with low fees but a bit messy to use ) . 
  the first card was for `` firstname lastname '' ( i do n't have a middle name ) . 
  i went into settings in the app to change my name for future cards to `` mr f lastname '' and this name change was duly applied to the second card . 
  probably would also work with your first/middle name things - it 's a polish company and under continental law first and middle names are equally valid as first name . 
  try metro bank if you 're based in london , they can print a debit card right in branch and have been accommodating in the past , even to people transitioning ( with an option to choose `` mx '' instead of mr , mrs , miss or ms ) . 
  simple . 
  apply for a basic account with a bank in the republic of ireland . 
  all documentation is in english . 
  you will have a debit card with apple pay , android pay and all the bells and whistles . 
  the pricing is very reasonable ( usually free in the first year ) . 
  i opened one with kbc bank ireland . 
  you can even do that by post , no need to travel to a branch in the republic in most cases . 
  if you specifically need a maestro card ( travellers to germany , austria , the netherlands or belgium might find these more useful than a debit mastercard or visa debit card ) and would be happy to pay a small fee , look for `` bunq '' instead . 
  it 's a dutch mobile first bank and they do have english speaking customer support too . 
  bank account in germany is a pita to open from abroad ( even though not as bad as most uk accounts ) . 
  dkb also no longer welcome new customers that are neither living in the german-speaking countries nor are a citizen of those . 
  could you have a bank or credit card statement , issued by your old bank abroad , addressed and posted to the uk ? 
  it 's usually quite easy to do ( not many banks are as anal as to ask you for proof of your new address when you want to change the account 's address ) and can help you . 
  nationwide does offer a contactless card and apple pay with their flexbasic account . 
  the flexbasic card however enforces online authorisation for contactless payments , so the cardholder wo n't inadvertently go overdrawn . 
  but london underground ticket barriers will open slightly slower than with cards that allow offline authorisation ( and delayed submission of transactions ) . 
  there is indeed no hard rule , it 's just the product policy of major high street banks . 
  banks abroad ( such as kbc ireland - http://emv.maxontour.com/2017/03/25/kbc-ie-day-to-day-debit-mastercard-2017/ ) even offer debit cards with their basic bank accounts that allow offline contactless transactions to some extent . 
  some think of traditional british food as rather down-to-earth ( to the extent of being bland and boring ) . 
  but today 's british international food is excellent . 
  the british have always been very open to accept , adopt and refine foreign influences . 
  chicken tikka masala is now one of the most popular pub meals . 
  it 's the diversity that makes food in the uk so exciting , from the asian takeaway culture to the humble supermarket sandwich . 
  some `` fancier '' items in uk supermarkets are produced in , say , germany , but the average german wo n't see it in their lifetime , as the manufacturer does n't locally expect the same sophistication and taste that brits have . 
  ( an example is the danone oykos yogurt , well known in the uk , which only made its way to shelves in its actual country of manufacture with a few years ' delay . ), 
  also , food innovations like `` graze '' boxes ( presumably healthier subscription snack boxes ) would usually make their way to the rest of europe by way of the uk . 
  that is a very long shot , but it could be a pun on a german term : the `` chicken in the basket '' is the only man within a group of women . 
  over the last few days i always got about 0.70 gbp for every eur . 
  now i can buy 0.72 gbp with 1 eur . 
  ( this is in a real time trading app - not exchanging cash at an actual bank branch which would be much less favourable . ), 
  this seems quite a strange and massive hike to me as the ecb has lowered the interest rate once again just earlier today . 
  i would have expected the euro to lose even more of its value as investors would all buy other currencies with `` better '' interest rates such as pounds or u.s. dollars . 
  christmas is approaching fast , so i 'm visiting poland again and did my today 's grocery shop at tesco extra in szczecin . 
  using the self checkout was a smooth and familiar experience - `` please place the item in the bagging area '' and `` use pin pad to complete transaction '' - but no christmas theme whatsoever . 
  they had a few christmas themed sweets but no chocolate and cherry sandwich . 
  totally disappointed .
