  current accounts in the uk ( and to some extent current accounts in other eu countries such as germany ) are usually free of charge . 
  nowadays consumers expect this . 
  that leaves banks with only a few sources of income :, 
  - fees/interest for overdrafts . 
  they may be reluctant to provide overdraft to new arrivals without a local credit history . 
  - interchange fees for card payments . 
  the eu has slashed those to 0.3 % for credit cards and 0.2 % for debit cards . 
  in the us , the average credit card interchange rate is slightly above 1.5 % ( and this explains why us credit cards are so much more generous rewards-wise than european credit cards ) . 
  - interest for reinvestment . 
  but interest rates are extremely low in europe nowadays ( it 's even worse in the eurozone ) . 
  - cross-selling . 
  but if you are new in the country , they do n't really expect you to buy a house on the spot or something . 
  obviously you might hit upon the odd drunk idiot commenting on your heritage in a nasty way in a run-down pub , but that can happen anywhere in the world , and you definitely should n't be worried . 
  i really enjoyed life in the uk despite not being a native briton . 
  you might have to make some effort to blend in but really no sane person will take offence of your nationality . 
  it is extremely unlikely that you will encounter any overt racism/xenophobia in the uk . 
  there might be some subtle resentment but this is mostly directed towards other minority groups unfortunately viewed as `` undesirable '' , such as eastern europeans . 
  overall the uk is a better place to live in and a much much easier place to blend into than other countries elsewhere in the world where you 'd be constantly reminded of not being a local by all sorts people wanting to put you in your place . 
  ( whether you `` look '' rather european , asian or black : the uk today is a diverse and safe place for all ethnicities . ), 
  so just fly across the pond again . 
  try british and european life for yourself and see how enjoyable it can be !, 
  yes , a balance enquiry generates extra `` interchange '' revenue for the atm operator . 
  some prepaid cards will pass this on to you , the cardholder , so the enquiry may not always turn out to be free of charge . 
  similarly , some atms will offer to be billed in your home currency ( if you are withdrawing with a foreign card - an issue both for brits abroad and visitors to the uk ) . 
  this should always be declined ( `` continue without conversion '' , `` no fixed exchange rate '' etc. ), 
  as the atm operators ' rates are generally much less attractive than the card issuers ' rates . 
  it 's not very common in the uk . 
  but euronet atms in poland , for example , do display third party ads . 
  5p plastic bag charge . 
  lack of public litter bins in many areas . 
  it 's better than it was a few years ago though . 
  many people would start by renting a room in a shared flat ( unless they have some sort of employment lined up and the employer is willing to help them ) . 
  you can then immediately generate a proof of address by having a bank statement from your canadian bank posted to your new uk address , some bank should accept it . 
  also you may be able to register on the electoral roll and apply for a national insurance number . 
  i have eaten salmon sausages in poland ( kabanosy z \u0142ososia ) so these do exist ... 
  if you have the travel bug and are off to europe every few weeks , choose metro bank . 
  no fees for cash withdrawals or purchases within the eea . 
  has he tried to apply for a non-traditional , app-based prepaid card account like monese , monzo , loot or revolut ? 
  these would come with a sort code and account number so salary can be paid into through bacs . 
  monese also supports paying in cash through paypoint but has a hefty monthly maintenance fee . 
  he could also try opening a basic bank account abroad . 
  there 's obviously some exchange rate risk associated ( as a german basic bank account would be denominated in euro ) but would still be better than having no bank account at all , i assume . 
  consorsbank do an excellent basic account without maintenance fees , a visa debit card and free international cash withdrawals , but he 'd have to identify himself at a german post office . 
  do you already have an undergraduate degree ? 
  if yes , you can fulfil the academic requirements by studying a one year graduate diploma in law course ( a `` law conversion '' course ) . 
  it 's fairly competitive actually . 
  quite a few graduates fail to obtain a training contract and are stuck in poorly paid paralegal positions . 
  the past financial crisis and legal aid cuts have made the situation more difficult and i 'm not sure how brexit will influence the market . 
  the luckier ones are able to secure a training contract two years in advance as major law firms will recruit two years in advance and even sponsor tuition fees . 
  try to find some legal work experience as a start to show your commitment to the industry . 
  the uk has three jurisdictions ( england and wales count as one , scotland , northern ireland ) . 
  as the law of england and wales is the preferred choice of businesses worldwide i assume you 'd want to move to england ? 
  not necessarily , sometimes those gift cards allow access to foreign digital stores that you usually ca n't obtain without a local credit card . 
  it ca n't be that much more expensive than cash . 
  there 's a comparison site for everything nowadays ( like http://www.cardswitcher.co.uk/ ) and debit card acceptance will cost the merchant about 0.5 % . 
  credit is slightly more expensive at up to 1 % . 
  also if customers are ready to spend more on plastic , why should n't the publican accept cards ? 
  that was true in the past , but eu law - namely regulation ( eu ) 751/2015 - has set out maximum interchange rates ( which form part of the merchant fees ) of 0.3 % for consumer credit and 0.2 % of consumer debit , and the fixed fee models of the past no longer make much sense . 
  acquiring banks will certainly have moved to `` ad valorem '' pricing for debit card payments by now . 
  it depends on the place and the card . 
  but this certainly wo n't get any sympathy from me . 
  and a place that charges some fantasy fee for credit card payments ( 5 % , 10 % and more i 've heard of ) might be hiding revenue from the taxman & is likely breaking eu law ( article 19 of directive 2011/83/eu on consumer rights - i do n't have the uk statute at hand at the moment ) . 
  this is also why the formerly sky-high credit card surcharges in london taxis were recently abolished . 
  it 's possible that they have an old or uncompetitive acceptance contract . 
  the izettle and sumup pricing model for german merchants is basically 0.95 % for maestro payments and 2.75 % for mastercard or visa payments ( debit and credit ) . 
  obviously the uk is a much better developed country , maestro cards are gone . 
  so izettle uk has a sliding fee window depending on the volume , with a maximum fee of 2.75 % . 
  sumup uk applies 1.95 % to all card payments . 
  the 0.5 % / 1 % figure applies to consumer cards only . 
  business/commercial cards attract higher interchange ( which is the fee paid by the merchant 's acquiring bank to the customer 's issuing bank - this funds the rewards ) , and some places may not want to accept those cards . 
  that 's why cardswitcher and others are around , there is no one size fits all approach . 
  a train station caf\u00e9 has lots of smaller transactions , whereas a fashion store might want a different pricing model . 
  i like buttered soreen malt loaf slices with my boots meal deals . 
  one week was sufficient in my experience . 
  but then again as a central european , uk life seemed vaguely familiar to me . 
  apply for a provisional driving licence !, 
  or you could also apply for a citizencard or validate uk card , these are unofficial but recognised providers of proof of age cards . 
  the background is that rail fares - even the `` any permitted '' ones - are set by different institutions , usually train companies themselves or passenger transport executives , according to their own commercial considerations that quite vary . 
  the other ( not fare setting ) train companies operating services on the same route would be receiving a share of the revenue as allocated under atoc rules . 
  british rail fares , even the flexible ones , are not calculated on a kilometre basis ( with a surcharge for express/intercity services and a discount for longer distances ) , as it used to be common in say central and eastern europe until a few years ago . 
  for example , an anytime day single from gatwick airport to london terminals , not gatwick express , is # 15.70 ( with the fare set by southern ) . 
  if you travelled from gatwick airport to east croydon on an anytime day single , it is # 5.20 ( again fare set by southern ) , and the ticket from east croydon to london terminals is # 6.20 ( set by atoc-rsp/tfl ) . 
  it is different in , say , germany , where the concept of saving with split tickets exists but hardly ever comes to use , as the national operator is in charge of setting almost all fares and only a few strictly regional fares are set by the ptes . 
  i like the sainsburys hot food curries and the chili con carne once in a while . 
  you can find out the fare flow owner for any fare by looking up your ticket -  www.brfares.com, 
  maximum fares are a feature of certain national rail networks in central europe , such as germany ( where it is currently at $ 149 in standard and $ 249 in first for any single peak time journey within the country ) . 
  but the british railway does not have such a feature . 
  the aberdeen-penzance ticket at # 244.50 ( single , peak , standard class - fare set by virgin east coast ) would probably come close . 
  some banks have the bad habit of asking for two proofs of address from customers new to the uk ( metro bank does ) . 
  an introduction letter from the employer could be an option , an nhs registration letter , and some banks even accept foreign bank statements . 
  if you have a bank account abroad , ask them to post a bank statement to your uk address , this will generate a proof of address . 
  fair enough ... also try applying for a provisional driving licence if you do n't have a full driving licence : https://www.gov.uk/apply-first-provisional-driving-licence, 
  this is both proof of identity and address . 
  some bigger rental companies do accept cards themselves , but they may surcharge you if you are using a credit card as opposed to a debit card . 
  watch some `` 999 what 's your emergency '' or `` britain 's benefit tenants '' on channel 4 . 
  this should give you some inspiration . 
  non-prescription should be fine . 
  i always stock up on medication at airside boots pharmacies when leaving the uk and they have all the usual otc stuff . 
  i would n't be so sure : https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/dec/15/neo-nazi-murders-revealing-germanys-darkest-secrets, 
  that one should do : http://www.thepurleygirly.com/single-post/2016/2/8/pancake-day-%e2%80%93-mummy-purley%e2%80%99s-pancake-recipe,
