  unlikely as those services operate on a peer-to-peer basis with domestic transfers . 
  gbp accounts are not `` native '' to hong kong so the money would have to be transmitted through the expensive swift as opposed to domestic bacs or faster payments in the uk . 
  it 's not a uniquely british thing . 
  it is also common for german landlords to ask for guarantors particularly from prospective tenants without much of a credit history ( even though the guarantee may not be enforceable ) . 
  there may also be old census data available, 
  plastic bags are no longer free . 
  also , you can text 61016 to contact the british transport police if you 're in an unpleasant/dangerous situation on a train or railway premises . 
  yes , with the exception of northern ireland . 
  british transport police has jurisdiction on london underground and national rail services ( in england , wales and scotland ) . 
  i do n't live in canada but i do really miss england , the lifestyle and values - it 's got the right blend of tolerance , common sense , flexibility and law and order , all at the same time . 
  blighty does have its fair share of problems but it 's doing quite well compared to other parts of the world or even europe , which to some extent explains why so many foreigners come to the uk - they want to be part of it . 
  what might work for you might not work for others , it really depends on your own priorities in life . 
  and to be honest i do n't think i fit in anywhere but i 've found english people more accommodating and tolerant . 
  i live in germany ( again , this is where i also grew up ) - certainly nicer on the surface . 
  the high standard of houses and high streets is quickly noticed by most visitors . 
  but most people lead very similar lifestyles , there is n't as much choice ( lifestyle/career wise as well goods and services ) , and everything is pretty inefficient , whether political decision making , making purchases in supermarkets or trains ( again - nice and new fleets , sure - but the service frequency is abysmal so many journeys are quite cumbersome ) . 
  can be difficult to open an account without proof of uk or eu address so it might take a while . 
  do familiarise yourself with transfer services like xendpay or transferwise as these will usually be cheaper than traditional bank transfers . 
  in fact i would recommend getting a basic account from nationwide ( for domestic use ; particularly if you do n't have uk credit history , banks may only offer you a basic account ... or if you live in london , try metro bank ) and a travel money card to spend in other currencies ( i like revolut best but there are some others around , like weswap or the travelex supercard ) . 
  generally speaking , having lived abroad for a while strengthens one 's life skills . 
  it teaches one to be humble and more open to newcomers . 
  but let 's be more specific about the uk . 
  much has been written about what is bad about life in the uk , whether chavs , housing or the underfunded nhs , so i do n't need to expand on the negatives ... 
  work : many career paths are unavailable in other countries . 
  for example , a career change into law is tough in several continental european countries . 
  in poland and germany , career changers also have to study four or five years for a masters level law degree . 
  upon graduation , you will need to spend two or three further years as a trainee lawyer until you are a qualified attorney . 
  to become a solicitor in england is a matter of just two years of top-up study , ideally sponsored by your future employer , and two years of vocational training ( quite difficult to get but that 's another story for another day ) . 
  society : it seems more meritocratic at least until upper middle class  many uk employers are fairly open to career changers , even from abroad . 
  generally brits have embraced diversity and seem slightly more friendly and trusting . 
  a foreign name or accent is n't necessarily a deal breaker ( and a british citizen can change their name as they wish , translation etc. 
  - no biggie ) . 
  whereas if you were somehow obviously foreign and in contact with a prospective employer/landlord / ... in the german regions , many would immediately assume `` poor eastern european bum , does he even have the right to work here '' and treat you accordingly . 
  immigrants would move to the uk if they want to stand a chance in hell of making use of their qualifications , instead of being railroaded into a taxi driving , fruit-picking or cleaning `` career '' . 
  i understand that the famous british tolerance has slightly deteriorated but i still think it 's there . 
  ( i just went to the visitbritain booths at itb in berlin the other day and i saw uk reps with lithuanian , italian etc. 
  last names who were probably first generation british citizens - in addition to people with traditional english names of course . 
  not a bad thing really , hardly any other place was represented in their true diversity like this , not even the german constituent state of berlin . ), 
  to some extent even descendants of immigrants remain exotic animals in france , germany etc. , where it still is n't very common to see blacks or asians in professional contexts save for the token political representative . 
  living in normalcy and passing on normalcy to your kids seems easier in the uk , and that is a legitimate consideration for immigrants thinking in generations !, 
  lifestyle : the new british international cuisine is excellent . 
  brits are quite open to innovation so the uk is graced with a wide variety of goods and services ( britain was among the first countries to get apple pay ) and a wide range of qualities ( uk supermarkets stock fancy dairy products made in germany that are withheld from the german consumers - similarly , shops in poland receive different / lower quality branded products than western european retailers do ) . 
  culture is great . 
  i like the mild weather in the south of england , actually . 
  weather in poland and germany is hotter in the summer and colder in the winter , more extreme and unpleasant . 
  transport wise , yes , `` gridlock britain '' . 
  but people are trying their best , the standard of information and technology in general is very high and investment is really a thing . 
  i used to live in london for a while which ( granted ) is n't representative for the uk as a whole . 
  but i 'd certainly consider living in the uk if i were able to find a professional job that matches my current one in de . 
  i understand that visiting and living in another country are different and that first impressions can be very deceiving - `` ohhh how quiet , almost all shops closed '' in bavaria or austria on weekday evenings or sundays is n't as nice actually if you give a serious thought about it ( a sign of intolerant , holier-than-thou and housewife marriage mentality that still lingers on - if you dare to open that can of worms , talking to your newly-made local friends , be prepared for a lecture on the evils of capitalism and convenience-loving consumers , whereas many brits would ( if not just agree with you out of superficial politeness ) just agree that this can be viewed from different positions ) . 
  blighty does have its problems but this austerity - and immigration-strained country has coped quite well actually . 
  many a mid-aged pole has spent one or two years in the uk ( midlands were a favourite ) to learn `` proper english '' - which was n't easy to do in post-transition poland - and earn money when the exchange rate was more favourable . 
  it was a rite of passage for quite a few in the mid-noughties . 
  but those have mostly left and started professional careers in poland . 
  must be an intentional favour to us bloody foreigners flying into britain , mispronouncing the place names . 
  on a side note - odd one out : bicester , worcester , leicester , cirencester, 
  dobson/stokes , commercial law , uses `` check trading '' . 
  zinc tablets , tyrozets and a decongestant ( the real sudafeds ) can help . 
  a 9000 mah one has been with me , departing several times from man , lhr , lgw and even stn over the last year . 
  no problems at all !, 
  it was in my jacket even . 
  `` it would n't be internationally recognised since no country wants to set a precedent . '', 
  i would n't be so sure , some major countries have always been quick to recognise newly formed renegade states when those fitted into their agenda . 
  think of the irrational hatred and contempt for the british that german politicians frequently show ( even though they 're unable to sort their own things , they ca n't help but meddle in the dirty laundry of others ) . 
  just for the record - i live in germany . 
  germany was among the first countries to recognise kosovo a decade ago as well as croatia in the early 1990s . 
  i understand that there has been a desire to show the russians the finger , but this has also faced criticism from quite a few of its european allies . 
  london is unique , it is one of the few world cities . 
  but have you been to edinburgh , birmingham or manchester ? 
  these are generally recognised as the uk 's second cities ... 
  this would drive down the potential use of cards , and ultimately eat into the acquirer 's revenues . 
  surcharging customers with consumer cards will be banned by 13 january 2018 anyway when the eu 's second payment services directive comes into force . 
  how much relevant work experience do you have ? 
  i assume you 're a qualified spanish lawyer . 
  if you 've done banking or arbitration , much of your knowledge will be transferable . 
  in other areas ( think criminal or administrative law ) , less so . 
  have you spoken to any recruiters ? 
  so have you been doing generic in-house counsel work ? 
  the preferred path is usually securing an internal promotion to a uk office while working at an international law firm . 
  you would be able to requalify as an english solicitor through the qualified lawyers transfer scheme ( qlts ) . 
  a word of warning though , many recruiters do not understand or value this qualification . 
  most training/qualification paths in the uk are also quite expensive if you choose to pursue them on their own ( as opposed to having your employer cover the cost ) . 
  it really depends on what floats one 's boat . 
  for example poland has lower costs of living and lots of unspoiled nature but also lower salaries , less diversity and is less tolerant towards ethnic minorities or gays . 
  also , the mentality is clearly not everyone 's cup of tea . 
  and there are also plenty of other spanish companies with activities in the uk . 
  two large banks that have uk subsidiaries are bbva and sabadell ( tsb bank uk ) . 
  all the best of luck , i understand that you are going through a `` nothing to lose '' moment . 
  great things can come to you with the right bit of luck as well as endurance and determination . 
  what about offering public transport vouchers ( bus , ferry ... ) if that 's a thing in your area ? 
  intercity hotels in central europe do this . 
  i understand that there is a desire among some politicians to pull out of the echr and deal with human rights solely by national legislation , through a `` british bill of rights '' . 
  and i also understand the reasoning as very formalistic decisions on voting eligibility for prisoners or the non-deportability of criminal immigrants are clashing with the common sense and fair play spirit that is ( or rather used to be ) common in british politics . 
  but personally i do n't think the death penalty will return post brexit , it would meet considerable resistance both domestically and internationally . 
  you could try cukiernia sowa in ealing , http://m.cukierniasowa.pl/pl/cukiernia/londyn/33highstreet/, 
  if i am not mistaken they at least do have makowiec . 
  not a brit but i assume the financial crisis has made ireland less attractive for quite a few years . 
  i lived in the uk for quite a while and still visit britain quite frequently ( six times a year is not unusual ) , both for business and for meeting friends . 
  this subreddit is keeping me updated with the latest on everyday life , and a bit of nostalgia thrown in !, 
  absolutely .
