  court . ), 
  as you listed there are other services you can use the only thing stopping you is well you . 
  if you are as concerned about googles metadata collection as im lead to believe then dont use it simple . 
  in fact last i heard somewhere that firefox was voted to be better then chrome last year . 
  google owns a lot of market share , but thats because it has many products from chrome to google drives and google glasses . 
  there are plenty of competitors in internet clients tho , hell protableapps.com has like 3 internet browsers there alone ( not counting chrome and firefox ) . 
  ( germany ) `` better give the nsa wut there asking for . '', 
  ( after snowden ) `` this is an outrage ! '', 
  `` can i join ur supa not so secret spy club ? 
  d : '' `` well im gon na make my own internet , with blackjack and hookers . '', 
  `` well im just gon na spy on you . '', 
  firefox and vpn 's , google is not a monopoly you dont have to use it its just the best search engine unless ur a disgusting bing/yahoo fan  _ , 
  even if a separate internet network is established , wont change anything as your governments gave the nsa the information . 
  norway why sudden change in color scheme ? 
  that line yes bit of a joke , if you want honest truth the french revolution did more in terms of rights then the american did , we needed a civil war and civil rights movement before we got to where we are . 
  however i ran upon this interesting bit [ i.d. 
  cards ] ( http://nypost.com/2014/02/12/nyc-can-expect-rush-on-new-municipal-id-cards/ ) puts faith back in my country once again , apparently france is also considering it at least one member running . 
  sir we are not rapidly expanding , we have not annexed other parts of the world since the philippians i think and after that mess we gave up on imperialism . 
  : l we prefer bases compared to annexed countries ( as in we are there permanently , forever ) . 
  never said they were american ? 
  im stating that today 's idea of modern internet would n't have happened without the backing of the usa military involvement . 
  everything practically starts in military or space research until it hits consumer market . 
  second while cern was the start of the www the www would kinda be useless with the internet ( networks ) to access them , you can work without html you cant work without networks . 
  it also depends on when u consider the internet to be the internet . 
  do u consider text based applications to be the birth of the internet ? 
  or the invention of gui and pictures which allowed the internet and the www popularity to skyrocket and not be detained to science and educational use to become consumer friendly . 
  im interested in your answer on that subject . 
  this http://www.amazon.com/web-development-design-foundations-html5/dp/0132783398/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1392338434&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=web+development+%26+design+foundations+with+html5 tho it is brief it was where i started . 
  why are we not doing this for all states/cities ? 
  a 381-2 vote holy fuck its an end to the stagnation for now ... 
  your suggestion then europhile ? 
  give me reasons why you should change when the current system has worked so far ? 
  so u bring nothing to the table ? 
  no internet logistics no international organizations no support structure for the internet and yet you want it done your way ? 
  sorry but no , the internet was invented by the defense advance projects agency , part of the us department of defense . 
  therefore , including the www which runs on it , you are using a service whose development was paid for , and is the intellectual property of , the us government . 
  get estonia in to help and maybe we would take you seriously . 
  meh lift the embargo the cold wars over, 
  damn wilson for ending our isolationism , damn him . 
  nope in the u.s. if ur a public / famous figure your putting urself out there . 
  dont want people to see it , dont do it then !, 
  the `` they '' is a metaphor as in mocking you saying , oh go to a battlefield and tell them not to kill or fight because its immoral see what happens . 
  as to when i said war in the last post , the united states and soviet russia were fully prepared to go to war , thus a state of theoretical war existed ( we have plans to invade the uk , does n't mean we are going to ) . 
  it was a dick measuring contest that could have ended the world should nukes be involved , so both sides kinda took it seriously . 
  there 's no morality in war kid , its whoever is willing to do the most damage however they can . 
  morality itself is against the very idea and definition of war . 
  once there is a war morality is thrown out the window , or the peolpe who have it are used as field medics which ever comes first in the list . 
  tell you what next time there 's war , lets hope the u.s. stays out of it . 
  then you can be as `` moral '' in your war as much as you want , you know right before they shoot you and violate your pure idea of morality . 
  two words monroe doctrine . 
  the cold war was in fact a game , as no real war happened only proxy wars which the soviets won except for korea ( draw ) . 
  the name of the game was unrestricted espionage to get back at them for the proxy wars . 
  in terms of lives the chinese revolution cost more lives then every south american coup combined not to mention the culture revolution which happened after . 
  the iraq coup was about oil for u.s. however it happened when your spies ( diplomats ) were thrown out of the country , no one is justifying the coups but u clearly seem to have no knowledge on our policy of containment at the time . 
  second do you really think we were pulling these of by ourselves we had majority nato support . 
  britain for example were one of the best informational assets during the cold war , getting a kgb insider that stole hundreds of documents and let reagan know to turn down the `` empire of evil '' rhetoric . 
  hey canadian is that englishman upset with us for not imposing enough freedom lol . 
  wat a twist never in my life did i think i would hear about a formal colonial empire complaining about the rights of other citizens . 
  i love when europe has double standards . 
  then you 'd sir are blind , when u play a game of chess that is the geopolitical world at the time of the cold war , do you ignore all your opposition 's moves ? 
  no catapult in the game ? 
  america at the time was willing to make anyone in charge of a government as long as it was n't communist , this is no secret . 
  where you type about south america and iraq i say : 1948 czechoslovak , 1962 burmese , 1924 estonian , 1911 chinese revolution , 1978 afghanistan , grenada 1979 , and of course the failed coup d'etat of yugoslavia . 
  also britian supported most of our coups , your country even plotted the iraq coup . 
  yes but the world easily forgets that the countries we tried to overthrow went through a coup to get those leftist in power to begin with . 
  not saying what we did was right but the world forgets that both sides were into the coup d'\u00e9tat business and we had to catch up as the ussr started as soon as wwii ended ( the middle of it if u want to be technical with the naughty document ) . 
  only problem with this is wikipedia is not allowed to be used as a source , other then that yes this is correct . 
  tho we intervened back then due to our fear of communism . 
  that isnt the case anymore as some of our largest trading partners are communist , were are not as scared of them as we used to be . 
  pfft id buy it xd, 
  we take these weapons very seriously , remember how many shoes our presidents had to dodge . 
  they threw eggs at it . 
  rly not a good idea ukraine : l, 
  you can not compare a protest with a revolution , in ukraine its a little more serious then people bitching about being the 1 % ( because they are the jobless hippies btw ) :3, 
  lol took you long enough , we 've been trying to get u guys to build an army for ages . 
  btw greece we 'd like that land lease / marshall plan money back . 
  -_- damn my country for being a superpower , why cant we just be isolationist again ... ... 
  very impressive resolve for a country smaller then russia . 
  ur right personally every country we go to war with should n't have their government rebuilt , we should just leave it in ruins . 
  that way the population can just keep killing each other over power . 
  as an added bonus this way when other countries talk shit ... ( if they are still alive because we get crazy and bored , enough to nuke someone . ), 
  at least we will deserve it . 
  :3 as a side note , the sun never sets because god would never trust an englishman in the dark . 
  i see what your saying but at the same time i ca n't help but wonder , what the rest of the world was saying about the american experiment that was the formation of the united states 238 years ago ? 
  - how different would you consider the two entities in this regard ? 
  also i would like to ask if you consider the usa experiment of government successful , if it has influenced europe to this degree ? 
  - do you also seeing a conflict with itself in the future like the american civil war just over different policies ? 
  sir how are americans `` lazy '' for not wanting to learn european languages ? 
  we have central/south america ( spanish ) and canada to the north ( french ) . 
  do u see the linguistical mindfuck of languages in a blinder sprinkled with glass on the lid that is europe ? 
  as i dont speak french id be the guy smiling and giving two thumbs up acting like i know what they are talking about . 
  french revolution didnt turn out any better why so shocked ? 
  damn thats dashing !, 
  wouldnt mind if america had to sit in the passenger seat , we could spend all that money fixing our infrastructure , rebalancing the budget etc. 
  `` in our shoes '' basically if your country was a world power , assuming your not living in the u.s. your country would be doing the exact same thing if not worst . 
  as an american yes every morning , right after my cup of coffee i wake up and point at a random place on the map and tell my president to invade them ( we even have petitions on the white house website informing the prez which country we should destroy next ) . 
  for the record sanctions are counted as bills in the u.s. here is the process of creating a bill and is why this will most likely not happen . 
  most bills die in the house and are simply forgotten . 
  where in my posts have i said that i supported my current government ? 
  i ' v just pointed out examples in the past , present etc.
