  - totaled it , good luck car thieves . 
  etc etc you get the point . 
  hmmm roman empire or warhammer imperium of man ? 
  which direction will we go ... . 
  does n't this only work until its added to a anti virus database ? 
  assuming they do n't encrypt it to bypass the scan ? 
  fud time and all ... . 
  [ good luck ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hwup6dmyoe0 ), 
   us bombs all our infrastructure     billions in damages     500 confirmed civilian casualties , between 1200-5700 speculated    ** over a war we started , and after ignoring warnings from the international community that we would be bombed . 
  **   gee i wonder why anybody in serbia would hate the us ftfy, 
  agreed do n't care what germans have to say anymore in terms of military . 
  they 've lost the right through the negligence of their eastern neighbors . 
  they would take everything we 've built since the cold war , and trade it all in an instant . 
  quick lock down the virologists , they cant get insomnia and paralysis if they are already locked up !, 
  i mean you say that but then i look at the soviet union who produced the most tanks in the war . 
  also for mass production they were very good compared to the sherman . 
  very entertaining , part of teaching is making it interesting . 
  my college class is just a 3 hr power point presentation . 
  he wonders why people fall asleep in his class ... 
   now his parents are planning to bail out and leave us , the taxpayers , to foot the bill , i suppose . 
  and i am to feel sorry for him ? 
  in a way yes . 
  in the u.s. the pure pressure to go to college is real . 
  its almost as bad as the smoking ads back in the day . 
  you see tv commercials , you hear from it constantly from your parents it all adds up eventually . 
  everyone wants a better life , however college from the low and middle class standpoint seems like its the only way . 
  though it also is largely the individuals fault , a lot of people simply take useless degrees . 
  another problem is they are also somewhat like currency , the more that exist the more it devalues them in the job market . 
  for example it seems like everyone and their mom have a business degree . 
  a local college however i ended up switching majors , which in the end added more debt . 
  had i stayed with my original major the debt would be about 15k at the most . 
  for me its not about the debt but the attitude of education in general . 
  to clarify i have 21k debt and am making small payments every month . 
  it will take 37 yrs to pay it off if i do n't change the payment amount ; or make singular payments every now and then on the side . 
  with all this aside as a student i feel the college or the professors do n't care about me as an individual . 
  this feeling evolved during my second year , when i was ridiculed in a classroom for illegality downloading a what would have been 500 $ textbook . 
  my professor not only called me out in front of the room , but made public statements that it could not be used on tests or a quiz . 
  shortly after i found out why , he was getting some of the money for each book sold in the college 's book store . 
  education is not about bettering people , in the u.s. it 's a business ( shocking ik / s ) . 
  worst part is this kind of thing is even happening in lower levels . 
  i 've heard of principles and teachers writing books , then making students buy them for their class . 
  tldr : school is starting to not be about education , its turning into a protection racket for trademarked textbooks . 
  fuck the system . 
  please explain your back story a bit , and why you feel that way ? 
   american science is far ahead of europe 's . 
  something i thought i 'd never hear ? 
  the iron bank will soon fund their removal . 
  im fucking down , which hood you wan na mob deep ? 
  still better then windows 10, 
  why not just set some terms that both of you have to agree to join ? 
   european kings did n't want an armed and highly skilled peasantry . 
  that 's why the europeans went with the crossbow . 
  would n't a crossbow be easier for peasants tho ? 
  im pretty sure a longbow needs more drawback and cant pierce armor as easily due to not being a bolt ? 
  also last i looked the pope outlawed crossbows not longbows . 
  tho outlawed might be the wrong term ... discouraged their use ? 
   no they do n't they are literally breaking laws to get to the us false most dont enter illegally , they come on student and work visas and end up overstaying . 
  first off ur so full of it if you actually believe this , the republicans do n't want the illegals to stop . 
  their solution is building a wall ; do you know how long it takes to get around , over , under , one ? 
  hint a lot less time then it took building the actual wall . 
  the republicans know this and yet still want to waste your tax dollars on inefficient ideas like this . 
  not to mention they do nothing but profit off the illegals . 
  the illegals deserve to be americans . 
  they pay for things , they work and pay taxes while receiving little to nothing in return from the government . 
  they teach their children english , they integrate so well they 're becoming the largest minority and ancestry group . 
  then at the end of the day they have to deal with assholes like you and that oompa loompa named trump . 
  meh whatever trade eventually heals all wounds . 
  it opens cracks which eventually leads to open doors . 
  the moon seems reasonable but mars however ... mars is about 1\u00a01/2 astronomical units . 
  you would need a generation colony ship or a orbital habitat that moves even slower . 
  this is all assuming people on board are not assholes , and try to kill each other when bored as well . 
  lets just play starship troopers everywhere then have a rock fall on argentina . 
  bugs did it !, 
  screw our military budget , nasa 's where its at . 
  space is the final battlefield anyway . 
  at least thats how we can market it to republicans . 
  it didnt start with germany tho , it started when the uk could n't feed greece . 
  shortly after that the us took over that responsibility and thought about it on a grand scale thus the marshal plan was born . 
  yes but crimea clearly indirectly lead to some deaths . 
  it bolstered the rebel cause , to think russia might come save them to if they held out longer . 
  thus the ceasefires didnt hold because russia would save us . 
  should send in [ vader . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2xozybq594e ), 
  china also lies and manipulates it economy almost on a daily basis . 
  they throw money into worthless projects . 
  have to deal with such a huge level of corruption it could destroy their ability to wage war ; and all it takes is a small civil war in china and millions of people die , like they have continually throughout history . 
  in terms of economic power china and the us are mutual parasites to each other if one dies , it takes the other with it . 
  the us however would have the higher chance to survive this as the only advantage china rly has is cheap manufacturing . 
  all we would have to do is move to another cheap labor country and we 're fine . 
  unless china offers less and its living standards fall even more for its people . 
  at which point the small internal conflict might start which breaks out into something bigger . 
  [ their stock market ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tpmmojrkxeg ) is also in some trouble now , and their solution is ridiculous . 
   russia wont even respond militarily to turkey shooting down a jet instead they go to sanctions russia during the cold war shot down some us planes too . 
  we did n't drag nato into it . 
  just negotiated if the pilots were captured . 
  false they are still paying debt from , the south sea company . 
  last i looked they started making payment in 2015 , however at the time no one knew how much debt england had . 
  three words , rods from god . 
  na the thing looks like it could n't even turn around in a hallway . 
  looks way to big .
