  another problem i 've been told is family members passing down firearms down the family tree . 
  thus getting lost in records that take time to update . 
  tl : dr | simply the bureaucracy cant keep up , and they often fall to the wayside to questionable people with questionable intentions . 
  [ 5 signs china 's economy is weaker than you think ] ( https://youtu.be/grpaz5qhslu?t=1m14s ), 
   `` instead send your soldiers , the ones we humiliated in iraq . 
  we will humiliate them everywhere , god willing , and we will raise the flag of allah in the white house . '', 
  well for all their rhetoric they sure have n't hit a military base yet . 
  if they 're looking for `` paradise '' they are going about it all wrong . 
   do n't be cowards and attack us with drones . 
  but . . but drones are so much more cost effective ... d : or you know throw money at iran and other shia 's along with kurds . 
  i 'm sure they would like a couple million like egypt , or any other country we just throw money at . 
  one legend not sure if its true tho . 
  once in us history an episode of islamic terrorism was very quickly stopped . 
  it happened in the philippines about 1911 , when gen. john j. pershing was in command of the garrison . 
  there had been numerous islamic terrorist attacks , so `` black jack '' told his boys to catch the perps and teach them a lesson . 
  forced to dig their own graves , the terrorists were all tied to posts , execution style . 
  the us soldiers then brought in pigs and slaughtered them , rubbing their bullets in the blood and fat . 
  thus , the terrorists were terrorized ; they saw that they would be contaminated with hogs ' blood . 
  this would mean that they could not enter heaven , even if they died as terrorist martyrs . 
  all but one was shot , their bodies dumped into the grave , and the hog guts dumped atop the bodies . 
  the lone survivor was allowed to escape back to the terrorist camp and tell his brethren what happened to the others . 
  this brought a stop to terrorism in the philippines for the next 50 years . 
  pointing a gun into the face of islamic terrorists wo n't make them flinch . 
  they welcome the chance to die for allah . 
  like gen. pershing , we must show them that they wo n't get to muslim heaven ( which they believe has an endless supply of virgins ) but instead will die with the hated pigs of the devil . 
  we will dump sand there then nuke it , happy ? 
  just have a national joint army that everyone puts troops into , say 60 % of everyone 's army etc. 
  that is controlled by the commission . 
  then everyone sets up their own reserve forces which act as national guard , which can get pulled into the joint force should heavy losses endure . 
  meanwhile the national guard of say france , uk , spain , and portugal , can be used personally without the commission 's permission to defend oversea territories . 
  there hardest thing about this , would be countries not wanting to give up their weapon programs/industries . 
  as for the whole `` several countries to disregard their neutral stances '' in my opinion they gave up on that the moment they joined the union . 
  the union defends you in time of war , and so your country must defend it should war ensue . 
  to say your neutral when your economic union , aka your main economic and strategic assets are at war is ridiculous . 
  the us claimed that during wwii , it does n't matter you will eventually be dragged in one way or another . 
   should the us ever change their policies , we can talk about organizing something on our own . 
  our policies should n't have to change , it benefits you not us . 
  the budget eventually , will not keep up with the growing problems here . 
  so why not prepare before hand ; and not until right after we collapse inward . 
  as the official lead of the eu , i would consider it irresponsible not to have an army to defend your economic union . 
  at the very least get a real army , not just a show force to flash the military tech your trying to sell . 
  edit : unprotected sea lanes might be cool tho , maybe a new age of piracy ? 
  [ much better video with shotguns ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b2aj9uij5oc ) [ vice did a video on carp ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ynzp1jtohr0 ), 
   thanks obama ftfy, 
  you know america 's competitive when even its wildlife tries to outperform yours . 
  no unlike american crab and lobsters . 
  at least you can eat those . 
  i think its to the point were people ride around , and shoot them with guns when they jump out . 
  i also believe we have electric fences , to stop them flowing into other rivers . 
  edit : apparently you can eat this carp , the myth is its a bottom feeder ( like american carp which does n't taste good . ), 
  its really a filter feeder . 
  all ak 's are good due to the original weapon system . 
  however most collectors want the real deal . 
  i say shitty chinese ak 's in this context because they used whats dubbed `` sheet metal '' for the receiver . 
  like how all japanese katana swords are mostly `` sheet metal '' and would break when you actually hit something . 
  if you want to bury an ak in the mud and leave it for 50yrs ; like the ones they find in vietnam you better be burying a russian 47 . tl : dr - chinese makes theirs lighter and easier to mass produce . 
  it works for them , but i 'd personally would rather take durability over those two factors . 
  we will get there eventually but no hillery is winning . 
  once again only going half way in social policies ... 
  are these shitty chinese akm 's or actual ak-47 's with wooden stock and steel receiver ? 
  yea no the natives were killed by [ disease ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeyh5wacqek ) way more then our ancestors ever could . 
  what we are guilty of , is the relocation and theft of their land . 
  the difference is intent here , we did n't purposely go out to kill most of them . 
  we just wanted the resources . 
  as a side note if it only took one million for your country to fall apart it was n't very stable anyway . 
  one million is nothing compared to what some political parties get nowadays . 
  the us throws millions around like its nothing . 
   do n't forget that the us `` system '' beat the soviet and freed your people . 
  yea no . 
  the us system which you mean capitalism , did n't destroy the soviet union . 
  unequal wealth distribution did . 
  glasnost and perestroika opened censorship a bit , and peoples behind the curtain saw how rich the 1st world was compared to the 2nd . 
  then people do what comes naturally , they protested and rebelled the rampant corruption and unequal opportunities which the 2nd world provided . 
  the west did n't save any of the eastern european countries . 
  they saved themselves . 
  [ here is someone who can explain it better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y9hjvhzfcui ), 
  hmm and here i am just wanting the us to leave nato . 
  1st world problems . 
  [ america the history of us ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yryf2axy3c0 ) its from the history channel but it gives you the gist of it . 
  tho long story short the north had every advantage except generals in the beginning . 
  for example the south never took control of their railroads or telegraph lines , while lincoln had direct access to both . 
  the truly sad thing was even after having european advisers here watching , wwi still happened . 
  language i would also consider a problem , but its difficult to say what the default should be and you 'll always have those who resist it . 
  understandable of course tho as a us citizen there are only two languages we have to deal with . 
  spanish and english , canadian french is such a small minority i do n't even consider it . 
  i will never encounter it unless i go to canada . 
   if not then how come usa which is about the same size as europe manage to have one currency ? 
  we did n't at the beginning during the articles of confederation . 
  it took further federalization and finally a civil war ( debated today to be somewhere between 600k-800k lives lost , more then any other war we 've been in cough cough . 
  ) ; for everyone to put the nation above their state . 
  for example before the civil war i would say i 'm an ohioan instead of an american . 
  not only this but our infrastructure and social security is failing . 
  our military budget ca n't be supported with this outrageous amount . 
  however i fear it will take bridges collapsing or nuclear power plants going meltdown , before it goes through . 
  somethings going to have to give and either way blood might be spilled for it . 
  it 's going to make other disasters we 've had look small in comparison . 
  then there 's my state , spending millions on a street car that goes like 4 blocks ffs . 
  yea but it also takes time for the street view to update . 
  the last photo of my house is two years old . 
  the photo still shows my old car in the driveway .
