how dare we despise their ~ ~ occupation ~ ~ vacation !, 
  communism equals line simulator ? 
  in flanders field where poppies grow, 
  freedom of speech in u.s. terms means the government cant punish you for what you say , however third parties can . 
  this has happened with radio dj 's and other employees who hav been fired and claim such . 
  cant blame them , wish we would . 
  agreed more options is never a bad thing so long as you understand consequences and advantages of your actions : l, 
  because it would give n.a. 
  and the e.u. 
  more of a reason to invest in them . 
  then there 's the bonus of tying europe and americas fate together even more which is good pr . 
  then earth itself becomes an alliance and we 'll attack mars and so on : o, 
  personally i think every harassment/spy bug caught we should add something to the sanction list . 
  why not both surely different age groups would like one or the other ? 
  the u.s. obviously has pictures of putin from last years christmas party . 
  someone give that guy some citizenship so he can gtfo  _ , 
  if they start dropping run towards the blast , better to die painlessly then in radioactive hellfire and the shit that comes afterwords . 
  if its any compensation we are no more safe then you are . 
  tbh one of the best things about the f-35 is the helmet and ui with it , the pilots flying are ordered to completely destroy them if they crash and cant bring it . 
  tl : dr even if the plane is bad the helmet/software/research into it could have multiple uses . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w0btzivlsci < - helmet vid https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sbnwg4v6ihk < - cockpit sim, 
   pushing finland into this will severe good relationships with russia and without doubt cost them economically . 
  you have already made a good counter argument within your paragraph . 
  if finland is at the mercy of russia who they have `` meh '' relations with , why dont they try to start expanding their markets elsewhere . 
  if your market relies on the one country who keeps giving everyone the bird and getting economically sanctioned , is it not just going to hurt you in the long run anyway ? 
  mobocracy ? 
   one man was so incensed that he slapped mccarthy three times in the face , yelling that he was not french and that his work had no business in the square , before running off . 
  plz dont you remember [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bf-sthmvooc ) 0:00 - 0:30, 
  what are you talking about  _  the u.s. practically throws money at anyone asking for it , if thats not a bribe idk was is . 
  remove base remove base remove base  : l, 
  how much would be gained in cash for scraping them ? 
  is that something you should do rather then upgrading them ? 
  the only real market for em would be canada or mexico , we dont rly sell them because i 'd assume most nato allies in europe take the leopard ii over abrams because lets be honest the abrams is not the best . 
  the u.s. is more of a navel and air force power anyway , we will never live to see fields of tanks facing each other in our lifetimes . 
  why no / s ? 
  u.s. is why cant uk ? 
  regional trademarks are the most ridiculous thing i have ever heard of . 
  america is founded on immigrant culture if someone from old world , france came to the u.s. and brought his techniques for wine and it was past down to his children , is it not wine all the same why should it not be allowed because it was not made in some providence in france ? 
  rail would be the next best thing though considering how much better europes rail system is compared to ours ( so long as ukraine separatists do n't try to take the station its being delivered to ) . 
   nasa is private now nuff said if you meant me as in personally land on mars , no however i could buy stocks of a company that could thus helping . 
  sorry meant as to where the profit goes i.e. 
  gov or civ, 
   you do n't have the political will to give nasa the funding . 
  nasa is private now , which is the way of the future tbh , nothing makes it big until private corporations want involved such as asteroid mining etc. 
   great fucking job , why do cool stuff , like space exploration . 
  you europeans need to understand the american mindset . 
  america is literally opposite day , tell us we cant land on the moon we do it , here is another example . 
  colby : okay homer , i do n't know anything about planes , but i know about you . 
  you have what made america great : no understanding of the limits of your power and a complete lack of concern for what anyone thinks of you . 
  so you 'll land that plane . 
  ** and do you know why ? 
  because i heard some guy say you could n't . 
  ** homer : what !, 
  i 'll show that guy !, 
  u.s. doesnt buy that much tho due to fracking : l, 
  depends on your definition of profit . 
  first thing someone would say to your argument is u.s.a. with its military industrial complex , however that rly only creates jobs for civ 's not much profit for the government . 
  in some fields they may even lose money when you consider r & d projects that just never come about . 
  though the r & d projects that do work out most of the time have civilian applications to them , if any money is created by military it would be in that regard . 
  what does the u.s. do to people and their snowman ? 
  shots fired ... wait european gun laws , nm continue . 
  * insert comment about how bacon somehow equals freedom . 
  who claimed it was a u.s. plot first russia or china ? 
  looks alot like the drone here what are the differences ? 
   what we do n't have is an ally on the other side of the pond that would be in any way comfortable with these things . 
  the yanks are very antsy about the eu deepening its joint , non-nato military capability because it would take importance away from the nato , and also sideline turkey . 
  not to mention the us . 
  you have to got to be fucking kidding . 
  the amount of times the u.s. government and people have asked for the eu to militarily get its shit together is astronomical . 
  the u.s. constantly talks about its `` pivot to the east '' aka were tired of defending you europe you 're big boys now act like it , but we do it because of your inability to do so and to protect the baltic 's because that would be the front line . 
  if the u.s. can semi do it with 50 states , 28 should be a cake walk . 
   do n't let them think they are doing you a favor for spending billions on attacking ~ ~ iraq or syria ~ ~ libya for their own purposes . 
  there must be two superpowers the balance has been broken !, 
  fix it eu , we would rather have you then say china . 
   estinia 's entire gdp is only about 4 % of the us defense budget so that would be kinda tough . 
  good to see us spending going down though as the iraq and afghanistan wars wind down . 
  ill only be happy if instead it gets moved to r&d projects . 
  cia will protect you if its a national interest ^ or ^ kill ^ you ^ to ^ stop ^ the ^ information ^ from ^ leaking ^ out . 
  : ' c plz, 
   not even our territory . 
  [ monroe doctrine ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/monroe_doctrine ), 
  nato alliance is a joke . 
  -_- no a eu military coalition must become reality . 
  nato must have full trust from all sides to be effective , remember its going to take a week or two for u.s. to get there if war breaks out and thats if the other side does n't try to stop us with subs or an air force . 
  why would n't it be ? 
  corn is like a wonder vegetable its used in almost everything . 
  when the cccp died did russia inherit all of s.u. 
  's treaties , trade agreements etc ? 
   yes , let 's take financial advice from people who ~ ~ have managed to create ~ ~ can pay a national debt of $ 21.0 trillion . 
  winning depends on the definition . 
  if by u.s. winning we mean our position and power after the world wars then yes , we won . 
  if we are talking about the events during the war , the cost of blood and treasure then s.u. 
  ( cccp ) won hands down no debate except when the pacific side of the war comes into play . 
  really ? 
  i mean , the country 's got a lot of cool stuff to look at and all , but ... really ? 
  did the cold war mean nothing to you guys ? 
  not sense we won !, 
  why are you typing instead of working  : l, 
  na just bribe the chinese consulate, 
  because the kurd peshmerga < - ( translate to something like `` those who run toward death '' ) consider the iraqi army to be traitors / cowards , the way they left everything for the isis to pick up and use .
