  the iraqi army did n't even attempt to destroy the military equipment , which if the u.s. army had to abandon a tank / helicopter they are required to leave as little behind as possible . 
  trailer park boys ? 
  well after we '' [ gave ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/siberian_pipeline_sabotage ) '' them the software used for their national gas who could blame them ? 
  economic power aka more population with rapid improvements in all sectors with the population from middle east and africa migrating , you have the ability to at some point in europe 's history be on par if not stronger then the u.s. all that economic power in short means if eu ever goes on to try and be a military power you will have more population and money to throw in a conventional war . 
  the rebels were doing that to themselves . 
  on vice news there were rebels exploding ordnance and they did n't even take it off the rail tracks . 
  can you state the source as mach 20 would be around 15 thousand mph , the u.s. is working on mach 7-8 rail guns which in theory should be much faster then a missile ? 
  thing is also russia 's sam 's have had actual practice in combat as well in the cold war against our blackbirds and other aircraft . 
  the u.s. system has never rly had to be used considering we always had air superiority . 
  israel is where we get/buy/test , them because of hamas rockets fired every month or so . 
  we ( the u.s. ) are also moving away from sam 's to laser / rail gun defense weapons so we have not updated our patriot systems . 
  nationalism is the key to nation building , its when it 's used after that building process that it becomes a problem . 
  russia 's anti air is nothing to joke about , its one of the few things they do n't neglect to upgrade . 
  not really , independence movements could also be reactionary or any other political structure there 's no magical formula that says independence movements = nationalist . 
  second if you are going to become a independent nation by breaking away from another state , you are a full retard if you think they will let you print their money . 
  what is the point in breaking away if in a sense you are not by economical , military , or government ties . 
  tl : dr try and keep the english pound i ca n't wait to see how much london screws you . 
  considering the scottish independent movement is nothing but nationalists , yet you still want all the benefits from being in the uk like using their money . 
  to be fair if anyone deserves the right to face americas harsh jail / prison systems it should be rapists . 
  how does it compare to [ algae ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/christopherhelman/2013/12/23/green-oil-scientists-turn-algae-into-petroleum-in-30-minutes/ ), 
  have the plane land in isis territory and pass them a msg that he 's a high ranking u.s. official . 
  then after they kill him drone strike the fuckers , kill two birds with one stone . 
  what about people who break the law ? 
  in some degree once convicted are they a non citizen or ( have less / no rights ) ? 
  if they have no rights are you then allowed to collect their information ? 
  well guess im a nazi , better practice my goose stepping : l, 
  yes they did send troops , while that 's kind of them , only something like 5 countries meet the 2 % requirement ( and the uk will probably not be one of them if scotland breaks away ) . 
  the issue is not only the 2 % nato requirement , but the fact europe does n't think it needs power projection . 
  they want a `` defensive force '' however in terms of war there is no such thing . 
  you can not be defensive without power projection because you need to be able to counter-attack . 
  some national guard in the u.s. are better prepared for nato then some european countries . 
  if europe wants to defend themselves from aggression , ( no offense ) but they could have fooled me . 
  no shale for fracking ? 
   consider us lowly europeans not to be deserving of any human rights , like privacy ? 
  go have a talk with france , one of the biggest espionage violators then you can cry over the nsa . 
  second your own governments handed over the information to the nsa , yell and bark at the u.s. all you want but it was a team effort . 
   there 's no appetite in england to pay the cost of separation , share the pound or generally support scotland at all if it decides to go it alone . 
  as england / uk should n't , if you break away you lose your right to share currency , military etc with that state . 
  it just boggles my mind that they think they have that right . 
  in terms of states breaking away if you do n't create your own identity involving currency , laws , etc to me you just seem like a puppet state . 
  well here a few i 've heard of lately feel free to add to the list . 
  * currency * nukes * military * eu / nato positions, 
  still wish we would dissolve it though , why should we defend people who clearly do n't want to defend themselves . 
  just have private alliances like we used to . 
  with the uk about to be split and their 2 % nato requirement spending about to be cut ( or at least very reduced ) from the process , at this rate we will be stuck in the endless military loop that is europe forever . 
  the commonwealth does not use the pound , they have their own currencies . 
  the issue is scotland is wanting to use the english pound after they separate . 
  basically if texas succeeded would we in the states allow them to print our money . 
  there 's hidden costs/issues for breaking up a state , it 's often paid in blood , or negotiations . 
  hopefully the second . 
  honestly i dont why the current armies of the eu cant just work out a deal to have some/all of their armies based in the baltics , sense the biggest threat right now is russia ? 
  use the bases nato is talking about building . 
  so this is how democracy dies , with thunderous applause . 
  this seems to be more [ helpful ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nlnubq0nqje ), 
  the moon base will be built !, 
  im assuming we 're the psychopath ? 
  at this point fuck the ttip , its either europe bitching about region copywrite or chemicals that have not been proven to do neither harm or good to the human body . 
  tl : dr i gave up after seeing the bullshit flair up over cheese brand names . 
  meh what can i say , we 're in it to win it . 
  agree with everything said above . 
  : l ** edit ** : also something interesting to be noted above , the u.s. during wwii were able to raise half of the money needed for the war from taxes . 
  the other half needed to be bought from war bonds , something like 50 % of the population had to buy them . 
  we achieved that goal and then some , think about that level of support from a civilian population during that time period . 
   china is way too far away ( and ~ ~ pacifist ~ ~ aggressive against other countries ), 
  better then what they do if ur sent to texas , they just hit you with a brick . 
  lol yea and half the gas stations in america are not suppose to resist during a robbery , look how many do fight back . 
  the world is n't black and white and neither is this . 
  i want everyone to stop with the bullshit so a real investigation can go through . 
  protests and riots are just going to cause it to be rushed . 
  in all seriousness instead of limiting the market educate , and if that 's not enough offer grants to companies who comply . 
  when you limit the consumer market it tends to create problems . 
  by rewarding those who comply not only will more innovation follow but other companies will ether comply or fade due to competition . 
  i agree with _ lar _ this seems to be a lazy approach to the issue ( `` well we could educate or motivate the companies or consumers '' , `` nah lets just ban it '' . ), 
  the u.s. has supplied the kurds before and they have not turned into an anti western terrorist group . 
  also the kurd 's respect women more ( they even fight in their armies ) then their others in the region so if i had to pick a group in the middle east to back i would pick the kurds . 
  there are reports that michael brown surrendered and some say he assaulted the cop . 
  if the second is true believe it or not police can shoot you , if they do n't its their choice to try and subdue you . 
  the thing is i ca n't take this seriously after george zimmerman . 
  st louis is one of the highest cities in the u.s. for violent crime , gang murders etc. 
  if i was a cop there u bet your ass id be paranoid to , was there a better way to handle the situation yes . 
  every cops goal is or should be to take criminals alive , sadly reality is when people are desperate they do desperate things , that 's just how the world works . 
  im not sure if they are all superheros tho , one looks like the joker ? 
  while i do like the art , why american superhero 's and not something that connects to bulgarians ? 
  resisting police when they try to arrest you in one of the most violent cities in the u.s. does tend to get you shot . 
  basically the ohio state flag  _ , 
  as an ohio resident can confirm this is legit . 
  though still glad we 're not detroit . 
  nice grouping between the 9 and 10 you should come here [ sandy shoot ] ( http://youtu.be/ucppmozixuy?t=6m20s ), 
  wat facts say this ? 
  revenge for napoleon ? 
   having the most powerful military ( even by the huge margins that it is ) , will only take you so far in the modern world . 
  until the day comes when the technology is so advance we can drop troops/supplies without bases being involved anyway . 
  well until he was shot in the fucking head , and we stole his porn stash . 
  [ 2043 nukes tested from 1945 - 1998 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wanqrqg-w0k ) how does this work in to the nuclear winter theory then ? 
   our doctrine we dont follow our own doctrine have you not seen the poster ? 
  ohio standing by for support , our national guard is ready . 
  the u.s. is the new roman empire not russia . 
  says you !, 
  ( civil wars ), 
   starving people wo n't revolt communist revolution during wwi says otherwise as it started out of bread rations .
