   serbian army used a russian trick were they focused all the radars in one zone , in this way even a fly would be detected . 
  which is why in desert storm the first targets were radars . 
  cant focus them if u do n't have any . 
  how hard is it for you to build your own army ? 
  quick throw money at ukraine , we cant let sweden win !, 
  one russian newspaper later ... . . blackwater merc 's spotted at ukrainian starbucks . 
  claim to be defending u.s. interests ... . 
  whole point tho , not yet . 
  pretty much yea . 
  hamas is the perfect test subject . 
  they keep launching cheap rockets and iron dome shoots them down , ever decreasing the gap in possible future failures . 
  which the u.s. gets back either from its i.t. 
  software partnership or military research/hardware . 
  it 's easily a win win in our books . 
  ill just leave this [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/selective_service_system ) . 
  i believe its what your discussing . 
  this is one of my military quagmires , why do we make tanks when they seem so outdated to airpower and uselessness in cities ? 
   if you use u.s. standards . . standards in what , if i might ask ? 
  we are only beating the world in [ 3 categories ] ( http://youtu.be/fkklog0t9a4?t=2m55s ) isnt that enough for you ? 
  i recall russians saying their t-90 's could handle abrams , germany should send leopards just in case . 
  its all that firing from the hip and spraying !, 
  is sad , cant read anything : c, 
  oh no guess i better build a backyard bunker ... . not rly . 
  brah freedom of religion , ** as im crossing out `` in god we trust '' on our bills ** . 
  fly you fools !, 
  russia is coming !, 
   `` a european army is not meant to be an opposition to nato . 
  it would rather lead to an extended cooperation in development and in purchasing military equipment . '', 
  oh please by all means create your own army , we 've been trying to get you to do it for ages . 
  dont worry about the usa with or without nato we will be fine . 
   the road to hell is paved with good intentions . 
  ill remember that next time one of our aircraft carriers go to a country hit with a tsunami to produce fresh water . 
  all that matters is that it helped them at that moment in time no strings attached . 
  just inform the kids that they would be at the front , works well in most cases . 
  if you listen to her whole recorded conversation she was saying `` fuck the eu '' on the regards that they are not taking the lead on the ukrainian situation . 
  something many agree with , it is hard for eu to be a equal partner ( to the only superpower ) when it only wants to follow . 
   us does n't care to look like a respectful partner . 
  prove us wrong then ull get respect u deserve . 
  the u.s. has been something of a protective babysitter to the eu for what give or take sixty years ? 
  yet the eu which the usa has done everything and then some to help , gets this shit . 
  when nato disappears what sphere of influence do you think the eu is going to inherit ? 
  hint it goes as far as ukraine . 
  alright well lets change some words . 
  what happens if putin invades ukraine ? 
  what will your country do ? 
  germany 's weakness : not realizing when diplomacy does n't mean shit to your enemy . 
  if we wanted a war with russia we would n't hav started trading with them . 
  might be nitpicking a bit but why do europeans constantly spell iraq as irak ? 
  wow no pleasing you is there . 
  so when are the french funded refugee camps going to start popping up ? 
  will they get free welfare as if they were in france ? 
  im so excited , france will be picking up the slack where we have obviously failed to do so . 
  how many jobs and french business are planning to startup there ; to get them through their difficult time of need of course ? 
  maybe in the process you can explain to them why they should learn french over english . 
  not yet , but my money is on a real war involving europe , germany pusses out . 
  if we did n't care about eastern europe i 'd say we should leave you to rot to your own mistakes . 
  so will it be a 3rd or maybe 4th ceasefire that wont work ? 
  germany is the one not getting the picture , you can not diplomatically deal with russia . 
  if putin gives in it makes him weak to anything but what would be compared to nothing but a complete victory . 
  your diplomacy has failed move on to at least another idea . 
  failed state or not they should have the chance to run the country as they see fit for once . 
  russia is the only thing stopping them from being able to do it peacefully . 
   want other people to die for you spoiler its the same way we feel about your country . 
  there 's a difference in trying and failing and not trying at all . 
   us do n't really care about the suffering of the ukrainian people themselves rly how many donation sites have you set up ? 
  how much non lethal aid have you sent ? 
  im pretty sure american donations completely outweigh yours . 
  http://www.usubc.org/site/member-news/donations-prop-up-ukraine-s-underfunded-army https://www.unicefusa.org/donate/help-children-ukraine/22461?gclid=cjwkeaiavewnbrczjqf4zpuukgysjabcozbhakf3w62i4tykp5qxgbeqjldernfwa4ywlnj2_nl2shoc-blw_wcb http://ukrfreedomfund.org/en these are just a few examples, 
   what kind of message does it send to iran and any other country wanting to develop nuclear capabilities ? 
  do you rly think we can stop them ? 
  sure we could slow them down but eventually anyone that 's that determined will get them end of story . 
  i would pay to see the reactions lol, 
  so all your reasons give your country the right to defy international law ? 
  the u.s. is by all means not a clean blank slate , however when the u.s. does something wrong every american hears it for a fucking eternity , same should be for you ; when your country and saudi arabia sponsors terrorists . 
  bottom line is this you want sanctions to end you negotiate for them , violence is n't going to make them go away . 
   so before you talk like you understand why iran is defying sanctions learn some fucking history you american clown . 
  i have , just do n't find yours interesting past getting dominated by the greeks . 
  you may leave at anytime just like france . 
   all of these problems have been resolved by the tokamak and stellarator concepts pursued today . 
  so what stopping these two from producing power if they work ? 
  the size of them ? 
   minimum size of a power plant . 
  so its not impossible , we are just looking for the right size for endless plasma particle reignition ? 
   the technology did n't exist to create the correct plasma containment field . 
  which technology allows this to be feasible , and can you explain how this technology corrects the plasma containment ? 
  also how available is the fuel and would it have any wastes ( they do n't rly specify that ) ? 
   until the day we decide a planet-buster is a practical option . 
  well stop giving them ideas !, 
  the only thing that 's bad i 've heard of is 6-8 kids being in the hospital from eating it . 
  ( but that could be the parents fault , they do n't say how much or what was eaten . ), 
  probs just some brownies . 
  tho its too short to say for certain , but they ( states ) are loving the tax they get from it . 
   but since lockheed martin is a military supplier , i fear the military having exclusive rights the next 15-20 years before it is brought to public usage . 
  yes i agree but i understand why they would , the military could put it through incredible stress testing . 
  after that i feel there would n't be any hesitation to use it near civilian areas . 
  opinions ? 
  they seem to be promising a lot but is it reasonable and obtainable , do they have a possibility of bringing this to life ? 
  [ video ( in english ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=ulyclnidfkm ), 
   `` of course i am anti-zionist . 
  not because i 'm iranian , but because i am not ; i am simply against any nationalism . '',
