  my first post was how ukraine could lift the sanctions by getting majority of the population to contact politicians to vote against the sanctions ? 
  but then again the problem might be the fact that americans do n't want to be involved in europe ( teh isolationism i talked about earlier ) . 
  40yrs does n't matter in the end tell me what country you come from and i 'll find all the shit your country has done , all countries when put in our shoes would do the same thing . 
  the thing about the divided government is now nothing gets done which means these sanctions are likely just talk so russia does n't cut gas / oil exports and make americans mad by paying 4-5 $ a gallon . 
  once again i feel you are generally wrong , for the record the u.s. was about to go into syria but the house was majority against intervention and last i looked so was the public . 
  there was also least around where i live large opposition to even intervening in the civil war in general . 
  if the american people had their way and we did n't need to trade w/the rest of the world america would become almost super isolationist . 
  many people want to do everything from remove all foreign military bases to say stop sending aid money and i 'd say the fact we ca n't get anything done is more due to the divided government we have atm . 
  if you are referring to our policy of containment during the cold war ( italy and south america ) yes im aware , however nowhere in that statement did i mention protesters . 
  you want to stop american politicians only overwhelming public opposition from american people will do it . 
  ( vietnam is an example of how it did work . ), 
  in my opinion protests do n't stop governments they strengthen their resolve to fight harder for control . 
  also get off our ass about the cold war policies they obviously for the most part are not in place anymore . 
  as an american i ca n't speak for my country as a whole , however i believe in this case the u.s. in my opinion is generally a force for good . 
  americans ( at least the public ) are cautious about supporting regime changes . 
  our past history supports this theory . 
  my advice do n't take it seriously its just a step of a much larger scale of world politics . 
  if it does happen reach out to americans to support your cause and maybe they will make some calls to members of office . 
  if they get an overwhelming opposition the senate will vote to recall the sanctions if they happen . 
  ~ sorry if tl : dr, 
   even europe ca n't create its own silicon valley and be competitive in that regard . 
  may i ask why ? 
  i 've seen multiple posts about the failure future vision of eu 's silicon valley , but not rly an idea as to why . 
  europe has a major game dev output ( from what another post made showed ) where do the difficulties present themselves ? 
  after all just because the usa has silicon valley does n't mean anyone else ca n't make an area like it . 
  all quiet on the western front 1930 film, 
  hmmm well i learned something today . 
   a successful ukraine in the eu would be a direct threat to his power because it would show his own people that an ex-soviet state can become a stable western-style democracy do n't poland and other ex-warsaw pact nations already prove this ? 
  you should create a lie that the russians stole their language from the ukrainians , and see how far it rolls . 
  why x 's on all but australia and china ? 
  personally if the uk needs to cut spending for a yr or two to get the budget balanced i would n't mind . 
  as long as it does n't turn into a pattern or habit cough cough europe . 
   his deeply personal hatred of us government has poisoned his mind . 
  might be a blessing in disguise , if they think we are capable of all this maybe they wont attack ? 
  you forget the fact that if the us did n't intervene in the gulf war we would have the cheapest gas in the world . 
  saddam offered 10 $ a barrel which is insane . 
  not only that but first dibs on the buying list too . 
  with the money we 'd be throwing at him saudi arabia would have nothing in terms of the support they have now . 
  just have a civil war and keep calling the losing side redneck white trash slave owners . 
  they may fly their flags but no talk of succession . 
  right behind vw ; how the german government knew about it , yet claim we 're the one lowering standards . 
   i 'm completely honest when saying that this really saddens me if it were to happen : those people are not to blame . 
  i agree no one that did n't have anything to do with it should be hurt/fined etc. ... however the problem is how do we distinguish ? 
  the german branch will blame the american side for example . 
  while they might be right , its difficult to see how high up the ladder this order went . 
  this was n't some lone programmer or small team . 
  people very high up had to know about it . 
  the epa just have to clime the ladder to see how high they can go . 
  however regardless vw will be hurt in the us for a very very long time . 
  as one of the biggest consumer markets we tend not to forget . 
  the epa first said 500,000 cars which with the fines would be 18bill max , if it is rly 11million cars the company is pretty much dead . 
  18bill is quite a lot considering their stocks . 
  i also would n't take the epa lightly , last company that they went after went bankrupt . 
  i do n't think vw will go bankrupt ; but 18bill is still 18bill and could set them back quite a bit . 
  yea but the last company the epa went after went bankrupt . 
  not saying that is what will happen here ; but when the epa hits it hits hard ... hopefully hard enough to discourage future similar behavior . 
  when in a lab being tested the software would trigger and give an ok on the emissions testing . 
  then after the testing it would switch off , this is n't a lone programmer ; this is higher up full circle shit . 
  that 's why its as bad , the higher up 's in the company knew about it . 
  whataboutism is a form of soviet propaganda to counter criticism ( usually from `` the west '' ) with a `` what about ... ? '', 
  question vaguely related to the original question asked . 
  it is a specialized form of the tu quoque fallacy and is usually mixed in with a healthy dose of balance fallacy . 
  look at the username lol, 
  saudi arabia only does that within its own country , russia is expanding its country . 
  all while indirectly causing equal if not more deaths . 
  - which country would you like to buy oil from ? 
  pick one - saudi arabia russia, 
  two words : anarchist cookbook . 
  edit : i should clarify , this is one of the most downloaded `` illegal ? '', 
  books in the usa . 
  it was created during the vietnam era as a protest . 
  it covers everything from flaming napalm tennis balls , to where to hit someone to kill em and primitive bomb making . 
  tho im not sure if its still illegal , im sure if the police found it on a flash drive you would be getting some very serious questions . 
  i know of it through school were under parent permission we could read it . 
  remember when u guys landed on a comet and people demanded one of the head scientists apologize for his shirt . 
  those are the ones i do n't listen too . 
  also if they pull fire alarms to get people out of buildings , fuck them . 
  didnt bomb syria because uk voted no . 
  you should thank them . 
   it 'd be bad for putin 's hold on power if russia 's neighbors lived a better life than the russians , they might want the same in russia . 
  this actually make sense logically ... : l, 
  last i looked they were given humvee 's without guns , have n't heard of anything else ? 
  if they are given weapons it mostly from poland and other baltic states rather then usa . 
  if the us overthrew the government in ukraine the civil war would n't be lasting this long , he would have full access to nato weaponry and troops . 
  even if the us did n't flood them with weapons the amount of mercenary 's would more then make up for manpower . 
  have n't done it since the cold war ( unless we are rly rly good , and nobody knows about it . 
  ) ; as apposed to russia which has done it recently . 
  last i looked they did . 
  you can also easily just leave nato , feel free to actually . 
  whos more guilty the follower or the leader of the atrocity ? 
  second , libya . 
  funny how every conflict in the middle east has helped europe more then the us . 
  should rly stop helping them ... . . 
   commit war of aggression on false pretense first off no ; germany used its soldiers to attack germany 's poland border staging a false war against poland . 
  to declare the usa on this same level and have proof about your discovery would be astonishing . 
  almost world breaking . 
  second everyone jumps shit at the us for being at fault but the eu was just as whiling to fight then , as you were for libya . 
  most of you sent soldiers and while at first resisted , you still sent some . 
  your just as guilty as the rest of us due to realpolitik . 
  tl : dr the eu likes to think its pacifist but rly its just bloodthirsty when it has an excuse .
