  yes of course its a brilliant plan !, 
  get europe to hate u.s. so we can leave without looking cowardly and move towards asia . 
  #illuminatifound : o, 
  plz explain the law its violating , i was not aware people made laws against drones ? 
  nato doesnt help me as an average citizen . 
  leave europe , too much for too little . 
  no blood on europe soil , isolationism is key , america first !, 
  no wars no loss murica or bust , its my money and i want it now , no marshall plan ever , asia is better allies . 
  so i take it you have the numbers then , yet not willing to share sense you went out of you way to make a point but not deliver ? 
  i will agree that besides the uk , asia seem to be better allies atm , rest of europe is kinda in a military clusterfuck quagmire , regarding its decisions of defense which i feel will exist for quite some time . 
   as if the us ever cared for international law or anything like that , they only act upon their interests and give a shit about the rest . 
  [ an honest man will never have it any other ] ( http://youtu.be/n725zx3zik0?t=8m6s )  _  p.s. 
  this is why we like the uk more than you . 
  china has more , and they dont complain over stupid stuff like cheese brand names ( ttip ) which we should also abandon . 
  id rather see a chinese-americo alliance then an european one at this rate . 
  agreed , relocated them to a country that wants / needs them . 
  if we still want troops in europe i suggest esti . 
  invest in esti , grow esti economy etc etc. 
  :3 ** #estithenewdoge ** such strength , so friendly , much technology wow . 
  one comment i found intresting  do we care ? 
  what 's she going to do ? 
  order our troops out of germany ? 
  saving us $ 200 billion a year ? 
  anyone know how much we spend on military in germany ? 
   other reports said german intelligence asked their american counterparts for help unmasking their own mole -- and the americans remained silent . 
  why we didnt add them to make six eyes ... . . 
  death to nato , disband and let them deal with it while we comfortably on our island and never offer anything like the marshall plan again . 
  as a light tank its going to be armed with a 120mm cannon just like your leopard . 
  the tank does what is was made to do survive against air by hiding , tanks are quickly getting outdated due to air power . 
  you can make as many leopards as u like , wont matter if i got drones . 
  also as a prototype they could change several things before production . 
  second mate u british should n't u be rooting for ur challenger series ? 
  give all teh forces to esti they deserve it !, 
  move our bases out of ungrateful germany and move to esti . 
  provide jobs , help esti economy , invest in esti . 
  in esti we trust . 
  i only said one of the best because i want to wait and see how well the polish pl-01 does ( got to admit it is a beautiful tank ) . 
  not according to malta and libya you could n't . 
  meant libya , the end result is still the same . 
  even btw . 
  you say iraq i say libya , the difference is america started one , europe the other in the end the same . 
  does that mean europe is retarded ? 
  no people have their goals and the u.s. and europe 's are clearly different thus nato should end and you should deal with your own issues . 
  im going to tell you how it is ... europe gets a good chunk of its oil from the middle east . 
  despite this you guys do n't want to pay the price to maintain it . 
  who pays the price of money and blood to keep the sea trade lanes open with our fleets , the u.s. who protects the waters around africa from pirates which pose a real threat to cargo ships carrying millions , the u.s. who keeps the oil , a global resource flowing by keeping those middle eastern countries stable enough to export it u.s. . now yes while europe does send troops to fight with our soldiers , and i respect them for doing this . 
  the u.s. is mostly paying the price for you to live a comfortable lifestyle . 
  your dependance was proved when you decided not to sanction russian for fear of your gas shutting off , while the u.s. still offered to sell you oil which it has not done in a very very long time . 
  you couldnt even handle yugo breaking up let alone keeping a region stable which pumps out a global commodity needed for growth in a country . 
  sir you clearly dont understand what a ? 
  mark means . 
  i was answering your question with another question not putting words in your mouth . 
  also antiamericanism has been on the rise for awhile the nsa didnt cause hate overnight . 
  if you want a mature argument cursing is not going to get your point anymore across . 
  finally germany is not a friend , your on the u.s. suspected enemy list for a reason , probably because of your antiamericanism . 
  also yes american citizens want to become isolationist because of nato ( countries not meeting the requirements . ), 
  leaving us to foot the bill for your defenses while not gaining any noticeable benefits , asia has been a better friend than germany ever has . 
  if you cant take the criticizing of your government , do n't criticize other peoples . 
  espionage has to happen on every scale to be effective , that why police watch facebook because people are stupid enough to brag . 
  second you admitted to not being innocent , so why are you surprised that we are spying on you ? 
  also of course we are spying on the scandal parliament as we want to know whats going on and how its going to effect us ( nsa ) . 
  germany is just mad that the five eyes did n't turn into six eyes . 
  yea no , germany is one of the largest arms producers in the world selling to quite a few . 
  the u.s. runs war games on every possible war outcome . 
  with germany producing one of the best piece of armor the leopard series its would make sense to me at least that espionage would be taking place . 
  second europe in general doing nothing about ukraine , barely even sanctions proves that we should be keeping our eyes on you . 
  tl : dr not saying we are gon na go to war you , but to claim you are innocent is a little far fetched at this point in foreign policy terms . 
  why do you think they built them in the pattern that they did ? 
  is this some sort of architect crop circle ? 
  ( jk ) but no rly what was their building plan ? 
  china ( largest man-made starvation ever for shitty backyard made steel ) , and north korea those are the only two i should have to say to prove ur bs . 
  for the record the u.s. got to be good buddies with china because there was talk of the ussr starting a nuclear war with china . 
  :3 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzf9fargqxm, 
  americans in general dont want to be in nato / u.n. it doesnt help me as an average citizen in any way . 
  go find a new real boogieman to deal with , like disease or poverty then question the u.s. when you see how much money it gives to the world compared to your own . 
  i think using solar panels for windows would do wonders in every home : l, 
  i argue otherwise , as an average citizen i get jack shit from my country being in an alliance with ~ ~ europe ~ ~ anyone, 
  #islandlifegoodlife #europeforitself #payforyourownmilitarywe ` regoinghome #breakallalliances #disbandnato #u . n.isworthless #fightyourownworldwarsforonce #leaveusoutofit #gettintiredofyourshiteurope #stopknockingjusttobuyguns #willfighttothedeathinbrazil 2014 you get the idea, 
  even when we lose we win !, 
  are cellphones allowed to be searched without a warrant if its found on ur person though ? 
  generally if it was found on you they dont need a warrant etc ? 
  you do n't seem to understand how debt works , $ 17 trillion in debt ( most which is our own ) is not bad as long as u pay it eventually . 
  it builds up credit and with our gdp that 's not an issue . 
  not robbed per say but i did stick a bunch of needles around a spare wallet ( had monopoly money ) . 
  then i found someone trying to get us ( specifically english speakers ) to do a survey ( lure your attention away as pickpockets often work in teams ) needless to say i got a quick laugh a few minutes into the survey . 
  also watch out for people trying to sell you little effie towers on the street its the same stick . 
  other then that i had a average time , however i was with a large group not on my own . 
  this will help you in regards to my story http://france.usembassy.gov/pickpockets.html, 
  this is why we cant have nice things !, 
  the hell you talking about , go to a starbucks and ask / count how many things in there are from france ? 
  hell even walmart , kroger , etc have croissants ( which i for one love , fresh baked ) . 
  criminals do n't lose some rights in your country upon incarceration ? 
  you guys can keep nato if you allow us to leave . 
  i would have preferred the anglo-saxons instead of the bastard , the art they made was rly nice ( jewellery most of all ), 
  nato is worthless , stressful , takes our resorces and we get little benefit for being in europe . 
  if europe what to play in the big field let them and long as it erases our obligation to defend them . 
  can we show up without country identification violating the geneva convention like russia ? 
  calling us that will only encourage the tea party members , your move europe . 
  does buying polish vodka count ? 
  you should learn from past mistakes nearly ever war the u.s. has been involved in was because someone blew up our ships .
