  monroe doctrine clearly proves otherwise, 
  agreed the only reason the u.s. never switched to them was the money would 1 ) go to our enemies at the time . 
  and 2 ) its seen as the `` bad guy gun '' despite how many americans privately own one . 
  ak 's are made with optimal shooting in mind , they shoot from something like 300-500 the range where most fire fights take place . 
  however im talking about the ak firing system as a whole so everything from the knock off models to the dragunov sniper and pk 's which could snipe you . 
  pk 's not so much unless they are lucky . 
   europe is not their playground ur right its not and shouldnt be . 
  however sense the internet has no boarders , i can only assume we must go by american law due to the servers being hosted here . 
  if they have violated the law the u.s. has a legal action against them and should pursuing it . 
  though i do think asking ireland for help dealing with this issue would be beneficial to both countries . 
  at the same time the u.s. should be pressuring/monetarily helping europe setting up its own internet network . 
  with all of the worlds top western countries working on technology the possibilities could be limitless in terms of computer and intellectual advancement of the digital world . 
  after all europe invented the html for the world wide web while the u.s. set up its infrastructure . 
   i will however put it simply . 
  the distinction between a subpoena and a warrant is important , when the court decides to ignore this distinction and make their own new hybrid subpoena-warrant they are treading onto the ground legislative branch in the end this is not for europe to decide , in the end as you said yourself its up to the house and senate , [ legislative branch ] ( http://www.whitehouse.gov/our-government/legislative-branch ) not europe . 
  kinda can when the company hosting on u.s. soil agrees to following its laws by it setting up shop here . 
  if you read the following  microsoft could , in fact , be compelled to hand over data held overseas via a warrant under ecpa , the electronic communications and privacy act if you set up shop in the u.s. you are compelled to follow its laws . 
  just as if i visited another country i must follow its laws . 
  google for example has enabled the `` right to be forgotten '' if we follow your laws you must follow ours on equal ground . 
  quick buy all the polish vodka to lower losses !, 
  well we are talking about the ak firing system so in regards to rifles maybe . 
  with the u.s. our most important cities are on the coast . 
  with the largest navy in the world once rails guns are out of prototype testing we are and mass produced we are good . 
  in terms of the 100 % success rate they fire a kinetic projectile at mock 8 . combine that speed with satellite/radar and drone technology with the u.s. automated anti missile tracking system ( one laser shows where the bullets are landing while another is at the end of a missile and they slowly move together until the missile is destroyed ) we would be fine . 
   russia has a new submarine-launched ballistic missile in use now that is reportedly capable of piercing anti-ballistic missile defences not if the u.s. finishes rail gun technology and equips them with scatter shot , or some sort of flak warheads . 
  china and russia are still suffering from relation during the cold war . 
  why do you think the u.s. started doing business with china during the cold war ? 
  because mao and russia we at ideological differences about stalinism . 
  there was at one point were serious thought was given to if china would nuke russia or vise versa . 
  [ u.s. embassy avoiding pickpocket guide ] ( http://france.usembassy.gov/pickpockets.html ) should be used in any country you visit regardless . 
  nationalism itself is not bad , it 's the basis for nation building . 
  as long as it does not lead to it 's more aggressive properties such as fascism or racism then it tends to die down . 
  the u.s. is more nationalistic then most counties due to its isolationism . 
  however war wariness is at a all time high from average citizen to citizen currently . 
  the u.s. form of nationalism forms around something called `` patriotism '' from the revolutionary war , it forms around the basis that soldiers are celebrated / honored for their sacrifice in a war to defend freedom or the american way of life in terms of the democracy or capitalism ideology . 
  do n't give the u.s. a reason to want revenge and you 'll be fine . 
  i mean really after all the wars the u.s. has been in , half have been about people attacking our ships or buildings . 
  one such example `` remember the maine to hell with spain . '', 
  etc etc. 
  russia annexs crimea , ukraine takes kaliningrad ? 
  first war with iraq saddam offered 10 $ a barrel for as long as he was alive and our company 's to have first dibs on buying , if it was about oil we would have taken that deal and the second one would not have even started . 
  according to [ this ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/1446152/saddam-offered-bush-a-huge-oil-deal-to-avert-war.html ) he even offered it a second time in 2003 not sure on the credibility tho tbh . 
  quebec would learn quickly what happened to the csa, 
   dissolving nato nope all for it , could n't happen faster . 
   there 's more people living in new york than in the whole of the netherlands . 
  does n't make those lives less valuable . 
  wait until its like 3am in ukraine then spam call , have people all over the world call in shifts around the clock . 
  he cant get orders from russia if he 's called constantly , unless he gets another phone or does it from a computer . 
  if the second option is true just wait for ukraine to release those as well . 
  * magic eight ball says : no then specifically points to germany . 
  i dont know to much about the internal working of the eu , but i consider this from an outside view to be optimistic . 
  maybe he wants to leave to eu because of the lack of foreign policy in these stances , and this is a final chance to hopefully impact that . 
  you must also consider that you ca n't change anything without being in the loop its how democracy works by being active in it . 
  at least the west would n't be taking the blackboxes . 
  not if its a private alliance , the u.s. spends the most money on military in the world . 
  regardless of it being an official nato or just a private alliance you dont fuck with america and its allies . 
  think about it free trade , this helps company 's exchange products it has as much to do with them then anybody else . 
  not only that but at least in the u.s. company 's are considered people . 
  thus they can drum up as much support as they want , remember sopa all the american sites censoring getting people to sign petitions etc. 
  that had an impact why would n't this be in the same boat ? 
  put them in a special detective first response unit activated by the unsc emergency issues involving evidence collection . 
  sense they are completely neutral they would be unbiased . 
  switzerland for world police , its their destiny . 
  surly you have coka cola commercials / ads on a bus etc , i see this being no different . 
   equal partners forced to respect each other . 
  this made me lol , if you have to be forced to have respect for a country that 's not respect the correct term is fear . 
  if you think the spying is bad with germany right now wait till the u.s. has someone to fear . 
  there would be so many agents we would run out of code names for them . 
  i dont see the eu as needing to scare people sense its built on soft power . 
  the real issue is you dont have a very good internet infrastructure ( i.e. 
  your own so you ( as in eu ) use ours ( the u.s. ) the question then comes in as `` sense their servers are on our soil who laws do they follow ? '', 
  basically if i owned a house in the u.s. and ireland and had a warrant got arrested etc would the u.s. have the right to search that house on foreign soil ? 
   they failed pretty hard at keeping secrets ( snowden ) snowden was a whisleblower not a enemy spy , he had access to the information he stole . 
  ( a bank owner stealing the money from the vault . ), 
  if they really wanted to they could assassinate him . 
  however that would be the biggest mistake the u.s. has made in a long time . 
   ( flame and stuxnet ) it is not hard to predict where they came from if your only enemy with the ability to make a worm/virus for 10 years is your next door neighbor , and his ally across the ocean . 
  not only that but they `` suspected '' they only really knew when u.s. higher ups gave hints that they might have done it . 
  even after that it still took the validation of kaspersky labs to verify . 
   2:1 ratio in prospected growth . 
  is this in economy or other areas as well ? 
  growth in what ? 
  open source = open development , meaning we can view the source and create around it . 
  if the nsa wants to know what you 're doing there is nothing you can really do . 
  they just simply have more resources . 
  +1 love weird al, 
   would build this in a country they do n't trust . 
  hate to tell you this but if we are spying on you , it 's not because we do trust you . 
   logistics , plain and simple . 
  geographically germany is the perfect position for projecting power further east and politically it is stable enough and such a trustworthy allie that huge investements are reasonable . 
  what else could be the reson ? 
  to keep our mighty fighting force in check ? 
  sorry but i do n't see it , with most of our missions taking place in the middle east italy would be better , or malta near sicily . 
  when it comes to the east the baltic states would be way better , they are even asking for more troops to be sent . 
  logistics does not make sense in this case when we have plenty of other counties to choose from . 
  may i ask how the bnd would be limited ? 
  politicians , technology , or just operatives ? 
  hmm , i always thought military bases were counted as foreign soil like embassies . 
  turns out i was wrong but got confused due to the issue of children being born there can get citizenship . 
   unless they just want us to think that and they 're slowly turning evil , which probably is n't the case .
