  sorry but that 's the same argument as saying a racist slur , then saying ur not racist because you hate all races ... iran is incredibly nationalistic both in religious fundamentalism and through it 's defiance to defy sanctions . 
   pro-american can an american claim this and not be a fascist ? 
  ik american is more right then europe 's , but i would like to not be accused of being a nazi ? 
  or is this just groups claiming this in general ? 
  is there a possible way we could `` kidnap '' him back ? 
  or anything that could be done to even the leverage ? 
  did estonia call article v , if not nato would n't be taking action . 
  but all in all , what do you suppose we can do to get him out ? 
   whenever puerto rico joins the us it 's going to cost millions upon millions to replace all the flags everywhere . 
  the 51st state flags were pre made years ago ... . cough cough . 
   if you read a bit more on this sub you will see that the distrust and fear of russia is vastly bigger . 
  because you guys do n't wish to fight them on your own despite having the ability to do so . 
  you want us and eastern countries to die in large numbers , waiting for your countries which did not prepare to mobilize . 
   the question is if you would want to destabilize europe like that . 
  yes if it saves our 600bill , hell even half that . 
  or we could disband nato and our armed forces and throw 600bill at mexico to become prosperous and stable , thus strengthening the continent as a whole . 
  hmm are we carthage or rome ... . maybe both ? 
  ahhh good times , good times . 
  right now it only seems like a vision tho . 
  maybe one day but not at this rate ... 
  yorkist or lancastrian choose !, 
  to sit back and do nothing like ours ... . hopefully ? 
   i guess seth rogen and james franco are our modern day goebbels . 
  at least they did n't sink money into a nazi version of the titanic . 
   america all by himself is pretty much responsible for the ayetullah 's of iran . 
  the coupe of iran could n't have happened without the clergy , do you rly think they wanted a anti religious communist government ? 
   i was n't guilt tripping anyone , those where accidents , and those happen anyway . 
  oh sorry i didnt take it as guilt tripping and mean to come off as aggressive . 
  i was just pointing out the policy of nuclear material recovery from our perspective . 
  to be fair , at least we warned you and helped clean it up . 
  nobody even today knows how many `` accidents '' su had . 
  i have a coupon for a d\u00f6nitz rudel pack , got any ? 
  also history , where they seem to have more rebellions and civil wars then greece . 
  look , we get it you like us . 
  for real tho lets not gloat american egos and misrepresent history . 
  lost 20 + million , only country to beat them was maybe china . 
  that 's including the civil war they had after . 
  yes we supplied them , but the equipment would have been useless without the men to use them . 
  lets not proliferate facts just because you currently do n't like russia . 
  tl : dr | the u.s. won wwii in terms of having the biggest advantage after the war from being untouched . 
  however the s.u. 
  won from having lost most of their blood and treasure during the war , most of the fighting and dying if you will . 
  the s.u. 
  fought the battles , we gave them the means to do so . 
  i 'd be fine if they ran the administrative process , so long as we get to fight we 're good . 
  military industrial complex 'n' all . 
  [ omg do i praise !, 
  if i had a dollar for every time someone over 40 told me my generation sucks . 
  i could afford a house in the economy they ruined . 
   the us also accept the medieval death cult that is saudi arabia as an ally for the sake of stability . 
      they really dont give any fucks about details or morals . 
  they just want stability no matter the cost . 
  well we did ally with the s.u. 
  during wwii to defeat germany , only for them to become an enemy till the 80 's -90 's so yea . 
  depending on circumstances the us would ally with anyone , if the situation called for it . 
  [ leprechaun is the secret ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ivgmfy1jfgu ), 
   who the hell wants a windows phone ? 
  if you want more competitiveness , you do apparently . 
  yes but from my perspective if they joined the eu they would get all the `` anti-corruption tools '' if you will . 
  europol would be one of many behind eu 's programs . 
  this is key if corruption persists , there 's no point to adding new business ; as its effectiveness would be meaningless it the current economy . 
  your right , after 9/11 we should have turned them into flak towers !, 
  every skyscraper covered in aa weapons !, 
   bad outcome ? 
  im beginning to wonder if the cia is that good , or if the leaders/targets are that bad . 
   same with `` cowboys and indians '' when you consider the genocide those `` cowboys '' did . 
  pffft [ europeans are more responsible ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jeyh5wacqek ) for the indian genocide . 
  way to go have your diseases fight your battles for you pussies . 
  / s tho you are correct when it comes to us displacing them ; however wrong when it come to current views . 
  americans do n't wake up going `` i 'm gon shoot sum injins ! . '', 
  just as natives americans do n't scalp us . 
  the us government recently said no to an oil pipeline , because an indian reservation was against it . 
  there 's a heavy educational curriculum in school about manifest destiny and what happened ; which is why the us is against annexing new territory/countries etc. 
  it is no where near the levels suggested in this article . 
  depends on how the u.s. public views the body count , how the public would justify it rather . 
   picking up vassal states pffft what you mean puerto rico ? 
  i have no idea which state follows our rules outside of our country so decisively ; without political backlash , that you would consider it a `` vassal state . '', 
  we cant even get the germans to shut up about anything we do ... but you know what i would n't have it any other way . 
  faceplam all you literately have to do is [ google ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=when+can+a+u.s.+police+officer+fire+his+weapon ) , you probably want the top link tho its a bit outdated . 
  ( 1970 's i think ) when it comes to bills everything is viewable [ online ] ( http://www.gop.gov/bills-by-congress/ ) . 
  you can even watch the [ senate ] ( http://www.senate.gov/floor/index.htm ), 
  i imagine this is why they hate [ copyright ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tk862bbjwx4 ) and i agree with them on this . 
  at least you 're not in ohio . 
  you know , the place so bad all of us become astronauts to get as far away as possible . 
   3 ) another friend that owns a bank why not create the bank ... ... sure they might tax it but banks are mostly safe businesses . 
  very few of them do fail and the profit margin would be huge . 
   the absence of the usa is perhaps the most weird of all , considering tax evasion is a national sport there among the millionaires + . 
  this i mean come on , just trump name please . 
  tho i doubt it would affect those wanting to vote for him . 
  how would you eliminate them ? 
  they are facilitated by laws made in that country . 
  sure international pressure could make them change , but nothing would be certain . 
  unless you control that countries law making process ; i see no real way of stopping this ... tho my knowledge of how the international community handles these things is limited . 
  agreed fuck west europe !, 
  huzzah eastern european alliance !, 
   last time i checked the numbers , something like 85 % + of the population want federal background checks this does not matter . 
  background checks are good and all but it diverts from the real problem , third party sales . 
  in most states its legal to just sell your gun on the street . 
  `` oh hello there questionable individual would you like a gun , with no federal checks required . 
  buy one now and get your second one free ! '',
