  you 're just sore do n't make up facts . 
  here 's a guide , the internet is the infrastructure needed for the world wide web . 
  cables , servers , any piece of hardware required for connectivity or sending/receiving out the signals tcp and ip mainly . 
  the world wide web is most likely what your trying to claim , the work done at cern . 
  however depending on how you view the creators of html nationality , depends which country created that . 
  also depends if you believe that without html another way would have been achieved . 
  did n't explain that , twas simply providing a solution to what i thought was a problem ? 
  apologize . 
  half the money attained by that case tho however went into emissions research . 
  a much better use of that money . 
  say what you will about us being protectionist ; but at least that money goes toward something useful as a result . 
  second , your [ tariff rates ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/docs/2015/january/tradoc_152998.1%20trade%20in%20goods%20and%20customs%20tariffs.pdf ) ( on cars specifically , you charge 10 % we 2.5 % ) seems to say otherwise to your claim . 
  americans look at these rates and based on that info , their mistrust of eu practices is not completely misplaced . 
  same with the eu and our tech giants . 
  seems almost everyday france is trying to make some demand about the internet . 
  could say bluetooth wireless headsets still be used ? 
  tbh i 'd be shocked if the republican party survives after this election . 
  bernie despite not winning the nomination ; shows that a third party is also possible . 
  the dissatisfaction , or the lacking of the democrats initiative of not doing enough . 
  if the possibilities of new or multiple parties is gon na happen , it will be a few elections after this one . 
  several of my friends who are libertarian , are convinced that the republican party is finished and the libertarian party will spring up out of the ashes . 
   pledge the allegiance to the flag do n't know how many times we have to explain this but no . 
  as an atheist i specifically never pledge , nor was i forced too . 
  religion is slowly become european style tolerated , its just generational . 
  another problem seems to be misinformation every christian will say `` we are a christian nation , the founding fathers were christian . '', 
  then i have to correct them . 
  no that was in fact , not the case . 
  one even cut up and made his own bible . 
  [ vice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucqecsnqe6g ) did a video about it , specifically the ending of the video is the result i want to covey . 
   you probably have n't heard or wo n't admit to it , but nasa has been using russia as space taxi service for years now . 
  how would you add spacex in this ? 
  its not nasa but the us is getting closer to private sectors ( congress allowing space mining rights for example ) . 
  with spacex 's achievements already , do you see the company ( or companies ) changing the game enough for them to drop russia 's rockets ? 
  should just leave the bases tomorrow , without telling anyone in the turkish government . 
  leave nothing , say nothing , just leave . 
  they 've proven too unreliable and untrustworthy to stay , any new effort to repair relations will just be wasted . 
  better then giving them the chance to use the people living on the base as political hostages . 
  `` reports out of turkey suggest all entrances to the air base have been blocked by heavy vehicles and police sent to secure its peremiter . '', 
  `` the unusual nigh-time move sparked rumours of a second coup attempt on turkish social media , with concerned citizens rushing to the air base to join the blockade . '', 
  `` it states ` riot police ' and armed vehicles have ` taken precautions ' around the base . '', 
  `` several of the aircraft used by coup forces during the failed uprising flew out of the incirlik air base , which then had its power supply cut off for several weeks . '', 
  ^ this is odd ... feel like they should mention this first , not at the very bottom of the article . 
   `` making the world safe for democracy '' ? 
  pfft fat fucking chance , you try it for couple of decades yea ? 
  let us know how you do . 
  think its bad now wait till there 's no oil in the region , or its not profitable anymore ... : s, 
  false ; they would at least take the time to write a strongly written letter , then send it by carrier pidgin . 
  hoping that by the time it got there the war would be over . 
  the hero this city needs !, 
  are you fucking kidding me ... ... . . you pm is known for not waiting to pick a side , until the public supports it . 
  take into account that during war time you would only have 2 days worth of supplies . 
  you also could not fight a war , with riots happening in the streets at the same time . 
  think about which side ( she | they ) would pick . 
  in terms of nato itself germany has constantly stopped the us from moving its bases to poland , yet public complains we wont move ours . 
  germany 's commitment to nato is as worthless as the paper it was written on . 
  tho with inflation , paper might be more expensive actually . 
  pfft should just ally with russia and china . 
  if russia is just a mafia state , all we will have to do is buy them . 
  easier then dealing with all this `` we 're united under the eu '' but wont federalize bullshit . 
  china is our main economic partner , throughout history this usually brings an alliance . 
  which is odd that it has n't for us ... 
   contradiction right away . 
  your right why even give nato countries a slim chance of hope that help will come ? 
  just break the head off now . 
  right cause your government does n't fucking flip flop all the time . 
   i 'm not actually sure you realize how important is europe for us economy i 'm not actually sure you realize how important us is for eu military . 
  two can play this game . 
   it 's not like the other members would n't fully mobilize in the face of a serious threat . 
  what guarantee do you have of this ? 
  if they do n't meet the 2 % spending why would they feel obligation to defend others ? 
  also why only spend the 2 % when war actually breaks out ? 
  do you have any idea how long it takes to militarize ? 
  by the time you get tanks rolling off the line , the war would be over . 
  great for you ... but fuck us right ... the ones who had been prepared for it since nato 's founding . 
  do you not see the failed logic in continuing this thought process ? 
  you guys just focus on africa instead right ? 
  gotcha , just making sure . 
  turkey is incredibly unstable right now ... with everyone being detained its possible a second coup might start ; nobody like seeing their friends/family locked up . 
   the u.s ( and the turkish government ) would never let those weapons fall into '' enemy '' hands . 
  turkey is now accusing the u.s. of being in on the coup . 
  only reasonable option is to remove them , if they do n't want to be friends why have them in our nuclear umbrella ; with our guidance systems , weapons , and other technologies . 
  nato was the only thing that saved them after shooting down that russian jet , show them what its like without that guarantee of protection . 
  any news on our troops in turkey ? 
  turkey 's neighbors seem more inclined to answer that , as i do n't know much about turkey before his term . 
  turkey rarely pops up in media here , unless its something about isis , oil , eu , or refugees . 
  i think that 's a bit unfair considering how unstable the country has been in the last few years . 
  no one can call you a friend in public when your policies can instantly do a 180 . 
  when governments make those kind of statements they have to act on them or lose credibility . 
  so they do n't partially out of fear , public outcry , or simply not wanting to be dragged into another countries problem / war . 
   it is absurd that the us and canada are allowed to treat eu member states differently . 
  what would happen if the eu were to start demanding visas for texans and louisianians ? 
  eu isnt a single country , till then stfu about it . 
  federalize or dont its completely up to you . 
  every country will be treated differently because you are not one country . 
  you want all the benefits of being a united country , without actually being one . 
  `` in the basic human needs dimension , united states performs best on nutrition and basic medical care and has most opportunity to improve on the personal safety component . 
  in the foundations of wellbeing dimension , united states scores highest on access to basic knowledge but lags on the health and wellness component . 
  in the opportunity dimension , united states is strongest on access to advanced education and has the most room to improve on tolerance and inclusion . '', 
  sometimes i 'd wish we would just nuke ourselves ffs . 
  almost not even in the top 20 .
