  what do you think about people protesting using communist flags like crimea for example ? 
  if communists hate him why unify under him ? 
  lol right we gave him all those soviet t-72 's to test our abrams in a real combat situation xd - also might want to watch ( if you have netflix ) `` the world without us '' explains what would happen if the u.s. when isolationist . 
  though as clear american bias you might not want to watch it . -, 
  might want to look at kuwait , they are protected have no military and are extremely rich all due to u.s. intervention . 
  not to mention we actually pay for the oil , which is why they get a bunch of free stuff if your a member of the country . 
  u.s. does war games with many possibilities from aliens to zombies and even an invasion of uk . 
  if an alien invasion happens your welcome . 
  not to mention how retarded a country would have to be to invade . 
  everyone remembers stalingrad but thats because u.s.a. has never been in modern times invaded . 
  imagine trying to clear a city , madness . 
  in every apartment complex there would be at least one firearm room to room clearing would be nearly impossible . 
  so as an american how much does this cost and who can i contact for one ? 
  plz the eurofighter is good and you can easily get leopard ii 's that handles your main euro dogfighter and battle tank . 
  if anything europe would probably buy other things from the surrounding area ur just being lazy and assume everything military wise means money for the u.s. its has nothing to do with arm sales as much as the fact barely any euros in nato meet the 2 % gdp requirement . 
  we have only been complaining about for awhile now , and threatened to leave nato over it . 
  we cant help you if you dont at least try to help yourself . 
  kinda ensures that only the u.s. can use them due to the fuel required . 
  depends are these merv 's ? 
  ( multi - warheads ), 
  keep in mind teleportation technology has n't been developed yet . 
  most european countries probably would not be able to respond as quickly as you would like . 
  your best hope would be the uk / usa forces due to transportation logistics ability and maybe the french depending where their carrier is . 
  when they say `` we invented democracy '' they are talking about the winner take all system , not the parliament idea . 
  to us the fact you guys dont choose the leader is maddening to us . 
  yay us paying more of the bill -_-, 
  [ vietnam lighters ] ( http://www.funkhaus.us/wordpress/wp-content/uploads/lighters.jpg ) `` bury me face down so the whole world can kiss my ass . '', 
  seems to be the common one , not to mention america 's attitude after that war . 
  surly there must be a world record involving that somewhere ? 
  human nature says otherwise and unfortunately nature doesnt care what europe or anyone else wants . 
  shhhh u , im trying to negotiate here . 
  only if europe doesnt complain at us to join next time a world war starts deal ? 
  fuck that , from what i 've seen of europe i think we should leave nato . 
  bout time you wasted your own blood and treasure . 
  not even good quality most disappoint . 
  how [ america ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l1b1semnyx0 ) really is , and how [ russia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjncr7derhu ) really is . 
  can they use this gold to pay debt ? 
  fuck it leave europe . 
  how long on average does it take for stuff like this to be returned ? 
  lol this is simply priceless , quite the most hilarious thing in terms of sanctions . 
  at this point cant rly say im surprised , it was bound to happen . 
  quite unfortunate . 
  it should be noted that today the us announced today that it would voluntarily give up control of the internet but fuck us right . 
  the drone has a bomb inside it  waiting to be set off when high ranking military advisers are near it . 
  please we dont need to `` pay '' protesters your stocks are getting bitch smacked by the invisible hand of the economy . 
  all that money raised from sochi is already gone , now it 's just eating away at whats left have fun eating stale bread . 
  a vote where they either join russia now or later , some totally fair vote right ;d, 
  why leaving the bases would just be costing money . 
  leaving the bases also forces them to act on their own , if we leave them they would just keep complaining . 
  they complain if we help or if we dont , so dont give them the chance . 
  no the british tried capturing all the colonies cities , they were used to european warfare and the world still is to this sense . 
  no conventional army can win against insurgents . 
  * 1 ) leave nato * 2 ) leave un * 3 ) pull all military forces back * 4 ) annex canada ( so britain cant use them to spy ) * 5 ) cut all communications with outside except trade ( pull a north korea basically ) * 6 ) watch the world guess at wtf we 're doing ( if they dont already ) * 7 ) isolationism achieved, 
  we wont have to get involved france + germany alone could kill russia we can stay on our island and let them deal with it . 
  have you seen the way she speaks id say yes . 
  you got ta take war like the romans when fighting hannibal or americans during the american revolutionary war . 
  you only lose when you accepted that you 've lost . 
  taking all cities does n't mean a victory anymore , why should it suddenly be the case now ? 
  meh cold wars over lift the embargo, 
  is this ukraine fling having an effect on the trips there ? 
  no hidden remarks things said under their breath etc or is it generally nothing has changed ? 
   russia should use its special forces within the borders of the united states to fuel instability and separatism . 
  maybe not this but the isolationism is becoming true, 
  what if the socks get/are dirty ? 
  * let me help you * `` by choking on the plastics made in china '' there :3, 
  not to mention using unmarked troops in a country violates the geneva convention . 
  why the american flag ( on the far left ) if they are protesting in front of a russian embassy ? 
   at the end even , europe does n't have to fuck itself other . 
  make ** let the invisible hand of the market bitch slap the ruble ** and the moscow exchange every couple of weeks for the next few months . 
  that made me smile you get a like for your creativeness . 
  i kinda wish we would just start trading the things we agree on right now , and solve this later so we can at least get some goods and currency flowing through the atlantic , surly problems will work themselves out . 
  can someone explain if everything must be set before we start ttip ? 
  or can we just start trading now ? 
  will you close the port if we throw it out dressed in authentic native american gear ( again ? ), 
  we are not planing on fighting you . 
  the ttip helps both sides of the atlantic , not to mention helps shake off our reliability on china . 
  i would also remind that their economy is n't tanking because of america but the whole world watching them . 
  in america we only have ice tea and coffee ( favored dirty water ) , ik how you feels  _ , 
  what does he mean by we ? 
  poland many countries just might invest in u now , seeing as russian economy is starting to die . 
  and if america loses the the world gets nuked anyway because we 're sore losers ( if we cant have the world , no one can * pushes button * ) : l, 
  nope nope nope no no no no no no no ( gets draft card ) sob !, 
  try and keep us out of this would you : l, 
  u.s.a. has some military parades on holidays ( be they foreign or domestic ) some examples of domestic are 4th of july & veteran 's day / [ memorial day ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mxrh1zklwfs ) skip to 006:54 . one foreign one i saw the u.s. parade in was russia 's anniversary to what they call `` the patriotic war '' wwii etc etc. 
  however i believe the u.s. uses drill rifles , sabers , instruments , or just march / carry flags depending on which platoon is involved or the occasion . 
  dont forget the pots and pans, 
  is to to late to become isolationist ? 
  no no no no no no no no and for the last time no . 
  i wish you would the u.s. is tired of the e.u. 
  not doing anything in its own backyard . 
  we want you guys to handle this , do what needs to be done in your best opinions . 
  isolationist america the time is now , the world must handle its own problems !, 
  [ america first !, 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/america_first_committee ) isolationist america is best america !, 
  isolationist is the way to go other then trade , nothing else america is tired of the world . 
  no one thought the u.s.a. would work either look now 238 yrs later . 
  the eu can rival my country id be worried if not for being allies . 
  every country has its bad beginning , it 's what they do that shapes and forums them to be what they are going to be and their role in the world . 
  good all part of the plan ( joking aside ) no we are tired of that role its your problem now . 
  but not having the time to learn how to use it doesnt make it a monopoly ( also i believe bill gates tried to buy google , but was shut down by the u.s.
