  they are fucking americans if they want to be . 
  from the bottom of my german/irish ancestry heart and the baughman sirname from the rhine , fuck you . 
  you mean europe in general ? 
  america is stereotyped as being fat and lazy . 
  europe 's is being the bitchy kid no one wants to hang out with , because no matter where you take him he finds something to complain at . 
  this point i 'm beginning to like russia more and nato less -_-, 
  now you know how being an american feels  : l, 
  rather sit back on our island isolationism was the best we didnt have to do shit  : l, 
  in other words you get down voted to hell for being nationalistic and brainwashed would you like some hypno glasses . 
  basically american soldier shot = pearl harbor like feelings = public outrage = every factory militarizes and we pump out enough military hardware for infinity and i get drafted . 
  should leave it now , 650bill would do wonders here leave the world to it 's own devices and just sit back on our island with canada . 
  * you * `` my culture '' * him * `` mua heritage d : '' ftfy, 
  greenland or crimea which ever one you pick the u.s. get the other make your choice * rubs hands together evilly *, 
  been a lot of these circlejerk topics lately ... for every time im reminded that the world does n't care about u.s. i see one of these topics , i just want them to make up their minds . 
  [ -- ] mkvgtired 3 points 6 hours ago  imagine what a united eu and russia would have become . 
  no wonder the usa wants to create a permanent rift . 
  the us wants to move military capability out of europe , and was engaging russia in free trade agreements prior to crimea . 
  russia is the party that opposes integration , not the us . 
  look at how they treat old satellite states when they move closer to the eu . 
  if you think the us caused russia 's recent actions , its not even worth speaking to you further about it . 
  na wait till an american comes in talking about how we should leave nato , because only 4 countries ( last i looked ) meet the requirements . 
  [ may not be perfect but it 's a start ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/science/environment/algae-converted-crude-oil-less-hour-energy-department-says-f2d11762083 ), 
  so let me get this clear ...  us stops supporting saudi arabia , al-qaeda and other terrorists and trying to instigate fights with russia so you want u.s. to fight a nuclear power and how does that help the world 's situation ? 
  as someone from the u.s. you would totally agree , join u.s. the hivemind is waiting . 
  [ russia do you want freedom , cause thats how you get freedom ? 
  ] ( http://cdn.memegenerator.net/instances/250x250/47506934.jpg ), 
  if any time murica fuck yea would be acceptable , i guess its below that . 
  english civil war cavaliers vs roundheads , war of the roses ends with the tudors ( york should have won ) , i like tea more then coffee i say mum instead of mom there english history im british now . 
  im not going to go out of my way and write a half page paper like some of these posts explaining how things work . 
  american culture is everywhere you can be a big boy and google , all im seeing in this topic is some of that pompous european entitlement . 
  if a foreigner was to stop me on the streets asking something i would help the best i could but i would not waste 4hrs doing so i 've kinda got things to do . 
  this is why we like the uk , mainland europe we should avoid whenever possible . 
  238 not even close to 500 or compared to europes . 
  we dont even have castles : c, 
  su-47 or ... which one ? 
  even if the plane isnt that good the helmet thats resulted from the project would be wat i would destroy first if shot down . 
  its amazing , like a touch pad and virtual reality helmet in one . 
  rumored to lock on to planes just by the pilot looking at it and even night vision and tracking planes under his cockpit . 
  wat if me as an american have english , irish , and german heritage . 
  while i do speak english , its not ( uk english with all their u 's etc ) and while i have german elements in my name , live in a state where the primary culture was german ( ohio ) am i not german ? 
  should i not celebrate saint patrick 's day with my grandmother 's side of the family ; a holiday which was started to make irish immigrates feel more comfortable ? 
  where do you draw the line when discussing these ideals of heritage ? 
  i would n't worry about it europe 's been questioning for 238 years , if they do n't get by now how we do things they never will . 
  carthage true empire !, 
  nato should be dead , america should be isolationist and we should have left after wwii it simply drains to much blood and treasure for a people unwilling and hateful for us to be there . 
  starving does n't not equal fighting to the death . 
  only zealots/fanatics continue fighting when a war is hopeless in the eyes of common man . 
  ussr during wwii is a perfect example the common man retreated while nkvd shot them , in the beginning anyway when it looked like they were going to lose . 
  it 's basic intelligence if i dont have the supplies to inflict more damage then they can do to me , regroup for a day that i can . 
  starving is one thing , ammunition is another and spears can only be thrown so far . 
  economy is needed for war , without it russia would not be able to sustain one . 
  even if war does come , whats the limit on how much an army would starve/no ammunition etc before it just gave up ? 
  f-35 advanced thats the first ive heard of that , as far as i have heard its junk  _ , 
  id stick with the eurofighter personally , your going to need more `` turn n burn '' ( dogfighters ) then stealth air to ground . 
  [ 3 reasons why we shouldnt ] ( http://imgur.com/a/xoroo ), 
  just wait an omegaco is coming to a city near you :d, 
  the only problem with that theory is if we wanted to end his party , we would have done it by now . 
  nato has something like 70 % of the world military gdp . 
  if military was n't an option think about what 70 % or even 30 % gdp could get for rebel groups . 
  hell someone in the soviet territories must want him dead . 
  ~ and im not even the god of tits and wine . 
  national guard ( all or most states have national guard ) has abrams tanks . 
  oh ur right sorry i was n't aware collecting money for ~ ~ universal defense ~ ~ usa defense ( because lets face it , no one else will come save you ) and complaining when it was n't being paid was in the being a dick rule book ( page 5 article 3 ) who knew ? 
  you have got to be fucking joking . 
  europe buys more oil from the middle east then usa does , yet doesnt want to pay for stability or keeping its sea lanes open . 
  you see it as a business partner and want to have trade talks which requires intervention which equals stability to stop them from killing each other ( as they are in a bad neighborhood ) . 
  europe is more muslimphobic then the u.s. by a huge margin effectively putting them in ghettos some not even able to get citizenship ( you have to have blood relatives to be a citizen ) the most stupid immigration policy ever , basically giving them second class citizenship even going as far to classify some of their cloths as offensive . 
  sorry but europe as far as i care in this field of policy can eat a large foot sized grain of salt . 
  it kinda does , the internet is an american invention why should they feel entitled to have our technology when they do n't on purpose pay part of maintaining a military alliance . 
  i see it more of your roommate is n't paying his part of the rent and asking for your expensive car to use during the weekend to blow his part of the rent money . 
  we are bankrupting ourselves paying for their defense , either they pay of we cut all ties and leave . 
  nato is a failed alliance and should be disbanded and all military treaties except for the countries who paid their agreed goal should be cut . 
  maybe when you guys start to pay your part of nato then youll get nice things  _ , 
  whats the probability that its real ? 
  i cant imagine them getting caught this easy . 
  [ murica ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tph5l8zctsk&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
  so a russian whos anti russian pretending to be a murica ? 
  putins going to hav a field day . 
  have you tried space worked out well for poland . 
  after all the eu is starting to get into space quite a bit lately at the very least you could help with research . 
  maybe the eu could build its own international space station just with countries in the eu instead of the world . 
  tempting would we get the healthcare if divided our military spending in half for it ? 
  ** edit : ** now that i think of it never mind the 51st state idea the amount we would have to spend adjusting our flags would be absurd . 
  we will make poland the zergs of the east !, 
  outnumber the rus 's !, 
  swarm them !, 
  he 's an american citizen he 's allowed to in fact we all have tanks , just like how everyone in europe owns castles  _ , 
  or you know you guys could always become the 51st state btw where did that idea even come from ? 
  agree isolationism = best america, 
  in my response burned their parliament build first . 
  and tbh we hated britain at the time more , as canada didnt actually steal our sailors . 
  yes as a canadian from the providence of ohio , i conclude its absolutely free without a doubt . 
  you fool how are we going to pay for our free healthcare and the most expensive military on the planet . 
  madness i tell you . 
  ya but now my paycheck is significantly less : c, 
  only if i can bring a large noticeable amount of cocaine with me and shake hands with the don . 
  damn well good thing nothings changed : l, 
  a brilliant plain why did n't my country think of it ? 
  toppling governments use to be our thing ? 
  you honestly have no one to blame but yourselves , : l after all russia is give us plenty of things to film .
