  it would also help to know when , after all at the beginning we did n't know who did it . 
  at the time it could have been anything from a accident to another country attacking . 
  shocking ik but when a country that practices war games for every scenario ( everything from aliens to zombies ) gets attacked , we kinda assume worst case scenario . 
  christan reformation part ii : martain strikes back !, 
  because all the germans we had in pow camps in the us . 
  not to mention having a country founded by white men ; empowered their ethos , and the continuation of the south 's refusal to accept they lost the civil war . 
  at least france paid for the supplies we shipped . 
  which is what we should do , our protection should come at a price for europe 's negligence . 
  its not our empire we are protecting , its theirs . 
  all while they constantly complain about our foreign policy . 
  the same foreign policy which builds the bases and rotates the troops that stay in em . 
  are we helping by buying stuff from stores nearby ? 
  tho im still not sure , i keep seeing 1 brit was involved . 
  guys calm down he probably just does n't want the whole `` we saved europe '' shit flaring up . 
  the guy who handles the tickets on the train asked them to watch him . 
  he was in the bathroom for a very long time . 
  either putting the bullets into the magazines or putting the ak together . 
  the marines knowing this noise put two and two together . 
  are you claiming americans are intelligent , seriously ur destroying the stereotype ... 
  japan has territorial disputes with china , if we leave they will build nukes to deal with china . 
  germany has an army ( if we wan na move the bases from there i 'd be fine with that ) . 
  south korea should n't be included because 1 . ), 
  war never ended , and 2 . ), 
  if war ever breaks out all of south korea 's army comes under direct us control . 
  its the only place where us troops actually need to be . 
  and do tell where this money will be acquired from to build/maintain these bases ... 
   the us is the wealthiest nation in the history of mankind . 
  doesnt the eu collectively have more tho also higher population to which it could tax ? 
  not to mention possible superpower status, 
   it would n't surprise me if the us decide to whisper in the ears of a few turkish military commanders and sponsor a coup . 
  i dont see this happening , nato would lose just as much credibility if not more , then if the u.s. did nothing when russia attacked . 
  the real question is if we should let ukraine have access to our military surplus ... hmmm : l, 
   mismanaged scientist support is often the reason highly talented people relocate to the usa , which in turn historically granted them access to brains that created many of the advanced weaponry of today . 
  but last i recall the usa isnt even in the top 3 or 5 of most research , last i looked finland was 1st . 
  why does no one else relocate to those countries and why is the usa considered as high on the podium as it is ? 
  we are hardly even in the top scores of countries ranking in science and math . 
  its kinda hard for wwii to not be labeled as good vs evil , it has all the makings of a disney movie . 
  however its the closest that something labeled as true evil could have won . 
  [ political theory - karl marx ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsqgcy_iicc&amp;list=flgjlq2olkynzjrgixagthkq&amp;index=4 ), 
   oh and were still paying back america , something which really pisses a lot of people off . 
  hmm i could hav sworn you guys already paid it back ? 
  this could be a legitimate argument tho . 
  as some see wwii as the conclusion of wwi . 
  depends how you want to view the timeline . 
  to be fair it was hard not to be , after all how many times has someone considered evil had the power to almost win ? 
  it 's very different to our `` happy ever after '' endings we are used to . 
  [ the lost world of communism ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3dfdkjhgt3k ) in one of these series it mentions the marshal plan option being offered to what would be future warsaw pact counties , then commiecon was formed . 
  [ if all else fails ] ( http://robobees.seas.harvard.edu/ ), 
  so russain bees are the answer , sense the u.s. has small genetic material for bees to work ; with only 7 sub species ? 
  or should the us and europe trade/breed bees to adapt to both continents ? 
  did you ever deal with [ wax moths ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gu705dhe6zy ), 
  if you are serious tho / r/beekeeping / is a good place to start . 
  we do n't , nukes are the only thing stopping them from being labeled as a 3rd world country of europe . 
  we give more thought about mexico 's state of affairs then russia 's . 
  i agree the pound is extremely strong when measured against other currencies , were as the euro seems to depend on germany 's mood . 
   9/11 is a saudi plot i never understood this , im pretty sure it was done to keep us out of the middle east but instead backfired ? 
  why did they think it would have worked . 
  spoiler : so has the eu . 
   take your hypocrisy elsewhere . 
  thing is about hypocrisy is everyone has it including me and you . 
  thing is about iran in particular was , it was a british plan . 
  suez canal is another one along with yugoslavia all of with bear eu 's responsibility or inability to act . 
  now with the immigration crisis you 're having we 'll see your dirty side yet again eu . 
  by all means tho , get off your high horse the stench of crap coming out of its rear end is dreadful . 
  is there a scale or graph on preferable governments for comparison ? 
  is a democracy  technocracy for example ? 
  can you imagine if they were voting on to send reinforcements , and which countries battalion to send . 
  they would be dead before they 'd get there . 
  are they not forming their own eu style system called the au ? 
  `` the austrian authorities were very helpful in resolving this issue , '' westover said . 
  all that needs to be said ; everything was sorted out with maybe a little inconvenience on the marines end , but that 's why paperwork is important . 
  but even with auto you should fire in bursts anyway . 
  which is why if i recall u.s. and russia wont sign , because they are mostly anti heavy armor weapons . 
  made to take out entire tank columns . 
  there was a link in a post once about the percentages of each countries population willing to fight . 
  one comment that stuck out to me was , `` only 46 % of u.s. is willing to fight , come on you guys are made to be our soldiers . '', 
  or something along these lines . 
  ik he was joking , but i mean is it the world that projects our image , or is it ourselves ? 
  the world constantly calls us the `` world police '' eventually , we 're going to believe it because the role has be predefined to us right ? 
   and is far more jingoistic . 
  russia is more jingoistic ? 
  everything ik is a lie . 
  wooden boxes with straw and everything , rly ... ... 
  [ yup , sad but true im expecting eu 's angry letter any day now . 
  if u could list a source that would be better . 
  not that i do n't believe you , but to silence future naysayers and give a better wrap up to the ending . 
  drone fires from above comrade ... . [ or crawl and self destruct . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vvblglimgw ), 
  which is why we 're moving to mars :p, 
  k nm seems that that article needs to be updated then : l, 
  just keep a lookout in naples ( pickpocket capital of the world . ), 
  use this - http://france.usembassy.gov/pickpockets.html its about the pickpockets of france but these guidelines work pretty much everywhere . 
  dont stick out , dont speak english everywhere , and for the love of fucking god do n't sign surveys !, 
  ( that 's how they get you , they like to work in pairs ; one distracts you etc ) . 
  friend went to france and they kept asking him if he was american and spoke english , he would get out of it by speaking a bit in german and freaking out a little . 
  also carry thumbtacks in ur pocket and fill a dummy wallet with monopoly money . 
  keep only the amount of money ur willing to lose on you , dont load ur wallet with everything u need for the trip to a store . 
  that 's kinda the thing about civil wars , they do n't want people who could try and break away again , the chance to come back . 
  civil wars are like tiny ideological wars , you try to destroy anything that the other side rallied behind .
