  didnt he get pres by promising to stamp out corruption tho ? 
  while he may be more of a friend to the everyday individual , the people who profited off corruption will surely try to cause friction . 
   i 'm impressed . 
  i 'm not its expected rly , they ran circles around our intelligence services during the cold war . 
  we only got ahead when some of their spies betrayed em . 
  with the cold war over they logically redirected the resources to propaganda . 
  during the roman republic they had an office title of dictator . 
  when the senate was grid locked they would elect someone to have total control ; then eventually they would give up the title . 
  for 500 hundred yrs they did just that , gave power back to the senate . 
  some references https://kids.usa.gov/sites/all/themes/kids/images/three_branches_govt.png https://cdn.goconqr.com/uploads/image_clipping/image/134486/branches.png, 
  by 1865 the union army , which had begun as a replica in miniature of the british army , and the confederate army , which had not existed at all , had grown into the largest and most efficient armies in the world , divided and subdivided into elaborate operational formations and units and comprising every branch of military specialization . 
  though dismissed by european military grandees as amateur and unprofessional , each , but particularly the united states army , out-matched the french , prussian , and the russian in up-to-date experience and , but for the interposing atlantic , would have threatened any of them with defeat . 
  `` the american civil war '' - john keegan not saying i agree with him but there you go , someone at least thinks we could hold em . 
  however europe did make many mistakes the armies of the civil war did ; despite watching it from afar during wwi . 
  if a artist made it there might be a stamp somewhere . 
  well they are kinda too lazy to even breed . 
  friend who works at a zoo says they leave them in the same room all the time , and they still wont breed . 
  they just eat and sleep . 
  pray i do n't alter it further, 
  if darpa wants it , they will get it one way or another ... ... 
  they also forget that us currency is like a mutually beneficial parasite , if we die you 're going with us . 
  that debt will effect the entire world for easily a decade . 
  side note can a country declare war if their satellites are attacked ? 
  im sure the us would , hell half the wars we joined before wwii were about people attacking our ships . 
  10/10 would bomb middle eastern country so obama could make a music video . 
  i thought they kinda just helped the rebels then left after they killed the leader . 
  i would gladly accept russia if they 'd change their ways ... we used to be good friends until wwi . 
   and nato do n't ? 
  ( maybe except annexation ) if by nato you mean us , the last country we annexed was our 50th state . 
  in terms of `` territories '' the philippines were released after wwii . 
  we wont even let puerto rico join to be the 51st state , from what i hear they want to join . 
  50 stars on the flag is iconic and most do n't want to see other states added or created . 
  we may create puppets states every now and then with our money , but they always get released . 
  quite wrong actually / s common sense is a pamphlet written by thomas paine in 1775 -- 76 that inspired people in the thirteen colonies to declare and fight for independence from great britain in the summer of 1776 . 
  the pamphlet explained the advantages of and the need for immediate independence in clear , simple language . 
  it was published anonymously on january 10 , 1776 , at the beginning of the american revolution and became an immediate sensation . 
  it was sold and distributed widely and read aloud at taverns and meeting places . 
  washington had it read to all his troops , which at the time had surrounded the british army in boston . 
  in proportion to the population of the colonies at that time ( 2.5 million ) , it had the largest sale and circulation of any book published in american history . 
  as of 2006 , it remains the all-time best selling american title . 
  not rly in a place to judge considering we actually did drop two on living populations ... 
  we will fight bugs on mars after they attack a unnamed south american country ? 
  or the fact they created software to specifically bypass the testing , hope the epa take billions from em . 
  fuck you vw . 
  maybe in terms of willing to do a military parade ( `` operation dragoon ride '' ) but surely nothing of economics wise like the eu would ? 
  `` not only will america invade your country and kill all your people , but they 'll come back 20 years later and make a movie about how killing your people made their soldiers feel sad '' frankie boyle, 
  poland is not yet lost !, 
  united sovereign auxiliaries emancipated unrivaled republic of peoples everywheres \u2122 usaeurope . 
  do you even know how much ocd would be flared up by adding a 51st star nty , it goes completely against the completion principle . 
  what was the proof ? ... . . 
   morocco/egypt/pakistan / india/oman/south sudan/kenya are all close and willing to play ball with us . 
  morocco - have conflict with other au members egypt - yea that 's what we need after both sides blame us in their arab spring revolution . 
  pakistan - nty only was buddy buddy for the 9/11 aftermath wars . 
  india - probably the only reasonable choice , last i heard tho ; they did n't like us for getting buddy buddy with pakistan . 
   oman/south sudan/kenya no just no . 
   turkey/kurds turkey would use us to attack kurds , and the kurds have no state we could occupy . 
   the us did not invade iraq in 2003 to steal their oil , as is evidenced by where iraqi oil is going today . 
  the invasion after 9/11 into iraq was just to finish the job the gulf war started . 
  it would have been much more profitable to keep saddam in power for the us . 
  thats the point . 
  ** [ enraged american soldiers executed 50 nazis at dachau ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dachau_liberation_reprisals ) ** in a railway siding outside dachau a long line of 39 railway wagons were full of dead bodies - some with their eyes open . 
  one us commander became so hysterical that his own colonel , felix sparks , had to hit him with the butt of his gun to stop him battering more nazis . 
  historians have since concluded that it was probably a war crime , charges were dismissed by general george patton . 
  walenty lenarczyk , a prisoner at dachau stated that following the camp 's liberation `` prisoners swarmed over the wire and grabbed the americans and lifted them to their shoulders ... other prisoners caught the ss men ... 
  the first ss man elbowed one or two prisoners out of his way , but the courage of the prisoners mounted , they knocked them down and nobody could see whether they were stomped or what , but they were killed . '', 
  elsewhere in the camp ss men , kapos and informers were beaten to a pulp with fists , sticks and shovels . 
  there was at least one incident where american troops turned away from two prisoners beating a german guard to death with a shovel , and lieutenant bill walsh witnessed one such beating . 
  another soldier witnessed an inmate stomping on an ss trooper 's face until `` there was n't much left . '', 
  when the soldier said to him , `` you 've got a lot of hate in your heart , '' he simply nodded . 
  an american chaplain was told by three young jewish men , who had left the camp during liberation , that they had beaten to death one of the more sadistic ss guards when they discovered him hiding in a barn and dressed as a peasant . 
  ** aftermath of the 1944 malmedy massacre ** in the aftermath of the 1944 malmedy massacre , in which 80 american pows were murdered by their german captors , a written order from the headquarters of the 328th u.s. army infantry regiment , dated 21 december 1944 , stated : `` no ss troops or paratroopers will be taken prisoner but [ rather they ] will be shot on sight . 
  `` major-general raymond hufft ( u.s. army ) gave instructions to his troops not to take prisoners when they crossed the rhine in 1945 . 
  `` after the war , when he reflected on the war crimes he authorized , he admitted , ` if the germans had won , i would have been on trial at nuremberg instead of them . ', 
  `` stephen ambrose related : `` i 've interviewed well over 1000 combat veterans . 
  only one of them said he shot a prisoner ... perhaps as many as one-third of the veterans ... however , related incidents in which they saw other gis shooting unarmed german prisoners who had their hands up . '', 
  near the french village of audouville-la-hubert , 30 german wehrmacht prisoners were massacred by u.s. paratroopers . 
  this is not including all the rapes and others which may have happened . 
  here 's the wiki for the [ united states ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_war_crimes ) . 
  not something to use on a history paper , its wiki after all . 
  it is however a start if you want to learn more . 
  when someone who has access to vast amounts of information , but is unwilling to search for it , yes . 
  ffs just watch a [ video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kibkoop4aye ), 
  we do n't give a shit because every time we intervene we 're imperialists , fascists , the military industrial complex , etc etc etc. 
  this is the eu 's problem not ours its in your backyard . 
  petition to your own governments if you want more done . 
  if french and german arent ready to die protecting sweden or finland against russia , then i dont see how this would work . 
  \\ - u.s. 
   i do n't believe that trump could do that alone . 
  he would n't be alone . 
  its one of the few points that most americans , even hillery supporters like about him . 
  people are tired of war and dying/protecting/guarding unthankful people . 
  who not need them nor want them there . 
  isolationism is on the rise and not going away , it will only continue to grow from here . 
   because we lack lifeless cold climate ~ ~ soil ~ ~ oil . 
   it seems militarily irrelevant . 
  it is to us , very few countries even have the navy/logistics support to even attack us , let alone supply any forces that land . 
   additionally , the internet was a group effort . 
  bullshit it was completely funded by us military spending . 
  pfft if europe made it france 's outrageous internet demands would n't be laughed at . 
  europe would be the place all the servers are stored , not the us .
