  these are programs that are identical to * gzip * and * bzip2 * , but they will be faster on multi-core machines . 
  ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.avast.android.mobilesecurity ) has an antitheft solution that 's basically a separate app . 
  it 's almost completely invisible , and if it 's installed in your system partition , it 'll stay even after a system wipe ( mounting / system as rw requires you to be root ) . 
  it works with sms messages , and there are many commands . 
  you can lock the device which will display your contact information on the screen , or you can request a silent location update - etc. 
  whenever a new sim card is inserted , the phone will send an sms to a preconfigured number , so you 'll know the number that 's being used in your phone right away . 
  impressive !, 
  who needs to jam when you 've got a metronome ? 
  both cameras and the human eye have a much shallower depth of field when focusing on nearby objects . 
  by mimicing a shallow depth of field , you are creating an involuntary perception of being close to the object in the frame . 
  you 're very close to it , therefore the 830m tall tower must be really tiny . 
  it 's a great illusion . 
  renaming could be done with any file manager , like [ total commander ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.ghisler.android.totalcommander ) . 
  what do you mean by resizing ? 
  you can crop the picture with the gallery app . 
  i do n't see why you 'd want to resize the image while it 's in the device . 
  searching for * lanczos * on google play brought up this : [ resize lite ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=jp.nsystem.resize_lite ), 
  it should do what you want , others will probably work as well . 
  as far as i know this feature is generally left out of the basic android image apps ; at least you ca n't access it via the user interface . 
  no , you need a third , separate amplifier channel for the center speaker . 
  ( not left + right , but center , as the two are n't the same ), 
  it wo n't improve anything that is n't 5.1 to begin with personally , i 'd go with surround speakers first . 
  make a folder in user b 's home directory , and make it writable by user a. 
  so then :, 
  scp / pathto/file usera@remote:/home/userb/pathinhome, 
  is this not feasible ? 
  is the home directory encrypted ? 
  copying in kde/dolphin is a unique experience , i 've never seen anything like it on any other os . 
  basically , instead of getting a dialog window with a progress bar , you get a notification icon in the system tray that acts as a progress indicator , and clicking on it shows more info about the transfer , like a transfer rate vs time chart . 
  it 's cool as it generally stays out of your way , but you still have control over it . 
  right now i ca n't check how it works with network mounts , but i copied stuff using ftp and i did n't notice any problems . 
  * / r/southpaws represent !, 
  who made this ? 
  computer outputs have headphone amplifiers designed to work with  16 ohm loads at low voltages , with very low power output ( miliwatts ) . 
  their output impedance is also usually rather high ( ~ 100 ohms ) . 
  speakers are usually around 8 ohm impedance , so you 'd be overloading the amp , and you risk damaging it . 
  the output voltage of the amp is very small to begin with , and it is further reduced by ~ 90 % because it has a high output impedance , driving a low impedance load . 
  you would n't hear much , and what would come out would be very distorted . 
  either get a used stero hi-fi receiver at a garage sale , or buy small cheap d-class amp , like a lepai . 
  just wanted to know if this was n't a repost  hats off to you . 
  + / u/bitcointip 7 internets verify, 
  i 'd avoid digital . 
  you get better noise performance and bandwidth at the cost of timing errors . 
  i do n't see how you could sync the dac of the sub to the rest of the system . 
   possibly a better way of doing it, 
  i 'm just wondering if there really is . 
  i see an alternative starting with ` ls ` , but that would certainly be worse , not better . 
  what i 'd really like is if they just fixed hm1 so i can play it . 
  it does n't work at all with amd cards on linux . 
  i guess they 're working on it , but there 's very little activity on their part . 
  it was part of the humble bundle , where a native port was claimed . 
  it 's also on steam , but its not listed for some reason . 
  thanks , but that 's where i get a segfault . 
  those axes are n't labeled . 
  whenever he flexed i was expecting his arms to burst . 
  how do you pre-process a photograph ? 
  someone 's probably editing shots on their notebook screens . 
  i guess it must look realistic there . 
  while there are distros available for arm based computers , windows rt devices are * explicitly * designed * not * to be able to run linux , or any other free operating system . 
  unless you find a way to pry open the bootloader , only kernel images approved by the overlords themselves will be allowed to boot the device . 
  in other words , you do not own that piece of equipment , it does not belong to you . 
  run it through a compressor to make it stand out . 
  then compress it a little more . 
  it 's 2013 , people !, 
  who are we trying to kid ? 
  f0 * 2 ^ ( n/12 ) where n is the number of semitones , f0 is the base frequency . 
  n can be both positive and negative . 
  it 's the same thing with a different name and better voice/video compatibility . 
  you might as well replace the icon instead . 
  is your display profiled ? 
  there are two types of icc output profiles : matrix based , and lut based . 
  adobe 's color engine uses the lut profile if possible , which may or may not include black point compensation - apart from that , the adobe color engine does its own black point compensation even with matrix profiles . 
  the image viewing programs are using a different color engine that either does n't use the lut based profile , or there 's no lut profile , and they are n't compensating for non-zero monitor blacks . 
  guitar cabinets having 12 '' speakers has little to do with bass response , they are liked because the frequency at which they start to roll off treble sits at a sweet spot , so you get a tone that sounds nice with less equalization . 
  the 10 inch speakers used in bass cabs however are n't scale replicas of the guitar speakers . 
  many parameters ( thiele/small parameters ) differ , like excursion range , that make them more suitable for reproducing bass notes . 
  what browser, 
  you can write two sets of lines in a column , now you have to count 10 's , and it 's faster to draw a line than a dot . 
  i do n't understand what you 're saying . 
  i can use google 's chat with an xmpp client ( telepathy ) without any problems . 
  what have they removed ? 
  and how exactly is this relevant to this thread ? 
  the s4 has a different platform and it is n't even maintained by the same people . 
  this post is about qualcomm/sony being awesome . 
  neither of whom have anything to do with the sgs4, 
  is this the first time you checked that log ? 
  i think this is pretty regular stuff , zombie machines attempting to spread their zombie plague . 
  i do n't have webservers running , but infected machines from around the globe keep knocking on my inbound port 22 . 
  i wonder what would happen if they 'd gotten shell access . 
  where else would you buy torchlight if you wanted to ? 
  so i guess you have one of [ these drivers ] ( http://www.kicker.com/subwoofers ) , and you use one of [ these amps ] ( http://www.hifonics.com/hifonics_amplifiers.html ) , correct ? 
  all right then . 
  do you reckon you could just tell us precisely what equipment you are having trouble with ? 
  the file is n't altered in any way when using replaygain apart from the tag that the scanner adds to it . 
  the player will change the volume during playback ( think of an invisible volume knob ) every time a new track / album comes on . 
  the relative levels within the song ( the dynamics ) are n't affected at all . 
  the standard playback level of 89 dbspl is selected so that you get great dynamic range from most gear ( except for things like laptop speakers ) . 
  24 bit interfaces have so much legroom , that a 16 bit file will not see degradation due to replaygain . 
   if you are like me and shuffle all your music i recommend applying track gain and then setting the `` with rg info '' preamp to +20 db . . 
  it will never raise it above distortion but putting it that high bumps quiet tracks up to 0.0 db output for it 's loudest part,
