  the waffles are upside down . 
  the tab/caps lock buttons should be on the left , and the big block on the right . 
  exactly the way the waffle iron is oriented . 
  whoever photographed this is on my shit list now . 
  it does n't break it , but it does n't improve it either . 
  i think you 're done , but whatever . 
  there are smaller ones . 
  we are carrying computers in our pockets because they are awesome . 
  ( what are you even doing here ? ), 
   seriously , why are we carrying around computers in our pocket ? 
   i own a smart phone, 
  seriously , why are * you * carrying around a computer in your pocket ? 
   screen sizes are getting a bit out of control, 
  they are entirely under control , by market forces . 
  people will pay for bigger screens on pocket computers so that they can do more with them . 
  manufacturers will produce such devices to make moneys . 
  they will also make devices with smaller screens for those who want to use it as a telephone , because that will also land them precious moneys . 
  noone is forcing a 5 '' screen down your throat . 
  i think you wanted to say that android is n't a gnu/linux os . 
  which of course it is not . 
  but fyi you can have the gnu coreutils running on android , with dpkg for package management ( botbrew.com ) that makes it come pretty close to a barebones gnu/linux distro in functionality . 
  i would n't want to buy into a dying format ( optical media ) , only to have to wait for days for the music to arrive in my mail , that would otherwise take 10 minutes to download . 
  unshielded wires in an unshielded cavity ... 
  i hope it does n't buzz too much ( but dear wotan , is it beautiful ! ), 
  not a spacecraft from parts , but i think you could make a planet ( technically another star ) that 's only a ring as far as the model goes , with kerbol as its center . 
  do n't use that word when talking about an apple device, 
  editing your r\u00e9sum\u00e9 with ps ? 
  you must then be touching up your photos with latex, 
  dhcp does more things than giving you an ip , it also gives the computer information about the network topology . 
  it 's better to keep using your dhcp server , and instead of assigning yourself a static ip , set up the dhcp to give your mac the same ip every time ( static lease ) . 
  if you 're using dnsmasq , then add the mac address and the desired ip to your / etc/ethers , or a line containing, 
  to your dnsmasq.conf, 
  when docked , the camera is pointing in the wrong direction . 
  i would 've bought it otherwise, 
  the tablet has a shitty front facing camera , which would be omitted if the phone were docked the other way , giving you a less shitty camera to use for video communication . 
  this way there 's a less shitty camera pointing in a direction it wo n't ever be used . 
  i 've used [ gremote ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.gbmsoftware.gremotepro2 ) since wm6 .5 , and it does a great job . 
  it also doubles as a gamepad / steering wheel for games . 
  why usb3 ? 
  this sounds more like a driver issue than an interface issue . 
   the only difference is in the file size, 
  then go with whichever 's the smallest , 
  ( i think amr < awb < wav , assuming that awb = amr wideband ), 
  what licences ? 
  ffmpeg and/or libav ( whichever is used by vlc ) are foss implementations of codec standards . 
  vlc is a foss player ( lgpl/gplv2 ) . 
  what is there for them to pay ? 
   they have their servers somewhere that they do n't need to, 
  like france ? 
  you 'll need a dac if you want to listen to anything digital . 
  there 's nothing wrong with that chip . 
  the speakers on the other hand ... 
  the recording engineer has nothing to do with the lw . 
  the destruction of dynamics happens at mastering . 
  not kidding at all . 
  without knowing the exact dynamic range numbers , at listening levels my onboard audio interface ( alc888 in a gigabyte board , corsair psu ) produces no audible noise on my speakers . 
  by turning up the volume by a * lot * , i can notice the difference between its noise level vs the noise of the amp ( input shorted , ideally i should put a resistor across the amp input to compare it to the output noise level of my sound card ) , and even then , it sounds completely white . 
  at that level any music is unbearably loud at the distance i 'm at . 
  sure , outboard converters can have a higher measured dynamic range , but to claim that it 's a reasonable investment to buy one in front of a logitech plastic box is outrageous . 
  you should only consider upgrading the converter if you have very , very good speakers , and an amp with a truly low noise level . 
  the 95 % of the first $ 5000 should be spent on the speakers and acoustic treatment imo . 
  it could have something to do with the interview process being in english , and not everyone wanting to join being an english speaker maybe ? 
  type this nearer to the top of your screen and you might get an answer, 
  ( in the address/omnibar ), 
   35 watts/hour, 
   700 watts/hour, 
  you mean watt hours / hour . 
  commonly known as watts . 
  it 's a she actually ( [ more of her photos here ] ( https://secure.flickr.com/photos/35240543@n02/ ) ), 
  do n't use the usb port on the notebook to power the sound card !, 
  you get noise because the usb 's 5v power supply is fluctuating , as it 's derived from the same source that powers the cpu , gpu , the monitor and the rest of the machine . 
  as these components get loaded , the power supply voltages can change . 
  a desktop pc psu might provide adequate usb power ( or not ! ), 
  but a notebook will most certainly not . 
  buy a usb hub that has its own power supply ( a wall wart ) and plug your sound card into that . 
  you can keep using the usb ports on your complter for peripherals and storage devices , but not audio , except if the device has its own separate power source . 
  you may find a usb cable that has an additional connector for power , but they are n't common . 
  there 's a pair of hooks that are attached to the center part which get inserted into the vagina and the anus , and they keep it from falling off . 
  i have no idea why i assumed that you have a notebook . 
  that 's why there are two of them . 
  this kind of thought is what leads to exotic cables . 
  is there anythig obviously wrong with it ? 
  then try to improve on your acoustics , or speakers , or music collection if you want to spend your money . 
  hopefully it will soon be repealed somehow . 
  i 'd be pretty pissed if this were to happen in my country . 
  if the pool exists as a tor hidden service , and you register , and connect to the pool rpc using tor , then there will be no way of identifying you until the coin pops up in a transaction initiated from a machine on the internet using a public ip . 
  ( i do n't know if a hidden pool exists or not , so this is all theoretical ), 
  i survived a raid by shutting the main entrance to my underground fort , and holding out for a few days . 
  on the first day of fall , when 10 new gnomads arrived i 've decided to break out , and rebuilt the stairs to the main gates . 
  at that point the mants were starved and exhausted . 
  my 7-gnome band of fighters had little trouble picking off the bastards one by one , they were so slow . 
  in the end , the headcount was 12 mants vs one of my gnomes who was stuck outside the fort when the entrance was sealed . 
  his name was dooms , and he will not be forgotten . 
  one day a scout arrived at the same time as a merchant . 
  it chopped his head right off , the poor soul did n't even have a chance . 
  we then made sausages out of the merchant and wore his skin as armor , but that 's a completely different story . 
  [ switch to linux or the cat gets it !, 
  it probably is n't the cable , but the amp . 
  such intense rfi is an indicator of oscillation . 
  your amp 's dying .
