  do n't worry , mrpopinjay will be okay . 
  ha , you wrote ms with a dollar sign !, 
  how original !, 
  there are excellent raw converters that are free software . 
  some of them might work on a mac : ufraw , rawtherapee , darktable etc. . . 
  thanks !, 
  somehow i could n't find those with google . 
  haha , almost . 
  it 'd be tagged as fake and die within days . 
  however , if you encrypt it and upload it named wikileaks_insurance_policy_obama . tar.gz.pgp , you might have a chance . 
  or , you might get deported for it . 
  ~ ~ maybe it was the only thing around when it was made . 
  it should n't make any difference as long as the + and - wires are twisted . ~ ~ apparently it does make a difference in emi rejection . 
   i just built a subkick mic from one on these cables and the response appears tremendous , will update following some testing . 
  a mic ? 
  from a cable ? 
  that 's interesting o_o, 
  was excited to see a terminal window on the page . 
  tried to type * ls * . 
  felt stupid immediately after . 
  in fact , [ they 're all over the place . 
  the frets are neat . 
  losing the neck pickup , not so much . 
  would n't you need an illuminant-specific input color profile to have remotely accurate colors with this ? 
  unfortunately this test ca n't be repeated without the imatest software and his raw file . 
  i 'd also like to know how other raw converters perform . 
  ~ ~ a 1mb jpeg is often fine , just be sure not to upload anything bigger than 1mb , because it will be severely buchered . 
  use this imigamagick snipplet : ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ convert bigpic.jpg - define jpeg : extent = 1mb outfile.jpg ~ ~, 
  ~ ~ to shrink an image file to just below 1mb . ~ ~, 
  disregard that imgur still recompresses, 
  once you go past the fret under which the pickup is , it 'll stop working , as there wo n't be any strings vibrating above it . 
  that 's some avant fuckin garde type of shit right there, 
  have you tried applying gypsy tears ? 
  lol , it always was . 
  when was the last time you read cyphertext ? 
  symmetric clipping will create odd-order harmonics if the input is a sine wave . 
  asymmetric clipping will create both odd and even order harmonics . 
  rectification creates only even order harmonics . 
  if the input is not a perfect sine wave , then the whole order-ness myth of the tube vs ss argument flies out the window , as you ca n't use superposition on a nonlinear circuit . 
  also note that both tube and solid state clipping can be both symmetric and asymmetric . 
  tube guitar amps sound better than solid state gitar amps because the latter do n't really exist . 
  you check the schematics and you see the same circuits as those used in hifi amplifiers , which are built to have the lowest distortion within the output voltage range . 
  then a pair of diodes are put in the preamp that 'll clip , and the manufacturar calls it a guitar amp . 
  the problem is not the orderness ( symmetry ) of the clipping . 
  as i stated before , you can easily make an asymmetryc solid state clipping circuit that will produce both odd and even order harmonics with a sine wave input . 
  no it wo n't sound a lot better . 
  that is because it wo n't be smoother . 
  the difference between tube and solid state distortion is in the smoothness of the onset of clipping . 
  line up the thd vs input level charts of various circuits and you 'll see that the amount of distortion will raise slower in tube circuits than in common ss circuits . 
  this is what people mean when they say touch responsiveness , that they are more easily capable of keeping the signal level in the transition range , without the amp biting back . 
  the sound is different if you rerecord or overdub it , as it will be a different take . 
  even if you use dual amps , you 'll have a result where you could possibly hear the difference between the two amps . 
  the way that i describe will be a * single * amp , since the pre and post distortion filtering will be identical ( linear filters being distributive over addition , this means that technically , the pre and post filter stages are common ) , with a super smooth nonlinear stage . 
  this is more about on stage performances than recording . 
  i love my gt-8 , but i surely would n't want to use it in a studio . 
  you 'd be measuring your room , not your speakers . 
  a pseudo-anechoic measurement would be more than just * pink noise into a recrding loop let see the spectrum and fiddle the eq . 
  i too love time-lapse videos which are shot from hand . 
  you kept pointing the camera towards the computer screen . 
  that messes with the automatic white balance calculations . 
  keep that in mind in the future . 
  the android devices can share their internet connections over wifi/usb , so you wo n't need a separate sim for the notebook . 
  i can offer you some help setting up voip on the devices for long distance voice calling . 
  the provider that i use can even beat some local prices , landlines can be called for free for example . 
  they would get a prompt before each call whether they want to call over the cellular network , or over the internet ( 3g works ) . 
  additional protip : they should n't settle on the provider before travelling , but instead they should check which one has the best coverage in the place they 'll be staying at . 
   and thirdly , i was recommended to download microsoft streets and trips for my routing program . 
  this allows me to take upload list of many addresses ( i usually am inputing 30-100 ) and make a route . 
  after a quick search , this came up : http://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/traveling_salesman, 
  i have no experience with it , but i ` tt try it later on my desktop , because i find it interesting . 
  for most programs that break under wine , you can run virtualbox and install windows xp in a virtual machine , so you can run your program without having to dual boot . 
  i use it for my hp flatbed scanner that does n't work with linux . 
  internet explorer should also come with wine , or at least i have an icon , but i do n't exactly know how it got there ... 
  the inverse square law of sound intensity . 
  and/or sensitive, 
  which would be correct , as a random dude would be most likely chinese . 
  a random girl however ... 
  judging by the amazing depth of field , it 's not unlikely that this was taken with a tilt-shift lens . 
  newsflash , chrome recently became color aware . 
  you are n't showing us what your working profile is in photoshop . 
  if it 's anything but srgb , the hex values wo n't give you the proper color . 
  adobergb has a different green primary and tone response . 
  how are you going to stop the weirdos from posting poorly lit videos of their genitalia ? 
  the blueray drive does n't do the decoding , it 's the playback software that 's used . 
  maybe another program will work for a while , but you should really just get a backup of the movie from the internet instead . 
  [ here it is on the flickr ] ( http://www.flickr.com/photos/titanphotog/8387645103/sizes/l/ ), 
  177 oz is 5018 grams , not 5.5 kg . 
  just when you thought imperial units could n't get any worse ... 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  you got ta stop walking around the set while the action 's happening . 
  that will clear any calibration curves op might have loaded into his/her vcgt . 
  i have no idea what this tmt is , but your problem seems to be that the display ( television ? ), 
  is not acting on a full scale , but instead it 's assuming a rec .709 range ( thus it 's clipping the shadows and highlights ), 
  it 's possible that the playback software changes the display timing to sync to the video frame rate , and this causes the tv to trigger itself to hdtv mode instead of pc mode ( full range ) . 
  you 'll either have to set up your display to force the input range somehow , maybe even by forcing the video output to a vesa standard timing ( 60hz - shrug ... ) , or switch the playback software to output the video in the hdtv range ( 16-235 ) , which will unfortunately increase the error which has been fixed by th icc calibration . 
  in other words : software is unlikely at fault here , as a bad player would turn full black ( 0 ) into dark grey ( 16 ) , and full white ( 255 ) into light grey ( 235 ) . 
  unless your calibration curves are broken , concentrate on fixing your display . 
  also , the video would feel less jittery if you used longer exposures . 
  movie people use exposure times that are 50 % of the frame interval ( this is called 180 \u00b0 shutter ) , because film cameras are fixed like that , and digital usually tries to mimic film .
