  how stupid !, 
  this would comfortably fit on a dvd-a disc . 
  why blueray ? 
  both dvd and blueray players will play back dvd-a discs . 
  dvd players wo n't play back blueray discs . 
  so the only diffirence with these discs , is that they break compatibility without a good reason . 
  i agree with notification ads being teh suck , op 's app does n't do that kind of crap . 
  most of the things listed by the `` antivirus '' are incorrect , like the reporting of the coordinates . 
  try to strip out the ad library from the app , and scan it like that . 
  it does n't have to run , it 's enough if it compiles . 
  at least you should know if someone explicitly added your app to a list for extortion ( \u00e1 la bbb ) , or if some component is triggering a false positive . 
  to damage your speakers , you 'll need to feed a great amount of high-frequency sound to it , so it can overload and burn the tweeter . 
  music , especially lo-fi , will contain less than 10 % of its energy above the usual crossover frequency ( around 2khz ) . 
  you 're safe . 
  on a parchment . 
  [ ahem ] ( http://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2012/11/nexus-4s-lte-chip-actually-works-sort-of/ ), 
  friends , do n't let friends buy motorola !, 
  * software will never be updated, 
  * bootloaders are locked , so you ca n't update the os yourself . 
  easily the most aggressive case of planned obsolescence in the history of mobile computing . 
  i agree , but in most systems the amplifiers ' power output are close to the speakers power rating . 
  what distro did you go with ? 
  except that there is . 
  the private key will be readable only by the ssh-agent , whereas the script with the password needs to have execute permissions for user . 
  in other news , lack of pirates in the caribbean results in global warming . 
  whenever i plug my sgs 2 into the samsung charger it came with , screen touches get noisy ( it registers that i 'm moving my finger around within a 5mm circle really fast when holding still ), 
  this does n't happen with other chargers i own . 
  tasker can probably do this, 
  it 's an elaborate routing solution for studios . 
  i do n't see it ever being used inside a living room . 
  a receiver with a remote control should do well enough in almost every case . 
  you 'll have to recreate the rudder by hand . 
  you could try reusing textures from the fuselage for example . 
  you ca n't undo it by filtering unfortunately . 
  for future reference , it 's not a bad habit to take short two or three shot bursts when taking slow shutter photos . 
  traditional guitar pickups can be modeled electronically as passice rlc low-pass circuits . 
  if you are comparing two pickups of similar physical characteristics , such as magnet size , pole length , pickup width , then the most significant difference between them will be the low-pass cutoff frequency , and the q factor . 
  if these two are close enough , the two can even sound identical . 
  romanian is a person from the country romania . 
  romania is not a country of romani people ( gypsies ) , but they are instead minority in romania . 
  how about transmissiond running on an embedded device with 32mib ram and a 400mhz mips cpu ? 
  ( maxing out at ~ 1.5 mb/s with encryption on ), 
  how low can we go ? 
  are you serious ? 
  if you really want to buy , give [ these ] ( https://www.hdtracks.com/ ) guys your money . 
  otherwise , either look for collectibles on ebay , or get the best from what.cd . 
  use the dr database to find the best version of an album , but disregard vinyl rips . 
  the store will have the latest and loudest remaster , so it 's a lost cause . 
  202 \u00b0 f is 94 \u00b0 c. 
  nowhere does it state that the dynamic range meter will tell you if a track will sound good . 
  it 's just one parameter , that happens to be measurable by software . 
  it is useful , but objective evaluation is still required . 
  the name of the program used to calculate these dr numbers is misleading . 
  it does n't measure dynamic range , it measures the average crest factor for a track . 
  in a musical sense , dynamic range would be the lowest rms level vs the highest rms level . 
  this is only useful for detecting master channel limiters , in other words * loudness maximizers * that were used as the final step in mastering . 
  if there was anything after that ( eq , reverb , a digital -  vinyl -  analog process ) that number stops making any sense . 
  making my own effects requires very little effort ( js ) . 
  nice interface, 
  they are . 
  anyone can make a self-signed certificate . 
  getting a widely trusted third party to sign your certificate is what costs money . 
  but this is off topic . 
  i thought that the general consensus on / r/audiophile is that there is n't any reason to go above - v0 mp3 other than for archival purposes . 
  i 'm not going to have to rerip my cd library to opus once my mobile gets support , but instead subsonic will convert my flac 's for me . 
  also , how do you do it in kde ? 
  the reason i switched to it is becaute it lets you set almost everything without having to dig forum posts to find the appropriate config files to edit . 
  i have n't used it long enough to have a clear understanding of the differences between kde and unity , and i have n't used xfce . 
  they say it uses more resources , but imo a pc that can run win7 will run kde fine . 
  older hardware will likely fare better with xfce . 
  and it 's snappy alright , but my pc is n't starving it of resources either ( hd5850 , 3.5 ghz core2duo , 4gb ram ), 
  it 's ugly by default though . 
  i have n't gotten around to fix that , but i 'm fairly certain that it 's possible . 
  assuming you 're downloading onto a solid state ssd drive made of ram memory . 
  the device would need to have a pci interface , because a sata3 attachment ca n't handle that much bandwidth . 
  * edited for clarity *, 
  free as in [ free beer ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_beer ) . 
  stop whining and remove the shopping lenses . 
  i edited those parts after steamyconnor 's comment, 
   how in the world would doing that calculate a depth map ? 
  i think it would differentiate areas which are already out of focus from areas that are in focus . 
  i think it 'd be better to shoot stereo and triangulate the distance . 
   even more confusing is how that could allow you to reduce dof ... 
  use depth map as a mask for a smoothing filter ( convolution with an aperture shaped polygon/circle ) . 
  if the depth mask is good , you have reduced dof . 
  enlarge it with bicubic filter , and then convert to black/white ( or clip it with threshold effect ) . 
  for the best results , first resize it to 4x of the target resolution , then threshold , then convert it to 8bit grayscale , and reduce size back to target with bicubic filter . 
  i 'm not sure how that 'll work out . 
  i ca n't test it since i 'm on a mobile . 
  edit : this worked out quite well : http://i.imgur.com/lbkb2.jpg, 
  i resampled to 10320px height with lanczos transform ( gimp ) , threshold , and back to 2560px with lanczos3 . 
  if you do n't like how certain parts stick to each other , you can use a higher threshold . 
   i do have illustrator as i have the whole cs6 master collection ( do n't ask how i got it ) . 
  use free software alternatives gimp and inkscape instead of pirating software . 
  you no longer have an excuse , as they have become quite good . 
  shooting an unarmed man at such a close range , i bet he ca n't even aim straight . 
  ftp is literally the worst protocol for that . 
  no automation , no error check/recovery so data corruption can easily occur , and continuing after a connection is dropped sucks . 
  torrent or rsync will both handle this well . 
  nothing will work if you do n't have an outside port forwarded to at least one of to computers , either by manually opening it on the router , or by enabling upnp/nat-pmp .
