  you do n't need a half terahertz transistor in a circuit that has a bandwidth of 20-30 khz, 
  powerline interference is not a perfect sine . 
  if you remove the fundamental , you 'll still have harmonics that are integer multiples of the fundamental , and thus they have the same variations in frequency . 
  you can use a comb filter to remove a tone . 
  similar to the vuvuzela filter used during the 2010 world cup . 
  as long as there is n't any ac current flowing in the vicinity , yes . 
  solar powered lights ... 
  i calls them windows . 
  ` nvidia-driver ` is the proprietary binary driver for nvidia cards , you can install it with apt-get . 
  jessie has 331.67 , which is fairly recent . 
  you do n't normally need an xorg-conf . 
  umm . . just install it the same way you 'd install anything else , i guess . 
  the quick way is to run * apt-get install nvidia-driver * as * root * ( the \u00fcber-user / admin account on the computer ) , which will download the package from the debian servers , and set it up automatically . 
  how experienced are you with linux ? 
  i do n't know , but you can get a tree-like process list by running ` ps auxf ` in a terminal . 
  see what 's executing gksudo or kdesudo . 
  ignore the `` save '' button , and use `` export '' instead . 
  `` save '' has been broken for a while . 
  as an rpn lover , i recommend the ti89 ( * not * the titanium ) . 
  the rpn interface made by lars frederiksen is unparalleled . 
  you need a serial cable to load it though . 
  many calculators run in emulators , so it might be wise to take them for a test-drive on a computer before getting one . 
  i had one . 
  the ti89 is much better . 
  it 's not compatible . 
  the rpn upgrade only exists for the ti89 and the ti92 +, 
  actually , if you put a tilt-shift lens on the hst , it would come out like these . 
  what you 're thinking is about an actual miniature universe you 'd macro -- or taking pictures using a telescope with an * f * / 10 ^ -20 lens . 
  it uses either kwallet or gnome-keychain to store the password . 
  you need either . 
  sometimes it 'll pop up if the sync client starts before kwallet , and logs in if you close the prompt . 
  i guess this is a known issue . 
  what if i want to exclude * foo/bar / * but not * baz/foo/bar / * ? 
  note that whenever the vps is running , you are technically logged in . 
  i do n't think apps are maintained by devs on f-droid . 
  freedom means you can maintain a repository of free software and distribute them any way you like ( as long as you provide the source code and mention the license ) . 
  yes it is . 
  why have two boxes , when you can have one ? 
  i 've had the best luck with ` multibootusb `, 
  unetbootin 's created a bunch of non-booting live drives for me the last times i 've used it . 
  there 's plenty of analysis in it . 
  my htpc/nas is a debian box with a raidz2 storage array underneath , running xbmc and mpd all the time , streaming music to any connected device i have near me wherever i may be . 
  how would a separate nas box improve this ? 
  i do n't think i lack flexibility at all . 
  why do you bother with prologic at all ? 
  that 's only for some special tracks that have surround sound encoded into stereo tracks . 
  i hear it was a thing in the 70 's . 
  or do movies that have 5 channel audio include additional channels encoded into them ? 
  boss or ibanez stompboxes work okay as preamps . 
  you scum, 
  not dumping private keys into the entropy pool will also likely reduce performance in some cases . 
  buy a nexus if you care, 
  tekken 7 for linux confirmed !!!, 
  apart fron android , your router and tv 's also likely to be running linux . 
  elixir strings . 
  i only change them when they break \u263a, 
  use roomeqwizard to get the response of the whole system . 
  do n't bother doing anything without a fairly flat omnidirectional mic . 
  you should n't be using proprietary software when the free alternatives not only exist , but are vastly superior . 
  deluge has the pieces plugin for that, 
   high quality gif, 
  that 's an oxymoron , the right way is to encode the sequence into video with the x264 encoder . 
  ffmpeg can help you :, 
  well . . you probably have your reasons to use gif . 
  imagemagick is likely to give you the best results . 
  mount / home on the hard drive just to be sure . 
  it does n't matter for boot speeds . 
  also , i 'd mount / tmp as a ram disk . 
  since you do n't need a de , the system drive should n't exceed one or two gigabytes . 
  read https://wiki.debian.org/reducedebian on how to strip out languages and documemtation from the os to make it significantly smaller . 
  if you go with btrfs , you can have instant snapshots essentially for free . 
  look into apt-btrfs-snapshot for automatic snapshots of your fs on ubuntu , and see [ here ] ( https://btrfs.wiki.kernel.org/index.php/conversion_from_ext3 ) on how you can convert your ext4 partition to btrfs . 
  `` sine sweep '' by * the function generator * is my favorite . 
  what do you mean ? 
  installing a printer on my gramps ' pc was as easy as plugging it in . 
  ( elementary/ubuntu or whatever ), 
  wowsuchlinuxkernel 's just trolling . 
  gimp works better on the linux desktop . 
  porting is n't the number one priority i guess . 
  darude - sandstorm, 
  this can happen with the digitizers . 
  it needs to be replaced . 
  reflashing is not a thing . 
  do n't expect anything to happen after you overwrite a file with the same file . 
  neither . 
  scientists hardly ever go into politics . 
  you can share diffs for updating old data if it 's that important . 
  otherwise git or other dvcs applications will be the best for this kind of job . 
  kmail is good . 
  that would only increase piracy . 
  * time for always online drm !!, 
  does anyone like that pumping sound ? 
  like when everything ducks at every snare hit ? 
  i ca n't get over it . 
  would it be better if i listened to trash metal more often ? 
  not soundproofing . 
  it will kill some upper midrange reflections though . 
  make some bass traps out of rockwool instead , it 's a better start . 
  warning : gif contains unlabeled axes, 
  you 're missing the kernel , that 's why the computer wo n't boot .
