  glad i could help !, 
  doors are such assholes in max payne 3, 
  interface . 
  7zip looks and feels totally broken . 
  something crucial did n't work when i tried it . 
  was it drag & drop ? 
  ca n't remember the thing , just that using 7zip made me rage . 
  because it would be the optimal solution . 
  all the techniques you mentioned are tacked-on additional steps that should be unnecessary . 
  an email attachment is a part of the message . 
  just see how long it takes for these sharing services to go under - or simply delete your file . 
  it most likely needs a cap job , and a round of resoldering . 
  maybe the pots need to be cleaned too , but that 's optional . 
  i once played on a fretless . 
  i felt stupid when i bent a note . 
  guthrie is such an amazing player !, 
  as the coil is unloaded ( the ~ 200k\u03a9 load from the pots is very little ) , the pickup does not do any work on the string , therefore it has no effect on sustain . 
  i think the downvotes are more likely due to me violating rule iv . 
  of the subreddit . 
  i should have read the sidebar before posting i guess . 
  * bahleeted !, 
  could be the power source filter wearing out , or a dead bypass cap somewhere causing oscillation . 
  too little info . 
  it 's impossible to tell without checking it with a scope . 
  but you can replace the old electrolytic capacitors with new ones even without measuring the receiver . 
  there 's a very good chance that it will fix your issues , and even if there is a problem with another component , all of the old caps should be replaced . 
  if you can do it yourself , then that 's a good thing . 
  [ it is n't hard , really ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ycsnwi3uhf4 ) . 
  if you ca n't find the service manual , you could just read the rating of a cap , and then mark it with a sharpie . 
  yes, 
  here 's a free tc protip for you : you can make your own custom buttons with any function you want that can be accomplished with shell commands , where the output will be posted as a toast . 
  for example , i have a button that displays the md5 hash of a file ( md5sum % n ) . 
  i could also redirect it to a file ( md5sum % n   md5.txt ) , and so on . 
   i 'm not familiar with any chips capable of handling the type of power you 'd expect from a ht receiver . 
  [ lm3876 ] ( http://www.ti.com/product/lm3876 ) , class ab power amp ic that can handle 56w . 
  could be a varistor that 's been blown . 
  it 's usually there for overvoltage protection , and should be right next to the fuse . 
  costs about .1 $ to replace . 
  play it on your computer ? 
  this is only a good advice if the playback software does n't correct the levels for full scale reproduction . 
  cause here 's something you should know : on a computer screen , a luminance of 0.0 is black , and 1.0 is white . 
  on an hd display , luminance values below 0.0625 are all black , and above 0.918 are white . 
  so if something looks good on your pc , then when viewed on a tv without correction , dark shadow detail will be lost . 
  not sure if trolling or just stupid, 
  great photo skillz bro !, 
  the device which does n't give you root access is the thing that is restricting what you do . 
  you would n't buy a computer that you 've been denied administrator access to , would you . 
  a quad setup makes sense , if your front speakers can accurately produce sound that 's in the center . 
  two things need to be true for this : the room , and speaker placement has to be symmetric , and you have to be seated on the median plane . 
  adding a center speaker is a very good way to extend the sweet spot , but if you are always sitting in the sweet spot , it is a bit redundant . 
  if you 're single , you can delay buying a center until you have someone to watch movies with , 
  read up on anal . 
  it was n't you , it was the way you did it . 
  anal should never hurt . 
  and if he did n't stop immediately , that makes him an idiot . 
   unfortunately , my mobo is a dell from '06 and does n't have a spdif port inside to connect my graphics card to, 
  if the graphics card has an hdmi output , then it will be able to give out audio through it . 
  after you install the proper drivers , it will appear as a separate multichannel audio device . 
  connect the hdmi output to the receiver , and connect the receiver to the display . 
  / r/audiophile concerns itself with gear and music ( playback ) . 
  if you want expert help on recording , you should ask in / r/audioengineering . 
  my advice is to retake it with a mic that has a lower noise floor , or with a better preamp if the preamp you used has a lot of noise . 
  removing white noise is difficult without harming the sound itself . 
  i 'd rather say it 's impossible . 
  you could try multichannel gating , or even fft gating ( [ voxengo redunoise ] ( http://www.voxengo.com/product/redunoise/ ) ), 
  the problem is , that whenever the gate opens , the noise will be there . 
  noise floor , modulated by the signal level , sounds very unnatural . 
  it is less fatiguing to listen to if you leave the noise there . 
  never heard of such a setup before , sorry . 
  i guess you 'll need something that has an spdif output then , or 8 analog outputs . 
  if you want to play games with your pc , then look for an interface that has a dolby digital live licence , otherwise games will only have stereo sound through the spdif . 
  of course you can always connect the receiver with 4 analog stereo cables if there is no live ( nothing wrong with that quality-wise , just a lot of cables to manage ) . 
  you could get the xonar dx , or the xonar * ~ ~ dg ~ ~ * dsx . 
  both are low-profile cards that fit inside htpc 's . 
  the place of the spdif header is mapped in the manual . 
  run a dxdiag , the motherboard will be in the first tab , under * system model * . 
  look up the model to find the manual, 
  probably a 3.5 mm jack  rca interconnect , with a 75 ohm cable , unless there 's an rca plug on the back . 
  or toslink . 
  if it really is a jack , then you have to keep the cable as short as possible , because jack connectors arent 75 ohm . 
  also , finding such an interconnect with the proper characteristic impedance might be hard , so keep the cable run * really * short if possible . 
  also it 'll likely only be 5.1 . 
  do n't forget uv filters . 
  without one , you could easily scratch your lens . 
   there 's a limited amount of color data any camera can capture . 
  i 'd like to correct you on this one thing . 
  cameras , as well as other input devices do not have a limited colorspace the way monitors do . 
  if there is a color in the scene that would be out of gamut , like a laser light , by lowering the exposure , you could capture it without gamut clipping . 
  asio was developed for low latency , and its benefits end there . 
  there wo n't be any difference quality-wise between asio and ds / * wasapi * . 
  also , your interface does n't seem to support asio . 
  it does n't even have any inputs . 
   non-headphone sound trumps headphone sound for this build, 
  it 's not like there needs to be a compromise . 
  if the source can drive the cans , it 'll sound the same . 
  otherwise you can just add a headphone amp . 
   asio for sibelius 7 playback to function properly, 
  usb audio tends to have a higher latency than pci , and do n't forget , these interfaces were not necessarily designed with realtime audio in mind . 
  if you get good performance out of your audigy , you should keep it and spend the money on better speakers . 
  or look for an entry-level pro interface , like a maya44 , or an e-mu0404pci-e,
