  just turn off the notification . 
  how i do it ( resizing to fill a 128x128 box ) :, 
  mkdir . . / resized, 
  find - iname '' * . jpg '' - o - iname '' * . jpeg '' | parallel convert - resize 128x128 ^ - gravity center - extent 128x128 . . / resized / { }, 
  it needs imagemagick and gnu parallel , but it 'll use all the available cpu cores in the machine . 
  in a way , yes . 
  a high shelf eq will increase the bandwidth of a pickup if the corner frequencies match . 
  increase the load on the pickup if it 's resonating , because the eq will not cease the bump in the response . 
  the difference will be marginal . 
  you can increase the bandwidth of an existing pickup even more if you wire the coils in parallel ( reducing the inductance by a factor of 4 in case of a humbucker ) , or if you replace the ferrite magnets with lower permeability ones like alnico , or neodimium-based magnets . 
  the spectrum is complex , but that does n't mean that the pickup response is n't simple . 
  the spectrum depends on the string motion , wood , body , where you picked , which note you play , and i could go on ... 
  the pickup response on the other hand is only a product of two things : the width of the magnetic field , which has a comb-filter like response , and the lcr response of the coil . 
  it can be modeled easily , and it * is * modeled : variax guitars and boss gk pickups can have the response of any pickup by having a sensor with a known response , and a dsp that produces the difference . 
  the second picture is not a spectrum , it 's a transfer function . 
  if an eq has a spectrum by itself , then it 's because it is noisy , 
  ^ ( it 's quite typical of / r/guitar that the most voted comment is completely inaccurate ), 
  you bought them new ? 
  return them immediately , it 's defective . 
  here 's a 128k mp3 with the lowpass disabled :, 
  the lowpass filter is there for a reason though . 
  it allows more complexity in the more important frequency regions . 
  the difference is apparent when you see the original :, 
  see how there are n't any big-ass frequency blocks as in the first picture ? 
  that does n't change much . 
  if the issue is with the amp , and not the transducer , then they still have to fix it . 
  there 's no excuse for bad quality control . 
  what button ? 
  where is it ? 
  so the usual * click previous story * -  * click next page to see if there are more pages * -  * click previous story twice if there was only one page * technique would not work with this comic when traversing backwards in the history . 
  thanks , this looks great !, 
  openwrt uses it , and generally , small embedded devices would benefit by it . 
  in openwrt , you have a read-only squashfs partition in / rom that has the system binaries and the default configuration files , and there is a jffs2 partition at / overlay that has the custom config files , and optionally installed apps . 
  the rootfs is created at boot by merging the two , overlaying the read-write partition on top of the readonly squashfs partition . 
  so if you modified / etc/foo . conf , it will be read from / overlay/etc/foo . conf , but by default , / rom/etc/foo . conf is read . 
  in elementary ( because ubuntu ) , even if the default kraernal version is 3.2 , newer versions are available in the repo , and can be installed simply by selecting the appropriate package in the package management app . 
  if they do n't work , you can boot the old one by selecting it at boot . 
  linux-image-3 .16 - something is the name of the package , but i may be wrong . 
  well yes , but . . wait what ? 
  screw it to the body instead . 
  many humbuckers are dull . 
  you can try to connect the coils in parallel , but you might need to replace the wire that goes to the pickup if you do that . 
  it 's easy to do it if the pickup already comes with 4 wires . 
  there 's . onion and . bit - both * reek * of freedom . 
  low voltage , no ripple , oversized caps for the load - they will be running fine for decades . 
  i can recommend this one :, 
  i ssh using my nexus 4 or my pc for the general stuff , and i use yatse for xbmc . 
  i just did wheezy to sid out of accident ( i had the wheezy netinst instead of jessie ) and it went fine . 
  a little hiccup with the proprietary nvidia driver , but nothing serious . 
  i think it 's related to the / media/usb lines in / etc/fstab . 
  otherwise , my debian boxes do n't automount , though i have n't tried my pies . 
  what he said ? 
  / dev/sda is the * actual * disk , presented by the kernel as a file . 
  / dev/sda5 is the disk plus the offset until you get to the fifth partition therein . 
  you do n't normally touch these , because you need to be root to read them , and you will cause corruption and destroy the filesystems if you write to them . 
  check the output of ` df ` . 
  it will tell you the amount of free space on the partitions , as well as the mount point of the file system root . 
  if you need to know what occupies the most space , you can use a program called ` du ` . 
  it traverses through the directory tree , and prints the sizes occupied by directories . 
  if it 's installed , you can use ` ncdu ` , which will do the same , but it will present the info in a terminal gui . 
  / tmp should remove itself upon booting , so if uptime is high , start looking for large files there . 
  they are usually safe to delete . 
  / var/log has the logfiles , which should rotate themselves daily , and the logging daemon should delete them . 
  if some config is messed up , it can grow to be big . 
  use this command to find the largest files below the current working directory :, 
  find . 
  - printf ' % s % p \\ n ' | sort - nr | head -10, 
  ah yes , the good old ipoac ( internet protocol over avian carriers ) . 
  for those who are interested , it has been described in this rfc doc : [ rfc1149 ] ( https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc1149.txt ) . 
  it works as advertised . 
  bridge suspension transfer function, 
  could n't you have the bootloader one a usb drive mounted in a rear port ( or even inside the box ) , and have it boot the pci ssd though ? 
  i just tried doing this in windows , selecting the ntfs partition labeled as raw , and choosing to format it as ntfs . 
  guess what ? 
  it reformated the * first * ( ext4 ) partition !, 
  what a fucking joke !, 
  good thing i made a backup . 
  buy it you cheap fuck , and skip the popcorn next time you go see a movie . 
  that means , if regular lemons are at least 1 % efficient , then organic lemons are a potential solution to the energy crisis !, 
  free energy forever !, 
  the force ? 
  would n't the sabre benefit from having mass/inertia ? 
  so you use the force to add weight to your swings . 
  she was pregnant , so someone must have, 
  but it 'll see the bios , 
  mine break less often strung up that way, 
  those guys left months after the buyout, 
  9000 hours is * exactly * 28 years, 
  what he wrote is wrong . 
  pulse will use either 44.1 khz or 48khz ( decided when you first play back a file ) and it will keep the interface at that word rate until playback stops . 
  if there is a second concurrent sound source that has a different sample rate , it will get converted . 
  you can go directly to the audio card with alsa which will provide the optimal sample rate if supported by your interface , but there will be no mixing of audio streams in your system . 
  i 've used one for the past 4 years . 
  hit me up if you want to learn some tricks . 
  it knows quite many !, 
  negating any benefit you 'd get from using alsa . 
  dmix works only on a single frequency . 
  who 's setting up pulse for themselves , if i may ask ? 
  why are n't you installing it from wheezy-backports ? 
  the guy 's nuts .
