  it seems to have a backlight . 
  i do not approve of that , i 'd rather have a reflective monochrome lcd that will stand by for at least a year , than a color screen calculator that i have to recharge . 
  already there are emulators running classic scientific and graphing calculators . 
  but yes , they could make a killing by releasing a dedicated calculator designed to work on mobile devices . 
  the ones that exist on android right now are quite pathetic , except the emulators . 
  they could 've added a 300ppi monochrome display that would 've been awesome to work on . 
  or add an e-paper instead of an lcd . 
  this is probably the worst decision they could 've made . 
  so it can send you an email when you are about to run out of yoghurt . 
  holy crap , that 's some advanced stuff for a fridge !!, 
  but then again , a rpi costs 25 bucks . 
  we live in great times indeed . 
  * beards do n't kill people , *, 
  * people with beards kill people . 
  that 's why we need shell access . 
  to fix this lack of function . 
  https so you can be sure you 're not subject to a mitm attack when connecting to your fridge . 
  do you want surround sound in the future ? 
  or even now , except you did n't mention what speakers you have ? 
  a multichannel receiver will solve your problems , as they 've been coming with hdmi inputs for a while now . 
  otherwise , your tv should decode the multichannel stream to stereo pcm . 
  mine does even if i do n't ask it to , and would rather have it pass it through . 
  that guy just pushed the response of his tweeter up to 40khz . 
  quite insane , and i wonder how the mic measures up there . 
  but yes , this is what i imagined i 'd do once i got a dac with  10 outputs . 
  the fancy software makes it seem easier to do , it 's nice . 
  i wonder if there 's any benefit to doing the crossovers quasi-anechoically , and then doing the room correction as opposed to doing drc with a bandlimited target within the room . 
  i also like the thought of amplifiers driving speakers only in their passbands , as it 's done with electronic/digital crossovers . 
  nothing between them but some wire , maximizing damping , while the amp is casually driving what it sees to be a resistor . 
   then you design what ever crossover you want just punching frequency and picking from first order all the way to 300db/octave , the digital side corrects phase so that you do n't have normal nasty effects of crossovers . 
  you probably would n't want to do that . 
  filters as steep as that will smear the time-domain response , and will only sum correctly in the measurment position . 
  everywhere else i expect that it will ring . 
  forget bruteforcing it . 
  you have 58 ^ 25 possible variations , so you have at least 128 bits to crack . 
  that would * literally * take septillions of years . 
  the only way is to find a backup . 
   ** do n't even call the cops . 
  ftfy, 
  compare torrent throughput to another protocol, 
  1 . set up an ftp/http/ssh server and test the throughput between you and a machine somewhere else on the internet, 
  2 . add the same machine as a sole peer to a torrent you 've made and see how fast it transfers . 
  it should be just a little bit slower . 
  if it 's a lot slower , you 're being throttled . 
  ( obviously you need access to two computers in different locations to test this ), 
  and disposable spameaters . 
  i can not count how many yahoo accounts i have . 
  someone care to explain to an espresso guy what these things are ? 
  how different is the brew from one made by a drip coffeemaker ? 
  google trends tells me this is also exclusive to the us . 
  is there a story behind how this became a thing ? 
  the manufacturer does n't matter at all , but one could argue , that the power supply regulation will matter ( none/linear regulator/switching regulator ), 
  the truth is that these pedals consume almost nothing , the most power in them is used by the led 's . 
  so if they are made right , regulation at the power supply will not matter , because ripple voltage can be easily filtered out at the stompbox . 
  the right way to approach this is to test the pedal with a cheap unregulated wall-wart before buying a more expensive regulated power supply . 
  the cheap power supply will either add some noise to your signal , or not , depending on the pedal circuit design . 
  if it does n't , then you wo n't need a regulator . 
  some sites work with these instant disposables , but some do n't . 
  you only have to try to register to one site that does n't , and keep waiting for the activation message in vain , to use yahoo instead . 
  if they blacklist it i guess . 
  thank you !, 
  i 'll be sure to try it if i ever get the chance . 
  we have standard connectors inside desktop computers ( atx ) , which can vary wildly in power requirements . 
  all we need is a standard connector , and a voltage . 
  if the brick ca n't power the high end notebook , it should stop drawing power from it . 
  maybe have an offline mode so you can charge it only when it 's off . 
  are those actual measurements , or numbers copied from component datasheets ? 
  how about elite ? 
  it runs fine in dosbox turbo . 
  *** always *** embed the color profile of the image into the file . 
  even if it 's srgb . 
  mixing audio just means summing , i do n't think op means he * mixed * it like it 's done in radio frequency modulation . 
  [ droidwall ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.googlecode.droidwall.free ) , netfilter/iptables frontend, 
  also lets you entirely block an app from the net , if you do n't want to trust it with your data . 
  droidwall [ ] ( https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.googlecode.droidwall.free ), 
  in a few days , there will be hundreds of videos of kids , dubbed over by adults , and vica versa . 
  this will be known as the winter this became a thing . 
  rmaa is n't a program that will give you accuracy , even if your interface is accurate . 
  such things are expected . 
  20 steel armoured gnome warriors against 80 beetles . 
  the result was pretty gruesome , but i only lost one gnome , so hurray . 
  i found them when i decided to drain my water trap , as apparently , mants can breathe under water . 
  the plan was to dig a tunnel from the trap to a nearby cavern . 
  imagine the face of the miner gnome when he first saw all the nopes . 
  yes , their radio should be compatible with the rest of the world . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.gsmarena.com/apple_iphone_5-4910.php ) ; we have gsm900/1800 and hspa2100, 
  iron appears below level 50 . 
  you also get lucky sometimes and destroy the armour of iron goblins , so you can smelt that into steel . 
  i think this is made obvious because the up arrow lowers the number . 
  therefore , lower number , more important . 
  ca card ? 
  i think your post just got 28 downvotes . 
  it was a fair bargain, 
  tbh , if a cycler produces 100 * watts per hour * , than in a year , there will be a total power output of 150kw . 
  that 's enough to power a small neighbourhood . 
  relax , i was just joking about the way you are misusing units of energy , power , and change of power ( js ^ -2 ), 
  macos does n't mandate digitally signed binaries the way ios does . 
  a digital signature that will enable an app to run on an ios device can only be issued by apple , but can be verified by anyone ( any mobile device ) . 
  if you change even a single bit in the app , the signature will no longer match , and the device will refuse to run the app . 
  nearfield should be okay-ish .
