  the noise that linearizes the quantization need not be white , applying plenty of out-of-band ( ultrasonic ) dithering noise will significantly increase in-band dynamic range , if the in-band noise floor was low to begin with . 
  ( shaped dither , or in an extreme way , dsd ), 
  this has always bothered me . 
  why is it even considered * a phone * ? 
  there are only marginal differences between my notebook and my pocket computer ( sgs2 ) , so why is it referred to as * a phone * ? 
  wtf crowd ? 
  a woman got hit in the face , and you applaud ? 
  mine has an hspa modem . 
  ca n't directly make calls via gsm , but i can call fine using voip . 
  hspa/umts/edge / wifi , whatever 's available . 
  but i get your point . 
  my desktop machine is therefore also * a phone * . 
  you are talking about supermarket htib 's that are designed to be brighter/boomier than the set next to them . 
  quality speakers ( ht or stereo ) have an even response . 
  yes , they innovated it a few months ago in ios5 . 
  [ title made me think of this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/orzcp.jpg ), 
  you can edit your post, 
  it is now possible to get a patent for a device * not * having a feature . 
  as it grows , it will become less useful . 
  i hope as much . 
  i 've added some of my favourites to the list already . 
  it 's cheaper , and less of a hassle to get a keyboard that can control the windows volume . 
  do n't worry , it wo n't degrade the quality , because ever since the ac '97 standard , sound cards use analog volume control instead of digital . 
  edit : you do n't even need to buy a new keyboard , you could assign a hotkey to the volume control . 
  before you ask , no , i have no idea how you should do that , but that 's what google is for . 
  why the downvotes ? 
  itunes deserves every hate it can get . 
  chrome can remember your login info across browsers as long as you 're signed in . 
  i use it for low confidentiality stuff , and keepass for the rest as it 's a bit less convinient , but more secure . 
  `` lpt : never give out your actual email address online '' renders this lpt useless, 
  if you value your privacy , you will want to use a different one every time . 
  to whoever 's doing the xml-fu right now ( anon user 437 ) : bravo sir/madam !, 
   things recorded in bits , to me , sound more `` blocky '' and less `` smooth '' or `` real '' than things recorded on tape . 
  it 's all in your head . 
  if the noise from mic preamps , consoles , or tape machines exceeds the lsb of the adc , which can be taken for granted with 24bit converters , quantization error will be insignificant , and uncorrelated with the music . 
  his vinyl rips have convinced me not to pursue analog audio . 
  somehow i assumed that since vinyl people tend to listen to music in their homes instead of their cars and on the street , the records would be mastered differently , to preserve music , instead of eliminating dynamics . 
  however , every `` contemporary '' record that i 've compared to the cd had used the same botched mastering job as its source , meaning that the record was likely cut from the digital master . 
  ( comparisons were made between the specrum and the amplitude histograms of the vinyl rips . 
  with every contemporary vinyl release , the amplitude histograms matched the cd version , and the spectrum above 22050hz only contained signs of distortion and noise , with a sharp cutoff ), 
  then why do many records have the same pumpig overcompressed sound as cd 's ? 
   bass from most cd recordings are way to much and would cause the groves to be too close together making the record skip . 
  take the digital master and cut the bass . 
  there , now it 's mastered for vinyl . 
  enjoy your jaggies :-), 
  just use winamp if you like how it looks , and already know how to set it up . 
  do n't believe anyone who tells you that it sounds any different from foobar2k . 
  sincerely :, 
  a foobar2k user, 
  actually , if we 've learnt anything , it 's that if apple decided to make their next model thinner and change the looks of the back , the galaxy tab could be banned again . 
  stop worrying . 
  if anything goes wrong , you 'll just buy your new strat from one of the hundreds of factories that also sell them . 
  cut 4/5th of that speaker wire . 
  were the speakers mounted on a kite ? 
  why so much wire ? 
  it 's the * isaac newton is my man * reaction gif . 
  used when poster is in awe of op . 
  ca n't really understand what you mean by `` listening '' . 
  i 'd say you need a modeling dsp , like a pod . 
  if you want to use your pc for running a dsp plugin , you 'll need a professional audio interface designed for low latency throughput ; it should have asio drivers , and it 'll also need a high-z input , so you can plug your guitar in it ( although going through a boss or an ibanez pedal will make it possible to go into a regular line input ), 
  [ source ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=danyfxgnfxq&amp;feature=youtube_gdata_player ), 
  foobar 's pphr/ultra resampler is good enough , but reaper and audacity have better quality sample rate converters . 
  better in a mathematical sense , i 'm not sure if the difference is audible at all . 
  secret rabbit code  pphs , but it 's slower too . 
  after setting up the converter as you did , add the resampler to the dsp chain , and set it to 44100hz . 
  you should really do a google search for this . 
  apart from losing the ultrasonics , which are already inaudible , if at all present , there wo n't be any losses . 
  good quality resampling algorithms have their error well below the noise floor of 24bit recordings . 
  is illegal and unethical, 
  do you have any kind of `` enhancer effect '' turned on your monitor ? 
  things like `` dynamic contrast '' , `` ultra internets moad omg '' or anything like that ? 
  if so , turn that shit off !, 
  any processing done by the monitor itself can lead to a reduced number of shades , and banding , and also , terrible colors , clipped/oversaturated color blobs , and burnt whites/crushed blacks . 
  set your monitor back to factory default , and if nothing is brutally off , just keep those settings !, 
  before you ask on how to set the monitor to factory default , rtfm please . 
  i hope you have it backed up . 
  imagine the feeling of having all of your work lost . 
  elsewhere i 've seen isopropyl alcohol being recommended . 
  whatever you use , it should n't contain much water . 
   i 've never seen another that lets you ... 
   never used the modern windows vm products, 
  not being able to listen to recent albums because of terrible mastering is a bitch . 
  lucky for me , there is plenty material from the '60s - '90s that i have n't heard yet . 
  holy shit i want one !, 
  a bigger one maybe , a 2x12 '' or a 1x12 '' combo , but i love the concept . 
  not so sure about the os though , i 've always gotten better latencies using winxp/asio than win7 . 
  you can probably get gnu/linux running on it too . 
  i wonder how the audio hardware support is on linux . 
  you can gig with it without lugging your pc . 
  compressing for loudness due to the loudness wars will result in musical dynamic information being stripped from the track . 
  crescendos/decrescendos are thus removed , and i no longer get my adrenaline rush . 
  too much dynamic reduction will also have audible artifacts :, 
  * incorrect setup of compression/limiting : aggressive compression/limiting with a slow release result in the band being muted every time the drummer hits the kick . 
  * multiband compression : the tone of the instruments will change unnaturally , in relation to what other instruments play . 
  * separate limiting of the stereo channels : should never happen , but it does very often . 
  instruments will pan around randomly in the soundstage . 
  * compression generally tends to move instruments back and forth in the soundstage . 
  these techniques are combined on modern music to extract the last milibel of loudness from the mix . 
  when hearing a wrecked album i usually just facepalm and look for a vinyl rip , and facepalm again when i hear the same artifacts on the vinyl version . 
  not sure if i 'm answerig your question , but you should get trine ( both ) and rochard .
