  elaborate please !, 
  i know about the issues concerning godaddy , i 'm curious about the problems with namecheap and gandi , which seem to rank high in this thread . 
  dang , you 're right !, 
  reddit decided to break the line at the period which i thereby missed , and / u/beezel typed namecheap with a lowercase n , so i assumed he was grouping the three providers together . 
  glad that 's settled . 
  oxygen is * so * 2003 !, 
  these new design directions are very exciting to look at . 
  this is such bullshit . 
  how 's it any different to fuck / be fucked by a different person , as opposed to having sex with the same one every day ? 
  bs , there are dozens of amps ( mic pre , eq integrator/differentiator , summing bus , adc input etc. . . ) before you get to the part where you have a digital sound signal . 
  one or two additional amps wo n't make a significant difference . 
  you 're looking at only a small part of the signal path , disregarding everything before the dac . 
  there are instrument amplifiers , microphone preamps , equalizers , compressors before the signal becomes digital . 
  all of those work using many operational amplifier based circuits . 
  this kills the debian, 
  mp3 is the least of your worries with this recording . 
  the recorder 's overdriven , it 's fluttery , and noisy as well . 
  there 's really not much you can do with it . 
  i 'm actually very surprised , that something from 1966 would sound as good as this , given the age of the tape . 
  maybe science has something for the flutter , to correct the frequency modulation based on autocorrelation , maybe someone else can chime in . 
  noise reduction imo does more harm than good . 
  the human brain has better anti-noise algorithms than any vst effect ; and those usually end up affecting the spectrum more than i 'm comfortable with . 
  my recommendation : enjoy it as it is , such great music is hard to come by . 
  is that \u03bctorrent ?? 
  come on , grow a neckbeard already !, 
  ^ ( j/k lol , thx for the bandwidth ! ), 
  thanks , i 'm giving it a try . 
  it seems to work a lot better since the last time i 've used it . 
  thanks , but that only works via the gui , the nox / web only version does n't have a way to toggle it unfortunately . 
  wtf , it just punched a hole through my firewall so the entire internet could access the admin page with the default password . 
  it freaked me out ... 
  stripping an embedded color profile will make the image render incorrectly . 
  but of course we 're all using srgb , are n't we ? 
  you 're also recompressing the image ; not a big deal usually . 
   byte-by-byte, 
  you could apply it a couple of times to exaggerate the effects . 
  try it yourself :, 
  for i in { 1 . .100 } ; do convert image.jpg - strip image.jpg ; done, 
  imagemagick has the convinient ` compare ` mode that you can use to see the difference between the different generations . 
  it seems to be a lot more interesting then that . 
  after a couple of generations , im arrives at a stable version , and every subsequent conversion operation is lossless , 
  $ for { 1 . .100 } ; do convert asdf.jpg - strip asdf.jpg ; md5sum asdf.jpg ; done, 
  82bb2fd425d0e3d60a486e1b7c001b84 asdf.jpg, 
  cdc4da021fbae1b054e26cb244488102 asdf.jpg, 
  13007f381c428c2f022e6cf930b7a5d1 asdf.jpg, 
  c10eabf10c59e1856101b7c615e32243 asdf.jpg, 
  be8ea4b8f56819da882b8b5f7882519b asdf.jpg, 
  274006394690731d02be3d3ce8718753 asdf.jpg, 
  94434c632779446e0039fb202413750f asdf.jpg, 
  after generation 28 , the conversion no longer has an effect . 
  i have absolutely no idea why :d, 
  you type it into a bash interpreter on a machine that has imagemagick installed . 
  bash is the default command-line shell for most unix-like systems - osx and linux for exampe . 
  think of it as an alternative for the windows command prompt , except for the fact that it 's really useful for automating simple , or even fairly complicated tasks . 
  something that 's a nightmare with the regular dos syntax . 
  modified , created and other dates are filesystem metadata , and we 're stripping all the in-file metadata , so there should n't be any difference apart from the actual image data . 
  which is also what i see ; using ` compare ` , with every successive iteration there are fewer and fewer blocks in the jpeg that differ , until there are finally none . 
  maybe i 'll make a gif when i get home . 
  wow !, 
  that is hilarious !, 
  define * need *, 
  do you * need * to slim down your computer ? 
  it 's using less then 10 % of the available physical memory . 
  do you * need * kde ? 
  do you * need * 6 gigs of ram in that box ? 
  i use a i1pro for my own displays . 
  i have absolutely no idea why they make most monitors ' backlights so blue , but wearing shades to fix the issue is the stupidest thing . 
  yes . 
  you still have to make sure the files have group write permissions , because that wo n't be inherited . 
  g + s does not yet mean g + w. 
  most likely you 'll have to change the system-wide default umask to 002 . 
  this all makes sense if there are many users in the owning group . 
  repressed lust is still lust , it just makes one attracted to children instead . 
  and so are you . 
  shadowbanned users can see each others ' posts . 
  cool yourself , i was just messing with the kid . 
  most onboard chips ( realtek , via etc. . ) have headphone amplifiers . 
  they are small and cheap , so what kind of improvement are you looking for ? 
  a htpc has higher system requirements than a nas , so yes , you can use your htpc to serve files over the network . 
  it will consume more power because you have a full-blown pc running all the time . 
  files with ~ in them , those that are usually temporary files made by programs , thumbs.db files , etc. 
  are ignored by owncloud . 
  you can disable this . 
  it only fails one way : you ca n't plug a guitar pickup into a line input because it 's very weak ( many thousand ohms output impedance and a large series inductance means the pickup is a puny source ) . 
  a line output is much stronger , so it can be plugged into a line input with no problem . 
  bah , you must be joking , that requires no output current at all !, 
  anything can be plugged into an instrument input , even a puny guitar pickup . 
  not with the regular camera api . 
  see : http://developer.android.com/reference/android/hardware/camera.html, 
  you would need a lot of voltage on those coils for them to move the srings . 
  realistically , it would n't work at all . 
  instead , you could convolve audio with an open strum guitar sound . 
  that would sound the same as what you have in mind . 
  the coil in the ebow has less than 10kohm impedance though ... 
  if you wanted to do the same with a guitar pickup you 'd end up breaking the insulation before you could excert a reasonable amount of force . 
  which would result in said battery lasting longer than either the 60kwh model , or a theoretical 40kwh model with a 40kwh battery . 
  ( as in years , not miles ), 
  i do n't even use the super key at all . 
  it would make a nicelaunch button imo . 
  cool !,
