  having a naive worldview does n't mean it ca n't be counter-argumented . 
  [ meanwhile , cyprus signs deals to allow russia naval bases . 
  ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31632259 ) maybe britain and turkey should 've reconsidered that whole cypriote emancipation thing . 
  seems to be only a hassle for a country with a tendency to ally with the enemies of europe . 
  well , there 's still time . 
  was ww1 russia a pawn of serbia , as they dragged it into the war ? 
  countries have interests . 
  countries with aligning interests will ally . 
  it 's not a liege-vassal relation . 
  ** alliances are usually beneficial to the junior partner , that 's a bit of an axiom in history . 
  ** all anti-nato europeans/putinists fail to see that . 
  they believe just because the american partner is stronger , that somehow is against their interests . 
  while america would want few things more than getting out of this ungrateful money sink that is european defense , and transferring assets to places that actually matter ( their pivoting in se asia/pacific region ) . 
  did stefan beat hadim pasha with foreign backing ? 
  did we invade hungary with foreign backing ? 
  did we stand up to moscow in 1968 with foreign backing ? 
  there 's not many romanians to go about , definitely not more than russians , turks and germans . 
  and we did n't control that much of a territory . 
  leaving our possibility of solitary foreign policy rather limited . 
  history is a bitch like that . 
  what about editing the whole world \u00e0 la a custom grand strategy games ? 
  erase all history and start it from the beginning . 
  did we kiss the ass of austro-hungary , which we beat fair and square , with numerical and equipment inferiority ? 
  we did n't really kiss the ass of anyone . 
  even so , serbia did the opposite . 
  where 's serbia now ? 
  yeah , right , receiving billions from the eu and the us just to stay afloat . 
  we digged our own grave by electing fascists . 
  america is unlikely to visa waiver poland and romania . 
  what exactly are we selling to america ? 
  all i see is america investing in this country , in both defense and economy , without getting anything back except one cia interrogation room used for like 10 terrorists . 
  the us ( and the eu ) have vested interests in maintaining rule of law , strong institutions and a working democracy here . 
  romania , poland and to some extent bulgaria are the american golden boys in europe . 
  when will people like you understand integration with western institutions is beneficial to everyone , everytime ? 
  whilst rejecting this inevitable process puts you on the path farthest from democracy , liberal values , the free market . 
  which usually ends up in your country either bombed or collapsed economically . 
  how many times does this have to happen before the world learns ? 
  i would feel especially safe near the bases of the most powerful military alliance in history , yes . 
  some of these treatsies also dismantled colonial rule over british cyprus . 
  you like those ones , right ? 
  it 's literally not your country . 
  borders are not directly determined by geography . 
  i 'm sorry , many countries throughout history had to share an island . 
  there is nothing colonial about these bases . 
  just two sovereign nations fulfilling the conditions of past bilateral agreements . 
  romania has been pretty sovereign , moreso than most nations since 1860s . 
  romania had been the most pro-western communist government in europe , to the point many in moscow would wonder as to our commitements to the warsaw pact . 
  [ look at these merry douchebags . 
  ] ( http://www.bacau.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/ceausescu-nixon.jpg ) also , romania supported dubeck in czechoslovakia , and did not take part in the soviet invasion , a huge act of defiance ( out of many smaller ones ) your `` argument '' is completely irrelevant to the question of the british areas . 
  just wanted to address the points . 
  there is only one status quo that 's stable , as it has been shown since 1990 . 
  euroamerican hegemony over the world . 
  history is not fair . 
  sucks , innit ? 
  meanwhile , here we are . 
  you have no power . 
  no documents . 
  and no moral highground . 
  they make cyprus safe and basically under the conditions of the treaty , cyprus can do whatever it wants with the territories , as long as it does n't affect the bases . 
  and britain ca n't do anything with the territory , except use the bases . 
  whachu gon na do about it ? 
  whine to the eu , an eu that 's more and more keen on appeasing britain before its referendum ? 
  good luck . 
  the uk retained the areas , under the 1960 treaty of independence . 
  the treaty was agreed and signed by representatives from the greek and turkish cypriot communities . 
  making it now a rightful , sovereign british territory . 
  you 're more than welcome to try to take them back from britain . 
  good luck . 
  do you think turkey has absolutely any ambitions in bulgaria , beyond just further cooperation ? 
  meanwhile putin with his salami tactics and a population that wants ussr back , well ... who knows what will happen in 30 years , after he 's gone . 
  britain , as a sovereign nation , can do whatever it wants on their rightful territory . 
  what 's the point of these bases if cypriots had any power to prevent them from being used ? 
  their arguments could be used for absolutely any conflict whatsoever . 
  everything in the article is a complete sensationalist lie which i would 've expected from sputnik or rt but not yahoo . 
  how is turkey suffering ? 
  it 's just a retarded article . 
  russia is not planning more sanctions than the one on tomato imports . 
  besides the effects on tourism , what 's gon na happen to turkey really ? 
  in the case of complete cessation of ru-tur economic relations which is impossible and benefits nobody . 
  can the kremlin afford to lose more clients with this oil price , being basically a huge gas station with a big army ? 
  [ ** besides tomato imports and the probable effects on tourism , russia has n't imposed any sanctions and is not planning on more ** ] ( http://www.themoscowtimes.com/news/article/russia-is-not-planning-more-turkey-sanctions---minister/552035.html ) the paper bear roars again . 
  declaring war on a member of a coalition while having high aggressive expansion and overextension might turn out to be your end . 
  1 ) not bombing / mowing down protesters ( at that time , yet unarmed ) 2 ) not threaten using ** chemical weapons on your countrymen ** jordan : they were dealing with similar mass protests : king abdullah dismissed the government and called for early elections . 
  the transition was peaceful . 
  oman : dismissed the cabinet , new ministers , more lawmaking power to their parliament kuwait : dissolution of parliament , early elections tunisia ( where it all began , protests much more sudden and massive than at the beginning in syria ) : release of political prisoners , dissolution of political police , new constitution . 
  tunisia is now a functioning democracy . 
  neither does the usa . 
  europe is a burden to a more and more isolationist america , rather concerned with pivoting in south east asia/pacific regions . 
  they get nothing from the money invested in european defense , except ungrateful hipsters calling them imperialist . 
  i 'm certain all these lockhead f35 contracts will keep popping regardless if the us maintains presence in europe or not . 
  i 've read an article recently on fp purporting that dismantling us bases in europe would be great for the american defense industry , seeing as at least a part of the hardware will be replaced by acquiring american arms . 
  are you sane ? 
  i mean , i get it you 're a putinbot . 
  but do you even realize that turkey has been dealing with a lot more immigrants than europe ? 
  they 're not blackmailing anyone . 
  there were no threats in their request . 
  they simply asked for assistance . 
  it would be much preferable to europe they get provided proper conditions in turkey . 
  otherwise , turkey will simply not be able to keep them under control from crossing into greece . 
  it is not the turks that started this whole mess , and they were actually cordial with syria in 2011 before assad decided to shoot people instead of making / some / political changes .
