  he 's better to you because you are a brainwashed simpleton , building your ideology upon the ramblings of frustrated hipsters in this hyper-leftist echo chamber . 
  thank god none of you pinko talibans possess any political power , beyond grassroots populism . 
  i hope sanity will prevail and western institutions will just annihilate any communists before they gain momentum . 
  at least in the uk , with a proper voting system , you can prevent fringe extremists from taking power . 
  but even with gerrymandering , it 's probably too late for america . 
  while we are up in arms about some poor hordes of refugees , the bernie sanders reddit religion is threatening to put a communist in the white house . 
  a communist stands a chance to become the leader of the free world . 
  that should put things in perspective . 
  why would you call a person holding those views nazi ? 
  there 's certainly a lot of racists who are anti-immigration , but i would reasonably say most are just normal people , looking for their own interests and the interests of their communities . 
  i literally do n't believe in the idea of `` biological race '' ( as i study this stuff formally and it makes no scientific sense ) yet i can , for some reason , be a `` nazi '' . 
  the logic of self-flagellating leftists is wonderful to behold . 
  do you comprehend how pathetic you are ? 
  people like you are not helping your masochistic cause . 
  it 's funny how you are more of an expert on your strategic defense requirements than your defense ministry . 
  you should lead their aquisitions department . 
  i 'm sure absolutely all of them are fleeing actual armed conflict . 
  there 's no way many could just be illegal immigrants looking to bypass normal avenues of acquiring welfare , even though it has been studied and confirmed a large portion of them are likely just economic migrants . 
  jesus christ man . 
  that 's why people call centrists/right-leaning folk on this issue `` racist '' , even though most of the arguments are not in any shape or form racist or discriminatory - but saying `` white europeans will be a minority '' , something that would only barely happen in a century even with the current substantial rates of migration ( which , imo , are not likely to last for ever ) . 
  how is skin color important ? 
  we should be wondering more how better to integrate those who come here , how to ascertain with some degree of accuracy that they are actually asylum seekers not just disguised illegal economic migrants , how to be realistically able to reject those who are n't , how to implement programs similar to the process of aquiring of citizenship ( make sure they understand laws are secular and adapt to the culture ) , how to prevent the formation of enclaves and crime filled ghettos . 
  in your mind the fact they 're not white is ** seriously the issue here ? 
  ** i 'm genuinely starting to think a lot of the very vocally anti-immigration people are actually somewhat racist . 
  romanian gdp in 2015 , as of this quarter , will be impossible to be under 199.05 billion ? 
  [ and the numbers of eu spending / ro contribution are similar in 2015 as in 2013 . 
  ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/budget/mycountry/ro/index_en.cfm ) and yes , i said i stand corrected and i was mislead to believe romania is a net contributor . 
  and i was n't addressing you when speaking about that little retarded fuck 's `` charity case '' comment . 
  4 billion out of 200 is 1/50 . 
  i stand corrected though . 
  romania ** was ** a net contributor in 2007 and the balance was close to 0 in 2008 though , due to our bureaucratic failure spend european development funds . 
  i keep hearing it in our media and i suppose i did n't check the data closely enough . 
  that little shit should n't call it a charity case though . 
  our markets are flooded with western european products , being a net importer of almost everything eu wise . 
  our eu integration it far from charity , and very far from a `` charity case '' , but a mutually beneficial free trade agreement . 
  does your average kraut actually believe that nonsense ? 
  nobody had to bail eastern europeans out ( as opposed to pigs ) , we 've been running sustainable budgets and a very regulated banking sector that required no bailouts in phases of recession and liquidity crisis . 
  it gets tiresome to hear that misconception over and over again . 
  til 1/50th of our gdp = `` charity case '', 
  `` everything east of berlin that 's part of the eu is one huge charity case being paid for thanks to `` simple minded socialists '' . '', 
  kek . 
  except the little fact we 're net contributors to the eu ( except for poland which has a very high absorbtion rate of eu funds ) . 
  and most of europe is far from socialist . 
  how would that be the rational choice ? 
  give in and risk the domino effect , of other pigs feeling entitled to massive debt forgiveness ? 
  some simple colorful charts for simple minded socialists , missing any economic fundamentals beyond the populist rhetoric . 
  in which way your `` opposite '' would have any meaning though ? 
  i 'm not some libertarian psychopath wishing for corporate tribal warfare just because i value the sanctity of property ( a fundamental human right recognized by the un , by the way ) . 
  welfare is obviously needed and those disadvantaged should have their basic needs assured , and even basic income for a chance . 
  centrist technocratic policy is the established norm in the western world and it 's not going anywhere . 
  we 're in luck that the only people that want the real complete opposite are a very small political minority of mentally deranged hipster failures , with no institutional power - no guns , no drones , no spies and no media . 
  i hope you get the revolution you hope for so i can put bullets in marxists just like my grandad did in 1989 . 
  yeah , i want the freedom to make something of myself and acquire wealth massively superior relative to my community and my peers . 
  and i want the freedom to fail too ( which is the most likely outcome ) , without having society pay for my failures . 
  i do n't want to live in some bullshit egalitarian robot state . 
  are you fucking insane with this retarded populist rhetoric ? 
  arrest him for what ? 
  for his platform being a failure ? 
  for being held hostage by the extremists in his party ? 
  for being a bad negotiator ? 
  with all of syriza 's fault , there are next to no reasons to think tsipras or anyone in his cabinet was corrupt . 
  they have been throroughly transparent with everything . 
  tsipras failure is the fundemental flaw of socialist ideology , and expecting it to be possible to be implemented in a modern country in 2015 . 
  you ca n't hold him accountable because the people voted simply for either bad policies , or policies with no chance of implementation , which were although promised . 
  trump is more liberal than bush and the voting record of sanders on domestic issues is almost exactly the same as clinton 's . 
  do n't worry , the world is not about to be led by commies or nazis - it 's just that political pr is becoming more populist to appeal to new media . 
  the only taxes i 'd have to pay are for property . 
  if i have a business and register it elsewhere , the abusive welfare states of origin can just suck my cock . 
  the job creators of europe will slowly get tired of getting milked , and will move on toward actually free economic environments , just as it happened with france . 
  what will you commies do ? 
  build fences and walls again , to keep us in slavery , just like warsaw pact countries during the cold war ? 
  saudi arabia does n't finance isis . 
  some of 20.000 members of the house of saud caste are rich enough and wahabbist enough to do it themselves . 
  nobody can tax me if i want to get the fuck out of your marxist shithole . 
  someday you will run out of other people 's money and i 'll be living safetly working in america - where i can actually exploit my skills without having to sustain european leeches and islamist cowards . 
  i have no responsability for what happened centuries ago . 
  especially not germany , especially not eastern european countries or the baltics . 
  the whole of history consists of groups of people taking something from other groups of people , that does n't belong to either of them in the first place . 
  i reiterate : i 'm not against accomodating refugees , even in large numbers ( but we should be more strict : a lot of them are not asylum seekers but simple economic migrants ) . 
  the rationale though , is not that they are owed something but that human rights are fundamental , codified by the un , and it 's the humane thing to do . 
  they should come here humble and ready to integrate , and not entitled . 
  it 's not helping your cause when you push the whole `` duty '' argument . 
  people wo n't suddenly become accepting of large numbers of immigrants just because some leftist blames them personally for these people 's issues , and not the people who started their retarded religious wars ( the immigrants themselves ) . 
  it might have the opposite effect . 
  in fact , at least in my case , the more i hear it , the more i 'm reconsidering my stance . 
  colonialism worked pretty fine for us ( well , not `` us '' , the imperial powers of the time ) maybe if they developed superior technology they 'd be the one colonizing . 
  and let 's not forget our `` western brothers '' , the ottomans , whose imperialism drew just as many artificial borders . 
  the time between the islamic golden age and the beginning of european secularism is greater than between the islamic golden age the height of the roman empire . 
  roman society had higher standards of living than the rest of their world , a more complex , stable social structure , scientific and technological superiority to everyone else on earth and a weird but strangely modern form of secularism . 
  would you say their culture , founded upon slavery and oppression , is superior to modern liberal democracy or equal to it ? 
  due to the fundamentally rigid nature of islamic law ( as opposed to christian doctrine ) , they have n't managed to socially evolve past medieval times , when social stability was easily ensured by simple religious laws . 
  how is saying `` cultural inferiority '' racist ? 
  all cultures are equal : occidental european culture which gave rise to the codifying of fundamental human rights is as equally `` good '' for a society as salafism ? 
  as a matter of fact , i 'm just in an argument with some retard on / r/russia about the existence of race . 
  spoilers : races do n't exist and are a social construct that has nothing to do with modern anthropology . 
  i literally do n't believe human races exist ( and scientifically speaking , they do n't ) , or even genetically discrete groupings of people - but for some reason i can be racist for not wanting sharia law in my neighbourhood . 
  the logic on masochistic leftists like you is simply a wonder to behold . 
  but yes , i 'll give you that recognizing their cultural inferiority due to different geo-historical conditions is a bit xenophobic . 
  still not the west 's fault or responsability . 
  the cia caused the arab spring ?
