  from whence a decision is taken politically , to its administrative implementation there are such mind boggingly complex mechanisms that the effects are rarely in tune with the political project . 
  and i 'm not even talking about bureaucracy only . 
  nobody knows anything , about anything , fuck man , nobody , i 'm telling you . 
  media , policy makers , the subjects of policies . 
  being high and reading legislation in an educated manner is the trippiest shit ever . 
  it still somehow works because there are rules and kelsen 's hierarchy of norms . 
  studying this shit has humbled me to the point i find it hard to comment on any issue because all i can see are the endless variables , drowning my convictions . 
  man . . 
  what makes you so sure romania would recognize kosovo ? 
  the same reasons for lack of recognition apply to slovakia ( the hungarian minority ) . 
  read this guy 's comment history . 
  especially the parts about nwo and the codex alimentarius . 
  it 's amazing . 
  `` misery to the lives of millions '' . 
  literally eussr . 
  salaries and pensions were cut , but they mostly returned to the same levels in about 2 years . 
  the imf debt is almost paid off and we did n't even require the whole of the loaned sum . 
  more years of deficit in the name of not borrowing would have probably increased the debt long term . 
  nobody 's going to mention it in the media because , as always , the imf is the perfect boogeyman and the public opinion gobbles the narrative up . 
  that 's because you are either stupid of indoctrinated . 
  do you seriously have any argument except for a vague sense of hate towards the west ? 
  it 's the most expansive military block ever conceived and a guarantee of security like no other , at no demanded costs . 
  they also passed legislation protecting gay rights . 
  georgia is doing just that . 
  get back to russia today with phrases like `` they end up becoming worse than them '' . 
  `` modern materialistic corporate empty culture like the us '' you mean the culture and system of values that built and rebuilt the modern world , and the reason actual multiculturalism and diveristy exist now in the us ? 
  the problem is that people do n't value money and their interests more than feeble , transitory traditions . 
  it 's good russia is such a bastion for free speech and minority rights that a vocal disruptive group could be a threat . 
  you are so naive it hurts : (, 
  exactly this . 
  and it mostly happens that being aligned with us interests ( global trade , democratic transition of power , rule of law ) is in most countries ' interest . 
  us eu citizens and nations need to cooperate diplomatically and military , as a single voice on the world stage - if only when our collective interests are at stake . 
  we might not always have the comfort of a defensive , involved america watching over and it is unfair to demand that . 
  but we might always border an insane , expansionistic bully supported by an indoctrinated population ( the only time there 's more russians marching than in support of putin is when they gang-torture gay people ) . 
  the russians i see are the war hungry hordes chanting for putin in moscow . 
  when they do n't torture and kill homosexuals , of course . 
  yes . 
  realpolitik gets shit done . 
  the russia you know is probably russia today . 
  you provide no statistical proof for any of the trends or demographics you 're claiming . 
  furthermore you mistake `` ethnicity '' for `` nationality '' . 
  all these gypsies you speak of / are / romanians , by virtue of their birth certificate . 
  also , you 're a nazi . 
  one of these `` noua dreapta '' nazis , but still an emptyskulled nazi . 
  and nobody will ever take you seriously . 
  oh , and it 's nice you 're a nationalist and decided to run away . 
  what a fucking hypocrite . 
  `` the problem of gypsies '' . 
  sorry , i had to report you for hate speech . 
  i literally am whiter than almost anyone i know ( also due to a vitamin d deficiency ) . 
  if i were the blackest gypsy in this country , that would n't matter . 
  and also my family earns ~ 50 times more than my aunts family , if that has any relevance ( it should n't , but you 're judgmental so . . ) . i mentioned her because she 's an example for me . 
  i mentioned that she decided to go to college in her forties , something you would never have the balls to do . 
  believe me , i have all the disdain for the twisted values gyspy culture exudes - which is why i mentioned an example that goes against all of them . 
  but you are a racist , and racism is like religion , which is why i wo n't ever expect you to understand why their ethnicity would not matter if they were to be educated . 
  oh , and do n't pop out children if you 're too much of a frustrated poorfag to maintain them , blaming society for your troubles . 
  that 's what gypsies do , taken right from your judgmental rant . 
  mars . 
  you 're a fucking racist . 
  nope . 
  i do n't know how to translate the legal concept in english , it 's this https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/cr%c3%a9ance ( in french ) . 
  basically , the bank has the judicial possibility through a writ of execution , to execute your patrimony . 
  it does n't own the house , and repayment does n't have to be the house . 
  you do n't get evicted . 
  of course , realistically , it 's unlikely the rest of your patrimony has as much value as the house - but it 's very different from the bank owning the property . 
  what is this independence bullshit , `` unilateral declaration '' and why would a nation state in 2015 allow for secession ? 
  does n't spain have an army ? 
  do n't spaniards care about something as basic as territorial integrity ? 
  maybe bucharest should secede from romania because our gdp per capita is higher than the european average , whilst the romanian one is half the eu average . 
  let 's have a europe full of rich , small states , which continue fracturing based on the logic of `` fuck you , i 've got mine '', 
  mostly , descendants of owners have claimed back their property after they were nationalized in the 40s/50s . 
  it was a huge clusterfuck for the past 25 years but it mostly subsided now . 
  also there 's a culture of ownership in response to decades of heavy communist oppression . 
  i personally do n't ever want to live in a place i do not own , and would rather sacrifice financial security and incurr debt rather than be at the mercy of the state or landlords . 
  ** i always found it funny how populism is used as a slur , i mean if you are in a democracy the most democratic thing would be to follow the will of the people . 
  ** because we live in representative democracies ( mostly ) , which , beyond your simplistic understanding , have underlying norms more important than the will of the people ( such as human rights ) . 
  how about the populist voices that want migrants walled out despite un conventions ? 
  or is populism only okay when fuelling leftist masochism ? 
  people , en masse , have no understanding of societal issues beyond the scope of their livelihoods , and especially not law - which is why lawyers are hired and politicians are elected ( for very similar endeavors , at different scales ) ** another word i have noticed lately is nativism , usually it is used instead of just outright calling people racist . 
  ** it 's not racism , although it overlaps . 
  in the twisted mind of masochistic leftist insanity , valuing your countries ' citizens well being above others is racist nowadays . 
  for me , and for most sane people , dare i say the majority of the world , citizenship is much more important than race ( something that does n't really exist , scientifically speaking ) , religion , political allignment , etc. 
  if this is about immigration , i 'm not even against it for actual asylum seekers , no matter their numbers , but i will always put romanians , europeans and western people first , in that order ( no matter their race , ancestry , religion ) simply because they probably share my values and my collective ( factually superior ) civilization . 
  learn to spot the difference . 
  people who claim `` whites will be a minority in europe in 69 years '' ( as if that fucking matters ) are probably racist . 
  people who say `` we should probably review and filter actual asylum seekers from profiteering economic migrants '' are not , or at least they do n't espouse a racist viewpoint . 
  watch out throwing the word racist word around . 
  you 're trying to make a strawman happen , but it wo n't . 
  rather , moderate people will start to become alienated by being constantly insulted - despite constant social progress . 
  and then they wo n't think much about opposing actual racists or drawing in to the appeal of reactionarism ( `` race realists '' ) of the likes that dwell on / pol / , stormfront , trumps , le pens , etc. 
  +7 voted up comment ** `` use this on syrian migrants '' ** what the fuck ? 
  they perceive any eastward nato expansion like that . 
  as a very pro-nato person , i just think it 's unnecessary . 
  i do n't believe in `` we should n't be hurting russian pride/sphere of influence '' or any of that bullshit . 
  russia is not a superpower but an ordinary petrostate , with no real grand position in the world . 
  even so , sweden is integrated in many nato c&c structures . 
  sweden provided over 2500 recoinnasance reports to nato , it took part in operation unified protector ( the libya no fly zone ) with 8 grippen and some logistical aircraft , it was part of isaf and many other joint operations . 
  in reality sweden is only formally not a nato member ; and unless they forsee that article 5 might come in handy in the future ( let 's be reasonable , russia will not start a hybrid war in sweden ) i just do n't see the need for further knee jerk reactions . 
  cia would probably put a bullet in his head before that madness would happen . 
  i only wish they did it sooner , before he gained some acolytes to his religion . .
