  aggregate industrial consumption has been increasing ** a lot ** ( lately ) [ http://economie.hotnews.ro/stiri-finante_banci-18274895-productia-industriala-primele-8-luni-din-acest-crestere-7-6.htm] but coal 's share does n't necessarily have to skyrocket if it 's corellated with new production methods , initiatives of efficiency , waste recycling and general innovation . 
  and even if it does , it 's a necessary sacrifice . 
  ** his country does not oppose ex-soviet states seeking closer ties with western countries ** the grad batteries in luhansk are just fireworks . 
  as an eastern european , putin makes me feel safe . 
  at least he 's a cold , calculated , rational leader pursuing interest . 
  ** what 's going to happen when he 's no longer in office and the ultranationalist russians ( aka most russians , judging by polls ) take over ? 
  ** putin is the sanest among those in the duma . 
  putin is what keeping the natural russian aggression in check . 
  and that is why we have to integrate west and improve our defense spending . 
  it 's not just the present aggressive foreign policy of russia , but a general irrational mentality that is unlikely to change in the forseeable future . 
  as a romanian , i had no idea . 
  til !, 
  fusion and thorium are such moneysinks i ca n't wrap my mind around it . 
  most specialists agree they 're pipe dreams - and i mean real specialists , not idealists holding tedtalks . 
  just like the retarded bric propaganda claiming there 's an alternative to modern neoliberalism and a strong western foreign policy . 
  you would be more of a world leader and exporter without populist-motivated nuclear moratoriums , but i guess you have the luxury to do that . 
  there 's no german hate man . 
  at least not where i 'm from . 
  we 're about to vote for a kraut president ( and i know i will ) . 
  in fact , most of the public opinion in the west is blaming germany for not taking more of a leading role in stuff : d, 
  that 's the fault of our administration and the incapable current socialist government , but still the absortion rate is much higher than 1 % and a lot of porgrammes have been extremely successful ( recent example from this summer - the regio development funds ) it 's basically free money . 
  ca n't help but feel a little twinge . 
  yes . 
  do n't even remind me of that . 
  i kind of understand the anti-resource exploitation sentiment in the past two years . 
  the rosia montana project was kind of a swindle and would n't have been beneficial . 
  but the hydrocarb exploitation in moldova would have been a great boon , both economic and strategic , especially during the current crisis . 
  as usual , extremely-leftist ngos fuck everything up . 
  the invasion of hipsters . 
  that would be wonderful . 
  [ romania 's energy usage is already mostly hydro and renewable ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/energy_in_romania#mediaviewer/file:graph_romania_electricity_supply_mix_2010.svg ) . 
  doubling cernavoda 's output could leave coal and oil even at 10 % . 
  this would benefit the whole region and europe as a whole . 
  this is what the eu was made for . 
  it almost makes me feel guilty that we 're receiving so many structural development funds from western europe - but even so it 's foolish to think there will be no return on these investments , like the isolationist eurosceptics would have you believe . 
  thank god we have none of these extremist ecologists here like in germany . 
  all they have ever managed by curtailing nuclear power with their kneejerk reactions is to increase reliance on fossil fuels and thus cause pollution , waste and foreign dependence . 
  i know a bit of the kurdish sociopolitical reality . 
  although they are the most moderate ethnic identity that adhere to sunni islam , i think it 's pretty exaggerated to call them secular . 
  they still practice a lot of tribal traditions like female genital mutilation . 
  sadly enough , the only kurdish political entity that 's truly secular , the pkk is the one responsible for almost all the terrorism that kurds can be blamed for . 
  though overall i agree that kurdistan is a good model for the middle east . 
  i wrote that comment a bit more hot headed than i 'd like and i feel it sounded racist . 
  * sighs * i just wish all of this would stop . 
  oh look , dirty communists in 2014 . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're not far off from the scum portrayed in the video and their whelps . 
  how 's that socialism working out for ya , frenchies ? 
  have you looked at the dollar lately ? 
  or america , fucking america becoming a gas exporter ( the us was never closer to energy independence ) ? 
  or its 4 % growth rivaling developing countries like china ? 
  europe is in full recovery too with debt decreasing absolutely everywere but spain . 
  repeating a lie often enough wo n't make it true or collapse capitalism , nor will it help your kremlin employees, 
  you must be fucking insane to equate some internet monitoring of drug dealers and extremists ( i should know , i 'm part of the former and a big fan of cryptoanarchism ) to the opressie , restrictive and borderline authoritarian kremlin . 
  whose examples of real fucking oppression and brainwashing would put leftist tumblrites to shame . 
  more subversive tactics by russophiles . 
  we should roll over and endure russian aggression because some hillbilly shot a black kid in ferguson or beause there 's too many security cameras in london . 
  you 're implying russia , a country with the gdp of italy , is even close to being the same league as the us . 
  you 're just spouting kremlin propaganda ( looking at your history ) to inflame the antiamerican sentiment all too prevalent here . 
  ** the real conflict is between the eu and russia , the us is just a pawn . 
  ** they would much rather shift their assets to the asian - pacific region which is the current american foreign policy ; yet they keep pumping money into ungrateful , socialist europe , against their interests , just because it 's democratic . 
  also , russia . . a superpower . . whenever i hear that it 's hard to suppress laughter . 
  then i get sad at the propaganda you 've been fed . 
  i ca n't wait for those lng gas hubs to be operational so europe can make a real dent into russia 's budget with real sanctions . 
  there 's no conspiracy , just a lot o people with good intentions but little knowledge of international relations , geopolitics or military strategy . 
  actual analysts that deal in facts and reason do not take inaction as a viable response to any aggression . 
  i 'm attacking your ideas and you are responding with a racist ad hominem . 
  it 's truly the epitome of leftist talking points ; betraying their internalized xenophobia . 
  and that dictatorship is the reason russian influence must never be exerted over europe again . 
  i 'd rather die , fight and kill russocialists/oligarchs than tolerate russian influence again , and so would most eastern europeans every single country that exited the russian sphere of influence is as of 2014 more developed than russia itself . 
  that anti-eu rhetoric bringing up eastern europe is so retarded and outdated it 's not even employed by euroskeptics anymore . 
  2007 was long ago , if you have n't noticed . 
  even shitty romania overtook russia in wages , education , healthcare and hdi . 
  http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index so fuck off with your subversions . 
  people are starting to realize who the enemy is . 
  russia fights fascist and does n't afraid of anything . 
  damn , looks like drugs are n't available to buy anymore . 
  they finally won the war . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_human_development_index how does it feel when fucking romania overtook russia in the human development index ; also with the aid of evil western capitalists ? 
  get back to your asian country , please . 
  the one with the gdp of italy still thinking it 's a superpower . 
  the cold war is far from over and the us remais the only reliable partner of europe , even against their own american economic interests . 
  how long until the american people get tired to maintain the security of a group of countries that are completely ungrateful ? 
  get the fuck out , useful idiot . 
  we 're finally waking up to kremlin 's subversive tactics to stirr dissent in the free world and stupid hippies are like `` waaaah , i 'm saddened , why ca n't there be rainbows and sunshine '', 
  russia has no right to interfere in the self determination of ukraine 's people . 
  why should russia `` win '' ? 
  why ca n't we pursue western interests and then apply power to subvert russian interests , if those are contradicting ? 
  russia has been the greatest menace on the free world the past century . 
  there is no concept of diplomacy in russian foreign politics . 
  the west should take its example and act the same way . 
  good . 
  populist masses sometimes need to get tricked to prevent social destabilization . 
  i 'd have done the same . 
  it would be just stupid to make concessions after you 've won . 
  you mean developing , applying power , defending freedom and its interests but doing more to avoid infringing on human rights than its enemies ? 
  like that america ? 
  as a post-cultural , post-populism strong republic ? 
  i wish you were right . 
  i 'd like to see that europe , but i do n't think the trend is towards federalization . 
  the problem is that america did not completely eradicate socialism from here .
