  ( i 'm not stating this and i reckon we try and play on `` our league '' and we expect others who join to be on par , i 'm just saying what i try and think of when i feel frustrated ), 
  my ativ s died and i just grabbed a 640 for 90 $ . 
  first difference ... screen quality . 
  whelp , too late for this one . 
  nope . 
  alas , i just bought a l640 . 
  goodbye , unsupported oems . 
  it 's my second non samsung mobile in 16 years give or take ( other was a nokia 8210 heh ), 
  ^ ( but it hurts , looking at my beloved ativ s dead on my desk ... ), 
  pretty sure that 's not possible . 
  you can mute conversations in some apps , but that works inside the app and will kill all notifications . 
  the phone itself ca n't distinguish between a group , or specific user , it just knows * `` hey , the app whatsapp sent me a push notification , what shall i do with it ? 
  for that to be possible it would not only have to be encoded inside whatsapp , but the os itself would also have to be capable of telling from different tipes of possible notification types from a single app . 
  at least now , it 's not possible at all . 
  ... and now i own a lumia 640 . 
  i suppose i flashed a very bad image . 
  doesnt happen on windows phone ... always logged in, 
  me and my wife are both 31 . 
  but i would add my parents are 80 and 78 and are both sporting windows phones ( 7.8 and 8.1 ) . 
  have a ~ ~ nephew ~ ~ niece of 18 with one too , she likes it , but she 's not crazy about phones . 
  that . 
  readit, 
  i got the same issue after flashing over w10m from the bogus update . 
  bought a 640 . 
  its nearly impossible finding an official image for the ativ s , and with hard brick your only hope would be jtag ( hardwiring the pcb ) . 
  and yes , i pestered the experts over at xda : /, 
  now i have a non-samsung phone for the first time in 15 years . 
  hey yall , new player coming and loving the game so far . 
  * xbox one, 
  * gmt ( lisbon ), 
  * hunter 16 ( not gon na use the spark thingie on my first char ), 
  * pve in general, 
  * mic depending on wife aggro , usually turned off, 
  * feel free to add me , i 'm a noobish but friendly and relaxed player with a loooong mmo experience . 
  i 'm loving destiny so far even tho i just started and only play after work a couple hours , whats bugging me the most is not being able to find other players for group zones . 
  i 'd love to play with a fireteam , but would rather meet others at my level than being chaperoned around by a max level player ( sherpa 'd ? ), 
  hey !, 
  great post , you seem like a really nice guy for someone who hates people , 
  i 'm still too low to join but i 'll make sure to come along sometime in the near future !, 
  just got destiny !, 
  same here !, 
  do not underestimate minecraft . 
  i run the crappy watch dogs port or far cry 4 silky smooth and i have to restart minecraft every 45 minutes . 
  ^ ( might be the 200 mods running on the server maybes , but hey , they are server side !, 
  i 'm loving it so far . 
  bugs are minimal . 
  performance is a little slugish , battery life is okay . 
  all my apps worked correctly , some nokia settings ** updates ** are bugged on the store beta . 
  fast ring all the way . 
  mind you this is my opinion on a 640 lte and does not invalidate the other comments !, 
  oh , might be of interest that the preview nuked my former ativ s. well , actually the preview worked + - fine , flashing back to 8.1 killed it due to the suspicious quality of images found online without the support of the official recovery tool . 
  good ` ol gaslighting, 
  oooo you 're in for a nice , wild ride . 
  except it will take a cent off your savings account with every connection . 
  for verification purposes . 
  edit : ( / sarcasm ), 
  funny how in portugal, 
  * lumia 640 lte ~ 140 $ ( got mine for 90 $ on contract ), 
  * lumia 930 ~ 450 $, 
  lol pricing, 
  the 640 lte is a very nice phone for its price , my ativ s died and i bought one while waiting for 950 and i 'm actually enjoying it a lot, 
  well , you have to * believe * you made the right decision for yourself before anything else . 
  even if it takes thinking about it when it does n't seem like it would have to , you get the point ? 
  regarding your friend , if you can be confident about this to yourself , you can convey that image unto others and he will know you took a decision that was better for you , and will have to understand . 
  i 'm 31 myself and i have n't lead a very different life from yours , but i have seen enough to be able to tell you yourself are and will always be the hardest person to impress and convince regarding your life decisions . 
  misleading/clickbait title . 
  that story is goddamn disturbing , one of the best i 've seen in nosleep . 
  short , too . 
  i would dare say hundreds . 
  need a new build , my 640 is stuck on the start screen loading loop since yesterday , even after 1 soft resets or so ... 
  i say 13,456, 
  thanks for the giveaway !, 
  you sir , are awesome . 
  if you manage , tell them to hot wire the hotas into your brain !, 
  taht will make perma fa off easier , 
  best wishes cmdr o7, 
  samsung is dead / sobs, 
  hope to join you soon !, 
  ( vafolive 262 hunter newbie ), 
  pretty well tbh . 
  do we land in a federal watchlist for entering this giveaway ? 
  you 're overreacting . 
  they are merely making loose math on how much you 'd have to spend to embrace a full ecosystem around each particular device . 
  the title is poorly worded because it leads to thinking each device will be crippled without purchasing the whole slew of new devices , but its a `` curiosity '' post for windows phone additcs on the windows phone addicts website . 
  i enjoyed it . 
  it actually gave me the semi usefull info of how much would i need to steal in order to bask in ms goodness . 
  oooooo nice this is one on my wishlist :d, 
  graphics felt gorgeous ... 
  but i 'm not buying it . 
  i foresee too many 14 year olds with lightning reflexes and snipe 360 scopes playing for me to have some fun . 
  not saying i was n't expecting it , but it is indeed a fast paced fps respawn fest, 
  +1 to this , i actually could n't agree more . 
  quite honestly , i would have to buy nothing else to be able to enjoy a shiny 950 , not even the wireless charging fluff . 
  implying you need to buy an extra 4k display to use the phone is ridiculous . 
  maybe i 'm hitting an absurdity threshold thats blinding me to the article , but i still think the grain of salt is implyed on it . 
  euhm ... er . . destiny actually seems to have a pretty mature community !, 
  amen to that . 
  and of course i will buy a power pillow . 
  but i am a sucker for shinies ... 
  oh no you did n't .
