  it gets better because it now supports my maiden language , portuguese . 
  other than that , seems slightly worse really . 
  but its getting better lately ( learning ? ), 
  i would n't count on third party support anytime soon ... 
  but damn i love this keyboard . 
  the only one i can see having an advantage over ms keyboard is the new swiftkey neural . 
  lumia 640 . 
  but i 've been on windows phone since long before having an xbox . 
  i think my case is more like `` windows phone users , what console do you have ? '', 
  i like to live dangerously . 
  either way , i 'm waiting till all apps are installed/updated and then i 'll slap it silly till it works . 
  is n't there an option to keep wifi on on screen off ? 
  not restoring is the very last option . 
  i ended up doing the reset ... it works now . 
  you oni sellout . 
  done, 
  inspect element is your friend . 
  new is good !, 
  i do n't care for a translated cortana . 
  i just wish they 'd drop the regional lock . 
  another great giveaway !, 
  i 'll post a link to my battlestation when i get home , 
  oh , is it over already ? 
  did it yesterday . 
  still worth it , first time evar, 
  wow , that was bad . 
  are you british perchance ? 
  i picked fwc randomly by location on my first week of destiny . 
  am now on my 4th week and still not sure if i can farm all the faction reputations eventually or if it resets upon changing faction and i lose the ability to equip stuff i got from them . 
  good job mate !, 
  fair enough . 
  either way , i will tip my hat off for your courage , or overwhelming desire to post these . 
  / bow, 
   the last time i filled up a tank of gas in the dream timeline it cost me three digits . 
  you did n't move to the future , you just moved to europe . 
  you say the sencond race you encountered ceased to develop a space program after finding you . 
  why was that , and what possible harm do you bring , be it intentional or unintentional upon the races you visit ? 
  from what you have encountered and where you come from , would you think we are more at risk of being invadedor , or becoming invasors in an alien culture ? 
  if you killed ( a lot of ? ), 
  individuals with a different opinion from yours in your homeworld , representatives of a popular movement in your own culture , * are you a tourist or a runaway convict ? 
  you seem like an individual that likes to be entertained . 
  ergo , i 'll pose a question for the entertainment value it may have to you , rather than worrying about the danger it may pose for us . 
  so if we decided we are not fond of your presence around here , or we reach the conclusion that you are of no further value to us , how easy would it be for our race to get to you and get your fuck out of our lawn and stop wasting our time while we prepare for interstellar expansion ? 
  we aint got no immortality and we got shit to do . 
  time is money yo . 
  fine then , you can stay . 
  can someone paste the changelog for poor us corporate players ? 
  the hype trrrraaaaiiinnnn nneverrrr stooooooooooops, 
  damn am i waiting on this . 
  btw props on gabes work . 
  i used to refresh the updater every 5 seconds before , now i just glue my eyes on his twitter account ( and reddit ), 
  say what what ? 
  9 or 10pm gmt is 5:30 or 6:30 hours away , not half an hour ( greenwich aye ? ), 
  point made !, 
  i 'd just like to be able to get a group and try kf eventually . 
  everyone i see on fireteams wants experience , i do n't have any friends playing destiny ( or xb1 for that matter ) , and the few guys i 've met ... game seems lacking in lfg features . 
  wow was awesome . 
  will definitely look into this sub , had n't heard about it yet  thanks !, 
  gaeb y u do dis, 
  whoa , that was way more response than a random whiner deserves !, 
  thanks guys , i 'll definitely add you folks and try all your suggestions . 
  see you in kf !, 
  you 're asking for a bit too much , plus that would be free advertising, 
  what car are you driving ? 
  very nice , i always wondered what cars used here integration and their owners experience . 
  i wish car makers would give this as an option/extra ( carplay , here , icar , whatever ), 
  gt vafolive wet . 
  drop me an invite and we can run sometime !, 
  i wonder if we can fool it by printing someone elses iris in a lens . 
  if you think about it , it sounds actually very reasonable . 
  is lockscreen support on this new version ? 
  i loved it and ca n't find it now , not in w10m lock screen settings nor inside the app ... 
  price + surface phone hype ? 
  i feel strangely compelled to finally sign up for o365 . 
  but then again , this feeling also makes me feel infuriated for pushing me into it without real necessity . 
  every plastic-metal bendy thingie that comes with chargers and cables ... 
  i keep them in a drawer to tidy up cables whenever i need to . 
  shameful i know :(, 
  i just have to add this is the best human proof comment tread ever . 
  loving to read all the comments . 
  dormir . 
  nice build . 
  very nice build . 
  i think that one was on my wishlist !, 
  oh happy day . 
  poster is not new and has quite some history . 
  i 'd bite , but i do n't think you 're posting to portugal ( plus no moneyysss left this month xd ), 
  always wanted to try terraria !, 
  we love fallout 4 !, 
  two british men are sipping tea by the english channel while a devastating storm rages , making any kind of sea traffic impossible . 
  facing the canal , one of them comments sorrowly :, 
  `` poor french lads , there they are isolated again '', 
  i want in on this !, 
  this will set my inner debate wether to get it for pc or xbone ... !, 
  just a comment ? 
  15 january 1988, 
  my story : i shared my wow account with an australian girl i never met for four years and never had a single problem . 
  when blizzard caught up to us i had her pay for her character transfers ( if she wanted to ) and she did so . 
  i changed my password when she was done and we lived happily ever after in each side of the world . 
  this goes out to say not everything is a scam , not everyone is out for your blood and guts .
