  7748 dragon age origins !, 
  i know what modding is . 
  fo4 will get mods on xb1 , at least . 
  op is talking about in-game modding . 
  i 'm still debating wether to get fo4 for xb1 or pc ( and do n't you why not zoidberg me ) ... 
  mind blown !, 
  i think the sub you 're looking for is [ / r/talesfromtechsupport ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/talesfromtechsupport/ ) . 
  they 'll like you there . 
  ( as for a real answer , depends on how `` shady '' your local isp is . 
  more than privacy , worry about latency ( sometimes more important than speed ) and uptime/quality of service . 
  inquire with people who use their services . 
  if that comes out ok , i do n't see a reason why not to subscribe to them . 
  both at the same time is a stupid idea , concerning your regards and demonstrated savvyness . 
  as is a vpn . 
  what do you want a vpn for ? ), 
  where 'd you get it that cheap ? 
  on steam its $ 44ish discounted ... 
  stormcaller 's crackle really, 
  hahahahahaha, 
  you ... you 're not married or living with a companion , right ? 
  ^ ^ ^ ( * nervouslaughter * ), 
  well congrats . 
  you 're the 1 % !, 
  either way , i assume you correctly balance play and family time . 
  at least , according to her personal opinion . 
  i 'm curious to see the community response . 
  i foresee r9 390 recomendations with its 8gb nvram all over ( my personal favourite is still the gtx 970 , so i would definitely tell you the upgrade is worth it for a hundred bucks . ), 
  yeah , i know . 
  but he 's not asking about a 970 either , i upped the stakes on my comment . 
  mind, 
  blown, 
  same here . 
  keeps loading forever ( 640 ), 
  well ... to be honest , i think staying on the wp ecosystem right now , with what w10m is showing us , is little more than for self-assurance . 
  i know i 'm staying . 
  but i do n't have any really compelling argument . 
  i ca n't blame the 75 % . 
  for me its mostly stability ( my other phone is a s3 - outdated , but still it should perform better and it plain sucks , lags and crashes all the effing time even with custom and fine tuned android roms ) , but other than that , i ca n't make up your mind . 
  personally , i just * like * wp , ms and the ecosystem idea . 
  heck , if i had a mac ( bleurgh ) i 'd most likely have an iphone and code in visual st. . . * ( erm ... whats apples ide again ? 
  i 'm not giving ms a vote of confidence . 
  i 'm not waiting for stuff to get better . 
  i 'm not expecting wp to blow my mind . 
  ** i have a cheap phone , and i just like the goddamn os . 
  i ca n't convince you . 
  * but a blackberry priv ? 
  * ( * - this is not a rage/hate post , its just my opinion * ), 
  i 've had double tap to wake since last two builds on 640 lte . 
  still working on this release . 
  when i had samsung i tought it was just a gimmick , but now i 've grown to love it = /, 
  thanks daniel, 
  * enable/disable matchmaking in every mode/quest . 
  * or maybe lfg system, 
  so you do n't blow your rec getting low level unique rewards from high level packs . 
  works with my samsung smart tv too . 
  ( edited because comment regarded it not being continuum ), 
  try wordflow, 
  i 'm a programmer and i ca n't relate to this problem . 
  mine is good enough , its rare that i find any chopiness . 
  23 % here in portugal and we also have the bullshit digital storage tax for torrents . 
  so i consider torrenting licenced stuff legal here . 
  if i 'm paying taxes for it , amirite ? 
  am i the only one who ca n't get a good deal on this game ? 
  fallout deals do not include fallout 4 . 
  and yet there are people buying it for pixie droppings !, 
  this and fo4 !, 
  buy it nao, 
  i know the feeling . 
  as you , most likely , i love my gf more than to let stuff like this make me go away , but i, 
  always, 
  make fucking sure, 
  she understands how stupid her reaction was when i can irrefutably show her ,, 
  in hopes one day she stops behaving like a psycho sometimes ... 
  tl : dr : `` find a better girlfriend '' comments can get bent , but dismissing this kind of behaviour is not right aswell . 
  i love my g602 . 
  long battery life, 
  ` murica, 
  not `` she is '' , `` she was '' . 
  i am old enough to be stressed , with work , bills , the car , the commute , to understand issues affect other issues and cause irrational responses and attittudes . 
  stupid might be somehow a harsh term there , i should definitely have taken a lighter tone - i 'm definitely not trying to be mean ( altho i do feel that way - i 'd much rather simply dismiss it ) - but i still think there should be an chance for redemption . 
  relationships , serious ones , should not be trial and error . 
  its easy to consider them as such , but for someone in a serious committed relationship , the `` thats not ok - get another one '' comment should never be issued lightly . 
  i do n't want to fix or train her . 
  i want her to acknowledge what the good things are , and not dwell over the inconsequential ones . 
  the websummit 2016-2019 is gon na be in lisbon , but that should n't be too technical ... 
  if i know more i 'll provide , 
  `` i signed '', 
  no harm done , heh . 
  the spelling struggle is real tho . 
  ca n't you track your phone somehow ? 
  easy to avoid tho if the robber has at least half a brain . 
  but if it was accidental , it might get it back . 
  the real plot twist would be the girl being the culprit !, 
  you now have to track her down , gain access to her house , and make sure to search it thoroughly for any item of interest . 
  if/when she inevitably finds you elbows deep in her panties drawer , just tell her you were just looking for your phone to write her number . 
  now i 'd love that !, 
  i have the other ones , 
  i could not agree less . 
  fondling a boobie buttock seems like an amazing concept . 
  assnipples ftw .
