  and yes , it can cut , and it can be bloody , and it 's quite common and not painful . 
  a good barber wont cut you tho , unless you have really sensitive skin i guess . 
  i had my beard shaved with a straight razor once on a barber , could only find one that did it here in portugal ( then again i did n't go asking in the old neighbourhoods ) - best shaving experience of my life , but the barber kept complaining i had wussy skin and beard and would feel a rash afterwards ... alas , i didnt !, 
   sometimes i can get a message on my lock screen , swipe it to unlock the phone , then it goes to a previous message that was open . 
  i bet you use an android . 
  that must have been great therapy for your sore eyes . 
  maybe it was non-functional to the point that this would result in poop water all over the bathroom floor, 
  maybe it was non-functional to the point that the tank did not have any water in it, 
  maybe it was non-functional to the point that the sewage was clogged, 
  do n't . 
  it will only bring worse predicaments . 
  take above posters advice :, 
   one of the many reason why i do not congratulate anyone on being pregnant unless they personally tell me they are pregnant . 
  `` hello , i 'm accidentalalky and i 'm an alcoholic . '', 
  aids as posted , and just about any blood-transmittable disease . 
  wich is probably all of them . 
  but barbicides , alcohol , and other disinfectants in general are effective , so you do n't have to panic . 
  i love it too , but i ca n't be surprised by the op 's reaction of a grown man with a fucking blade on your neck . 
   but instead of brushing to and fro with my hand , i closed my eyes and shook my head side to side . 
  this ... 
  i rofld so damn hard ... 
  prude . 
  you have to tell her she went full retard . 
  never go full retard . 
  seen those in portugal . 
  all day long . 
  funny thing tho , unlike previous posters i think the costumer was mostly right in this situation . 
  thing is , every mcdonalds employee around here is a shining example of patience and professionalism ( and mind you they are all the lower class , money and education deprived people there are around - * no judgement made * ) . 
  guess mcdonalds portugal does some mcwhiping around . 
  or our lower wage workers are just that much more educated ( not true :p ), 
  hey , i 'm riding a t6 and struggling with getting the patience and finding the fun in trading . 
  your idea sounds awesome , i 'll try and hit you u ( my gaming hours are somewhat limited ) . 
  nice one cmdr !, 
  broke gf that buys an xbox to your man , you da real mvp . 
  i definitely will - what time zone are you in ? 
  i 'm wet ( off with the puns ) - so i 'll only be in game in about 3 ~ 4 hours . 
  edit : boop , just saw the other reply with time zone info . 
  being your gf , my proposed reply is kinda defeated . 
  but here goes anyway :, 
  * kill her * . 
  kill her repeatedly . 
  shoot her thrusters and let her drift in space . 
  we can repair now ? 
  take them out again . 
  laugh maniacly at her trying to boost away from you . 
  make her fear . 
  make her run . 
  until she 's ready . 
  and then one day , as you line up a run on your gimbal pulse lasers , she chaffs away , fa-off turns to face you , and feeds you a mouthfull of dumbfires straight to the canopy . 
  you are surprised . 
  you can not maneuver in time to avoid . 
  her mc 's eating away what little is left of your hull . 
  you chaff . 
  she untargets and keeps you relentlessly on her crosshairs , percent after percent . 
  you die , and she only sniggers in her `` battlestation # 2 '' . 
  you successfully created another true cmdr o7, 
  * edit : forgot how to words *, 
  while yelling `` ahoooga '', 
  worst case scenario is his reply ` i 'll make you a tamer animal young man ! '', 
  this reminds me of my own childhood . 
  rest well my friend , your daughter is on the right path to greatness . 
  damn there 's no way around this one . 
  at least you did n't puke on her . 
  was kinda expecting you were trying to shift from 5th to reverse ( r = real fast ! ), 
  just another day at umbrella corp , business as usual . 
  are we just assuming said manager was male ? 
  i mean , there are names that fit both genders ... or op could have a really peculiar gay name . 
  i keep half my coffee mug every morning for my laptop . 
  ol' dog deserves some too after 8 years . 
  i feed it directly through the fan vent . 
  its an hp 1050 convertible , he hums so pleasurably while i feed coffee through that amd cpu hell exhaling effing vent oh there he goes beeping again fark, 
  point . 
  i knew i had missed something . 
  i 'll get on my way . 
  typical . 
  sadly typical . 
  at least your wife didnt respond with `` pfft . 
  all the same !!! '', 
  edit : all these comments saying she 's crazy ? 
  sounds pretty regular/normal reaction to me , given the premise . 
  rash maybe , but not crazy . 
  whatever you do , do it in person this time however . 
  go for it !, 
  i think it was definitely a testing , puzzling but positive reply . 
  she 's afraid to `` break '' something . 
  there, 
  will, 
  blood, 
  is gary dead already ? 
  ( as in , was he motherfuckingfakingcancer or what ? 
  because thats an all new low given your dad history . ), 
  either way , glad you got on the right track , 
  good move op  he was cancer alright , just not the medical type . 
  update is fun . 
  tried joining a couple friendly cmdrs in lugh for the war effort , and my computer died a little when i entered the wing , and then died completely upon entering a hhcz . 
  should i turn down my settings ? 
  :( it used to be so butter-smooth perfect ... 
  huge system lag entering conflict zones . 
  more like it . 
  that moment when you feel its heart and soul lunging for a little further , wanting to revel in the feeling of accomplishment it had when you bought the components four years ago and you would set all gaming settings to crazy maximum , as you hear its fan revving on a last effort , and the fps struggling to achieve some speed , but stuttering , ever so slightly , only to hold up for five seconds of hd stillness on screen .
