  it would be so awesome it would become another game altogether :p, 
  but yeah , it would be nice . 
  he probably didnt even have insurance money . 
  dammit , i just got there last night but my wife wanted to see a movie :(, 
  paste for the unnafortunate please !, 
  paste for the love of corporate jobs everywhere, 
  you guys are just a bunch of mean teasers, 
  * ( paste for those behind firewalls ) *, 
  not really , i 'm just trying to get out of the rares grind now that i have a type 6 . 
  i 'd love to - the more morally shady the trade , the less competition :d, 
  nice one , 
  you mean rares , not luxuries . 
  it does , that 's the background simulation doing it 's work - thats why * solo * is n't really * solo *, 
  yes , its in the game options . 
  it 's a dropdown on thrust settings , do n't recall the name, 
  your comment is just in line with your handle . 
  ca n't help but notice the trendy names, 
  never ever go through the mailslot without boost . 
  i have been reading around and have n't found anyone else openly complaining about this , maybe i am bugged or missing ( a lot of ) something :, 
  ever since the last alpha i ca n't detect tunnels by searching cells/blocks/shakedown . 
  must i really go around plopping toilets on the yard ? 
  i know they will , i 'm asking about * what 's planned * , not what happened . 
  and i hate these threads as much as the next redditor ... when there 's more than one . 
  just point me to another thread that discusses exactly this on the headliner and i 'll be glad to delete it . 
   this thread had a bad title that i had to click on to discover it was a waste of time, 
  i see what i 've done and i 'm sorry xd, 
  it 's just ... the lack of news regarding this ... is disturbing ... for us avid non-backers = /, 
  i for one have some doubts regarding said imminence . 
  i failed on the title . 
  people are thinking thread has some info , not just more questions . 
  but i do n't think i have seen any threads addressing this . 
  you are right , and i will abide by the punishment . 
  * / sobs *, 
  on the other hand , maybe it 's been released when i return !, 
  it 's cold as balls outside , for my usually summaresque country . 
  i think i 'll have a go at the sandwich . 
  quote please , you unemployed filth, 
  not sure i like this idea ... as much as sc is boring it is what actually gives us a sense of depth and dimension to the universe ... just microjumping from spot to spot , albeit the mentioned advantages plus killing the supercruise slowdown procedures , ends up sounding a lil boring/repetitive aswell . 
  i assume these microjumps will be swift and `` visual '' , given that they will not be loading screens in disguise , so it may be a matter of clever implementation in order to keep the overall feel of immersion . 
  i do like the idea of keeping `` classic '' sc around tho , for exploration/small trips/loitering around ends , if i did understand correctly . 
  also , this change would probapossibly ruin piracy and interceptions ? 
  thanks for clearing that out - you it the spot 110 % xd, 
  * ( i 'll add that the remark was purely sarcastic and in no way presumptive of others working conditions , habits or employment status ) *, 
  yeah and res . 
  just interdicting players on rare runs for example , would be rendered almost impossible - unless of course you intercepted them at the mailslot like a deranged out of control pirate we all love and aim to be . 
  can you post full changelog from the other beta phases links so we have a full breakdown ? 
  quote ? 
  this happens with me with the x52 . 
  do n't think its e :d 's fault tho , seems random . 
  this is golden . 
  so deep in the friendzone . 
  either way , the truth is ( almost ) always better being known . 
  i agree with your roommate on that . 
  i 'm not quite sure she is so deserving of your attention tho . 
  maybe you ' r missing out on stacy ... ? 
  i do n't have the link , but i 'll remind you that the list that fed all of those websites ( i saw at least 2 ) is not auto updated , so any info gathered from it only regards discovery status as pre 1.1 . 
  the only thing that is more ridiculous than * strict * dresscodes are people that give a damn about dresscodes . 
  is hr really that overreacting over at the us ... or wherever you people are ? 
  here we get in trouble if we do something intentionally abusive to a colleague , male or female , but neither our hr departments would be concerned about blurt outs such as this , nor our colleagues would go straight to hr on such shallow notes ... !, 
  i ca n't wear jeans , but i can tell rape jokes if i am clearly kidding . 
  ah , europe . 
  man up, 
  as in , do n't you dare not following up on this . 
  nothing to be ashamed of unless you do n't follow up . 
  what video ? 
  i fully agree this is how this sh * t should come down . 
  awesome video . 
  i was expecting the dude to just boost into the star or simply self destruct out of paranoya . 
  cmdr. . . anus . . brown ... you were an inspiration to all of us, 
  the awesome outer rim video with the beacon and weird noises https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=shhvhotdekw ? 
  i hope they have something so god damned awesome in mind they had to ban you not to start spreading rumors ( / s ), 
  if i 'm not mistaken . 
  ( ca n't check yt at work ), 
  six complete dumbasses went skying without proper equipment , training or guidance . 
  you got lucky . 
  good tifu . 
  it was written in the stars that you were not meant for each other . 
  listen to miss lisa . 
  my point exactly xd, 
  you did fuck up greatly , but in the end you tried your best by coming clean . 
  dead wife . 
  but its okay , the dog was fine !, 
  was reading this with an italian accent in my head until op said he was american . 
  disappointed . 
  would n't curse again , 2/10 ,, 
  this was pretty much the most awesome fact in this tifu . 
  the man has a discman !, 
  you 're a man now , and your so is a little bitch . 
  i have a non-pro x52 , and absolutely love it ( nice price for value too ) . 
  bought it second handed , required some handywork to clean a glitchy potentiometer ( rudder sensor gathers dust after a couple years of use i hear ), 
  mid life crisis much ? 
  i use a mechanical wristwatch . 
  it 's my 30yo midlife crysis . 
  hipster filth, 
  ** this ** is how a real trader should go, 
  hauler  type 6 imho . 
  do rares until type 6 , then back to commodity training . 
  is thrudds still reliable nowadays with the economy updates and all ? 
  assert your dominance . 
  with all the idiocy in this post one thing saves all :,
