  trying to avoid using bots whenever i can but there is, 
  much, 
  forget everything about a main bus . 
  * everything is everywhere * . 
  backup lines make up for missing iron , copper and gold ores when needed . 
  and the fluids , oh god the fluids . 
  i 'm a mess . 
  purified water production plants sprinkled around the factory , but * all is connected * . 
  i should have some mod that mines water . 
  did n't angels had a water bore of some sort ? 
  i do n't know what to do with so much lead . 
  * the factory consumes *, 
  i think i 'm gon na turn on the biters and watch the world burn . 
  help . 
  it 's all so beautiful . 
  so graciously boggled . 
  hehe i got ksp back in the day early when it launched , never played it again ... managed a couple orbits and thats all . 
  damn that game is * literally * rocket science . 
  `` hey xbcortana , start netflix '', 
  - display search results for netflix, 
  `` hey xbcortana , open netflix '', 
  - display search results for netflix, 
  `` hey xbcortana , you gon full retard . '', 
  damn , thats sexy - count me in !, 
  slightly confused by your comment . 
  is n't a roadster always convertible ? 
  i might need a fact check but i thought a roadster is , by definition , a two seat convertible ... 
  true spaghetti in there . 
  some interesting ... designs and choices ... aswell . . !, 
  now do it with bobs+angels petrochem !, 
  hard but fun ... do it without factories for extra chaos . 
  factorissimo kinda waters down the pasta = /, 
  it 's gon na be huge , its gon na be fantastic . 
  they do n't lack vision - actually look at the future ** vision ** trailers heh . 
  what i think nadella brought to the table - as opposed to ballmer and other ceo 's like musk - is a concept of '' * this * ( office 365 , azure ) is the profitable shit , so this is what we gon na do - that ( wm ) crap is a money sink , forget about it '' . 
  que lol . 
  i noticed this aswell . 
   you could also wait until the creators update gets pushed to the release preview ring to further reduce the risks . 
  is there any ... * preview * as for when this will happen ? 
  ca n't start the app on metered connection ? 
  i ' t exits in the background with the warning up . 
  not at all , i was launching the app . 
  i launch the app , see the splash screen , the metered connection warning pops up , app blinks behind it and crashes to app list ( with warning still up ), 
  might wan na try and reinstall ... ? 
  btw , i 'm on the production ring so no creators update here . 
  i 'll check later after update or phone restart and on wifi , it can be some sort of memory crash . 
   they would have to promise that all senior management at their company would be using the flagship version of that device as their primary device, 
  this . 
  on wifi it seems to load correctly !, 
  edit : its definitely tied to the metered connection notification : if i disable wifi while in the app , it continues to work correctly ( browsing , searching etc ) , but if i exit and restart it it crashes under the notification . 
  other than that seems like a nifty little app , but i 'll wait for more feedback til after the update , 
  you 're taking your xbone on a backpacking trip ... ? 
  i totally misunderstood . 
  do n't regard me , and good job on being a considerate insider, 
  lumia 950 on release preview as my daily driver . 
  spare samsung gs3 for android only crap . 
  looking forward to replace with gs8 , will probably switch to main then . 
  i carry two smartphones at all times . 
  but the android one is dead most of the time , from battery or crashes . 
  downloading , portugal 950 ds unlocked ( production ring ) . 
  3 of us ? 
  portugal must be blowing the relative wm market share right now ... !, 
  ! remindme 30 years, 
  50 bucks . 
  got a 300i . 
  have n't logged in since e :d was launched because it was just too laggy on my computer ... keep postponing a comeback to see if anything was optimized or if i need to spend a bang on a new computer . 
  i was almost compelled to get a connie ... 
  these are screens from the concept phase , way before the game was released . 
  they looked a lot better than the final product . 
  i 'm rocking a g602 and absolutely love it . 
  only flaw is not having embedded charging . 
  whats the new one ? 
  haha, 
   should i use my portuguese ( which is mediocre ), 
  dont . 
  interesting , usually only people from the north call them natas ... 
  they are called pasteis de nata , but the particular ones in bel\u00e9m are a rare breed worthy of the particular designation `` pastel de bel\u00e9m '' . 
   what is the reason to use them exactly, 
  forfeit all life and sanity, 
  blarp just spammed you regarding this before seing this post . 
   '' too close to home . '', 
  bundy alert all up in ya shit . 
  lol t\u00e1 top, 
  how many furnaces are needed to saturate a blue belt with/without modules ? 
  abandon all hope . 
  did you include angels petrochem ? 
  edit : just saw your printscreen , what nonsense is this ? 
  its not a serious bongels playthrough if you dont have 20 different ores to mine with a million bitters in between !, 
  i approve of bongels !, 
  if you venture out and destroy the nearest nests you should stay pretty undisturbed - thats not the point biters usually start getting agressive . 
  the rule of thumb is if your pollution cloud is not touching any nests you should be left relatively alone . 
  it 's a feature , not a bug . 
  straight outta cova da iria, 
  haaave you met bob ? 
  ( and angels ! ), 
   an electric engine ca n't be 125 % efficient . 
  * ... or can it ? 
  didnt arrive in time to read :(, 
  does it suck 78 % less ? 
  you 're right .
