  i hate myself , lol, 
  fuck me that 's smart !, 
  still do n't get it . 
  lets make a 4-man group and hit the bungalows . 
   space is so empty , /, 
   so big , empty and lonely /, 
   i wish you were here /, 
   i 'm a charging ma lazors, 
  fixed it for ya, 
  happened to me last night . 
  when this happens the interdicktor should be ripped across space time dragged around te lanes by the tether, 
  there should be some law against using miles anywhere , period . 
  also throw fahrenheit in the bag while at it . 
  celsius power, 
  yeah , come and say hi '' * deploys hardpoints * '', 
  would love it . 
  everyone would . 
  guilty of one . 
  seems ... oddly ... unsatisfying = /, 
  did you know that :, 
  while fuel scooping your galaxy map loads routes faster . 
  just try it . 
  make sure you are scooping at a good rate . 
  space is a bitch ,, 
  not really , because you were not moving - you were just pushing the room around you . 
  still , upboat for funny . 
   an example of this is the disappearing holograms on landing pads which will be fixed in 1.1 . 
  this . 
  best . 
  shit . 
  ever !, 
  i actually never had any type of crash in e :d . 
  whoa , thats a effed up one ... 
  it 's quite impressive how , for how much people bitch and fmoan about fd , that this one here costumer got his issue solved without even opening a ticket or contacting support . 
  reddit  support forums ? 
  you will die , a lot . 
  you 'll hit the letterbox chicken coop . 
  you 'll be interdicked , several times , fail by one bar , learn to use comms , meet people that do not use comms . 
  you 'll get blasted without insurance money . 
  you 'll try and dock without permission . 
  you 'll forget to open your landing gear . 
  you 'll get sneezed on by condas . 
  you 'll fry your ship trying to fuel scoop , you 'll run out of fuel . 
  you 'll cry , weep and curse . 
  * and you will love it *, 
  `` being able to suit up and do a space walk at any time . '', 
  `` 3 ... 2 ... 1 ... friendship engaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaageeeeeeeeeeeeed ... ... ... '', 
  actually loved your wording really lol , tho i had the exact same reaction than everyone else `` wtf exploit have these guys found that no one knows about on the interwebz?is there an hidden feature somehow no one knows ?? '', 
  in reddit subs , about 10 minutes . 
  i do not have personal experience , but i hear it 's bad . 
  it ** does ** sound awfully like a reaper i tell you . 
  damn , e :d is so realistic and immersive that i would * shit my pants * if i saw a reaper . 
   used a magnifying glass and sunlight to burn the legs off ants just to watch them crawl in circles ... 
  this . 
  nailed it . 
  i do n't get it . 
  people thanking robbers for being robbers . 
  i have yet to be pirated , but i feel like if i ca n't fight or flight i will go `` fuck you and your family i do n't deal with terrorists '' full-ramming-kamikaze-speed ahead . 
  my cargo, 
  happened to me , about one week after buying a second-hand unit . 
  you have to pick up some tools and a can of wd-40 or other electronics cleaning fluid , crank open the stick , mind the connection between the handguard/pinkie and the stick , douse the yaw pontentiometer in cleaning fluid and voila . 
  worked perfectly on mine with wd-40 ( a regular lubricant fluid , not specific for electronics ) . 
  theres a tutorial on youtube , cant link from here but if you ca n't find it i 'll refer to this thread later . 
  it 's a common issue from dust/dirt accumulation inside the x52 stick . 
  it 's irrelephant . 
  this, 
  please ellaborate ... how lucky ? 
  conda had no shields already ? 
  what class rails ? 
  distance ? 
  i 've been struggling to replace two of my 4x beam lasers ( viper ) for two rail guns , this is the type of situation i would probably take advantage of ... 
  dammit , you again ? 
  i ca n't resist you hurting my bwaaainz ... !, 
  this one is a little harder tho , it 's not a straight replacement cypher , seems rotating ... 
  join the both wagon !, 
  and why exactly are we all supposed to be nice ? 
  whats a condor ? 
  are those the little fighters ? 
  you bought a cobra . 
  your mission is to shoot anything with a cargo hold and pick up the scrap . 
  the more you whine , the tastier your tears are . 
  i do n't think the game has multi monitor support builtin , but some have used the gpu manufacturers apps ( nvidia/amd ) without problems . 
  this man is entitled to his senseless rampage . 
  amen . 
  may i be one of your victims - i 'll throw a steaming pile of lakon at your canopy . 
  this . 
  you wan na be a psycho ? 
  fine , but be sure there will be half a galaxy of bounty hunters drooling for a piece of you . 
  also , publicize this bounties on galnet . 
  the faint wailing of your suffering escaping through your shattering canopy sound like music to my ears, 
  atta expensive coffee . 
  3d parallax will be the next big thing . 
  it has speakers . 
  surround too . 
  i wander how marny booms unteel yer buff is debuffed, 
  how did i and ii die ? 
  its grand, 
  ( i have the * worse * regular x52 . 
  love it . ), 
  as mentioned - is not worthy , it 's necessary !,
