  i do n't turn off my computer , and i do pay my power bills . 
  * ^ ( unlike my parents said i would when i was off to fend for myself ) *, 
  plus , it saves on my heating costs . 
   this guy did do an it course in school ... and passed it . 
  this only strenghtens my belief in work experience/brains over formal education . 
  i never finished my degree and i 'm a professional programmer for a finantial institution , but i am always scared that my professional ( read paycheck ) progression will be hindered by the lack of a degree even after 6ish years of experience ... people like your friend scare me . 
  as for him , hes either an idiot , or i do n't know . 
  most of those things are not `` useless course general information '' but very real day-to-day concepts of anyone that works/likes/is educated on it ... 
  ^ ( mind you i do think of myself as a lucky idiot aswell ), 
  thats actually a fucked up trick question !, 
  mib = mb for short ? 
  1 mb = 1 megabit = 1 ' 000 ' 000 bits = 125 ' 000 bytes = 0,118209 mib ? 
  my head hurts . 
  then again only the french use kib and mib -- ' ^ / s, 
  back in university we used to ask the freshmen how many bytes were in a bit . 
  120 % answered wrong ( accounting for some veterans who had no clue . ) . 
  out of these 120 % , about 60 % answered 8 . 
  so it could be worse . 
  ze german arre coming !, 
  you are , of course , right . 
  but we would have even accepted 1/8 . 
  i am the most fanatical ms advocate ^ ( this infamous strategy is working for me , since i 'm thinking of just subscribing o365 ... ) , but ... 
  ... this just feels like throwing us a subscription bone so we 'll renew it after an year . 
  i wonder if my credit card info will be required to take advantage of this * generous * offer . 
  the camera roll and * loyal onedrive entushiast * ^ huh ? 
  offers are welcome , tho . 
  i wonder if there are caveats to those aswell . 
  think he meant rest in pieces in peace ... 
  you could also say its worth every penny . 
  sob curled in a corner until it gets back . 
  well i 'd love this one on my tv , 
  whelp , you can setup a nas , but you 'll need hardware . 
  its a media transfer protocol, 
  you need a pass for that, 
   connect to my macbook pro, 
  theres your problem !!, 
  he deserves it . 
  i have a gtx 750 ... and i love it !, 
  civ 5 vs civ be - wich one should i buy ? 
  not to queen on civ games but i love city builders/rts/management games so would like to give it another chance ( have n't played since civ 2 or something ... ), 
  actually have the very same question myself . 
  i have a little extra work , but i usually take out all the components and run them on a low-temp cycle on the dishwasher . 
  works a treat . 
  xbone . 
  for better or worse , its the closest to a pc ... 
  once you login to the default music player it will scan your device for music ( along with anything you could have that is cloud-based ) . 
  you can login with the same ms account you registered on your phone , or if you havent , create one just for the phone 's sake - all your data will be centralized that way ... just as you 'd sign into a gmail account on a android . 
  regarding the keyboard , you ca n't divert from the default keyboard - stock is mandatory . 
  you can however `` quick access '' numbers and symbols if you press the gear icon ( symbol/number changer ) and drag without releasing . 
  once you let go over the number , keyboard will return to letters . 
  cortana will only work with a data connection , be it celular or wifi . 
  feel free to ask more !, 
  `` drop xbox1 '' ? 
  * i 'd rather have it drop ps4 and start taking advantage of azure cloud computing * a la * crackdown 3 , but this is also a dumb idea/will never happen . 
  however it will most likely not be released for ps3 indeed ... ( alas i assume you meant drop xb360 , and that seems rather natural aswell ), 
  also not quite sure you are suggesting some sort of `` expansion '' upon destiny or a whole new game . 
  if the later , then what would be the sense in keeping your guardian ? 
  if the former , why would you want to loose your gear , and access to old areas ? 
  all in all some nice ideas , but kind of ... loose train of thought . 
  well , forgivable mistake . 
  sorry if i jumped at your throat , 
  still , i do n't get if you predict expanding upon the existing game or a whole new game , and how your ideas fit in each of these predictions . 
  for me , i 'd see a whole new game based on the aftermath of traveler `` stirring '' , but without relation to our current personal ( read gear/grimoire ) progress ... 
  also , i foresee some sort of broken in-game lfg tool that will have to be patched twice before it reaches some modicum of usability ... ( hopes , hopes ), 
  fuck srl im glad its over, 
  you have to kill, 
  more, 
  stuff !, 
  is that game any good should i buy it lightsabers make me horny, 
  seconded , i have a g602 but am too lazy to make macros / do n't feel the need . 
  but i 'd love to try some stuff . 
  are there any patch notes for this ? 
  pipe pistol : poop shooter . 
  i use it mostly to kill mirelurk hatchlinks and annoy yao guais . 
  where are you moving next ? 
  my apartment building has some annoying neighbours with small noisy meatbags . 
  i can tell you music works well with the car , so pandora should aswell ... should be covered on the bt front , if it doesnt work the pandora app is to blame . 
  usb playback i never managed . 
  i do have a dock for android with a 3.5 mm audio ** output ** and the phone never sent any audio there at all , or even recognizes the dock as a device . 
  i actually tought a male op was making graves for his fapping in the woods result . 
  was surprised . 
  well i guess op is dead . 
  i do n't , i do feel exactly the same as you , but my gameplay is sporadic , i do n't use the 100 or lfg because i ca n't plan ahead depending on wifes mood or availability , so i do n't sign up because i do n't want to let groups down . 
  the only nf i 've done was thru lfg . 
  stuck at 298 ll , i just stopped playing since fallout came out . 
  i do feel in-game lfg for every fireteam event would fix this , even with all the gripe it could bring of bad fireteams . 
  at least i 'd get to experience raid content . 
  [ g602 ] ( https://ebgames.com.au/any/any?q=g602&amp;availability=onlineorstorestock ) . 
  because wires are ugly and this has fantastic battery life , despite not being chargeable while in use ( you can always have two sets of batteries and switcharoo , it even works with only one battery ) . 
  but its on your price range . 
  i love mine !, 
   i took them all out strategically, 
  * ... with a nuke . 
  op might be a serious contender to a darwin award . 
  i tell it is an endearing temptation to put `` other stuff '' in that tank . 
  that fucks up my docking arrangement ... 
  now try some cherry/berry liquor on a vg+pg base . 
   i barley slept that night ,, 
  great story , but this single honest typo set me off a bit, 
  i 'd love it !,
