  if you really really suck at fighting or simply do n't like it , by all means upgrade the sidewinder . 
  remember : always have enough cash on hand for insurance . 
  this is actually a nice idea ... !, 
  could bring value to exploration too . 
  i have a 52 and love it , but general opinion says stay away from the 52 unless its a * pro *, 
  however , i would go for the x55 . 
  so much sexy , and overall opinion says wonders about it , mainly regarding build quality . 
  faction works if you are in a warzone . 
  its context related . 
  never tryed ui brightness really ... 
  how do you deal with the lack of yaw in the warthog ? 
  using rudder peddals ? 
  how about the x65 ? 
  i do n't think you can name planets anymore , do n't quote me on that ,, 
  but , and for your second question , there * surely * are a big metrick shitton of unexplored systems out there . 
  someone made the math on it on a post here , it would take something like 45 years to explore the galaxy if every player dedicated 8 hours per day to exploration . 
  yup, 
  it was not the ceo , it was the scribe that was redacting his speech for the news . 
  those journalists . 
  400 billion sistems son . 
  thats 400 thousand portuguese millions . 
  even if 80 % are buggy , thats * a lot *, 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/elitedangerous/comments/2ryu8c/are_exploration_prices_universal/cnklc5w sample, 
  meh - but twisting is absolutely crucial . 
  i suppose wither one or the other , but not none . 
  the experts seem to love the warthog + pedals combo . 
  auto , just select the profile in controls . 
  you may have to download the drivers tho , and set up a couple options later . 
  yes , it has . 
  mind you it may not be the first uss you drop into , and ofc he 'll regenerate . 
  1st rule of e :d ... 
  no , he 's not . 
  0 % is not 0,000000000000001 % ... 
  i had one of those . 
  returned it within two days . 
  god , i was too young to recognize the pontential ... only played rts games back then . 
  game is hard . 
  try looking for beginner guides here on reddit . 
  you can do exploration . 
  you should hunt nav beacons a bit to get a better ships - set yourself a goal , my first goal was getting a viper - or at least until you can trade . 
  there are some quirks to the game , but it is unforgiving , specially if you play open . 
  elite players are cold mofos , and i wo n't hesitate to destroy your thrusters and leave you drifting in space until you realize you have no option other than self destruct if i feel my cup of tea is not correctly aligned with right canopy frame tonight . 
  cant access forums from work :(, 
  buy it . 
  save around 250k for an initial setup . 
  -  insurance cost can always be seen on your right panel , first tab . 
  have always at least this rebuy cost . 
  -  inspecting each system on galaxy map afaik, 
  -  opinions vary , i say go straight for the viper if you want to fight , or the hauler to trade , dont bother with upgrading , farm nav point bounties until you have enough for one of these + insurance . 
  4 -  no idea you bastard . 
  calling a rift cmdr to the rescue here . 
  glorious . 
  no - instruments are the same , but the art is different on every one - look more carefully . 
  outside visibility is also different on each cockpit . 
  hang on , i 'll be right there . 
  do you have shield cells ? 
  what are you carrying ? 
  also , if you get your hands on a dk2 occulus rift thingie you can turn around and explore the full cockpit . 
  the bigger ships have a full bridge even , look around youtube for it  ( ca n't link from yt from work ), 
  zorgon petterson is a british spaceship maker . 
  you probably flew on a uk import adder . 
  or , you can shoot them . 
  that 'll get their attention off your target . 
  it 's a trap !, 
  trackir is a gimmick . 
  its about as indispensable as an oculus rift . 
  it 's even replaceable by a smartphone propped on your head with an app . 
  a hotas is almost indispensable , but you already got the best choice award so ... 
  just buy the thing . 
  you 'll love it . 
  does n't it re-plot every single time you open it ? 
  mine sure does seem like it . 
  it 's unarguable that the viper is the correct choice . 
  i often wonder what is the upgrade from that tho , i dont see any pure-fighter upgrade , maybe an asp could fit that role ? 
  i 'm only considering going back to bh from trading when i can afford a python really ... 
  i actually dont use looking around at all , altho i do reckon it would be great for dogfighting . 
  switching modes just confuses me from my pip management . 
  never break character, 
  does not compute . 
  you at to dock at the other station aswell . 
  it could n't be in any way faster to jump to other system and do the procedure at your destination , rather than turn back ... 
  i think you banged your head on the dashboard so hard when you hit that type-9 you could n't think straight . 
  either way , nice story xd, 
  thing is , with a billion station , for it to actually be `` alive '' they 'll have to populate it with npc 's ... or else you 'll only see the occasional cmdr ziping thru to get to the market or landing bay . 
  love the `` more '' part . 
  you should have rammed like a champ out of pure distilled rage . 
  `` more ? 
  heres more , bitch !, 
  you can pick up the rest floating inside and outside porta '', 
  ai n't nobody got time for dat . 
  ( still , nice idea ), 
  but but i have to think , and use google !, 
  it 's sooo demanding !, 
  you little basterd , you used 6 instead of 20 ? 
  seems a liiiitle overpowered ... 
  but fun still . 
  no wait , i 'm an idiot ... kudos to you if you figure out why xd, 
  i really like the idea , do n't get me wrong , more than the idea itself , i like the implementation - i 'm just concerned it could evolve into botting activities - thats why unhappily i do n't think something like it will be implemented . 
  lets hope !, 
  yeah .
