  happy birthday jen !, 
   `` we 've locked your phone for security purposes , please charge for at least two hours , then you can restart it and enter your code ... '', 
  i had this strange error last week on my 640 as well , was oddly puzzled . 
  might be for recently encrypting my phone . 
  it did work after charging however . 
  the funniest ( ? ), 
  part is that i could pull down the action center and see my notifications on this screen ... 
  anyway , want to send me your 950 ? 
  i 'm still not ready to jump ship . 
  only the hp elite x3 has ip67-whatever rating , afaik . 
  hey , at least you got floor nuggets . 
  edit - honestly ( and i am a huge wp fan ) - i do n't know wether i 'm more amazed at your obvious overreaction towards your mother , feelings , etc , or that anyone would be surprised by these numbers . 
  ^ ( still hoping you 're being sarcastic ), 
  i do n't know of personal experience , but i would advise against it . 
  any resistance it has to water is not `` official '' per se and will void warranties ... 
  that said , and given that there are no hardware buttons on the face , i guess you could put it under a faucet and work , as long as water does n't run over the hardware buttons on the side and the screen bezels have no faults ... 
  but the most you can get out of that is a darwin award , not practical functionality . 
  edit - that video has a thread on wpcentral [ here ] ( http://forums.windowscentral.com/microsoft-lumia-950-xl/417382-lumia-950xl-running-water-test.html ) , find out more opinions there . 
  just give it back to him , by the looks of it when you get it back it will have snapchat installed . 
  seriously tho , thats a new one ... 
  i can get cortana , but not ** fully featured ** cortana with this method . 
  i still have to set device region to us ... 
  i still do n't understand if this is because there is a uwp one in the works . 
  i agree , last one was great !, 
  heres to hoping this is n't actually the final build :p, 
  even tho this is pushing me to finally fork out for a 950 ... just need a payday ... !, 
  i get what you mean , just never seen that acronym before . 
  rc , rtm ... etc. . . whats an au other than an aussie build ? 
  either way , if this is a build issue , then this build is crap for the 640 : s, 
  ^ ( this has been a long long day ), 
  did n't restore , for this reason exactly, 
  i would hands down subscribe to groove if my provider had a decent data cap . 
  currently , i use music from my collection synced offline to my phone and it works perfectly . 
  it 's pretty much what i 'm doing . 
  i just wanted to take full advantage of `` your groove '' functionality and find some new music . 
  i currently have around 600 offline tracks and i 'm getting tired of hearing always the same stuff while on the road . 
  lol . 
  certo . 
  amazing twist . 
  beautifully written . 
  character was deliciously pityable and irritating , and the tale closure was more satisfying than any supernatural ocurrence . 
  i guess no ammount of therapy is gon na help you now ... 
  damn nice promo . 
  got it . 
  confirmation mail took about 10 minutes to arrive , key checked out ok . 
  beautiful writing, 
  non breaking space . 
  had that error last week , fixed by reinstalling ... 
  sounds smart ( er ), 
  i believe you can just copy the world files to an instance folder . 
  try creating a private world , and browse/compare/replace your instance files for server and local ( private ) games . 
  there should be plenty of googles on this . 
  ( also , what / u/fluffyplops said ), 
  not disappointing . 
  i dunno about you but them flippin ' squares are * sexy * . 
  i stare at them for hours ... 
  not quite , its an html thing ( its an internet-wide techy thing ) . 
  it represents a blank space . 
  you should n't see it . 
  i 'm wondering . 
  has anyone ran into the problem of having a desktop , two laptops , two phones and an xbox all trying to respond when you get into the room and say `` hey cortana , whats up with my schedule today ? '', 
  `` sorry , could n't hear the internet and i are n't today is gon na be sunny and meeting jerry for lunch ^ beep-boo-beep '', 
  racismo \u00e9 disparate ? 
  username relevante . 
  funciona sempre . 
  you switched from fast ring to release and got a better experience ? 
  should n't both releases be on par at this point ? 
  amazing to know that there are still 100,000 wp users ^ / s, 
  ... but they could do it for uwp ... !, 
  right ? 
  right ? 
  just let winter on the northern hemisphere get back on , and you 'll see where the pokemon craze goes ( if it survives so far ), 
  \u00c9 justo ... 
  most selfie sticks work by taking pictures with the volume rocker , wich afaik is not supported on windows phone . 
  unless bt selfie sticks specifically trigger the wp camera shutter ( i dont think thats a thing ) , this feature will sadly not be supported , and you 're stuck using the timer . 
  edit : there are apps that take a picture by yelling `` cheese '' or any other keyword , that might be a solution . 
  well , i have n't used any bluetooth ones , so i ca n't vouch for those really , but i 've tried a couple of chinese market run-of-the mill selfie `` steaks '' with the 3,5 jack on both wp8 .1 and w10m and all they did was try to change my volume . 
  broken link ? 
  i just wanted a real group finder . 
  i ca n't make plans ahead , but would like to see some content other than heroics ... 
  i get it . 
  so , jesus was a moxley ? 
  my gadgets app never knows where my stuff is ( location not available ) , but other than that it seems to `` work '', 
  got ta wonder whats coming . 
  i 'll admit i have no idea what to expect from au2 , other than general fixes and improvements . 
  live tile enhancements maybe ? 
  marketing da tanga/clickbait . 
  amazing story . 
  my login/im image is always a variation of a cup of coffee . 
  then again , i 'm a developer , not support . . 
  . net developer on a finantial institution, 
  consistently and repeatedly ... 
  sounds like your app dev is a cunt . 
  i do n't think theres a workaround besides complaining to the dev ... 
  worst poll ever , at least include an `` other '' option ... 
  i do this , with an old galaxy s3 for banking apps / random android bullshittery with another carrier sim card . 
  i do use lumia as my daily driver , mostly because android is unbearably slow , cluttered and prone to crashing/hanging , even with half a dozen apps and a custom rom . 
  as for implementing said behaviour ... 
  i just carry both . 
  idk what you mean .
