same here for ativ s in portugal . 
  not very worryed , thank god for dev preview ... 
  first half of april . 
  possibly the 10th , probably the 14th . 
  nothing here yet . . ( unbranded ativ s , portugal ), 
  proof or did n't happen :p, 
  unrelated , how dows your phone appear next to your name when commenting ? 
  again , prove it . 
  rooms work across platforms in a variety of ways , being dependable on microsoft services ( ie having a microsoft account ) , being on wp gives you a seamless experience tho . 
  but in a nutshell , all it does is :, 
  thus being , if you install these apps on say , an android device , then you 'll have access to your room on each specific app . 
  on wp , they are all aggregated on a single hub . 
  panic, 
  gmt is da best, 
  crashes on samsung ativ s, 
  nvidia / latest, 
  i got a used x52 ( not pro ) for 80 $ and i absolutely love it . 
  i know its crap , but i love it . 
  one week after buying it i had to open the stick and flush the rudder potentiometer with wd40 to fix random twitching on z-axis from accumulated dirt . 
  worked like a charm . 
  love it . 
  thats awesome . 
  but can they keep up ? 
  of the small ships , the cobra ( unsurprisingly ) has the highest jump potential : 21.06 ly ( 22.53 ly ) laden/unladen with a type a engine . 
  if you want cheap , rather than small , just fly a empty hauler - 17.75 ly ( 21.71 ly ), 
  src : http://elite-dangerous.wikia.com/wiki/ships, 
  i want one for portugal too . 
  or , you know , they could make a low-cost bundle including greece , cyprus and spain aswell !, 
  now that would sell millions, 
  we are everywhere, 
  if you only play in solo mode , that 'll be the end of it . 
  i will not look for you , i will not pursue you . 
  but if you do n't , i will look for you , i will find you , and i will kill you . 
  so please come to open play . 
  we have cookies !, 
  think what a better world it would be if we all , the whole world , had cookies and milk about three o'clock every afternoon and an asp explorer cmdr with his drive destroyed , spinning aimless on our reticles ... 
  this calls for a raiding party !, 
  alliance seems to be the chaotic good , or as close as it can get to . 
  factions background seems more `` realistic '' than your typical rpg alignment vectors , i think :p, 
  aside from the ships , there 's only specific system permits afaik . 
  build federation rep. 
  so federation = capitalist ? 
  oh you fd ... 
  oh frontier you ... 
  viper is the sweet tears of your enemies . 
  him , and homer simpson too . 
  either he or someone did . 
  still , had a laugh xd, 
  ) with a gtx 760 and 8gb ram and run the game in max settings at 1660x1080 . 
  smooth as butter . 
  honestly you seem more worryed about boasting your overpriced i7 + gpu combo than how the game will run . 
  if it ran poorly on your rig there would be a heck more complaints around . 
  poor peoples rant off , you 'll do fine . 
  and maybe a occulus rift sdk . 
  whats going on in there ? 
  proxy blocks frontier website here ... :(, 
  yes . 
  stroll around at minimum throttle ( 30km/s ) - uss will spawn right ahead of you ready to disengage . 
  you sir are a gentleman . 
  many thanks . 
  on to reading it !, 
  full throttle onto mailslot , blow up on the ribcage . 
  learn to be carefull . 
  forget all about it , frantically strafe to hit the mailslot while full reversing throttle because of coming in too fast . 
  hit the mailslot , reverse throttle inside station to find proper landing pad since all the numbers disappeared . 
  do a couple turns until you see your landing pad right beneath the mailslot . 
  avoid loitering warnings . 
  swoop dive to your landing pad at nearly full throttle , gaze at the marvel of your in-space station maneuvering skills, 
  fiddle with the strafing and throttle until bullseye turns blue , slam strafing down . 
  full strafe throttle up after hearing the * clang * on the landing pad . 
  deploy gear . 
  land that bitch down . 
  i have one more step on my checklist , so i got ta be a better pilot , right ? 
  right ?!, 
  ( i really want to sacrifice some cargo space for one of those auto landing modules :( love the soothing music and coffee mug , even if it takes ages to land ... ), 
  pretty sure this is fake . 
  double the awesome !, 
  i wo n't need no shields when i ram my unarmed hauler on your puny ass anaconda dirty windshield , i 'll have you choking on my rare arouca conventual sweets and laughing out loud until my life support ends . 
  bring it on, 
  ( i 'll seriously start making a point of ramming the shit out of any interdicktor i find now , even if its the stupidest move ever ), 
  i think star citizen shows more promise , but its far from release . 
  let the rage begin * ducks *, 
  however , i am greatly enjoying ed , even tho its glorified space trucking atm . 
  the visuals are stunning if repetitive , the flight system is nice , the devs and somewhat cloudy plans show some promise . 
  i twas definitely worth my buck , and my little less than slightly mediocre computer runs it flawlessly . 
  i did buy an hotas tho . 
  i 'm happy with my x52 , but it did need internal cleaning ( bought it second hand ) other than that i do n't see reason for the bad reviews . 
  stay away from warthog - no rudder control ? 
  - best opinions seem to go towards the x55 and the 52pro tho, 
  it switches mode when you click the `` e '' button on the throttle ( the one one top ), 
  lol u wish, 
  what does it do ? 
  sidewinder is hardly worth the upgrading , but you can do whatever . 
  i upgraded my weapons and went nav beacon hunting until i upgraded to a viper no less . 
  then i upgraded that viper with some serious-er bounty hunting . 
  got bored of not making enough money , and bought an hauler ( at this point this was spare change ) and scrapped weapons shields etc and went trading . 
  now i just bought a type 6 for more trading , but i ca n't wait for getting back into my combat viper . 
  if you get a hauler early in the game , you 'll be solely confined to trading . 
  unless thats really what you want to do i 'd advise against it . 
  either way , my opinion is dont upgrade the sidewinder for trading ... go for the hauler with random bounty hunting money .
