  portuguese plate too . 
  last ocurrence was last week , first was like 3 months ago . 
  my politician tends to shit mostly in hiding , so its no big deal . 
  either that or find her and stare intensely at her with heavy breathing, 
  ` murica ? 
  you people do n't work . 
  we need the video for science, 
  you are 15 year old ? 
  asian ? 
  good lord i had forgotten that . 
  what ? 
  chances are either i have been hibernating for the past few months or this article is riddled with inconsistencies or plain wrong information . 
  how long is free free ? 
   for the supported lifecycle of windows 10 . 
  this is not a trial , or a one-year subscription , or anything  like that . 
  this is the full and fully supported product . 
  wrong , it will be free if you upgrade within one year of launch - not supported lifecycle . 
  will the previews convert to the full version ? 
  if you are currently running one of the ctp versions , it will not upgrade to the final release . 
  you  will have to download that and install it fresh , or to an eligible windows 7 or 8.1 system . 
  wrong . 
  not only they will , they will be the first to receive full update . 
  can i download an iso ? 
   no , at least , not officially . 
  there are various tweets from microsoft employees that say you can , but  that is not on the official website . 
  what is on the official website is that you can create a usb or dvd  media to do a fresh install after you upgrade your eligible device to windows 10 . 
  the distinction wo n't  matter to most . 
  wrong ? 
  they have been down since the updates have been taken down , but the isos were available , from ms itself ... 
  well ... 
  if you install 32 bits again over a 32 bits installation , it will become a 64 bits one . 
  dont think xbox video has external subtitles support , sorry = /, 
  on win rt i use vlc media player for this . 
   is it implying that the only reason why i have pp is because of farming , and without the sses i would be completely worthless ? 
  yes . 
  not enough to determine if he 's mad , mocking or just curious tho . 
  it 's friendly , but most likely sarcasm friendly . 
  + / u/user _ simulator / u/vascofo, 
  that is quite horrid . 
  i used to use baconit too , but then i took a readit to the knee ... 
  guess i 'll give it another try , 
  yesterday !, 
  hello, 
  ask cortana !, 
  hey windowsphoneguy , how depressed are you for currently owning an ativ s ? 
  just seeking for a kindred soul . 
  apart from the awful edditing , pro list . 
  i hear you . 
  also , altho my back and sides are scratched to hell and beyound , it still looks classy as hell . 
  you forgot microsd support on the positive side . 
  but the firmware/lack of preview/uncertainity over a future upgrade are killing me . 
  my wife dropped hers outside a pharmacy on a rainy night . 
  we did come back for it after roughly half an hour , but a car had ran over it . 
  it still received calls and the screen lit up !, 
  we did pull the plug on it tho . 
  my wife wants to shoot her . 
  clippy the destroyer of worlds, 
  whelp , this just kills my last second to last reason of still keeping a android phone close by . 
  good job sir . 
  ^ ( * now if only they release clash of clans ... * ), 
  she wanted the d : in her drive . 
  6322 shoop da woop, 
  rust !, 
  i already have hl2 !, 
  i , for one , hail our techno overlords . 
  out of a joke , i would n't surely welcome this . 
  albeit as funny and geeky as it would be , it would somehow start crossing the uncanny valley with some danger . 
  plus , my wife would hate cortana ( even more ) and i do n't think it 's worth the hassle , as geeky as it would be ... 
  3rd party stuff indeed . 
  ca n't wait to have children and train the brats into building custom machines by six or seven . 
   and the plot ever so mildly thickens . . 
  eeeeeeeeeeeeeever so mildly, 
  your question is not dumb , but it should be `` will this be on slow ring ? '', 
  - and most likely no one knows that at this point . 
  not having a straight reply to your question , all that can be said is :, 
  it will likely be on fast ring . 
  it may or may not be on slow ring . 
  it may be entirely skipped for insiders ( like 10240 was - unlikely since we know theres a release coming and this is the last know version ), 
  now for the true dumb question : will my ativ s ever get a insider release , or even upgrade to w10m at all ; _ ; ? 
  dunno about that , but i just bought one ( the old pack with acu and kinect ) woot woot !, 
  what should i do first ? 
  some people just wo n't give up . 
  aww . 
  oh well , back to pestering the feedback boards ... 
  all the useful replyes are in , so i 'll just add :, 
  if the response is `` vai pro caralho mas \u00e9 '' then you are probably clearly asking too much . 
   i expect that 's because it 's australian , dear, 
  yup , that totally gave it away . 
  try importing some meat from your country of origin . 
  a progressive change in taste might help her acclimatize . 
  she 'll be eager for a meal in no time !, 
  heh , worst things out there mate . 
  he did not say today is not opposite day because today is not opposite day . 
  sim , os '' [ p\u00e9s de lotus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/foot_binding ) '' . 
  somehow the flying gopro really bugs me . 
  it 's like saying you bought a couch and then moved out of your parents to live in it for 20 years . 
  my head hurts . 
  fetch me ` sum ` dem pills !, 
  yes . 
  is it wirth it getting the deluxe wdition with all the dlcs ?
