  lidl is still slightly cheaper than the competitors , but nowhere close to their earlier prices . 
  well , as canadian you pretty much have most of our best features already ( lakes , clean nature , winter ) . 
  i guess midsummer is pretty interesting time to visit finland . 
  `` nightless night '' ( the sun never really setting ) is unique and can be best observed during end of june/early july . 
  the temperature is also great , not too hot but still warm ( ~ 25 c ) , and nature is at its best . 
  in midsummer all major cities are literally empty , i 've walked in the city center with only few other people in sight , since most people go to their summer homes . 
  the fall is another good time to visit finland and especially lappland if you want to see aurora borealis and/or go trekking since it is still reasonably warm . 
  as for actual attractions , we do n't really have many . 
  there are some castles , but you can find cooler castles elsewhere . 
  the medieval festival held every summer in city of turku is very fun though , turku was also the capital of finland in the past when we were under swedish rule so it has some amount of history to it . 
  helsinki is a nice city , though not particulary remarkable unless you want to visit museums . 
  if you want to visit tallinn , helsinki is great destination though . 
  there are ~ 10 daily ferries moving between helsinki and tallinn for ~ 20-30 $ . 
  stop trying to destroy finnish tourism industry :(, 
  well , soviet union/russia did eventually admit their wrongdoing years after . 
  would you like to list some far-right murders in finland ? 
  because i ca n't remember a single one . 
  the problem is the donut does n't come back from the coffee : / been there , done that . 
  2nd degree murder is like 6 to 8 years , ca n't really see how rape can be more . 
  about 60 % do , 40 % goes to maintain ray . 
  out of the 60 % , a lot goes to some really sketchy organizations with people with political connections . 
  my favorite from few years ago was suomen hevoss\u00e4\u00e4ti\u00f6 , which got 1.5 mil and the ceo was someone from keskusta party . 
  it would be so much better if the money would just go to actually maintain the society like most taxes do . 
  do n't forget the free buckets . 
  finns are willing to fit into anywhere for free buckets . 
  cliffs : 4 players jailed for 5 years , one for 3 1/2 . 
  6th one released , although he did take part in concealing the crime , he did not rape her and did help her . 
  as a finn i 'm both glad they got decent jail terms and really pissed that we are going to waste over 1 million $ on these pieces of shit . 
  well , they do have good supply of young men who are used to killing . 
  should n't take much to employ them . 
  you can even promise them land and loot , just like 1000 years ago . 
  yeah , but recently they have been having large scale military exercises . 
  they could probably move a lot of troops north on that guise . 
  but yeah , it would n't be easy to organize . 
  they are nato countries ( so rocketry can be based there ) too close to moscow . 
  yeah , russia could probably occupy northern finland and sweden in a day if they really wanted to . 
  afaik most of the finnish army and equipment is in the south . 
  i wonder if sea `` wind/air '' also matters . 
  i mean everyone needs someone . 
  fortunately for luxembourg , liechtenstein exists . 
  yeah , that is what i expected the link to be about too . 
  i 'd imagine main issue is the current publishing structure , where the record company makes majority of the money out of sales . 
  not sure exactly how much the artists make , but in book publishing the writer makes ~ 10 % of final book price . 
  they do n't really care what you write on the address . 
  i doubt anyone even reads it unless you are some wanted criminal . 
  you do n't like them ? 
  how much ? 
  just natural selection . 
  in finnish holland is synonym to netherlands . 
  nowadays netherlands is used more though . 
  the moment you open `` hi , how are you ? '', 
  i will be wondering what you are trying to sell to me . 
  i doubt most of those are very common in the baltic sea area . 
  well it is better for france . 
  funnily enough our green party and leftist party ( yes , we actually have a party with that name ) basically justified welcoming all migrants by saying we have so much space ( which is true , although is really irrelevant ) . 
  i guess they would n't have any objections to greenland then . 
  germany 's dark history is huge weight on eu . 
  just bring in some imams . 
  obviously meant everyone in the calais camp . 
  funnily enough uk would probably do fine if they let in everyone who can speak decent english . 
  those are likely the people who a ) have more western values b ) can actually integrate since they speak the language . 
  i thought buying in bulk was supposed to get you a discount , and not the other way around ? 
  it also seems likely something like 15-25h work weeks become the norm in jobs where you are not essential to the project ( for example : cashier , warehouse worker ) . 
  this plus basic income would give decent income and nice amount of free time . 
  to finns you are like americans ( english-speaking , far away , western ) except better since you do n't meddle with world affairs ( i 'm personally grateful to american soldiers who risk their lives in middle-east , but many other finns disagree . ), 
  well , it is worth remembering about 50 % of population is women , and women generally are much more `` emphatic '' , aka . 
  pro- `` immigration '' and multiculturalism . 
  article/blog about voting data in 2015 , it is in finnish : https://vaestotiede.wordpress.com/2015/04/29/eduskuntavaalien-2015-aanestyskayttaytyminen-ian-ja-sukupuolen-mukaan/ it does point out that green party was votes by 12.5 % of women and 4 % of men , the kokoomus party , which is center-right `` capitalist '' party got 21 % of men-votes and 12 % of women and the true finns , the anti-immigration , anti-eu party got 19 % of men and 16 % of women - votes ( bit surprisingly to me , expected it to be more heavily skewed on men ) . 
  ( while i personally like estonians and think estonia will relatively soon surpass finland as a country where i 'd rather live in , ) there are 2 reasons why estonians might not be liked : - crime - `` steal '' jobs , huge % of our construction workers are estonians . 
  well , eu is giving turkey more than 10bn $ each year as development aid just as a project to help it become closer to eu standards to be accepted into eu . 
  i 'd imagine they also get a lot of money for other things . 
  yeah , current case of eu-middle-east-africa migration it is basically the worst possible scenario from economics point of view . 
  poor countries lose their `` future '' while richer countries gain people who bring negative value ( as too large % of migrants does n't get employed , without even mentioning other negative side effects ) . 
  at least with eu-eu migration the rich country benefits from getting cheap labor , while the poorer country still ends up losing . 
  of course , this is all from economist 's point of view . 
  the individual migrants obviously benefit from moving , and i 'd likely do the same if i were in their shoes . 
  it is certainly unfortunate for romania , probably most people leaving are young who have taken advantage of free education and now bring their skills elsewhere . 
  rough situation all-around . 
  first of all , please do n't mix immigrants from western countries and third-world countries . 
  immigrants from western countries are often highly educated and have as high employment rates as finns so they should n't be grouped as part of `` low ed/skill '' immigration . 
  in 2008 , unemployement levels for somalis , iraqi , irani and afghans were at 60-75 % unemployment . 
  it sure as hell wo n't be getting any better as more people from those countries enter the job market . 
  there is extremely limited amount of jobs someone who ca n't speak finnish or english can do . 
  obviously more people means more demand . 
  that , however , does not mean they are good for the economy . 
  broken window fallacy also applies : we can break 100000 windows and hire people to replace them . 
  did we create economic growth ? 
  yes . 
  did we reduce unemployment ? 
  yes . 
  did this benefit the economy ? 
  the same applies for large majority of immigrants , just because they increase demand and create jobs does n't mean it benefits the economy . 
  while taxation recoups some of this ( to be taxed again and again ) , it is like money going around in circles , with some it leaving at every step . 
  only in countries where immigrants have to work or starve . 
  if they get free housing and 500 $ per month on top of that , do n't share a language and have no high school education you can be sure they are not helping the economy to grow . 
  i think you can choose not to serve someone , but that ca n't be based on religion , ethnicity or gender . 
  a store in finland was fined for banning romani after there were daily stealing by romani people . 
  it would have been fine to ban the thiefs ( which of course would be pretty much impossible ) , but not all of them . 
  i mean it was so popular my parents had real problems getting me and my brothers to actually eat the main dish with pasta instead of just pasta with ketchup , 
  i have to admit it is bit strange ketchup is being used so much .
