we can only hope for a bitter winter , 
  me countries have tried to destroy israel multiple times . 
  we might have to include vat in the price , meaning netflix actually makes less on us europeans . 
  i think the $ - prices are simply $ -  $ sign change . 
  well , you can just hold people in prison . 
  that 's what few eu countries do for first few months anyways . 
  it was nice when wars raged in europe . 
  on the other hand , i 'd like to think europeans today would help those truly in need even without the geneva convention so we might as well dismantle the geneve convention . 
  to the disappointment of many , the group ( in finland ) has n't been accused of any crimes whatsoever . 
  you can be sure if they did , it would be huge headline in newspapers . 
  ( yes , i know a lot of them have criminal past ), 
  western generally refers to values/way of life of north america and europe , excluding some ex-soviet countries . 
  churches and clergymen preserved/maintained knowledge of the past and invented new stuff which was encouraged ( so long as it did n't contradict the bible ) . 
  yeah , it also was greener than it is today . 
  fun fact about greenland : vikings intentionally named it greenland to lure settlers there . 
  very few people today want to spend their lives in some 1000 people town . 
  it might be fine for as long as they live in the town , but not when they want to go to uni . 
  that 's why they should focus on languages they will need in life instead . 
  like english , chinese , spanish , german , russia , french ... 
  according to this article the kids use this ancient language in their primary school language until they are 18 . 
  it means they might not learn proper grammar for swedish , for example . 
  or if they do , the hours have to come from some other subject . 
  considering how huge difference this can make in their life , should the parents really make the decision ? 
  nothing wrong with learning new languages , but it should be everyone 's own decision . 
  i know , that 's why they should focus on languages they will need in life instead . 
  like english , chinese , spanish , german , russia , french ... 
  according to this article the kids use this ancient language in their primary school language until they are 18 . 
  it means they might not learn proper grammar for swedish , for example . 
  or if they do , the hours have to come from some other subject . 
  are you for real ? 
  this is some obscure language that is spoken in one village that has 0 outside application in country the kids live . 
  according to this article the kids use this ancient language in their primary school language until they are 18 . 
  it means they might not learn proper grammar for swedish , for example . 
  or if they do , the hours have to come from some other subject . 
  ( and fwiw , i 'd be thrilled if finnish did n't exist at all and i would have been taught swedish ( or even better , english ) instead since finnish has only 5.3 m speakers . 
  the world is so global these days and it greatly hurts my opportunities that i do n't speak native level english ), 
  i know , that 's why they should focus on languages they will need in life instead . 
  like english , chinese , spanish , german , russia , french ... 
  according to this article the kids use this ancient language in their primary school language until they are 18 . 
  it means they might not learn proper grammar for swedish , for example . 
  or if they do , the hours have to come from some other subject . 
  how nice of the parents completely screw their childrens ' futures . 
  prison `` break '' is a bit misleading term , people can just walk away . 
  rip finland, 
  if the genders were reversed the guys name and face would be plastered on the front page and sentence would be much harsher . 
  i do n't really even care whether majority of them are refugees or not . 
  all of them ( or almost of all of them ) were either refugees , illegal immigrants or descendants of former ones . 
  that really is even more worrisome , since it means there are lot of people who do n't embrace european values even after spending long time here or being born here . 
  most of the time , no . 
  but you can get lucky . 
  in the north there is good chance of seeing something close to it since there is no pollution to clog up the sky . 
  actual -20 c + extra wind is unpleasant . 
  you really do n't want to spend any extra time outside if you can avoid it even if you have 3 layers of clothes . 
  i honestly consider moving to estonia right after i 'm done with studies . 
  estonia is looking to the future , while most of the eu countries ( inc. . finland ) are stagnating . 
  it is likely to improve in coming decades as people have more and more money to spend and become more conscious of high quality ingredients . 
  ours is 50k , but like yours , it can just be denied by politicians . 
  out of 7-8 that have gathered the required votes , only the one about same-sex marriage made it to the actual vote in parliament . 
  well , they are . 
  if sdp/greens were the government i think there is very good chance we would be in worse shape than sweden . 
  remember all those `` suomi says welcome '' etc from last summer ? 
  what if that had actually been the official policy ? 
  even without promoting finland ( except for sipil\u00e4 's brilliant offer ) we still got so many asylym seekers , if some of those people who were shouting `` we want sweden , germany '' wanted to come to finland instead , we would be looking at 100k + refugees easily . 
  actually they can charge 43 % more  ( 1/0 .7 = 1.4286 ) if old rent was 1000 $ , tenants still pay 1000 $ if new rent is 1429 $ . 
  it was an interesting point one historian brought up . 
  germany did lose their bravest in the 2 world wars . 
  although half the genes come from mother , surely this has slightly affected the average german 's genome . 
  well , you are probably too close to france . 
  not necessarily . 
  the number + person - combo could be all digitalized . 
  you could just mail everyone their code and create a new code for each election . 
  alternatively the code could be partly randomized ( as above ) and part usercreated , for example like this : fasdkf124kkfjkjkf # 55454324 ( imthebestest ) would show up in public as : ******* kf124kkf *********** imthebestest - voted for mary hill , eu front, 
  everyone could be assigned a unique string of text , for example : fasdkf124kkfjkjkf # 55454324 which would then publicly show up after the election , showing what you voted . 
  this way : 1 ) everyone could check if their vote was correct 2 ) total votes per nominee could tallied 3 ) no one could know who i voted for, 
  meanwhile in finland : - `` it is against international agreements , we ca n't do this . '', 
  - `` what would they think of us ? '', 
  - `` would n't work in finland . '', 
  - `` the world is changing , we just have to accept this . '', 
  - `` these people have fleed war , you monster ! '', 
  - `` russia is not safe . '', 
  for god 's sake , the largest newspaper in finland headlined this article `` norway deported people to russia where it is -30 c. '', 
  meanwhile in norway ? 
  as a finn , i find venemaa quite amusing . 
  other than that , we have quite similar names for most countries , you just really seem to like sequential letters like rr instead of rj and oo instead of uo . 
  well , odin is actually old ( as in roman era old ) germanic deity , he is just best known thanks to norse mythology . 
  just out of curiousity , how easy would it be for the syrians/iraqi to learn turkish ? 
  finnish is also super flexible , basically anything goes . 
  of course , some go better than others  you can certainly see it in poetry and sings where they chance word order to make it rhyme . 
  problem with the word `` right '' is that it can actually be split into 3 completely different categories . 
  1 ) the nationalists/anti-immigration 2 ) conservatists , normally the religious group 3 ) liberals ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/liberalism ), 
  i think most of us would do the exact same thing as them if we were in their shoes . 
  it , however , does not change the fact they are economic migrants . 
  to be fair your new government does n't really come off as very female/gay/freedom-friendly . 
  i do n't think netflix and pirating exclude each other . 
  i feel we should support legit channels whenever possible , so long as the quality is at least as good pirated versions . 
  i do have netflix but i do n't have hbonordic since they refuse to have english subtitles for their shows . 
  the moment they 'll add them i 'll subscribe , until then i 'll pirate game of thrones since i prefer eng subs over fin subs . 
  for games i use torrents as demos , i do n't think i have ever played torrented game for more than few hours . 
  after that i either get it or get rid of it . 
  the unfortunate fact is that most games do n't have demos anymore and i 'm not paying 60 $ blind .
