  it is not even that good . 
  i guess it was good with pasta when i was like 6 . 
  i wonder if they should keep some of the places running for homeless/poor people ( not that there are many in norway , but there probably are some , just like in finland ) . 
  note to self : never travel to bulgaria or romania . 
  they are apparently warzones . 
  they run away from iraqis , somalis , afghans and syrians , guess who they find in sweden , 
  i wonder how well it would correlate with ` survey : germans want to get rid of muslims ' . 
  yeah , it is pretty ridiculous . 
  it might not be `` fair '' , but we should give him option of either accepting verdict without possibilty of appeal or deport him . 
  * abrahamic religions ( just a small nitpick  ), 
  there have been multiple news about russian media misrepresenting child custody cases where one parent in finnish and another is russian where the russian parent has lost custody because `` she is russian '' ( that might be bad way to put it , but i do n't want to spend 30min to reply to you . ), 
  here is example , unfortunately in finnish : http://www.mtv.fi/uutiset/ulkomaat/artikkeli/venajan-media-kohisee-taas-huostaanotosta-suomessa-myos-venajan-lapsiasianvaltuutettu-kommentoi/5644772 then there is this guy : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/johan_b%c3%a4ckman who russian media love to quote and to interview as `` finnish expert/professor/whatever '' . 
  he is a finn who has been preaching pro-russian , anti-finnish , anti-baltic lies/twisted truths for last 10 years . 
  i do , after crimea , ukraine and constant anti-eu ( and anti-finnish ) propaganda by russian news agencies i do n't think anyone can really claim russia is n't a threat . 
  this one was suspected to be done by somali gang though . 
  seems we are lucky in finland , our somalis commit only 17x more rapes and iraqis just 10x than native finns ( 1x ) . 
  we can in take some native swedes immigrants though , they are the only nationality with less than 1x multiplier . 
  that 's a good idea , so there is 0 % it is going to happen . 
  it does n't really help , at least not right away . 
  perhaps it does make some small difference for next generations . 
  i would n't be surprised if there will be a lot more of these small laws against hardline islam . 
  it is more about sending a message `` we do n't really want muslims here '' . 
  even if something is illegal and punishable does n't mean it is punished . 
  i 'd imagine in houses following strict islamic law the women ca n't really speak out to authorities , either because they have been taught not to or because they fear for their lives if they do . 
  all scots i have met have been nice . 
  overall i 've had best experience with people from historically protestant countries . 
  perhaps this is partly because people from these countries tend to speak good english which makes communication easier . 
  but what marxist need money for ? 
  perhaps atlantis has been in plain sight all this time !, 
   finno-ugric finnish , estonian , hungarian , sami , people living north-east of finland . 
  it might be so , i vaguely remember reading about that too . 
  might have been his grandparents though . 
  i think it is fairly simple , really : when in rome , do as the romans do . 
  yeah , it is easy to be neutral when other countries take care of your defense , like finland acting as buffer between sweden and russia . 
  and build a wall !, 
  it is aspiring to be part of eu and is part of europe . 
  well , i guess austria was more like full cake . 
  well , quite large part of eu is in `` russia 's sphere of influence '' : finland , baltics , ukraine , belarus , poland , romania ... basically all areas that at some point of time were part russian empire ' or soviet union . 
  russia needs external enemy , waging these small wars and taking land is good way to keep up national unity . 
  historically ? 
  ww2 might not have happened in such a large scale . 
  today ? 
  we should send troops to ukraine . 
  it would increase tension , but also give clear message that we stand united and to attack one is to attack all . 
  putin is doing good of following hitler 's footsteps . 
  one small slice at the time , and western europe wo n't really care until it is too late . 
  that 's on your local distributor . 
  they have an option to have same release date ( give or take few days ) on almost all movies , they just choose not to since it costs them more . 
  unfortunately they lack english subs . 
  the moment they add them , i 'll subscribe . 
  but those are not true jihadists !, 
  yeah , but then people would cry for equal rights , constitution , blah blah blah ... 
  you can call them hypocrite though . 
  i actually do n't think most people on this subreddit has anything against syrians , it is mainly the people who try to pose as syrians or who come mainly for better quality of life , for example somalis and afghans . 
  obviously somalia or afghanistan is not finland-level safe , but if we start accepting people from those countries , then it is very hard to deny people from any african country . 
  i ca n't really criticize those ` quality-of-life-refugees ' since i would do the same in their position , but i still do n't want them here . 
  it affects my life negatively . 
  as for iraqis , it is much tougher situation , since there is actually fighting going on at some parts of the country . 
  i 'm not necessarily talking about legal/ethical point of view , but rather from utilitarian point of view that these are often the kind of immigrants we actually want : secular and educated . 
  pretty sure a lot of people are not returning . 
  they would actually be people we should take as refugees . 
  bit surprised ships can just `` disappear '' . 
  problem is prison is really expensive . 
  each prisoner costs 50k-75k per year , so you need 3-5 people 's taxes just to pay for him . 
  it might not be ethical to send them back , but it is economical . 
  yes , we should help and welcome the 1 % ( or probably like 20 % , that seem to be good estimate of the % of refugees who will integrate quickly and get employed ) . 
  easiest way of course would be american way of handpicking `` good '' refugees from the camps , unfortunately for us european we also get also get the worst of the worst . 
  i 'd imagine best way to force integration is to tie all monetary benefits to integration , if you ca n't speak the language at level x after y months , you get nothing until you reach rank x. 
  so yes , you can stay here if you want , but you will stay in some mass apartment in middle of nowhere . 
  they can just not pay after everything is rebuilt though . 
  downgrade :(, 
  usa has worked fine because immigrants either have to a ) be rich b ) work c ) starve . 
  usa has worked fine because immigrants either have to a ) be rich b ) work c ) starve . 
  it worked well in america because people either had to work or starve . 
  not surprising since so many countries stopped letting people through . 
  coming all the way to north is much harder now . 
  nonetheless , it is worth remembering that even though there are less asylum seekers coming , it still means people are coming and the number of asylum seekers in norway is increasing . 
  having winston churchill take part in a cavalry charge is much cooler , though . 
  then again , had germany won and russia lost the ww2 , your opinion would very likely be different . 
  true , but cogs of bureaucracy move slowly and the issue was n't very important until 2015 . 
  can you even go to us with erasmus ? 
  anyways , if you do n't want big change in your life , northern europe is good choice , either finland or sweden . 
  ( at least as a finn i feel we get best along with estonians , brits and swedes ) . 
  if you 'd prefer bit more drastic change in lifestyle , go southern europe . 
  why would german and french be alienated from each other ? 
  i 'd say the exact opposite happens , the `` native '' europeans would became closer . 
  `` age of around 16-17 '' -  age around 30, 
  the real problem is the inter-company loans . 
  i just ca n't see any real way of preventing them , so changing the tax laws is probably the best fix . 
  then again , we should have just kept the maps from 1900 since they will soon be accurate once more . 
  i guess we should demand some compensation from russia for having to redraw our maps . 
  i swear it was n't there before !, 
  ( well , maybe i do n't swear that . ), 
  bit surprised stockholm did n't make it to the list . 
  the region was probably and the city was definitely greek pre-1400s . 
  but how do you get personal union if you ca n't go to war ? 
  chinese median wage is likely lower though . 
  this obviously has nothing to do with islam . 
  can you trade us some of your somalis ? 
  our working rate is only 10 % : /,
