  steam refunds is a step in right direction . 
  it is that bad : / i 'm already missing my old apartment that had double windows . 
  i do n't care whether finns are black , white , brown or yellow , i just want them to be educated and wanting to work for living , polite and preferably have at least 1 common language with me . 
  education , upbringing and secular religion go long way . 
  considering how uk is taking close to 0 refugees , it is very easy to preach that other guys should help , it is the right thing to do !, 
  good point , i actually thought that was quite likely but did n't bother to check . 
  i think eu made agreement with turkey about this , that they will take back like half million people a year in exchange to some concessions eu made . 
  yeah , we should just outsource to russia , 
  that 's the problem . 
  it is not we can just shoot people ( which , on the other hand is quite a big problem , because if there is no threat of any punishment for people forcing their way through fences people will keep coming . 
  few care if they are jailed for 2 weeks ) . 
  and that 's a huge problem . 
  basically making a dangerous trip on rubber boat becomes free ticket to better lifestyle . 
  it is cruel , but it would be better to let them drown and try to stop this . 
  when african people really start to travel to eu , we can say goodbye to our current quality of life . 
  every year there are ~ 20 million more poor people in the world , even `` saving '' the 3 million we have taken in this year is already causing so much ire . 
  regarding eu : it is also culture thing . 
  finns , scandinavians , germans , dutch , brits share a culture that is quite different from the one in southern eu . 
  we are very punctual and sincere . 
  but yeah , finnish economy is on horrible track , we wished the new government could finally do big economical reforms but unfortunately the unions are way too strong in finland and they can just say if you do this , we will start country-wide strike . 
  few sad things about unions : in finland we can only fine them up to 30000 $ per day for a strike , even if it causes 100m $ of damages every day . 
  ( that 's why we have 100 strikes every year and sweden has 2-3 since they raised the fines for illegal strikes to match the damages ) . 
  another thing is `` sympathy '' strikes , basically every union can join a strike to show sympathy to their cause , last year our ports were down for 2 days since unions joined some small union 's strike . 
  yes , definitely . 
  each country should contribute , i 'm not sure why it still is n't happening . 
  i think there are like few ships from finland ( sent by government ) sailing the mediterranean , but even they are bringing more people to eu instead of sending them away . 
  bureaucracy , i guess . 
  too many conflicting interests in brussels . 
  ( another question all-together is whether greece , spain and italy should have been part of schengen , eu and the monetary union to begin with . ), 
  excellent ( and somewhat sad decision as it keeps fragmenting europe ) decision . 
  of course , sweden is still mainly to be blamed for the influx of migrants ( yes , i call them migrants , not refugees ) to northern countries for being so extremely naive . 
  now we , the neighbors ( norway , denmark and finland all ) are paying the price . 
  norway and finland are in especially shitty position since we are the `` end stop '' , there is nowhere to go from here . 
  up until us , people have been able to go to country x , check it out , decide grass is greener on the other side of the fence and move on . 
  well mainly we get this from greece , spain , italy and france not doing doing proper border control at the schengen borders . 
  if people would n't be let in without papers , schengen would work great . 
  not yet . 
  who knows how things will be in 20 years , but right now we do n't yet have mass executions or mayors getting shot . 
  you do n't get it : offense is the best defense . 
  all hail the grand duchy !, 
  this destabilized the region alongside the creation of israel : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1953_iranian_coup_d%27%c3%a9tat the idea to remove saddam was good in theory , it just seems democracy is not a viable form of government in middle-east . 
  that is good . 
  however , if someone posts same message again and again in the same thread , he is no longer contributing to discussion . 
  instead , he is derailing it and actually making people downvote him just because he is extremely annoying . 
  i do know some subreddits wo n't let you post more than 1 message every 5 minute if you have negative karma . 
  that does seem pretty fair system , you can still get your point across without derailing the thread . 
  i hope this subreddit limits posting after someone reaches karma score low enough . 
  everything would be so much easier for us if the swedes had integrated us properly :(, 
  basically you can bring pretty much anything as long as it goes to the cargo in plane . 
  of course it is worth thinking if the item can stay good there for 3-7 hours , depending how long it takes you to get home . 
  unfortunately we probably ca n't anymore . 
  we could have joined 10 years ago since russia was more peaceful back then , but joining today could have serious concequences . 
  although war would be extremely unlikely , it would probably destroy any diplomatic relations we had with russia and stop all trade across border . 
  then there is the fact that nato 's article 5 has never really been put to the test . 
  sweden and norway really should be paying for our military expenses . 
  were women allowed to quit the service ? 
  are n't the shipping costs from de fairly similar to everywhere in eu incl . 
  from what i 've gathered , amazon literally makes us pay for your shipping , as in de-de would be let 's say 7 $ , while de-fin would be 11 $ , but amazon makes us pay the full 11 $ instead of 11-7 $ . 
  problem is it is political suicide for any leader to send your troops to finland , even if it was most + ev line to keep your country secure . 
  yeah , that seems very bizarre , especially considering how well estonia has been doing for last 15 years or so . 
  i mean they are aware of it to , but who is going to change it ? 
  the 2 parties who benefit from current system :p ? 
  one of the main arguments is larger buffer zone , st. petersburg is too close to the border . 
  another reason might be race against time , got to act before finland joins nato and russia feels finland belongs to their sphere of influence . 
  the island has 2500 sheeps , i do n't think he cares for them all . 
  these guys were pretty much the reason brexit happened . 
  now they got their exit . 
  good riddance . 
  they are loud , that is the main argument against them . 
  i 'd like to point out there has been 2 `` quite '' bloody unification attempts in the last 102 years . 
  funnily enough i 've recently been thinking mexico and brazil are the places where finland really should try to get people to emigrate since we definitely do need young people to move here . 
  as an additional `` bonus '' , these studies count immigrants who have got finnish nationality or their kids as finnish . 
  if we were to racially profile the finnish crimes , i 'm pretty sure the number would be much higher . 
  ( although finnish people unfortunately rape as well , afaik it is mainly inside a relationship . ), 
  well , district was the best word i could think of , 
  just use bohemia , it is much cooler . 
  ( yeah , i know it is just one district in czech republic ), 
  well , to be exact you are paying more and apple is getting less , 
  pretty sure uk can never/not in a long time take high ground after brexit . 
  thing is , if scotland really wants independence , uk government ca n't really stop it . 
  they can make it painful , but it is not like they are going send the army in and slaughter demonstrators . 
  then again , they might be doing racial profiling and just stop non-caucasian people since those are huge majority of the people this is intended to check . 
  i 'm actually pretty sure 90 + % here would vote for hillary . 
  i disagree . 
  the chinese and the indians have been able to maintain their own culture while still being part of the western country . 
  just look at the chinatowns or little indias around the world . 
  i 'm glad no one else was hurt . 
  freedom of press and all that ... 
  we do n't discriminate because of skin color or ancestry . 
  we discriminate if they show total disrespect of western values . 
  the funny thing is , afghanistan should be thrilled to get its young people back since they are its future . 
  now we just need a law that lets up assign a nationality to everyone without passport , 
  forced integration is better than no integration . 
  the below 5/10 is reasonable and is also fairly common in us since there is a flat fee for every purchase the credit card companies charge on top on % fee . 
  when cc company takes 30 cents flat fee and 2 % of sale , selling that one can of coke for 1 $ seems pretty bad . 
  they actually often do , but going to local banks might be a hassle . 
  what liechtenstein  but yeah , read a bit about it , strange country . 
  the prince vetoed abortion in 2011 yet 76 % of citizens still want to give a lot of power to the royal house . 
  lidl is good example . 
  they came to finland ~ 6 years ago , in the beginning they were a lot cheaper than finnish grocery stores , but eventually they kept increasing their prices .
