  as if we needed a poll to find that out . 
  the only next possible step in our master plan should be crashing this plane ... . with no survivors, 
  schr\u00f6dingers merkel populist and traitor at the same time, 
  your eagerness for a rebuttal based on half-truths and ignorance only proves my point, 
  envy is the highest form of flattery, 
  thats kind of everywhere in europe now . 
  the militarism and nationalism of the early 1900s is long gone . 
  hello darkness my old friend, 
   spd is pushing for a prolonged right of stay for many  the number of deporations is also far lower than initially ` promised ' . 
  there i agree with you , and i really hope the spd and other leftist parties fail big time in this election , which is already kinda happening . 
  however saying that our government is doing its best to have them all stay is wrong , and with the recent decline of leftist parties i hope that harsher stances on migration will only increase . 
   we 're going through so much trouble making sure that migrants and refugee stay here indefinitely are we ? 
  [ we just passed a law that makes it easier for refugees to be deported and monitored ] ( https://global.handelsblatt.com/politics/clamping-down-on-asylum-768807 ) and making efforts to put them to work is not doing everything we can to have them stay indefinitely , its to make it so the ones that stay , or are staying right now , wo n't simply leech on welfare but are able to provide for themselves until we know what to do with them . 
  well i have the option of believing the chancellor who has already changed her stance on open borders and migration and some person from reddit . 
  yeah i 'm gon na go with the chancellor here . 
  strippers i guess, 
  [ yfw she actually said the exact opposite ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12132657/merkel-warns-asylum-seekers-that-german-refuge-is-temporary.html ), 
   the nazis were going to build the biggest dome in human history i believe the dome would 've been so big , that clouds would 've formed within it . 
  i 'm pretty sure the bnd just pretends to be bad at their job , so no one will suspect them , and this proves it 4d chess in its purest form, 
  what ?!, 
  i 'm glad they got sent home . 
  preposterous, 
   stronger europe with decreased defense spending schulz , a new player in the global 4d chess game ? 
  well , almost , for her it was the wrong time to do it . 
  the cdu 's secretary general peter tauber once said in an interview what merkel told him about that . 
  merkel grew up in the ddr , and back then , one party * was * the state . 
  that event was a win just for the cdu not the entire nation itself , and there has to be a line between party and state . 
   but she has been the leader of the cdu for quite a while and she failed to bring about a healthy culture in her party . 
   if de maiziere were part of the afd his plans for surveillance would be considered a threat to democracy . 
  i agree , merkel does have her problems , but thats not the point here . 
  i was just saying that we ca n't blame germanys fussiness when it comes to videogames on merkel alone . 
  the issues you mention are worth discussing and hold merit , but are probably better off in another thread . 
  because its definitely merkel herself who does all that, 
  yep, 
  they could spy on others , but not keep themselves from being spied on, 
   wolfgang schaeuble , germany 's veteran finance minister , urged the u.s. to limit russian and chinese influence or risk bringing about `` the end of our liberal world order . 
  well , why do n't * we * actually do something more and work on potentially taking some responsibility ourselves , instead of telling others what would be best for them to do . 
  this `` taking a back seat '' in everything really annoys me . 
  he is the senate, 
  we have been found out !, 
  shut this post down !, 
  shut it down !, 
  i mean , the guy said that she will just quickly change opinions , and i said that this was wrong because merkel wo n't just decide concrete plans with the prime ministers of the german states , just for show , and unlike clintons plans , merkels are already happening . 
  i do n't get whats wrong with it ? 
   merkel have taken strong anti immigrant stances i said stances and measures . 
  if you want concrete examples , first off merkel herself has said that the [ refuge germany is giving is only temporary ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12132657/merkel-warns-asylum-seekers-that-german-refuge-is-temporary.html ) . 
  after this she presented a [ 16 point plan to increase deportations ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/angela-merkel-will-zahl-der-abschiebungen-mit-16-punkte-plan-erhoehen-a-1133615.html ) . 
  i could only find a reliable and detailed german source , but basically the important points are , that it shortens the time of the deportation process , commissions the creation of deportation centers that coordinate mass deportations and are allowed to detain refugees before they are deported , which again is made easier as police are allowed to detain and monitor denied asylum seekers more easily . 
  at the same time , money for those that return willfully is increased . 
  also merkel and the cdu have made , and are still making [ deals with north african states to take in refugees that want to move to europe in exchange for money ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/angela-merkel-wants-refugee-migration-deals-with-northern-african-countries-migrants-migration-turkey/ ) . 
  also the bundestag has recently [ passed a law which increases methods of the police to detain , monitor and deport refugees that are either deemed a threat , or have failed their plea for asylum ] ( https://global.handelsblatt.com/politics/clamping-down-on-asylum-768807 ) . 
  i could go on , but i just wanted to show that concrete measures are being taken . 
  also the cdu does n't want to replace her , as she was already named as chancellor candidate and is currently winning the election . 
  the whole cdu/csu drama ended when schulz 's spd stepped onto the scene . 
   perhaps because the world and germany ( refugee crisis , terrorism ) has changed significantly since she assumed office ? 
  that is true , but she knows when to adjust her positions . 
  just look on her stances on the refugee crisis . 
   traditional parties , the establishment , is losing votes pretty much everywhere in the western world . 
  the cdu is doing very well . 
  they have already won a majority in states like saarland and nordrhein-westfalen , which by the way always used to have a strong connection to the centre left spd and is also the most populated state of germany . 
  well , i do n't know if we can count late 2016 election season for elections that happen in september 2017 , but ok . 
  even then it does n't matter , because its not just opinions , but concrete measures , like her [ 16 point plan ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/angela-merkel-will-zahl-der-abschiebungen-mit-16-punkte-plan-erhoehen-a-1133615.html ) ( i could only find a detailed and reliable german source , but i can summarize this for anyone that wants to ) , [ the deals with north african states to take in refugees that want to move to europe ] ( http://www.politico.eu/article/angela-merkel-wants-refugee-migration-deals-with-northern-african-countries-migrants-migration-turkey/ ) or the [ recently passed laws that make it easier for authorities to monitor , detain and deport refugees ] ( https://global.handelsblatt.com/politics/clamping-down-on-asylum-768807 ) . 
  i could go on , but i think i made my point . 
  i do n't know why i expected an account that was created an hour ago to actually do some research , but come on , step your bait game up . 
  i mean , lets just ignore that alot europe 's politicians like merkel have taken strong anti immigrant stances and measures recently , simply misquote them and then throw in some points about a supposed guilt to make it controversial and release it behind a paywall . 
  wall street journal with its quality journalism again . 
   when i hear those words i feel fear , lol why ? 
  its a valid point , she ruled for a long time and germany is doing well . 
  why change something successful . 
  and third times the charm ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  dear lord yes !, 
  its a nice idea , but i 'm not sure that it will work just now , there are still too many differences between the eu member states . 
  what i could see happening very soon however is a `` core eu army '' , kind of like the early eu , only consisting of germany , france , italy , netherlands , belgium and luxembourg , and then slowly adding more and more members . 
  i think that 'd be nice . 
  you know , i 'm always a little surprised when people bring up problems of the german army like its something new , the wehrmacht had very similar problems . 
  after the first world war there were huge pacifist movements , and the german army had shit equipment too . 
  they still used wwi rifles , their tanks were worse than any of the allies , their main sidearm was incredibly expensive to produce and was more form over function , and barely any divisions were fully equipped meaning many needed to use donkeys , horses or bicycle to move their equipment . 
  their initial success only came through superior tactics like the blitzkrieg , which is why that name is so well known . 
  wehrmacht equipment only surpassed others during the middle and end of the war , when germanys biggest strength came into play : the german industry back home . 
  even back then germany had a strong and capable industry , and once thats fully repurposed for war , it can get miracles done . 
  do n't underestimate german engineering . 
   you know if this sub could be interested with all 27 countries like that ? 
  i do n't know , the sub usually always has some `` x of europe '' posts , so `` flags of europe '' does n't seem so weird . 
  you could post some , and see if people like them . 
  [ this is also another combination . 
  its kinda like how australia has the union jack in the top left corner ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wihrdjz.jpg ) , but i do prefer the first version , where the eu stars are simply over the normal french flag . 
  well , wether or not islam can be reformed remains to be seen and there is no downside in trying , i mean this lady is n't hurting anyone with her mosque . 
  also remember that christianity was reformed by one person who hung a few pieces of paper on a door . 
  even if this reformation fails , this mosque will at least give the few that practice a more modern version of islam a platform to speak and be in peace . 
   and you guys should listen to them reform it for the love of god but thats what this liberal church is supposed to do . 
  it literally says in the article :  women and men shall pray together and preach together at the mosque , while the koran is to be interpreted `` historically and critically . '', 
  the mosque is open to all , with one exception . 
  `` no one will come to our mosque with a niqab or burqa . 
  the full veil ultimately has little to do with religion but is a political statement '' , she believes . 
  she notes [ ... ] the majority of the imams have a troubled relationship with ideas of religious freedom , equality and homosexual rights . 
  they preach an islam from the past by founding this church , this lady wants to , at least try , to reform islam into something more modern . 
  you did n't read the article , did you ? 
  you only read the headline . 
   because merkel wants to allocate refugees to eastern europe yes merkel wants that , but so does basically all the other leader in the eu . 
  the relocation of refugees across nations of the eu was a decision made by its institutions , such as the european council , not merkel alone .
