the interventionism of the us is what caused the refugee crisis , not military power . 
  its the misuse of military power that leads to disaster , but since germany has a more defensive mindset when it comes to the military , i 'm pretty sure that something like that would n't happen with our army . 
  governments have been overthrown for less . 
  i upvoted it , just so people see it . 
  the votes are not if you agree or disagree right ? 
   can you point out a single fact she denied ? 
  she denied that the vichy regimes crimes were that of the french , you know , the thing that this article is about . 
   the nazi regime ? 
  not the germans ? 
  just like she said vichy regime ? 
  did you read the entire sentence ? 
   ironic how you phrased that . 
  that . 
  was . 
  the . 
  point . 
   she did n't even deny it . 
  she denied the vichy government was france . 
   she did n't deny it , she just denied it . 
  dude what ? 
   the official position of the french government , to this day , is that vichy was n't the official french regime . 
  that is simply not true , it even says so in the article this comment section is about . 
  do you even read the articles you comment on ? 
  the french government officially recognized their part in the vel ' d'hiv roundup in 1995 for instance . 
   vichy-regime was not france well then the nazi-regime was n't germany , the udssr was n't russia and the british empire was n't england , and none of their crimes matter . 
  but thats not how this works , what happened has already happened and nothing will change that . 
  things like these will stay history forever , but they are just that , things of the past . 
  just because they happened does n't mean we have to feel guilty for them , though simply ignoring them and looking at history in a selective way just to make yourself look better will lead us to repeat these mistakes . 
  i do n't even get why you would deny facts just to make your nation seem like a better place . 
  germany and europe in general are good examples , just look at the period around wwii . 
  the nazi regime committed horrible crimes against humanity and there were brutal , inhumane conflicts around the entirety of europe , and now the european nations are closer than ever and working in unison , while germany is one of the friendliest and most humanitarian nations of all . 
  why deny history , when you can simply learn from it and show why you are better than the people who have done these acts ? 
   flakey twat what does that even mean  her support of turkey joining the bloody eu made a lot of nations nervous , and was used as an argument in brexit . 
  turkey was in talks of joining the eu for some time then , merkel just wanted to voice her support since turkey was helping with the refugee crisis and that was a good chance for turkey to show that they truly want to join the eu , well they did n't and merkel has then spoken against them . 
  no one was nervous , and why should they 've been ? 
  also i 've never seen that argument for brexit . 
   also her incredible involvement in exacerbating the migrant crisis for europe , then back pedalling when the shit started to hit the fan . 
  there were a ton of refugees suddendly ad the border and she did what she thought was best , and that was to enforce the law that all politically hunted people have a right to asylum , aswell as help as many as possible . 
  of course she changed her mind , because it was a bit too much than she expected and her people wanted change , so she did what her people wanted . 
  ... your point was that merkel was at some point for accelerating turkeys accession into the eu , before things turned to shit over there ? 
  what does that have to do with ireland ? 
  i think its just merkel voicing support for the sake of making it clear that the eu and germany are standing behind them . 
  of course no one is against ireland in this case , but its always nice to actually have someone say it . 
  thats from 2015 : / she has now said time and time again that turkeys accession into the eu is off the table . 
  at least pick relevant sources if you want to discredit someone . 
  its really not , you make it seem like `` selling '' is something bad, 
  article 50 is n't the only thing thats triggered apparently, 
  yes how dare we produce quality products and distribute them to everyone , how dare our engineers do their job . 
  i do n't wan na point my finger at anyone and say that its completely their fault , but refugees came , because americas interventionist policies in the middle east caused war and crisis , so people of course fled these lands . 
  open borders in europe do n't destabilize the east or cause refugees , if that were true than the refugee crisis would 've happened decades ago , how did you even come to this conclusion . 
   mahgreb and middle easterners can travel through europe willy nilly . 
  thats simply not true  you made your bed germany first its the eu 's fault , then the schengner treaty and open borders are at fault , now its germanys fault ... 
  i 'm seeing a pattern here  watch the eu implode where did you get that idea ? 
  the eu is n't gon na go anywhere anytime soon . 
   your last chance is le pen ... you serious ? 
   makepolandgreatagain  account created 17 hours ago now all of this makes sense . 
   how does europe , or germany itself for that matter , benefit from these high rates of immigration first off its not about if we benefit from it , we do n't go there and ask if they want to come . 
  they were at our borders ( mostly thanks to american interventionism ) and we let them in , because our constitution says that they have a right to asylum , and unlike some other countries we actually take our laws seriously even if they do n't benefit us personally . 
  even then the amount of immigrants that stayed in germany have benefitted the market , by filling out a lot of labor positions that have stayed empty in the last years , but i assume that you are one of the people that believe that this is some intricate plot to replace the german population so i 'm just gon na stop here . 
   uttering the wrong words can land you in prison in germany . 
  the way you describe his is bullshit and you know it . 
  `` wrong words '' like holocaust denial has a chance to land you in prison , and thats justified . 
  just because she does n't run around and put herself in the spotlight , does n't mean that she is n't a strong leader . 
  merkel simply likes to think before she acts while not deviating too far from the usual methods , and honestly germany has done pretty well in the last years . 
  why should you go chase your dreams , when your only dreams should be w\u00f6rk ? 
  the fact that this guys thinks that vancouver is a country should tell you everything you need to know about why this comment is bullshit . 
   if most of turkish people are ok with this then who we are to complain ? 
  hitler was elected democratically and the majority of the population back then approved , and everyone saw how that turned out ... just saying . 
  i love how with trump supporters there is always the situation of schr\u00f6dingers germany . 
  either we are using the eu as a bicycle in order to exploit other countries and resurrect the reich , or we are being taken over by muslim immigrants who impose ~ ~ sharia ~ ~ shakira law, 
  but to us germans there is only w\u00f6rk , no humor , no vacation ... . only glorious w\u00f6rk, 
  cant we just say ... eu above everything ? 
  man need to eat meat in order to stay strong , and need to be strong in order to continue to w\u00f6rk . 
  while i do agree that germany should be more serious when dealing with the israeli settlement building , answering injustice with more injustice will simply lead to unnecessary conflict . 
  [ well , if people wo n't join the bundeswehr , then they 'll have to improvise ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jaojuqjstbs&amp;spfreload=10&amp;ab_channel=moottube ), 
  the bundeswehr has around 180.000 voluntary soldiers . 
  the want to increase the size to 200.000 , not by 200.000 . 
  [ is it time already ? 
  yeah but thats all fake news !, 
  its all just a plot where everyone got together , just to slander the great usa !, 
  everyone except trump is lying !, 
  its not swallowing , he said `` swollowing '' . 
  we will make europe swole again !, 
  [ did somebody say ... anschluss ? 
  define better economy . 
  if you go by pure gdp then yes america has the better economy , but germany has higher paid jobs , less working hours , far lower unemployment rates and better job security , and even then its not far behind the us in terms of gdp . 
  the us has a more powerful economy , but germany has a better one . 
  must be fake news because america is not first , and they always say they are the land of freedom ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  also germany did n't start ww1 , it was austria hungary after the heir to the throne of austria-hungary got assassinated , but in order to know that you 'd need ... ... unbiased education :o oh no !, 
   meanwhile germany has far less crime than the us something seems off, 
  because why give logic or statistics or facts when you can just cry fake news . 
  i 'm 100 % sure you 're american , since you apparently mastered the art of pulling numbers out of your ass , same as trump does . 
  thats some neat alternative facts you got there , did you get them from fox news or breitbart , you triggered little trumpet you, 
  trump supporters are so easily triggered, 
  thats some nice alternative facts you have there, 
  be careful you do n't cut your wrists with that edge, 
   meanwhile germany has far less crime than the us  meanwhile germanys economy is on the rise  meanwhile germanys political position strengthens with england leaving and a eu reform is closer than ever  meanwhile the president of the us has made enemies with almost every other nation , including valuable trade partners  meanwhile there are violent riots in the us  merkel shit wreaking the country something seems off, 
  5 % , but i 'm sure you 'll find detailed alternative facts on fox news or breitbart, 
  france is n't on the list because thats not even a valid question . 
  of course we 're best friends !,
