  and all the points they score !, 
  never heard of her . 
  wow , this is my new desktop now . 
  thank you !, 
  i do n't know about your election process , but are the bjp and narendra modi all that different from trump ? 
  he was implicated in the gujarati riots / ethno-religious cleansing iirc . 
  among other things . 
  modi supporter !!!!, 
  j/k . 
  thanks for that perspective . 
  if jesus can let a prostitute wash his feet , you can be social around a gay couple . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  first date fresh mmmf !, 
  they 're not wrong . 
  \u266b i love basketball ,, 
  i love the lake show ,, 
  i love uncle p ,, 
  and his game winner from deep !, 
  oh this one hurt . 
  i do n't even want to imagine the turning radius on that thing . 
  fuck the celtics, 
  fuck the clippers, 
  better ? 
  please , for everyone 's sake , just pass on through . 
  you two look adorable , but the real question is where do you find friends and/or family who like taking good candids ? 
  the realtor found a handkerchief and wrote an email to susan to let her know . 
  susan , who is writing this email , thinks this particular handkerchief has a design on it , and she thinks that design is one of a map . 
  the design of the map has some sort of meaning attached to it that causes a viewer to think of pizza on observation - pizza being a yeasted flatbread generally topped with tomato sauce and cheese and baked in an oven . 
  susan , assisting the realtor in their attempt to locate the owner of this personal possession , contacts john podesta at his personal email address with this information . 
  she directly asks podesta if he is the owner of the handkerchief in question , then informs him that the realtor can arrange transportation for the handkerchief to him if he answers in the affirmative . 
  susan has prior knowledge of podesta 's willingness to spend time on a matter like this , so she acknowledges the low priority of her inquiry and lets podesta know that she is not expecting a response from him unless he is the owner of the handkerchief and he wants it back . 
  last , she signs off with her name . 
  it 's misspelled , and along with other spelling and formatting mistakes in the email an observer can probably conclude that she composed this email on a mobile phone or in a short amount of time , or in any case with a casual attitude . 
  it 's the kind of email sent by someone who barely gives a shit about what they are saying but writes it anyway to be polite . 
  ( well fuck , i cracked the code . 
  i must be in on the conspiracy to have this kind of understanding . 
  * fbi , come and get me !, 
  why not both ? 
  [ hey , it works for cheryl !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a6skgmjhfl0 ) it 's the sensible thing to do , really . 
  ugh , it 's so annoying when some object massive enough to be rounded by it 's own gravity just waltzes in here without doing anything and expects us to judge its status . 
  like , clear your damn neighborhood first and * then * we can talk . 
  i 'm really not convinced that she did the right thing in leaking the material she did , but her treatment in prison has been shameful so i 'm glad she 's getting out . 
  7 years is what , the longest ever prison sentence served for leaking classified material ? 
  she 's done her time . 
  [ using solitary confinement as punishment for attempting suicide ] ( https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/sep/24/chelsea-manning-suicide-attempt-solitary-confinement-health-experts ) . 
  well one bad apple spoils the whole bunch , so if there 's multiple you 've basically got yourself a compost pile . 
  does it even matter ? 
  what kind of excuse is that ? 
  `` well , he had to publish inflammatory and racist diatribes because that 's what the target audience for his views on the gold standard eat up ! '', 
  that 's only an acceptable explanation if you 're a sociopath and your only goal is more eyeballs for your newsletter , morals be damned . 
  if paul rejected racism at even the most basic and generic level that should have been unacceptable to him . 
  this is one of the many episodes of voyager where i was disappointed that there was no counselor / psychologist on the ship . 
  i was n't a big fan of troi in tng , but voyager seems like a lost chance to do better - crew lost in the delta quadrant , alone , isolated , forced to work with the maquis ... oh what could have been . 
  and i distinctly remember yelling at the tv for janeway to disable the memorial . 
  i do n't think the warning buoy was enough . 
  i place a high value on historical knowledge , but not at the cost of psychological trauma - and how could any future historians do work planetside when they have to deal with this madness ? 
  why close off a whole habitable system like that ? 
  janeway does make some questionable decisions from time to time , but i 'm still very fond of her . 
  ayy lmao , raise them dongers, 
  1 ) there 's no evidence that the us flag code applies to digital displays of the flag . 
  2 ) the 1st amendment supersedes the flag code . 
  you can do what you like with the flag . 
  ( [ * united states v. eichman * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_v._eichman ) ), 
  3 ) i think the irish-american heart is a positive symbol and a great gesture of goodwill and friendship between the two nations . 
  considering virtually every other pair of flags placed next to each other also has the two-flag heart symbol of friendship , building one with the irish is also a symbol that we are part of an international community that promotes peace between nations . 
  to be the only flag that does n't have a heart when we are touching another flag sends the wrong kind of signal to the world . 
  i 've been homeless with a car and without , and both times i slept near a university . 
  restrooms on campus with outdoor entrances were unlocked 24/7 . 
  i also found some single stall / locking restrooms on campus where i could scrub myself down in the early morning , but those did n't open until around 7am or so . 
  it does n't . 
  the organizers of the sit-in do n't know what they are doing , especially ro and alejandra . 
  the uc did not mishandle ro 's case , mostly because they did n't handle it at all - the accused did n't go to ucsb and ro reported the assault took place in isla vista , so the sb county sheriff handled it . 
  other cases have been mishandled by the university in the past , but since the may 2015 sit in the administration has been working with campus advocates to improve things . 
  in fact the university has made significant progress to fulfill the may 2015 demands . 
  there have been monthly/bimonthly meetings between the administration and student advocates . 
  two months ago the regents hired a systemwide title ix coordinator to improve practices across the entire uc , and the organizers of the sit-in met with her earlier * the very same day of the sit in * . 
  i 'd like to point out that the organizers did not go into the sit in with a list of demands ; they came up with them * at the sit in * . 
  and the organizers should be embarrassed at the ignorance and confusion displayed in their demands . 
  they demand a survivor resource center with a full time director in their very first demand - we have one . 
  it 's called [ care ] ( http://wgse.sa.ucsb.edu/care/home ) . 
  now care certainly needs improvement , but it 's seriously ignorant to claim there is n't one and counterproductive to ask for redundant services when there is limited funding to go around !, 
  [ caps already prioritizes students with immediate and pressing needs ] ( http://caps.sa.ucsb.edu/resources/crisis-assistance ) , and why would we overload them with specific counseling for family members ( who very likely live hundreds of miles away anyway ! ) ? 
  there already is an mou for local law enforcement in iv ( how else could the foot patrol operate ? 
  ) , and their demands are nonsensical : `` jurisdiction and protocol as to how cases are managed '' ??? 
  yes , an mou is about jurisdiction , but they do n't have any idea what it is they even want !, 
  i do n't know what power they think chancellor yang has over sbcc , but if they want sbcc to be transparent they should go hold a sit in over at sbcc . 
  their 5th demand has already been met : the [ isla vista research institute ] ( http://www.ihc.ucsb.edu/ivrti/ ) . 
  their 6th demand is ... the [ clery act ] ( http://www.police.ucsb.edu/files/docs/annual-clery-act-campus-security-report-2016.pdf ) . 
  i do n't know what they want with their 7th demand - survivors are free to transfer to another campus even while a title ix investigation is ongoing , while accusers are not . 
  their 8th demand started a decade ago with the [ isla vista master plan ] ( https://www.countyofsb.org/ceo/successor-agency/isla-vista-master-plan.sbc ) . 
  their 9th demand is vague and nonsensical - why chancellors ? 
  each uc already has a title ix coordinator that is 1 ) knowledgeable about title ix and 2 ) responsible for title ix policy , and now the system has a uc-wide title ix coordinator . 
  their 10th demand makes it seem like they know what care is , which is even more embarrassing , and in fact ucsb has been very good about pronouns and queer sensitivity thanks to some awesome queer activists both on and off campus . 
  demand 11 is never going to happen and not particularly useful anyway except as a place to hold more publicity stunts . 
  demand 12 has already been implemented - there have been monthly or bimonthly meetings between the administration and activists since the may 2015 sit in . 
  their demand list is the activist equivalent of starting a term paper at 3am the night before it 's due . 
  i know a few student advocates for sexual assault victims who were not present at the sit-in wednesday night and they are upset . 
  they have been carefully and thoughtfully critiquing uc and ucsb policy and doing the important but tedious work of sifting through campus policies , pointing out administration failures and advocating for changes that help all victims . 
  and now they have to deal with this .
