  that 's why i think it 's completely appropriate to lay blame on him . 
  we miss you too !, 
   constantly evolving and a community that creates itself, 
  that strikes me as so meaningless as to encompass almost any modern day community . 
  i do n't wan na and you ca n't make me !, 
  i 'm hoping when her album drops this will all seem like a charming misunderstanding . 
  but not til then, 
  well , i was in a similar situation about a year and a half ago . 
  the worst part of being homeless is just how much loneliness you have to suffer through in silence . 
  you feel like you are n't a functioning member of society , like you 're not even as human as the people around you , and the shame and guilt of being in your situation makes it so hard to reach out to others . 
  please ignore the jerks in this thread , and ignore the fact that she 's homeless . 
  people can and will try to prey on you by becoming intimate with you and using that emotional connection for financial gain , but that happens at every single socioeconomic level . 
  even the richest of the rich have to deal with the slightly less rich gold diggers . 
  use your good sense , not just with her but with anyone else . 
  if anyone tries to guilt trip you or push your boundaries beyond what you 're comfortable with warn them , and if they do n't stop then end it . 
   so i went on a first date with this girl , 20 [ f ] , similar interests to me , she works a lot , well put together at first looks . 
  dresses well . 
  she has anxiety and depression to were she needs a therapy dog , but thats not a big deal . 
  jfc give this girl a hug !, 
  i think it 's bungie 's best game . 
  i love the fluid combat mechanics , the depth of the hand to hand combat , the variety of interesting firearms , the cyberpunk atmosphere , konoko herself . 
  i 've yet to play anything else like it sadly enough . 
  yeah , in a kind of more literal sense . 
  i started dating a married woman who 's husband was okay with her seeing other women , but not men . 
  things were fun until he found out that i 'm a * trans * woman and suddenly he was n't ok with it anymore . 
  i guess it was a very literal one penis policy . 
  yeah ... 
  i 'm all about `` the meaning of art is in the interpretation given by the viewer '' and death of the author , but this just seems like an unsupported , too charitable , and rather pretentious reading of an electronic dance song . 
  if you still have your copy , you can try the [ anniversary edition mod ] ( http://wiki.oni2.net/anniversary_edition ) to get it working . 
  works like a charm on my core i5 machine running windows 10 . 
  i subscribed finally . 
  i can shitpost about red stars if you like, 
  purple line extension !, 
  purple line extension !, 
  bring it on !, 
  `` compelling evidence '' is a strong phrase . 
  i 'm not a professional astronomer , but i do n't think this qualifies . 
  `` do you see that , up in the sky ? 
  that 's a pie . 
  that 's * my * pie . 
  my pie in the sky . 
  do you see this rocket ? 
  it goes into the sky . 
  because i 'm going to go into the sky where my pie is , and i 'm going to * take * it . '', 
  elon musk, 
  september 27 , 2016, 
  i ca n't speak to the other groups affected , but i think having noa extremists targeting red star cells of 5 or fewer members just sucks . 
  the paper says `` local players should, 
  organize , network , and bring in new cell members to prevent individual targeting '' as if this mechanic is encouraged to recruit more red star , but frankly that 's already hard enough to do . 
  the current cell in el dorado only exists because a lone red star player persevered through months of loneliness and insults . 
  it was four months before other red star came in and a cell could be formed , and the cell did n't hit 6 members until a couple months after that . 
  dr has such a huge focus on capitalist and market economics , and it 's really hard to get people to play a strain that flips the game on its head . 
  or i could be all wrong and maybe local directors wo n't be * too * mean about the npcs they throw your way and your little red star cell can have some plot to deal with . 
  who knows ? 
  just because ? 
  is everyone in eden part of the neighborhood watch or something ? 
  affirmative !, 
  we love it !, 
  i 've met a good number of transplants from the chicago area . 
  maybe there are more than we realize ? 
  i mean , why would you be on the cubs bandwagon when the dodgers are in the same nlcs ? 
  slay , queen !, 
  i lost my great grandmother at 12 . 
  i was never given time to process it - there was no memorial service of any kind . 
  just told she passed away , and that was that . 
  i was also nearly emotionally dead at the time from the things going on in my life . 
  at age 26 after a tough day i thought about her and suddenly i missed her so much , i wanted to be with her and to say all the things i could n't express when i was young , and it was like someone pulled the cork on my emotional blockage and i started weeping right there in the parking lot . 
  i felt a little stupid too , but my friend who was with me and witnessed this told me that there 's nothing wrong with it . 
  and there really is n't . 
  you 're allowing yourself to feel the emotions that thoughts of her bring up , and to let them pass , and that 's okay . 
  that 's normal . 
  that 's the healthy , mature way to deal with things . 
  the other option that people think of as `` mature '' - suppressing your emotions - does n't work and is worse for you . 
  doing that is actually more likely to lead to dwelling . 
  you 're not doing that , you 'll be ok . 
  if you are able to talk about your feelings with someone who takes them seriously , that might be of help in dealing with the times she is mentioned and the general grieving process . 
  i 've heard there 's a group of people who like to dress up in all white and do some strange chanting in one of the parks in iv in the middle of the night . 
  i 've never witnessed this myself , but i think i first heard about it from a story posted here . 
  why the hell is n't this the headline , along with the fact that the fbi does n't even have a warrant to look at them yet ? 
  is the media that pathetic ? 
  we wo n't fuck it up . 
  captain , i 'm picking up elevated levels of cuteness in this sector, 
  it 's not like / r/catholicism is much better . 
  they had a post recently that turned into an anti-democracy circlejerk . 
  come to think of it nearly every one of their posts turns into a right-wing circlejerk/fetish of some kind . 
  i try to remind myself that they are n't all catholics , maybe half at most , but they sure seem like it over there : /, 
  we fucked it up . 
  i 'm so sorry . 
  i 'm 28 with a b.a. 
  in psychology from a good school ( ucsb ) , but i do n't speak any mandarin . 
  what kind of jobs could get in taiwan ? 
  is the pay comparable to california ? 
  i 'm seriously considering this . 
  \u266b i love basketball ,, 
  i love the lake show ,, 
  i love randle ,, 
  and all the ways he trolls !, 
  \u266b i love basketball ,, 
  i love the lake show ,, 
  i love the whole bench ,,
