  maybe then lefties will stop caring about purity and instead get their hands dirty trying to pull the levers of power in congress . 
  you know , by winning house races and implementing democratic electoral reforms and being elected to local governments . 
  boring , unsexy , effective stuff . 
  why not eliminate at-grade crossings ? 
  we found someone , sorry !, 
  there were free snacks as well as free woodstock 's pizza !, 
  i 'm used to watching got episodes by myself or with just one other person so it was really fun to experience the emotions of the crowd , like cheering and clapping when a certain character died and d'awwing when another two said last farewells . 
  they also had a prize giveaway at midnight including tickets to see david sedaris and a dvd box set of season 4 of game of thrones , although i did n't stay to see what happened ( i left around 11pm ) . 
  it was also pretty cool to see the show on such a big screen , and to see so much sex and violence in campbell hall haha . 
  lots of fun , i hope this kind of thing continues in the future . 
  san diego , orange county , bakersfield , santa clarita , ventura county , they 're all full of middle-to-upper-class police-loving busy-bodies . 
  even in the l.a. area - beverly hills , brentwood , santa monica , burbank . 
  the pacific justice institute is based in california . 
  i do n't think trans people have nearly the same amount of support in the state that lgb people did when prop 8 was on the ballot , so i think it would take a smaller push from bigoted organizations to pass anti-trans laws via the ballot . 
  and yeah , even if this passed i would n't be afraid to use the restroom in most of the places i wander around in . 
  but there are lots of places in ca ( see above ) that are n't the safest for trans people , and trans people still live there . 
  i would n't be surprised to see civil claims filed against trans people if this initiative passes . 
  i bet that crazy lawyer in huntington beach who wanted to legalize the murder of queer people would spend all his free time hunting trans people . 
  do n't read the comments . 
  it looks like the pentagon policy change opening up combat roles to women [ has a deadline of january 2016 ] ( http://www.csmonitor.com/usa/military/2015/0407/pentagon-faces-hurdle-to-women-in-special-ops-uninformed-men ) , so they should be able to serve in the regiment then . 
  i had a whole thing typed but i accidentally closed the window so i 'll try to be brief . 
  i think i 'm eligible for medi-cal , california 's version of medicaid , would that be any better ? 
  first symptoms started saturday may 30 . 
  like a bomb went off inside my face intense pain and pressure . 
  went to student health , half pain same pressure , they thought it was a sinus infection . 
  took antibiotics . 
  went back on wednesday , they said to if it was n't better . 
  x-rays showed clear sinuses and nasal passages . 
  given higher strength antibiotics and fioricet . 
  started taking allergy meds in case , i was n't breathing the best and snoring . 
  worried about how poorly i was thinking and vocalizing , so i went back the next day . 
  i wrote a letter to her that took 3x as long as it should have because i was n't confident that i could express myself . 
  different nurse , she gave me an en&t referral . 
  the day after had a scary incident . 
  no pain , same pressure . 
  felt like even though i was breathing that i was barely above water so to speak . 
  i was about to blow dry my hair but i could n't , i just lay down on the ground . 
  i was n't drowsy , my muscles were n't tired , but doing anything , even simple things , seemed impossible . 
  like i do n't even know how to describe it ? 
  rested but will/energy is gone ? 
  thinking was so hard to do . 
  about 10 minutes later i managed to get myself up on to the couch and lay down . 
  i was trying to figure out what to do but i could n't even properly think/reason it out . 
  after i do n't even know how long i managed to get myself to the bus to the hospital down the street . 
  at the er i could n't even tell the triage nurse what was going on , eventually got out `` ca n't talk '' and a couple other two word sentences . 
  as i was waiting i cried from all the stress and slowly could talk a little more . 
  inside i was better but still frustrated at being unable to express myself fully . 
  they took blood and urine , all came back clean . 
  i cried some more . 
  more of my speech came back to me and i told them what had been going on up until now , i still thought it was sinuses so i asked if they could drain them but they said no . 
  they said it takes time , go to the ent doctor . 
  i asked about the cognitive impairment and they said see your psychiatrist . 
  i said why ? 
  they thought i was experiencing psychosomatic symptoms or a depressive episode since i 've struggled with that a lot . 
  i said i 've been seeing my psychiatrist regularly and a therapist and i know what depression and psych symptoms look like i have a lot of experience ( and now a degree in psychology ! ), 
  and i insisted that this felt completely different but they said there was nothing to do . 
  i left seriously upset and stressed . 
  so then last tuesday i went back to student health for a blood draw / allergy test . 
  while i was waiting my upper left arm spasmed for like a minute straight . 
  but i 've had spasms before so i did n't think anything of it . 
  my results were negative for any allergy . 
  that was puzzling . 
  then i wake up and the bottom my foot is tingling . 
  i 'm still fatigued . 
  still ca n't think straight . 
  on thursday i picked up a neurologist referral that i asked for ( the nurse at student health had briefly suggested it ) . 
  as i 'm walking to my last final my foot is tingling like crazy , my left side feels weak , i get a couple electric shocks in one of my left toes . 
  the next day i 'm barely holding it together . 
  i snapped harshly at one of my roommates , that is n't like me at all . 
  my emotions were all over the place and i was stressed out . 
  that night my left leg from the knee down is pins and needles , i ca n't think , i ca n't deal with this stress and i do n't know what 's going on . 
  but i do suspect . 
  the light static in my vision that became heavier at night . 
  the negative afterglow of things in my vision that are n't even light sources and happen just by glancing at them . 
  tinnitus that got really bad . 
  fear and sadness when i 'm just talking to a friend , completely unrelated . 
  sometimes i feel so helpless , a friend is right in front of me and i ca n't say something ? 
  and then 20 minutes later it gets easier to talk to them ?!, 
  when i called the neurologist office i had a hard time expressing how i felt ? 
  it came out way more blunt than i 'm used to . 
  today now i have some tingling in the bottom of my right foot and the ends of . y left fingers as well . 
  and my fingers are a little hard to manipulate . 
  i got a little off balance and a little clumsier when this all started too . 
  and memory problems , like all the time remembering what i just told myself i needed to do a few seconds ago . 
  i know memory slips happen but i 'm constantly reanalyzing what i need to do at any given moment instead of just remembering . 
  i think i might have had an attack last month too ? 
  i was suddenly struck with some minor vertigo , a friend came to talk to me and i could n't say anything to them ? 
  then i managed to push out a sentence word by word `` why . 
  say . 
  anything ? '', 
  then my legs and arms had massive pins and needles . 
  and then i promptly had a panic attack , so i figured that 's what was going on but numbness is supposed to happen after i start hyperventilating right ? 
  so i do n't know . 
  ok so this is actually long , and it took me way longer and way more effort to write than it should have . 
  yes this is bothering the hell out of me . 
  see above . 
  mostly my left side yes , but a little bit on my right side as well . 
  the facial pain and pressure were definitely on both sides , although worse on the left side . 
  i have the same worries about the er . 
  i guess there is n't much point in going ... already went once and had that experience .
