i went to [ colors lgbtq youth counseling center ] ( http://www.colorsyouth.org/ ) for about a year and i had a great experience . 
  it 's totally free . 
  there is a waitlist , i was on it for about 2 months before i had my first appointment but it was worth the wait . 
  look at the hands of an analog clock at 6:30 . 
  is that roma downey the same one as the touched by an angel actress ? 
  the spanish language has a long history in the united states , my friend . 
  mexican culture is just another part of american culture , just like irish culture , english culture , german culture , etc. 
   during a school board meeting where they would vote if she stays or goes , parents against klug in the classroom said , `` each parent has an individual right and individual liberty to determine at what age it is appropriate to be exposed to certain things . '', 
  lol , that is one of the most authoritarian things i 've ever read , and it so contrary to reality it 's hilarious . 
  the world exposes all of us to all sorts of things and does n't politely wait for an `` appropriate '' time to do so . 
  that 's why children have parents - to prepare them !, 
  what a silly shirking of responsibility on the part of the parents . 
  and what are the parents going to do when the inevitable happens and the school has a trans student ? 
  have the school district ban them from public school entirely ? 
  the famous real life house of habsburg lasted from around 1100 until 1780 , when it [ went extinct with the death of maria theresa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_habsburg#extinction_of_the_austrian_habsburgs ) - and they were once the most powerful force in the world !, 
  inbreeding and wars take their toll . 
  that the starks have four of theirs still running around and that two of them are males who can continue the line is the real miracle here . 
  imagine if bethesda had made half the characters in skyrim women . 
  they would have never finished it !, 
  use it to quench california 's never-ending thirst for water . 
   i 'm not rich but i make about 150k a year, 
  you 're in the 90th percentile in terms of household income ( and around the 97th percentile in terms of individual income ) . 
  you 're rich , just not ultra-rich . 
  the 1 % start at around $ 507k in terms of household income . 
  yeah , the p-zombie concept is a dressed up version of mind-body dualism - a concept psychology has long abandoned for good reasons . 
  i 've always found the argument behind them very weak because it relies on the assertion that `` in fact we can conceive of a world physically indistinguishable from our world but in which there is no consciousness . '', 
  that is an argument begging the question : ability to conceive of such a world requires belief in mind-body dualism in the first place , which is what the argument is trying to prove is true . 
  i can no more conceive such a thing than i can a square without corners or a proton made of two down quarks . 
  patrick califia , back when he was lesbian-identified , was pretty transphobic . 
  he said that when he finally met a real-life trans person he started to change his mind ( and then eventually transitioned himself ) . 
  and that makes sense - it 's super easy to demonize and keep attaching negatives to something that 's just a concept in your head . 
  when you see someone in the flesh you are confronted with their humanity . 
  if your sister loves you , and you come out to her , she will be forced to confront the fact that you are not the demon in her head . 
  you should take a look at / r/raisedbynarcissists . 
  she lost , [ the city passed the ordinance ] ( http://www.fayettevilleflyer.com/2014/08/20/fayetteville-passes-anti-discrimination-ordinance/ ) . 
  the book also supports embracing the outcast and downtrodden with food , shelter , and love . 
  it 's not so much the book that matters , but the continued support for hateful religious organizations that hurt people . 
  can i buy one from you ?!, 
  this is gorgeous !, 
  guys can do that too . 
  wanting to express yourself in a feminine manner does n't automatically make you a girl . 
  i am not a lawyer , but reasonable suspicion ( a lesser standard than probable cause ) is the threshold required for an officer to detain a person and demand identification , as the supreme court ruled in * [ terry v. ohio ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/terry_v._ohio ) * . 
  a 911 call identifying them , their car , and a crime in progress is reasonable suspicion . 
  this was n't hearsay . 
  i completely understand why she would n't want to give her id to the cops . 
  i do n't think what they were accused of should be a crime . 
  but legally the cop had every right to demand her identification . 
  so my bff , a counselor at a community college , attended a uc-wide conference on transfer admissions a couple weeks ago ( at ucsb actually ) . 
  during the financial aid presentation , which was given by someone from ucop , she learned that the uc system now has a system-wide financial aid policy that counts scholarships and other outside aid against your grant package . 
  i think that 's what is happening in your case . 
  it really is not fair at all , and she and every other counselor there were very pissed off . 
  if you 're a low income student there 's basically no point in applying for scholarships because unless by some miracle you manage to get more than your grant package you wo n't get any more money and that effort is for nothing . 
  i 'm guessing the uc system is n't publicizing this because 1 ) it 's fucking ridiculous and 2 ) they want people to keep applying for outside aid so the uc bears less of the cost . 
  but they really should , they have a duty to their students ffs . 
  no , you very clearly * do n't * know the dangers . 
  most of us here , like svane , find a parent posting a name and location ( a small hometown especially ) of your daughter in such a public forum to be highly unusual and careless . 
  she did a search and warned you of the information about your daughter available because someone else less scrupulous than her * will * do a search and * will * find information including photographs of your daughter and her school schedule !, 
  not might , not `` wo n't because they should n't '' , * will * . 
  you have to assume that anything you post on the internet will be there forever and every bit of identifying information can and will be used against you , which is why you should be very very careful about revealing such personal information - especially about someone underage who is in your care . 
  yeah , let me go tell my friend who has health insurance for the first time in several years and is now able to see a psychiatrist and take medication she badly needed how superficial the policy difference that allowed her to do this really is . 
  i bet it 'd be a really persuasive argument . 
  i actually imagine that all the time - not being sarcastic . 
  but when reality slams you in the face over and over again , you start to pay attention to how it works , and how it works is that whatever your personal feelings may be , until the election system in the u.s. is changed a vote for the greens or any other third party is in its political effect essentially a vote for the republicans . 
  period . 
  you should read the * bhagavad gita * . 
  prince arjuna hesitates to kill his friends and family , and krishna explains that he must fulfill his solemn duty as a warrior and slay them all . 
  it 's the moral thing to do , apparently . 
  there is no `` one '' hindu holy book . 
  hinduism is n't exactly a unified tradition in the sense that christianity and islam are so much as it is the name for the various interrelated indigenous religious traditions of india . 
  that being said there are several texts that are popular / widely respected , like the * bhagavad gita * ( part of the longer * mahabharata * ) , the * ramayana * and of course the oldest one , the * rigveda * . 
  super old news . 
  not really , at least not in the united states . 
  most catholics here are at odds with the pope on some issue or another ( e.g. 
  contraception use ) , it 's really not tough at all to be in the church and disagree . 
  that 's why we have phrases like `` cafeteria catholic '' and `` more catholic than the pope '' . 
  that being said , i certainly think the pope is very influential and i 'm glad he 's speaking out about climate change . 
  as far as climate change goes there is n't really a history of theological arguments instilled in the laity about it ( as far as i know ... unless they 've been hanging around some fringe protestants ) so it 's an area where he can definitely do some good . 
  source : raised catholic, 
  yep . 
  looks very much like the dude is in psychosis , in which case talking with him will do nothing to stop him from harassing op . 
  ai n't no pb in there , bub . 
  omg look at me , i found a way to sexually harass women on the street and get away with it !, 
  i 'm so fucking cleverrrrrrrrrr, 
  it 's just another statement from another lawyer . 
  not really reassuring . 
  i like him ... but on the off chance he was elected president his supporters would feel even more let down than the ones barack obama disappointed . 
  presidents are n't dictators , virtually their entire ability to effect change ( especially the kind that leftists like ) is dependent on congress , which after the 2016 election will be :, 
  republican majority in at least one chamber . 
  this is very likely to be the result for the next congress . 
  the odds of getting even the simplest legislation passed are zero . 
  democratic majorities in both chambers , but fewer than 60 in the senate . 
  it 's extremely unlikely that the dems will be able to take back both chambers in 2016 . 
  even if they did , if their majority in the senate is 59 or fewer the republicans can veto anything via the filibuster , save for judicial nominations iirc . 
  democratic majority in the house and supermajority in the senate . 
  hahahaha !, 
  if the ridiculously improbable happens and we end up in this situation , then maybe something half-decent might get passed , if president sanders & co. can coax yes votes out of the most conservative democrats in the caucus who will hold veto power over legislation . 
  but we do n't have to worry about this possibility because it 's not going to happen . 
  so if come 2017 we have president sanders , he 'll be trying to govern with his hands tied behind his back and when he ca n't get anything done and his believers become disenchanted we can look forward to another fun republican landslide in the 2018 midterms . 
  i do n't see how that advances a left wing populist agenda . 
  i 'd rather have clinton in there because most people already believe she 's a dirty politicking politician .
