  in fairness ming and some others are sound . 
  it was years ago at the light/water show in madrid and it did n't give change . 
  it 's not just a supermarket, 
  the thing i hated about spain was this 35 cent toilet every thing else was lovely . 
  they have surveys man ees are worse off than average . 
  i bet if you ask on / r/crainn about polish drug dealers the answer will be they are becoming more common we will have ethnic gangs in the future now that fuck all money is going to integration programs i think it would have happened even with such programs but it 'll probably worse without them . 
  english because every body speaks it . 
  invented democracy and classical architecture are broke as fuck . 
  well people generally book weddings a year or so ahead of time and some people do n't want to get married in the year 13 . 
  maybe that 's true for your country but mine has a communist party and had it for a long time but no one votes for them . 
  edit sorry did n't see the flair we have a communist party and if they get 3 seats in the next general election they would be doing very well . 
  a single party democracy is no democracy at all . 
  the ira . 
  but we got 85 billion . 
  i 'm confused . 
  god save the queen !, 
  give us more drugs if you want to see any tax is the damn point . 
  the uk i was born there and i do n't have to learn a new language . 
  not bad also the sea does n't go after the dutch the dutch go after the sea . 
  is the next likely party better or worse for the piigs ? 
  many of them can move . 
  it not like any country will use much if any of it 's leverage to help lgbt people within russia . 
  what is a transfer union ? 
  i know a kid who came out of a coma he 's not a 100 % but he goes to high school and all the normal things . 
  they do n't want to be spanish and the border checks wo n't help . 
  not the fastest growth as a percentage of the past population . 
  i wounder if ukraine joined the eu would that change much ? 
  will this raise or lower the number of muslim women getting higher level education ? 
  he is really liberal with the word treason . 
  while i am shocked [ 20 % ] ( http://www.ppic.org/main/publication_show.asp?i=817 ) is n't to far off what i expected , i do n't know much about gibraltar but my government already offers you the ability to have you ' r trial in irish as well as all documents and given how seldom such services are useful and potentiality unhelpful in court some of that money could go to helping the immigrants . 
  i get that immigrants tend to clump but if the number who can not speak the native language after 5 years is more than 15-10 % i would be shocked , there are only so many jobs where you can only speak turkish or what ever after all and the hole `` no english '' thing is a bit of a con . 
  i never really got the argument `` they must learn the language `` of course they will learn to speak it at the very minimum if they live there . 
  i know it 's not my country bu, 
  i see the chinese century of humiliation is more the fault of the emperors keeping their heads in the sand . 
  border delays ? 
  what are we one of the shit continents . 
  no you can tell the strength of the tea better without milk . 
  well trade and jobs . 
  haha damn . 
  the proksy makers #sheeple, 
  well that lone was nice . 
  sound bearded men too . 
  this weekend no but in general . 
  why ca n't we just all get along . 
  is it just catholics hating protestants ? 
  why do n't both sides just get a fucking grip . 
  that would be a cool event if there was n't so much hatred . 
  it makes me sad that this shit still goes on . 
  because banning worked for drugs . 
  ^ fucken ^ government . 
  it 's coming the day ireland is not mentioned with greece . 
  but we are not talking about the foreseeable future 50 years in the future is way ahead in terms of tech . 
  well they arten 'n being replased and that will only get worst . 
  their 700 million europeans the immagrants will never be a majority . 
  the japanese have n't had any luck in increasing birth rates so i say let all the immigrants in steal the educated indians cheap doctors ftw . 
  no when tceh has saved you for the past 200 years and is speeding up it is unreasonable to suggest it will fail plus i live in europe who do you think will make the most $ off higher sea levels ? 
  thats right the dutch who i live next to while poor cities are washed away european cities will push the sea back . 
  i drank more than you * drinks * and you know it . 
  i feel you are ignoring the distinct possibility that the weather will be controlled . 
  the eus population is getting old yes oil prices are the price of food but an alternative will be in place plus for nato with missile defense and nukes as well as needing to lose a few pounds , we will be find and so will you convict bastards , you know your lot have the most uranium even more than russia . 
  it 's not real people have thought it was 50 years away for the past 200 years . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thomas_robert_malthus#an_essay_on_the_principle_of_population the eu produces less food than it could cap food mountains and not using gmos . 
  the us can still lean on the individual nations where the servers are . 
  and british , french , japanese , russian and possibly german . 
  the horse meat scandal really put a dent in the food argument . 
  people though that trade would make war impossible as well before ww1 , but mad is different because there is no win option and if you as the president give the order to launch you and your family will die with the rest of us not just faceless soldiers . 
  well i think so . 
  i think mad is far more important than international trade for peace . 
  ha fuck you canada . 
  lets remember even a small advanced country israel for example can make enough nukes to destroy the us and until that is no longer the case big countries will never go to war directly . 
  i think that a lot of the former commie countries are right wing . 
  i do n't remember . 
  the cunts on about minimum price on alcohol . 
  [ soon . 
  ] ( http://www.blindfiveyearold.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/01/soon-white-cat-green-parrot.png ), 
  i know if you get a job there the pay is much better . 
  i love how the nile looks in these photos . 
  welcome aboard , by the way do you have any change ? 
  reasonable goals ftw . 
  its a reminder not to cum inside . 
  when the irish government brings up apple they say how many people apple employees in ireland not how much tax they do n't pay , all ireland cares about at the moment is jobs and that if the us government kills the scheme we got going apple ( and the other big us companies ) will leave bringing those jobs some where else doing huge damage to the economy . 
  i was taking to a paramedic from england and apparently the number of stolen ambulance is on the rise , the keys were left in the sun-glass holder who would steal an ambulance being their logic . 
  smart move having it in the country side . 
  where we all speak english . 
  if you get cpr training they tell you to shout 999 rather than 911 it 's actually difficult not to say 911 . 
  what you said is true that a fta with the us would be best but as you can see it 's difficult to get a deal with the us because of internal matters never mind the actual negotiations , and the eu already has a deal with south korea and are trying to get ftas with lots of other countries including japan . 
  india will be the most powerful country in the world some day and it 's a democracy unlike china , i 'm all for close relations with india . 
  lets sell them some fancy jets . 
  the deal is between the eu and the us not induvidual nations . 
  the difference between california and alabama is no where near the difference between sweden and latvia in terms of income . 
  nukes did keep the cold war allot less horrible than it could have been , if the letters of last resort could be read then we would for sure . 
  but [ according ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:urbanisation-degree.png ) to this then most people in witch ever nation especially the people giving and carrying out the order would die unlike all previous wars it 's just 1000s of faceless soldiers . 
  i think peace has less to do with trade and more to do with the treat of nuclear warfare . 
  there is no way ireland and i suspect any other eu country will chase out a valuable employer plus wait until it comes out weather the eu knew about this or not , i bet they were on board to some degree or another . 
  i think popular vote should be the standard way to enter a new level of union , i want a federal union i do n't mind if it 's much slower . 
  it is sad that most european countries do n't get to vote on the treaties . 
  how are the problems with massive unions dealt with in a company that is owned by a union , specifically the no one gets fired problem ? 
  also how are things in greece ? 
  and what 's the weed like in greece ? 
  it 's low quality and 25 euro for around 1.4 grams in ireland .
