the odds for immigrant x are probably very good the long term odds for the smugglers most be good to as some one must take the boat over . 
  elder scrolls 6 looks awesome, 
  you know ... to each his own . 
  well of late your pr has been shit . 
  has this worked some where ? 
  is there any way to increase the birth rate of a country without letting in immigrants ? 
  well if there is someone/thing in your way then fuck are you lads loud , but other wise na you 're fine . 
  do you think that russia could break up ? 
  the limited dream of a reasonable standard of living will come true for most of them they will get a job that pays cash or get checks cashed in a pub and do all right for themselves mostly . 
  china be scary . 
  no how public our leader is depends largely him the most recent one does fuck all public addresses and so on . 
  it depends on the address by the us president . 
  cake and so on . 
  forgive my spelling on phone we will need to let in a vast number of immigrants unless a rich nation finds a way of uping birth rates witch as yet has not happend otherwise we will face japan 's fate . 
  we have a massivly diffirent europe than 40 years ago , europe will be very diffirent in 40 regardless . 
  it 's as fuckin close as you can get in peace time . 
  did you read the article at all `` a clear majority ( 65 % ) think sweden should take in just as many or as many as now , '' the survey concluded . '', 
  or maybe there is a middle ground like every nation takes in say 5 % of their current population or whatever legally dependent on economic growth they will get here regardless of anything we do , and also no one wants to pay for that security . 
  i doubt that the eu would crumble under an open borders policy, 
  sorry i was looking for your nationality as my nationality has a bias attached to it , but fuck dude they only want what we got by accident of birth . 
  that season final right . 
  you could find yourself in their place one day . 
  what would aang do ? 
  there is no way that this can be stopped in the short to mid term look at the us and canada the differences between the average south american nation and the us/canada is less than the differences between the eu and africa no one can stop the boats from africa it will take to much money from italy and spain and no one really cares . 
  what would the cost of that be ? 
  can the cost reasonably be made so high that someone in africa would not move to dublin or the ruhr if given chance ? 
  ya given that the south is weaker than the north it should be more of a eu thing but really could any amount of money stop immigrants the us has a hard time with their southern border witch is smaller . 
  that russia 's gdp is more or less the same as italy 's is scary but worse is the growth rate of russia fucking awful for a nation that poor . 
  the russian carrots are nothing compared to the carrots the eu is offering . 
  russia does want a bunch of that land they lost back and the yanks just want to do business . 
  well most eu citizens are pro ftas one of the most important and popular parts of the eu is the common market and the eu has bean making free trade agreements for years with shit loads of countries . 
  get some abrams [ +8 badass ], 
  no but we are on the high end of usage . 
   need to assimilate . 
  and making laws against muslims will help that . 
  given the popularity of the hoodie the stopping people hiding there identity argument does not make sense that is what most robbers are wearing when they rob places . 
  can we not hold ourselves to a higher standard than that . 
  wild guess here , assault is more illegal . 
  so they ca n't rob a shop or shit ? 
  like the fucking hoodie is the most popular kind of jacket the law is discriminatory . 
  damn so close to being in the top ten . 
  i bet the lad who got his facial hair is pleased . 
  lets not give them too many wins . 
  like his nation . 
  any particular piece ? 
  the soviets a great bunch of lads . 
  or the russians they have/had a much more stable control over a large portion of the land controlled by the genghis kane . 
  i meant in general . 
  no one seems to bring that up israel has like 50 nukes they do n't really need any one for life or death of the country defense . 
  it 's just nuclear politics there will probably be much more of this in the future . 
  the person called erasmus was a cool guy he was for religious tolerance and translating the bible in to vernacular language . 
  my main concerns with turkey joining the eu i do n't think turkey is democratic enough yet , i do n't know how the turkish economy is going and it puts eu in the middle east and i would wonder if that would be great for the middle east or set the place more on fire . 
  fuck / r/worldnews it 's just not true . 
  how far would you take such laws on muslim clothing or would you go a different road ? 
  and what would your ideal end game be ? 
  there are muslims born inside the eu in witch case the immigration laws have no effect on them . 
  so it 's illegal to be rude now . 
  have you never seen the youths in their hoodies no way can you see their faces and that 's all over europe . 
  you will be deported across the rhine by catapult . 
  there are lots of muslims that were born in the uk and the rest of western europe it is a ( small ) part of our cultures now and making rules that infringe on their beliefs will only make integration harder . 
  would france and the rest of us not like to be held to a higher stander than sa . 
  it is close to a goal that can never reach like any measurement is not the true value . 
  just so you know eritrea is the only nation that ranks below north korea in terms of freedom according to reporters with out borders . 
  the old style lamps are better in my experience . 
  he also gave all power to the state and that went well . 
  why do n't we just pick the most isolated piece of the sahara or northern scandinavia and just toss it all there ? 
  what is that kind of sport is that called a friend showed me a similar thing but i forgot the name ? 
  cool never saw that side of serbia , what 's the food like ? 
  ireland is wrong . 
  you better wear headphones if you 're here . 
  i think there are black people every where . 
  there are some letting you down . 
  didnt you ever hear of averages . 
  where do you stop then ? 
  because german was never the lingua franca and french was . 
   n\u00edl fhios agam thank fuck for google translate . 
  it would increase the cost . 
  and half of ireland can speak irish . 
  this is better for us that way if the chinese block gps galileo would still work . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.google.ie/maps/place/belgo/@53.8758352,91.9095486,3z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x5ee84860b29e1e5f:0x5df58d6635941d4d ) place ? 
  what eastern russia like ? 
  will that fuck us over ? 
  in hindsight it would have been better to keep a few of the nukes . 
  belgium & # 3232 ; _ & # 3232 ; get your own [ team . 
  ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/d/double-irish-with-a-dutch-sandwich.asp ), 
  i was thinking of that strike in france a while back and the recent almost strike by at dublin airport . 
  unions are very necessary but they do have down sides is all . 
  unions have societal down sides to airport strikes for instance . 
  you can not see the future in ten years the russians might be poised for an invasion of poland and missile defence is hard and the russian still have loads of missiles . 
  while we 're on the subject of food france what is it with cheese ? 
  best thing about the atom bombs was the red army never got to japanese cities . 
  so much of ww2 is about the last bridge over x river . 
  well his country got it far worse and whatever you say about germany they are sorry for their crimes witch it more than the vast majority of countries can say . 
  ya lets have a fucking war . 
  not our business . 
  he is right we will only know if it worked until the situation is worked out one way or another . 
  ireland in ireland when banks are getting money in/out the army is there with assault rifles just standing around in twos it 's weird . 
  there used to be an army base in one of the towns near me that had a decommissioned tank inside the entrance , and twice i was on a school trip when i was 6/7 and 11/12 ish to the place and we got to hold guns and all . 
  there is/was barb wire on the outer wall . 
  you would see the army at recruitment shit for colleges and the like .
