  some socialist ideas are easy to sell state owned companies is one that is more difficult to sell . 
  racism and a poor economy go hand in hand . 
  how did they get data for north korea ? 
  o we milked the shit out of that program . 
  damn i ca n't wait till we do n't have to hang out with greece he smells of fascism . 
  congerts , some ones getting some new smooth roads . 
  a dispute has to be staled in an new international court is an american court going to be fair to ireland when it comes to tax . 
  twitter is important remember the story when ap 's twitter was hacked and there was a mini crash . 
  well shit , sorry . 
  i should read thing thoroughly and make sure of it 's meaning before [ speaking . 
  ] ( http://i645.photobucket.com/albums/uu180/byacolate/tobuscus%20gifs/oops.gif ), 
  the poor working conditions of 150 years ago have gotten so much better . 
  when there is a famine in a poor part of the world free food is given lots of aid is given we do n't demand all the food they have at gun point , at some point all countries will be developed and capitalism in developed countries is dam good , you can go where you want you are guaranteed fantastic health care in the eu any way . 
  at some point some thing will come along and replace capitalism but not communism it failed and dragged millions with it . 
  blocking off all the entrances is not peaceful , their not a union who can do that . 
  marks died before the welfare state . 
  if people wanted something other than capitalism they would vote for it . 
  o get off it 150 years ago the variant of capitalism that was dominant was ridiculously brutal no where in the world is it as bad as it was in the congo under leopold . 
  this is going to be fun . 
  let make some money . 
  it was cold !!!, 
  it 's not the abuse that makes people mad if the church found out that there was a pervert working for them in a school and fired him and told the police there would be no stain on the church , but they covered it up for years all over the world . 
  of course they have done what they did in south africa the us and ireland in poland , and most likely are still doing in large parts of the world . 
  [ we appear to be a tax haven . 
  ] ( http://i84.photobucket.com/albums/k30/tristanzr105/austin-powers-4-more-about-dr-evil.jpg ), 
  how bad is it really ? 
  well at least your not road kill . 
  let them all in , no country has managed to rig it 's birth rate so the only way to increase the population of europe is to let immigrants in from around the world , we all ready produce less food that we can [ gmos as well as cap ] also i want african takeaways as well as asian takeaways . 
  turlough boys name , i have never met some else with it . 
  `` due to their primitive culture and barbaric religion . '', 
  that bit . 
  it really annoys me when people want the culture to stay the same let it be what it will become what ever that is . 
  do n't leave us again england ^ weloveyou . 
  i am not looking forward to the g8 . 
  good on you greece [ it , s all gon na work out . 
  ] ( http://api.ning.com/files/ecapei07gtpkt7xlnu3onv2v8alcf9377h2s8gveps85je1tuwtg2zrxzhvdo08-divai1ujccbwf8dwdzbjv1md8p9qbmf0/1345119300816.gif ), 
  it 's pretty fucking silly when argentina takes about militarization of the south atlantic . 
  hopefully when sex robots are made you can just put in your search history and the they give you the perfect robot . 
  except when the cheap labour in china [ runs out ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/21549956 ) , cheap manufacturing will go to ever part of the world and what happened south korea will happen to them all . 
  shur come on in . 
  but the government gets the money off the land and tourism . 
  ya but the parliament has all the power in bout countries just take the money you get from the queen . 
  [ not by half . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coalition_casualties_in_afghanistan ), 
  yes the americans really want their best allie to give up nukes . 
  it 'd be good to have them with us . 
  the soviet union was far stronger in europe than any outer power , at the time the us was still fighting japan and you have to assume that there was going to be a invasion of the home islands witch the russians were to play a major part in . 
  the irish government was a cunt in a lot of ways . 
  these kinds of bills do nothing . 
  the us did n't stop the mexicans . 
  why would they go back the education system is vary good here [ this ] ( http://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/number-of-foreign-nationals-living-in-ireland-up-30-in-last-five-years-569329.html ) says they have stayed . 
  no but poles and brits are most of the immigrants . 
  well i do n't know what it 's like in the uk but here 25 % of the children that were born in ireland were born to foreign nationals witch probably means lots are staying . 
  no if they come when they are 20 and up they can work strait away and they have more children . 
  yes but i do n't want to be in the situation japan is in now the more people the better , plus hot foreign women . 
  come on europe is the greying continent we need people . 
  [ new markets ? 
  ] ( http://24.media.tumblr.com/3560f288dbc673f1f89af5189254120c/tumblr_mihkx0tcjo1rvbmclo1_400.gif ), 
  bad serbia , no eu moneys for you !!, 
  be between two large powers . 
  it 'd be funny if it was n't so sad . 
  why do n't you just join nato ? 
  did/do you live there ? 
  i have n't we do n't have any equivalent fox or nbc but the daily mail is shit and joe duffy make 's me want to burn out my ears . 
  the irish and british media seem just as bad as your media in those terms . 
  you 'll get your money . 
  bad germany bad !, 
  if you love gold it is . 
  well that 's the end of discussion . 
  get rid of him/her . 
  no i want politics in here to be about something outer than the economy , and to get drunk/high and complain at the anti-gay side when i watch the debate . 
  it would be interesting to see what the brake down of goods is in the black market . 
  and i cant wait oh it will be so good . 
  the government has no use for people with out jobs they are a strain on the economy , if they go abode and get a job there the nation they come from will have less to pay in welfare and the increase wealth in the destination nation will import more from the immigrant 's nation as their job will increase the gdp of the destination nation . 
  well it 's not popular ( austerity ) but we have met all our targets , the property market seems to be at bottom and are starting to rise in south dublin ( posh side ) . 
  why do you have bad rode 's ? 
  soon . 
  russia what happend last time you supported serbia . 
  every nation should have voted on the treaties . 
  this is impossible . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_famine_ ( ireland ) #food _ exports, 
  well i never , get your shit together russia . 
  except for all the war 's with the uk :( except the last one . 
  no the ships full of food leaving ireland under armed guard and the not sending food to ireland that is our problem . 
  you gave us broken machine worked great for short time then bang is broken no refund . 
  in ireland we have infinite potato machine . 
  ya it 's sounds mean but i was n't trying to be mean i had no clue estonia had immigrants . 
  who immigrants to estonian ? 
  hi where do you find this ? 
  i meant the inter shipping port . 
  do the dutch not do a similar job with rotterdam . 
  does this trade agreement over rule safety standers no . 
  the eu is a semi nation and will tend to favour it 's interests over the usa 's interests . 
  what ever this court is a large part of it 's job will be multi-national companies suing other multi-national companies, 
  do they sell mangers ? 
  the balkans are starting to join the eu . 
  is there not lot 's of us beer in hotels/the high end super markets ? 
  city of bones . 
  i get to vote , is there some new rule that the uk government cant just pass the next treaty like the last one and it has to be passed by popular vote . 
  never going to happen , what is the eu going to do when a county needs help smash it 's economy .
