  not so rare . 
  i 'm another one . 
  and there are millions of us . 
  literally . 
  we do n't fly our flags in front of every camera we see in the streets and we do n't appear cheering in the front cover of every newspaper covering the demonstrations but that does n't mean we do n't exist . 
  do n't fall in the trap of reducing it to spaniards vs catalans . 
  this is firstly catalans who want independence vs catalans who do n't . 
  and both parts exist in great numbers . 
  i 'd say ... 1 . 
  football 2 . 
  basketball 3 . 
  tennis / cycling / formula 1 -  hard to choose . 
  but yeah , football is * by far * the number one sport here and everything else combined is still behind it . 
  in fact , `` matamoros '' is also a surname in spain . 
  the correct translation would be `` moor slayer '' , not `` kill the muslims '' . 
  but yep , it 's weird if you think about it , so we prefer not to think about it . 
  a seven centuries long reconquista sure left some awkward etymology stuff behind . 
  there 's a lot of andorrans studying in barcelona . 
  well , technically there is n't * a lot * of andorrans anywhere , but you get the point . 
  i had several andorran classmates back in the day . 
  god , they knew how to drink !, 
  it 's all about perspective . 
  from a western europe point of view , there 's much to improve yet . 
  of course , if you compare spain with sierra leone , we 're living the dream , but that 's not the point . 
  our economic nightmare started when we won the 2008 european championship and kept getting worse as we won the 2010 world cup and the 2012 european championship again . 
  fortunately for us , we were eliminated from the 2014 world cup at the group stage and now the results are showing . 
  for the 2016 euro , we should send the youth team . 
  or a squad composed of unemployed citizens . 
  you know , two birds with one stone . 
  a friend of mine did it some years ago , alone , on foot , from barcelona ( around 1,000 km ) . 
  he is not a religious person at all . 
  many people do it just as a personal experience . 
  several weeks walking may not be the most common way to spend your vacation , but hey , maybe you 'll find * something * along the way . 
  obvious natural borders ? 
  you 've chosen the wrong continent , my friend . 
  highly unlikely . 
  nationalist tensions and social unrest exist , but a civil war is a science-fiction scenario for the time being . 
  who would be fighting who ? 
  nope , sorry . 
  simple maths . 
  you ca n't proceed with 47 % of support . 
  sorry to crush yours . 
  maybe you 'll find interesting to know that less than 50 % of catalans have voted today for independence . 
  or , you know , you can omit that incidental and unimportant fact in favor of your braveheart-esque and super cool narrative . 
  if you still count russia and china as non capitalist countries , you 're one century behind history . 
  yes , he said that . 
  and erc agrees . 
  cup , on the other hand , has stated that they will only support a secession with at least 55 % of support . 
  and mas will likely need cup 's votes to be president . 
  anyway , any independentist movement needs at least 51 % of support to achieve its goals . 
  without it , the whole project fails , regardless of the number of seats they have in the parliament . 
  you simply can not go the eu and ask them to recognize you as an independent state while more than half of your population does n't want independence . 
  today 's rally is basically a pr thing . 
  the real decisive day is september 27 , when we have elections . 
  the pro-independence parties right now have somewhere around 44 % of support according to the last published polls , but because of how votes translate into seats in the parliament , it is possible that they obtain an absolute majority in the parliament while getting less than 50 % of the voters support . 
  this scenario is actually very likely to happen and nobody really knows what comes next . 
   this can only cost money for the local administration because is going against the use of private property and is likely to be repealed in court from the article itself : ` in 2013 , the catalan city of terrassa set a precedent in spain when it handed down fines of $ 5,000 apiece on three banks over empty properties . 
  ** the city 's right to do so was backed by a court in july ** , which threw out a legal appeal launched by the spanish banking conglomerate bankia . ', 
   it show how stupid ada colau is since she come from the platform against evictions , guess what happens if the banks sell the houses ? 
  yes the price drops , guess what happens to the people that get evicted ? 
  since the price of their homes goes down their remaining debt whit the bank becomes bigger making them even more miserable , this decision made by ada colau goes against their interest the council also plans to stop working with banks that evict families . 
  evict families -  lose the barcelona administration as a client . 
  let the banks decide what do they prefer . 
  til we have a longstanding rivalry with denmark in sailing . 
  if you just pick the worst periods , every country 's history is pretty embarrassing . 
  the word `` suburb '' has different connotations depending on what country you are from . 
  in the us ( and other english speaking countries ) , it 's used simply to describe residential areas on the outskirts . 
  in other languages , it has a negative connotation , and is usually used to describe only the poor neighborhoods on the outskirts , but not the affluent ones . 
  and when a law can be used in a retarded way so easily , * maybe * there 's something retarded about it . 
  good climate , healthy food and a solid healthcare system ( not so solid here since 2008 , to be honest ) . 
  ah , useless airports . 
  we know a thing or two about those here . 
  look , i think i gave you a pretty reasonable explanation on why i only mentioned the first 4 spots in the table . 
  if now you think the number on entries should be the the key factor , well , even more reason for me to do so : any of the 4 countries i mentioned triples portugal 's entries . 
  happy now or are you still pissed because someone in the internet did n't mention your country ? 
  because the whole table covers almost 30 countries , so i just copied the first 4 positions , which included the three countries mentioned in the post i was replying to ( spain , italy and greece ) . 
  w3lcome_home made a statement regarding the quality of greek , italian and spanish olive oil and i replied with data regarding those specific countries . 
  if i had to mention all the other countries in the table , i would have mentioned croatia , uruguay , egypt , japan and morocco before portugal , as they have a better rate . 
  anyway , the whole table is in linked in my post . 
  everyone can read it and make their own conclusions . 
  http://www.bestoliveoils.com/statistics/ best olive oils 2015 statistics from the new york international olive oil competition : country of origin rate of success spain 54 % italy 43 % united states 40 % greece 21 %, 
  what , you thought op was saying 40 % of all the olive oil in the world was produced in the piece of land depicted within the photograph margins ? 
  in spain i would recommend rock fm . 
  i suppose the name is self-explanatory . 
  anything from the beatles to iron maiden . 
  seriously , people . 
  stop bringing back the civil war spectre anytime we speak about politics in spain . 
  it 's an easy cliche . 
  yes , we have a right and we have a left and the right and the left are usually on bad terms . 
  like in any other democracy in the world , perhaps ? 
  thank you for your concern , but we are not going to have another civil war anytime soon . 
  it 's like crying `` world war iii '' anytime germany and france disagree on something . 
  yes , because the eu can open and operate refugee centers in any state in the world , and those governments have nothing to say about it . 
  yep . 
  i can read a portuguese newspaper and understand like 90 % of the text . 
  but a spoken conversation ? 
  well , that 's another story ... 
  it 's fascinating how much pronunciation has changed between close roman languages while maintaining a very identifiable grammar structure . 
  in fact , every region in spain is an autonomous region . 
  nah , i think in terms of wars and rebellions we 've been pretty average by european standards .
