  ` european standards ' meaning ` game of thrones level shit everywhere until 1945 ' . 
  of course there were fights . 
  but , again , that 's entirely different from `` they killed the local population '' , which is on another level entirely . 
  the romans conquered all the mediterranean basin , and there were fights . 
  that does n't mean that they `` killed the population '' . 
  the arabs conquered the iberian peninsula , and there were fights . 
  that does n't mean that they `` killed the population '' . 
  the difference is important . 
  oh , totally agree about that . 
  i was just replying to / u/marslumograph 's statement about killing the population , which was simply untrue . 
  that 's all . 
  yes , i knew that . 
  any source on killing the local population ? 
  there 's a slight difference between conquering the land and killing the population . 
  in fact , ( from your source ) :  gadifer would invade lanzarote and fuerteventura with ease since many of the aboriginals , faced with issues of starvation and poor agriculture , would surrender to spanish rule . 
   after the spanish conquest of the canaries , they were ethnically and culturally absorbed by spanish settlers , although elements of their culture survive to this day . 
  it seems to me someone made an uninformed statement . 
  source ? 
  we do n't know yet . 
  and even if he did , it 's probably unprosecutable because those dealings took place during the 90 's . 
  but that 's not the point . 
  it 's not criminal liability he 's been forced to resign for , but political accountability and blatantly lying . 
  the spanish one is [ ronda ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ronda ) . 
  fortunately , we all are happy interconnected members of the eu now , with our laws and trade agreemends and all that stuff , because wars have been waged for less than that . 
   i would love to live in something like a basque reservation where the only people there were basques  now i 'm going to be downvoted of course you are . 
  with reason . 
  i think you are correct . 
  i do n't have any data to support this , but i 've visted galicia a few times and it seems to me that the rural zones there have lots of tiny towns instead of a few medium-sized towns , thus multiplying the total amount of named places . 
  by the time spain was an imperialist and expansionist country , portugal was pretty powerful , too . 
  basically , our military peaks were contemporary . 
  and later we became buddies . 
  people usually think spain is a deeply religious country mainly because : 1 . 
  we * were * a deeply religious contry . 
  in the past . 
  our folklore and festivities are based on religious traditions ( but for a lot of people they 're just that : traditions ) . 
  the monty python 's spanish inquisition sketch . 
  really !, 
  he really has 0 decision power . 
  i mean , yes , he 's the one who appoints a candidate to form a government , but it 's not like he chooses anything personally . 
  he simply appoints the candidate with more seats in the parliament . 
  if this candidate fails to form a government , then the king appoints the second most voted candidate , etc. 
  it 's an automated process in which the king simply does what it 's expected . 
  edit : in today 's politics , the king is basically a glorified ambassador ; he has 0 power in terms of internal affairs , his real job is to contribute to maintain healthy relations with other nations/international organizations . 
  in all seriousness , this is a great opportunity . 
  to be able to choose the name of your country ? 
  this is not a ` once in a lifetime ' opportunity , but a ` once in a millennium ' opportunity !, 
  they can name the country the awesome republic of macedonia if they like it . 
  or even better , the macedonian republic of awesomeness . 
   30c is too hot to go outside lol . 
  probably stupid question : in that particular case , ca n't you just stop paying those taxes and have the property seized ? 
  i think it has a lot to do with the perception of the many religious festivities and folklore that we have . 
  if you are a foreigner in spain during the holy week and see the processions , it 's easy to conclude that a high percentage of the population is deeply religious . 
  the reality is that many of the participants are just culturally christians and for them , the festivities are just a cultural tradition not necessarily rooted in deep religious faith . 
  nah , it 's corruption when greece does it . 
  when germany does it , it 's just ` the way things work ' . 
  in that case , i propose that in the next general elections only the aragonese vote . 
  faster , cheaper and the results will be the same . 
  also , if you do n't like the outcome , you know who to blame . 
  just to clarify : does it mean that in the general elections the party that wins in aragon also wins nationwide or that the party that wins the aragonese regional elections also wins the next general elections ? 
  either way , it 's an interesting fact . 
  i think it is . 
  what you said , i mean . 
  let me explain . 
  you ( and many people ) seem to think that a referendum is the epitome of democracy . 
  it is n't . 
  a referendum , in many cases , represents the failure of a democracy . 
  because the spirit of true democracy is not ` let 's vote and if we win by 51 % , we get it all and fuck the other half ' . 
  that 's a narrow and sad version of a democracy . 
  the spirit of a democracy should be ` let 's vote and then let 's talk and see if we can find some common ground . ', 
  the current spanish government , you 're right about that , is not interested in finding any common ground ( removing rajoy from office asap is a must ) . 
  but , sadly , neither is the current catalan government . 
  your magical solution to this situation is a referendum , and maybe in the end that is what will happen . 
  if things come to this , so be it . 
  but if you think that half of a country ( whichever half it is ) imposing their will against the other half is an optimal democratic solution , i have to disagree . 
  and i know i 'm in the minority right now , but i refuse admit that we ca n't eventually sort things out in a way that prevents that half of my countrymen feel defeated by the other half . 
   or you could act like some sort of pseudo-dictator nation which has no place in modern western civilisation . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  until yesterday , every independentist leader kept saying that any vote that did n't go to jxs\u00ed or cup was a vote against independence . 
  then we vote , they find themselves under the 50 % mark and suddenly the concept of `` neutral votes '' appear out of the blue . 
  they are free to fool themselves , of course , but they wo n't fool anyone else . 
  you can tell the one in the back is the cool one because he has his elbow on the side of the window and flies with one hand . 
  they are xbox achievements , mostly . 
  stop . 
  you had me at ` ferret ' . 
   did n't he already try something in 2000 and failed though ? 
  he was ` politely invited to resign ' by the * barones * ( chaves , bono and rodr\u00edguez ibarra , back then ) . 
  just like pedro s\u00e1nchez today . 
  despite the differences , in essence it 's the same scenario : the * barones * getting rid of a secretary-general that had the support of the party members but was not liked by the party 's leading elite . 
  since felipe 's days , it 's the regional * barones * , not the secretary-general , who hold the real power in the psoe . 
  also , the concept of ` royal family ' and its privileges is quite limited in european monarchies and applies only to the monarchs and their immediate family . 
  we do n't have a fucking myriad of princes and princesses . 
  but . . but . . we do n't hate you at all ... 
  in fact , i 'd say italy is one of our most beloved countries . 
  except in football , that is . 
  fuck you in football . 
  according to my dictionary , ` ganivet ' indeed derives from the franconian ` knif ' , so yeah , germanic origin , most probably from our visigoth friends . 
  there 's actually an equivalent word in spanish ( ` ga\u00f1ivete ' ) which means ` small knife ' , but it 's in disuse and on its way to be considered an archaism . 
   an investigation by the judicial police of porto allowed the release of six slaves and the arrest of a couple and their son , who used violence and exhibited weapons to keep them in captivity . 
  three days ago a spanish guardia civil team , following instructions by the judicial police , released the victims and arrested the couple , 46 and 41 year-old from mogadouro , and their 18 year-old son , for human trafficking , exploitation of labor , kidnapping and slavery . 
  you may be joking , but that is actually becoming a concerning issue here .
