nato ** and ** the eu . 
  if a russian ship enters portugese waters , every european citizen should be concerned because , yeah , those are european waters too . 
  to be fair , europe is hardly a geographical entity by itself . 
  sure , it can be defined more or less as the part of eurasia west of the urals , but what really defines europe is its shared history and culture ( and centuries of massacres , invasions , wars and mutual hate , lol ) , not its geographical boundaries ( which are pretty much nonexistent with asia ) . 
  portugal is like our cute little brother . 
  we like to pester him from time to time , but in the end we are secretly super proud of him . 
  he 's better than us in many things and do n't you dare fuck with our brother . 
  what really scares me is to pp and psoe to remain in power . 
  i 've voted to one of those parties in the past . 
  now i really believe that those two parties must be removed from any relevant position of power asap . 
  they are the cancer that is consuming this country , as simple as that . 
  do i agree with everything podemos is proposing ? 
  but for now they are the only real alternative to pp+psoe with an actual chance to win . 
  the situation is so dramatic that , for the time being , that is all that matters to me . 
  when pp and psoe are removed from power and the parliamentary and judicial system are disinfested , then maybe i will get the chance to vote for some party that fulfills my criteria . 
  until then , my vote will serve one purpose and one purpose only . 
  can confirm , he 's reddit . 
  i 'm internet . 
  catalan here . 
  i upvoted . 
  2000 $ / month is not that mad in spain . 
  it is a good salary , but not that rare , frankly . 
  many qualified professionals make that and more . 
  the real problem here are the entry level salaries that are being offered to young job applicants , even if they have a college degree . 
  and the actual lack of jobs , of course . 
  we 're now offering less money for entry level jobs than we did 10 years ago , so the gap between those two groups is getting wider . 
  yeah , it sucks . 
  in spain , after 40 years of francoist dictatorship , democracy finally arrived in the late 70 's . 
  francoist spain was a national-catholicist state and homosexuality was a taboo subject ( sex in general was , in fact , a taboo subject ) . 
  the transition to democracy rapidly ushered in a general atmosphere of sexual liberation which included homosexuality and gay visibility . 
  i think that 's a key factor in how is now perceived homosexuality in spain : it was part of a much larger explosion of freedom which radically changed society in many aspects . 
  so , in other words : difficult ftfy, 
   this , hiding behind an impossible `` change of the constitution '' is one of the excuses that the unionists use . 
  because you know it 's impossible to change , you all think you 'll be safe behind that ( from another comment ) : hiding ? 
  i 'm not hiding at all . 
  not only i do n't consider impossible to change the constitution , my vote in the forthcoming elections will be used in that direction . 
   would you support the route of pushing for constitutional reform to later allow for a legal referendum ? 
  yes , absolutely . 
   why do n't they do that anyway , surely they would have the support of galicia and pais vasco etc. ? 
  because , while it 's true mariano rajoy is not david cameron , it 's equally true that artur mas and the catalan independentist politicians are not alex salmond . 
  they 're trying to rush for a unilateral referendum as soon as possible because they know that the economic crisis favours their agenda . 
  simple as that . 
  non independentist catalan here . 
  i would happily vote in a * legal * referendum . 
  not in this one . 
  i wo n't `` boycott '' it , i just wo n't vote . 
  yes , since 2013 . 
  if you look back just a few years , you 'll realise that the separatist movement has gained a lot of support recently because of the economic crisis and some idiotic decissions by the central government in madrid . 
  it 's undeniable that independence has gained momentum and that the independence supporters are a strong political movement that can not be ignored , but looking only at the last polls may result in an inaccurate estimation because many of those people may change their minds again if the circumstances vary or if the governments in barcelona and madrid start making some progress . 
  no , that 's not what i said , so please do n't twist my words . 
  let 's say we celebrate a referendum . 
  if the yes wins , it would be final . 
  independence . 
  one way road . 
  no return . 
  okay , fine . 
  now , let 's make things a little more balanced : if the no wins , let 's all agree to set aside the issue for a generation . 
  40 years or so . 
  one generation already had its chance and voted , so please do n't spend the next years trying again and again . 
  we have important things to do in the meantime . 
  the polls . 
  you 're assuming that the only people who would vote no is the % who openly declare themselves `` against '' independence . 
  in reality , there is a lot of people who simply do n't feel part of the process in either way . 
  look at next table , the one representing `` which kind of political entity should catalonia be with respect to spain '' . 
  in nearly a decade since 2005 , the option `` independent state '' has never reached 50 % . 
  there are ways and ways to interpret data . 
  feel free to interpret it however you feel right . 
  i would gladly vote in a referendum and i would fully accept its results . 
  if the `` yes '' wins , then i 'm in . 
  independent catalonia . 
  forever . 
  i 've asked that same question to some independentist friends ( good friends , by the way ) and they seem to understand the rules quite differently . 
  for them , if the `` yes '' wins , that 's final and catalonia is independent , but if the `` no '' wins , then it 's only a temporary set back . 
  wait 5 years and start again . 
  clever , huh ? 
  we 're both playing the same game but only one side has unlimited lives . 
  but of course , if asked if i prefer to celebrate a referendum * right now * , i 'm inclined to say no . 
  why ? 
  well , for the same reason the independentists are so eager to vote this year . 
  because we are in recession and , like it or not , the economic crisis is a key factor in the recent popularity of the separatist movement . 
  and they know it . 
  so if they want to vote when the circumstances favor their agenda , i propose to do it when the circumstances favor ours . 
  i agree to celebrate a referendum , but let 's do it in five years when the economy has recovered and everybody has a job . 
  deal ? 
   as for the polls , you can check a nice summary here : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalan_independence#studies_on_public_opinion there are some interesting tendencies over time . 
  basically , the independentist way gains more adepts when the economy goes to shit . 
  i 'm a proud catalan and i do n't want independence . 
  yeah , one of those `` not cool '' catalans . 
  for the last few years , the ratio of pro/anti independence people in catalonia has been about 50/50 ( at best ) . 
  please , explain to me again those `` overwhelming numbers '' . 
  yeah , to me portugal and italy without a doubt . 
  southern france too , and to a extent the mediterranean region in general . 
  i 've been to many places in europe and i fucking love this continent in all its diversity , but there 's definitely some kind of cultural understanding between southern europeans . 
  those roman legions sure did their job . 
  if you ever come to barcelona , you can totally go for a walk to la rambla . 
  it 's a nice walk from pla\u00e7a catalunya down to the old port . 
  it 's full of life and people . 
  maybe too crowded , but still . 
  but never , ever , ever , for fuck 's sake , please , never eat there . 
  there are tons of restaurants with nice terraces where they will serve you cheap fast-food dressed as typical cuisine and you will notice too late that the only people seated around you are tourists who made the same mistake .
