ah mako sharks are really cool . 
  i wish i 'd had chance to go out on the bay in a boat rather than steaming across it on the ferry home . 
  the english tend to have an unbalanced view of sporting rivalries because our natural rivals tend to be on a lower level across most sports due to more restricted finances and lower population bases ( although rugby is more balanced with the welsh and the irish ) so we assume we can piggyback onto rivalries with former enemies on the continent . 
  of the three most commonly cited ( germany , france , spain ) no one is really arsed about having a friendly rivalry with the english , and the germans and spanish have other fish to fry anyway with the dutch and portuguese . 
  yeah , they were pretty good around ten years ago . 
  [ ryan ten doeschate ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ryan_ten_doeschate ) is still very good . 
  haha , fair enough . 
  it 's been a while since they were semi-decent . 
  what 's the feeling about the dutch cricket team ? 
  they were reasonably good in the not so distant past . 
  richtag is true ? 
  does it also mean real ? 
   ( i would have thought the independent would have checked , but there you go ) ha , journalistic capability from the indy post avrutin . 
  that 'd be a fine thing . 
  well yes but that 's not as funny . 
  ahhh , you 're from french cornwall then . 
  who does n't want lightning hands ? 
  nah mate we 're a mess at the minute . 
  wait ten years until everyone 's seen what a colossally daft idea brexit 's been , the auld folks are all dead and we vote back in . 
   i think the idea of forcing everyone who uses english in european context to speak british english is ridicules well yes but we are a ridiculous people and sticklers for this sort of thing . 
  join us , brother , let that extra ` u ' enter your life . 
  that 's essentially the unspoken second half of the british `` great minds think alike ( but fools never differ ) '' . 
  very true . 
  i 've not been feeling very confident about my french but sod it , i 've just subbed to r/france . 
  mmm . 
  he 's down as 1.83 , and trump is apparently 1.91 . 
  trump does n't look that tall in [ photos ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-stat/graphics/local/inauguration/2017-01-20t175509z_213612117_ht1ed1k1drhbm_rtrmadp_3_usa-trump-inauguration.jpg ) , though . 
  obama 's 1.85 . 
  of course it 's vu . 
  i knew that . 
  i never seem to go far enough with sentence structure in french . 
  i 'm used to taking all manner of shortcuts in english because i 'm a native speaker but french seems a bit less flexible in that regard . 
  trump himself is pretty tall , and a quick search * claims * ( as with everything trump , yuuuuge pinch of salt needed ) trump is taller . 
  i ca n't imagine they 'll be too happy about his presence , given he 's already said he does n't want a climate lecture from prince charles and his tweets about kate middleton a few years ago . 
  ( is that any good ? 
  i 'd like to think i 'm getting better at my french . ), 
  edit : wait , no , that 's wrong . 
  voir is present tense and i was going for past tense ( ie seen ) . 
  i 'm one of the signatories for that , but i 've partially changed my mind . 
  let him come , and let him be humiliated by the queen . 
  it 'll be ace . 
  as an aside , we should all line the routes to his trips , and then hum slightly off-key wherever he goes . 
  haha the first one has what i would definitely describe as a europop flavour . 
  the playlist seems cool though . 
  i 'm cracking through it now , very relaxing . 
  i 've been slowly getting very into african music over the last couple of years , and it 's just delightful . 
  [ sekou kouyate - diagneba ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fsl8hbuped8 ) - this album is impossible to find anywhere for less than # 15 + pp , unfortunately [ fatoumata diawara - clandestin ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pixlhdmaemq ) - this song 's about young men leaving africa to go to europe and leaving big gaps behind in society anything off songhoy blues 's album is great , too . 
  the one that puts the biggest smile on my face though is [ sotho sound 's ha kele monateng ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=et3whwzddki ) , because they just seem to be having so much fun with it . 
   the welsh are incestuous pretty much anyone with any kind of rural community is considered incestuous , you could probably only consider urban regions as not carrying that connotation . 
  as does ` juggernaut ' . 
  if gibraltar counts , i 've been there . 
  for about half an hour , at the end of the work day , with loads of spanish workers streaming back over the border with cartons of cigarettes . 
  it was mildly bizarre , really . 
  i would definitely like to go to st helena . 
  there 's just something enticing about being that far away from anything else . 
  i had a quick scout . 
  seems it 's a bit rarer than in scotland , despite being the same latitude . 
  i wonder what the reason for that is ? 
  i think tromso would be interesting . 
  it 'll be more fun travelling through scandinavia to see them than the peak district and scotland . 
  edit : plus i thought aalborg was a bit further northwards than aberdeen , which is wrong . 
  my bad . 
  with any luck i 'll be accepted onto a masters course in denmark and i get to see things associated with that . 
  including the northern lights . 
  edit : turns out not the northern lights . 
  darn spherical planet . 
  i 'd like to name my first born kid aren stefan , because then his name is eagle king . 
  think i read on reddit somewhere that they did a pilot for peep show ( us ) which did n't use the pov format . 
   0,39 $ chocolate bars from the supermarket 's brand that tasted way better lidl chocolate is ace . 
  it 's not far or expensive on the euskatran to hendaye in france which would put op onto the sncf . 
  not sure about southward into spain , though . 
  think it 's got a few motorways nearby if op wants to hire a car though . 
  manchester does have the benefit of an international airport , though . 
  probably my favourite one of the lot , that . 
  huh , the cat never says smeg ? 
  interesting . 
  had a lithuanian housemate at university who got regular care packages from his parents . 
  black bread is ace . 
  had a lithuanian housemate at university who got regular care packages from his parents . 
  black bread is ace . 
  which country , so i know which stereotype from the daily mail i should fit you to ? 
  i 've got an aim to visit all 180 + but of course some of them might prove difficult, 
  what do you think of the liam neeson film about collins ? 
  i thought it was very compelling but i 'm not sure how historically accurate it is . 
  one time a mate wished me a happy birthday . 
  `` cheers mate , you too . 
  it 's quite possibly where i 'm remembering that from , haha, 
  am i right in thinking the soldier 's tale from the end of don quixote part 1 is based on his military time ? 
  it 's hard to judge noise from these kinds of videos , really , although it should n't be a shock that larger crowds are louder . 
  turkish fans are something else , though . 
  they do n't stop for the entire game . 
  he did lose his position but no one wanted to take over his mess so may gave it back . 
  i 'll have to remember that one , haha . 
  this is heresy . 
  you need a grill to make cheese on toast , like . 
  i saw one in the car park of a pub in york two years ago , looked like it was still in use . 
  oh i 'm not making a judgement either way , just why i think spain are like they are . 
  iirc the distinction for spain is that scotland would be democratically allowed to leave the uk under the terms of the union whereas catalonian independence would be a unilateral declaration of independence . 
  that 's one of the reasons why spain have n't recognised kosovo , i believe . 
   a man stopped for a selfie so a bull gored him to death what a fucking moron .
