is it not possible to feel both compassionate but not guilty ? 
  how about a new subreddit for the refugee crisis ? 
  let 's be honest , his reasoning is `` you ca n't complain germans , we have more non-whites '' . 
  even though it 's not racist to control immigration , i agree . 
  however , what is clearly racist is the implication of being `` as dumb as swedes '' . 
  this is quite blatantly ethnic prejudice against people of swedish origin , which is racism . 
  that 's not immigration for altruistic reasons though , that 's for economic benefit . 
  we 're clearly talking about refugees here . 
  did n't you say you hated racism in another comment ? 
  edit : this is nothing about immigration , this is about directly the comment above this one . 
  what 's india got to do with this ? 
  should n't britain 's largest group be english ? 
  which ones are n't scientific ? 
  i 'm talking about the model that australia uses , which is working . 
  i 'm not making arguments about anything else other than that . 
  the success of the australian model does not endorse the australian model ? 
  i 'm not entirely sure what you 're accusing me of . 
  it would seem to me that it 's quite a failing of france 's immigration policies to favour assimilation over integration . 
  australia has no problem with citizens identifying with another ethnicity , as long as they also identify as australian , which is what happens since we do n't expect people to give up their own culture but instead endorse biculturalism . 
  it 's more likely a cultural difference , since contemporary australian culture is more accepting of others and so integration of others has n't been as adversarial , especially with significant net immigration . 
  our policies on refugees arriving by boat without a visa should not be confused with our policies on the immigration of refugees or our immigration as a whole . 
  they are a few dozen thousand compared with many more humanitarian migrants and half a dozen million overall migrants . 
  why do you think we have an anglo-saxon model of immigration ? 
  i do n't think we have the same immigration policies as the united kingdom . 
  there just are n't suburbs in australia that nearly approach 50 % from a particular ethnicity , very rarely if at all would a particular ancestry exceed 25 % in a suburb other than english and australian . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean about migrants concentrating themselves and not speaking english though . 
  we just do n't really have those sorts of problems in the way that our social system is set up . 
  as for resentment against migrants from `` locals '' , it 's not a political or social issue at all and the people at large are more than happy with the status quo , especially in 2015 . 
  if this was 2005 , there may be some points of discontent which could still be dismissed to an extent , but certainly not today . 
  i would 've said that australia was the best at integrating migrants , but i do n't know how it works in canada . 
  what i have heard , and from centre to centre-left people in vancouver , is that in some areas many ethnically chinese migrants are far more insular and less integrated than most native born canadians . 
  is this true or is this largely exaggerated ? 
  what is the extent of racial profiling then ? 
  it would be very unusual to hear about racial profiling by police here , other than against aboriginals . 
  too bad `` camoufleurs '' did n't catch on . 
  in cash ? 
  when you introduce culture into that definition , as is widely accepted , that implicitly includes religion , particularly with nationalism which is inherent . 
  it 's not like there 's actually a `` i 'm not racist because islam is n't a race '' rule . 
   the word `` racist '' gets thrown around a lot , but muslims really are n't a race . 
  they do n't have to literally be a race for something to be racist though . 
  most racism that actually exists hardly conforms to the scientific definitions of racism . 
  i would n't call anybody racist without knowing what they 're saying or doing , but it depends what they consider a threat . 
  i 'm not saying it 's bad or not , because i do n't know denmark . 
  restricting people 's access to something because of their culture is racist though . 
  i do n't personally think it 's racist to restrict immigration , as long as it 's not restricted on parameters that would be racist such as race or ethnicity . 
  that said , a multicultural society is not necessarily a threat to danish culture . 
  it 's the implication that danish culture is under threat in denmark that is * considered * subtly racist . 
  edit : '' * considered * '' for anybody offended by the suggestion . 
  it 's really not their fault , at least here in australia . 
  the only real opportunities children have to learn a language they would actually be interested in learning are the languages of migrant parents ( which is many here but not all second generation australians speak a second language ) . 
  unless schools start getting children to choose between a variety of languages instead of giving them just one language to learn , there 's no reason why most australians should be expected to know any other language . 
  even if 50 % of students are willing to learn another language , a very small percent happens to be a language that interests them . 
  we would n't have to make pre-change currency the same value numerically as post-change currency though . 
  just like with most currencies during decimalisation , the new currency was merely a relative value of the old currency ( for australia , 10 new cents was worth the old 12 cents \u2020 ) . 
  no reason why the old 10 euro cents ca n't be worth 1 new euro cents once 10 cents become the smallest reasonable denomination . 
  otherwise , / u/dracony would be right in saying that natural and even small inflation would eventually keep making smaller denominations pointless . 
  we would n't want the smallest denomination of money to be fifty euros or anything . 
  \u2020 they were also both legal tender and valid everywhere for a transition period . 
  if it gets to 10c we can just divide every cost by 10 and start over with the old 10c now being the new 1c . 
  studies on countries that removed lower denomination coins showed no negative impact on donations . 
  what 's wrong with demanding special treatment if they can get it ? 
  as long as the united kingdom is willing to give them special treatment and autonomy , they 'd be stupid not to take it . 
  scotland can always threaten to leave though , so it seems to me that the united kingdom can only offer concessions and hope that will reduce the demand for independence , or let them go anyway . 
  what else is scotland supposed to put up for negotiation ? 
  18 is fine but 17 is young kids who are too dumb ? 
  most people are n't smart or involved enough to make political decisions anyway . 
  as long as people who are 16 know how to vote and have the capacity to vote , i do n't see why not . 
  spicy memes tbh , elias has some high risk medium-top notch banter . 
  how many are arabs and how many are afghans ? 
   it 's political suicide to do it , and you 'd be confiscating massive amounts of people 's property if you were to go full australia . 
  what do you think actually happened in australia ? 
  it 's become a codeword for child grooming committed by migrant members of the undesired religion . 
  irish and british . 
  pedophilia is children , not teenagers . 
   randomly deciding to stick two ethnic groups together ? 
  for what reason ? 
  it 's like you 're still talking about northern ireland . 
  did n't the opinion polling for c 's increase at the same time podemos was decreasing ? 
  sounds like many c 's voters would not only consider podemos but were even intending to vote podemos . 
  s t v t v, 
   edit : unrelated , but did the leader of the socialists seriously only become leader of the party last year ? 
  wow , no wonder he is being accused of superficiality . 
  there 's no way you can get a feel for running an entire political party in such a short amount of time . 
  you must n't be aware of australia 's elections then !, 
  did you read the article i linked to ? 
  i 'll make it as clear as i can for you then . 
  a placebo is a simulated or otherwise medically ineffectual treatment for a medical condition intended to deceive the recipient . 
  sometimes patients given a placebo treatment will have a perceived or actual improvement in a medical condition . 
  holy fuck mate , everyone here knows what a placebo is . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/placebo literally nobody is disputing placebo . 
  a placebo does n't cure a ** disease ** though !, 
  people do n't believe homeopathy works because of placeboes though . 
   the only thing that matters is whether the person believes it 's a genuine medicine or not . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm getting at . 
  water is not as misleading . 
  what does n't make sense ? 
  it 's a less effective placebo . 
  i 'm not saying something else is better than a homeopathy placebo . 
  i 'm saying that some other placebo is better than a homeopathy placebo . 
  one chocolate bar will not harm you .
