  low chance he gets in the plane ( though trying wo n't hurt i guess ) it might hurt a little , if he manages to get to paris but not back ... 
  having different laws and police not being able to enter another state are two different things . 
  even if all eu countries had the exact same laws , this still does n't give the police of one country the right to enter another . 
  that 's something that would have to be agreed on separately . 
  i thought the police was allowed to pursue a suspect across the borders under certain circumstances , but i did a quick search and it seems that is not the case . 
   but the one on op 's photo looks like one the kebabs i ate did n't use lepinja either . 
  but the op 's photo looks like one . 
  i 'm not a bread expert tho . 
  ] ( https://hips.hearstapps.com/cos.h-cdn.co/assets/14/30/nrm_1406320262-beyonce_street_art.jpg ), 
  [ lepinja ? 
  ] ( http://lepinjabread.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/09/img_1750_2.jpg ), 
  as / u/liliputput said in another comment :  everyone i know boils water with some sugar and adds coffee after the water boils . 
  then boils it again . 
   everyone i know boils water with some sugar and adds coffee after the water boils . 
  then boils it again . 
  this is how i make it , except it do n't use sugar . 
  will try your way for my next cup . 
   i have read online about the rise of far-right nationalism do you think those kind of people will ask your name first , then decide if they want to discriminate against you ? 
  they just do it based on how you look . 
  changing your name wo n't do much . 
  besides , i think it sounds cool . 
  black turkish coffee at home ( although i 've been informed by turks that 's not how you make turkish coffee ) and coffee with milk , if i go to a coffee place . 
  i think turkish style is more prevalent with older people and something instant is more usual with the younger crowd . 
  both of them are proper sentences , are n't they ? 
  but yes , it 's hard to make long sentences . 
  i have and i 've edited my comment but you probably replied just as i was doing it and you missed it . 
  in any case , i do n't know anyone who 'd care enough to even watch it , let alone be filling out brackets for it . 
  does n't mean there are n't any of course . 
  just no one i know . 
  * gori na gori gori . 
  * there 's a fire up on the mountain . 
  that 's the only one i remember . 
  maybe someone can come up with something else . 
  this is the second question about march madness . 
  what even is march madness ? 
  edit :  * the ncaa division i men 's basketball tournament is a single-elimination tournament played each spring in the united states , currently featuring 68 college basketball * yeah , i do n't know a single person who cares about it . 
  i do n't think us is a desirable country to live in to an average person . 
  someone highly skilled in specific fields ( like it ) , sure . 
  but not to an average person . 
  which i guess puts it next to countries like turkey or russia . 
  i prefer the daylight saving time , because it gives me an extra hour of daylight in the afternoon . 
  the switch is not on the same date here and us . 
  you 're already on summer time , we 're not . 
  not for another week . 
  and we wo n't switch back on the same date either . 
  summer time starts sooner and lasts longer in the us . 
  maybe you visited within that time frame ? 
  but the language is * german * , not * austrian * so they must be right !, 
   for me , someone who divisions humankind into races is a racist while i think discrimination based on race ( any discrimination , really ) is deplorable , this is a bit harsh , is n't it ? 
  a week does n't go by in the summer where we do n't hear about another group of czechs getting lost in the mountains . 
  or worse . 
  why is there a difference between three apples and five apples ? 
  in practice it 's just another grammatical number . 
  just like how singular can only be used for exactly one object , dual can only be used for exactly two . 
  the rest is plural . 
  when you have two of something , it 's not considered plural quite yet , it 's dual . 
  that 's it . 
  i once used diners for an online purchase and it was recognized as discover . 
  so , maybe ... ? 
  [ prekmurska gibanica ] ( https://www.findeatlocal.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/03/13677466_xxl-prekmurska-gibanica-823x420.jpg ) . 
   it 's the best chocolate cake you can get in austria best chocolate cake , period . 
  fetch and tug of war . 
  are those really superstores though ? 
  yes . 
  i had no problems with my internet for well over a decade at this location . 
  then in december everything went dark for 3 whole days . 
  after the tech came around everything was fixed within an hour , but it took him 3 days to get here . 
  as a hero . 
  because he allowed the use of slovene language in schools . 
  it was german before that . 
   who do you think is the most attractive european head of state or government of the gender ( s ) to which ** you 're attracted ** ? 
  o my god / u/joko11 , i knew it !, 
  i was being sarcastic . 
  ca n't find that exact model . 
  i could n't find a single 6 gb version . 
  they all have either 4 or 8 ( or more ) gb of ram . 
  but as i 've said , the cheapest version with that cpu was $ 560 . 
  $ 818 here , we also do n't make finland money ... 
  you have n't specified the exact model , but the cheapest hp laptop with i3-7100u i was able to find was $ 560 . 
  and it only had 4 gb of ram . 
  so yes , you 're getting seriously shafted ... 
  i agree with all of it , but that 's not really the point i was trying to make . 
  imagine the same person you described above . 
  no social life , single , no ambition , dead end job/unemployed , poor hygiene ... 
  watching tv all the time ? 
  what else is he/she going to do , their life sucks . 
  playing games ? 
  well of course their life is fucked up , they are playing games all the time . 
  at least that 's my experience with the whole thing . 
  but there is a subtle difference , you see that , right ? 
   who 's self conscious about whether he 's acting adult-y enough and overcompensates pretty sure it 's this . 
  but this kind of attitude never really bothered me . 
  i always found it strange and a little bit hypocritical , but meh . 
  i do things i like , because i enjoy them . 
  not to get approval from other people . 
  any hobby , if a person is * really * into it can quickly cross into the * weird * territory . 
  even hobbies that would generally be considered perfectly normal . 
  but what i 've noticed is , you 're usually seen as childish and weird as soon as you tell someone you played a game last night . 
  you do n't even have to be particularly hardcore . 
  `` you watched the match yesterday ? '',
