  i mean , i 'd never say anything bad about him , [ he 's the best !, 
  ] ( http://media.tumblr.com/tumblr_lstqmnas6c1qcjres.gif ), 
  a first aid test with a theoretical and practical parts . 
  practical part covers cpr with a dummy and some basic wound bandaging . 
  theoretical test about traffic rules etc. 
  nowadays it 's done on a computer . 
  driving test is about an hour . 
  you take it in actual traffic , not some closed circuit build specifically for this . 
  all of these have mandatory classes . 
  the first aid being an exception if you have other medical training . 
  then you can skip classes but still have to take the test . 
  if you pass all of them you 're a beginner driver for two years minimum or until you turn 21 . 
  the limitations on this are you 're not allowed to have any alcohol in your blood while driving and your license gets revoked sooner . 
  beginners get it revoked at 8 penalty points ( i think ) while other drivers can have 18 . 
  before you can get rid of your beginner status you also have to take a safe driving class , where you go around a circuit on different kinds of slippery surfaces and such . 
  just a class , there 's no test at the end . 
  i 'm holding you both responsible for getting that song stuck in my head for the rest of the week , possibly the rest of the month ... 
   australia i was told everything in australia is actively trying to kill you ... 
  he did say * additional * holiday but then talked about * switching * . 
  my original post was about telling legitimate refugees apart from people trying to abuse the system . 
  you said * `` you do n't tell who is who . 
  you register everyone '' * . 
  now you 're saying * `` if you are refugee '' * ... 
  so which one is it ? 
  do you register * everyone * , or just refugees ? 
  if the latter , we 're back to my original comment . 
  how do you know they are genuine refugees that need to be registered as opposed to opportunists abusing the system that should be turned back ? 
  how is adding an extra holiday sacrificing national culture ? 
  as / u/yorashtan2 already answered . 
  if it 's within eu ( just eurozone i guess ) everything is a sepa transfer now . 
  my bank does n't even have separate forms . 
  i use the same one if i 'm paying my utility bill , sending money to a friend at another bank or paying my server bills which come from another eu country . 
  the fee is the same too . 
  before this i had to use international transfer to pay my server provider in nl and the fees were ridiculous and it took over a week for the recipient to get the money . 
  $ 0.43 per sepa transfer . 
  free if the recipient is at the same bank or if the recipient is a charity organisation . 
  i want three days off in a row !, 
  january 3rd then ... 
  no , and frankly this kind of thinking makes me sick , to be honest . 
  two people having a disagreement of some kind is n't racism , just because they are n't the same race ( or ethnicity , religion , whatever ) . 
  you ca n't even disagree with someone these days , without running the risk of being called a racist for the most absurd reasons . 
  second best would be oct 30th or nov 2nd . 
  and if that 's not possible , any other day except : jan 1st and 2nd , feb 8th , apr 17th , may 1st and 2nd , jun 25th , aug 15th , oct 31st , nov 1st and dec 25th and 26th . 
  so visas , residence permits etc. 
  are now no longer a thing ? 
  we just let everyone in on the assumption they are refugees ? 
  now we just need a simple and reliable way of telling them apart . 
   please turn on slo3 and come back to me again ... what the hell does this have to do with the fact you 're spreading bullshit ? 
  have an example :  we have a almost 20 million people smaller market you 're using present tense . 
  are you seriously claiming slovenia has a market today , that is 20 million smaller than in 1990 ? 
  in what universe is 510 million about 20 million less than 24 million ? 
  seriously ? 
  let 's not go there , you 're in to deep . 
  not everything you said is fantasy , but a lot of it is . 
  the problem is n't paranoia about everything remotely smelling of yu , it 's that people keep spreading bullshit . 
  yet people still like to think fondly of those days . 
  the good ol' days they call them . 
  when life was better , somehow ... 
  are you purposefully being obtuse ? 
  dude , calm down . 
  just because a few individuals hate muslims and think they are terrorists this does n't validate your point in the slightest . 
  this has fuck all to do with the fact you claimed slovenia was diverse in yugoslavia and is n't any more . 
  because that is n't true . 
   also the 5 black people we have in slovenia came there in yugoslavian times . . because you know all five of them and know where they came from ? 
  seriously , just stop . 
  if you 're going to came up with ridiculous claims at least have some sources to back them up . 
  sources other than your mummy and daddy telling you a story about good ol' times . 
  yugoslavia as a whole was diverse , slovenia as a republic within yugoslavia was n't . 
  now , [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/vmlmgok.jpg ) is n't exactly cultural and religious diversity , but it should be enough to give you an idea about how this is just another dubious claim of yours . 
  [ i ca n't hear you ] ( https://media0.giphy.com/media/h0j4sa7uoydnc/giphy.gif ) . 
  well , if someone cherry picks all the good bits and does n't tell you about all the bad ones , it 's not really surprising . 
  exaggerate a bit and you 're there . 
  everyone had a job , before they even finished school ? 
  and everyone had an apartment ? 
  loans were cheap and everyone was equal in every way ? 
  sounds like a god damn utopia , sign me the fuck up !, 
  oh , but sometimes you could n't get the most basic things at the store , unless you waited in line before it opened ? 
  people were encouraged to spy after their family members and neighbours and report any * suspicious * activity ? 
  hyper inflation ? 
  power outages ? 
  does n't sound like an utopia any more , does it ? 
   i am bitter about this generation forgetting the socialist values as soon as someone promised more choices of laundry detergent ... you mean the socialist values of yugoslavia , where you were worth more if you supported the party , and worthless if you did n't ? 
  worthless at best , thrown in jail never to be seen or heard from again , at worst . 
  yes , that 's really something we should strive for ... 
   and yugoslavia was not soviet union . 
  it was n't . 
  it was also better than north korea is today . 
  honestly , it was n't that bad . 
  it just ... was n't that good either . 
  drop the rose tinted glasses and look behind the curtain . 
  there 's a reason it 's dead . 
  and thank fucking god for that . 
  now ... we just need to wait for someone to explain how the reason it 's dead is because it was so perfect the west envied us and sent it 's spies to destroy it from within . 
  no joke , people actually believe that . 
   but i see the standard that my parents and grandparents had ah yes , * the standard * . 
  it truly was the best , was n't it ? 
  i especially liked when we had to smuggle basic things such as chocolate and laundry detergent from austria or italy ... not so much towards the end but by then , communism was already pretty much dead . 
  if you do n't mind me asking ... how old are you ? 
   by plane ? 
  forget it .
