  what are you talking about ? 
  i 'm just trying to understand why you think you ca n't compare two self evaluations of a purely subjective experience . 
  or have i misunderstood this as well ? 
  so far i have been unable to get anything from your posts other than you think it should n't be done because it 's subjective . 
  but that 's the point , happiness is subjective . 
  as are a lot of other things . 
  fear for example . 
  do you also think you ca n't compare two people to see who 's more afraid ? 
   this is going nowhere , you 're clearly unable to debate and respect other kinds of opinions . 
  i 'm actually trying to see things from your perspective but you 're not making it easy for me . 
  i 'm not putting any words in your mouth . 
   no because everyone experiences happines and its levels differently . 
  what you describe as 7/10 happines may be 5/10 for someone else and 9/10 for a 3rd person . 
  this is what you said . 
  in other words , if you 'd rate my happiness ( my circumstances i guess ) with a different grade as i would myself , this is no longer comparable . 
  because ... 
  i do n't know actually , different definition of happiness i guess . 
  which is something i do n't agree with . 
  happiness is an entirely subjective thing and as such it should n't matter that different people would rate it differently . 
  if i 'm happy , i 'm happy . 
  the fact you think that maybe i should n't be happy does n't make me unhappy . 
  and if 70 % of people in one country consider themselves happy and 50 % in another country consider themselves happy , you could * arguably * say the people in the first country are happier . 
  this whole happiness scale is something you first mentioned . 
  which i agree is a lot more fuzzy . 
  i went with a much simpler * happy/not happy * divide . 
   cut the crap with this passive aggressive behaviour and putting words in my mouth . 
  if you do n't know how to debate with a normal tone then i 'm out . 
  if you feel you 're too good to explain yourself why even bother commenting ? 
  you 're right , the invalidation thing is made up , you never said that . 
  the rest stands . 
  i think i get it now . 
  because you think someone is happier than they should be or alternatively you think they should n't be as happy as they are this somehow invalidates their happiness . 
  and makes it incomparable even as a entirely subjective experience . 
  but you 're saying you ca n't even compare the subjective experience of happiness between people . 
  and what is actual happiness ? 
  a check list that gives you a point for every trailing zero on your bank account ? 
  or a point for every hour spent with your family ? 
  what difference does it make ? 
  i can be perfectly happy even if you would n't be if you were in my shoes . 
  the fact you would rate my happiness 5/10 while i 'd rate it 10/10 does not make any difference whatsoever . 
  the whole point of happiness is that it 's subjective . 
  if i rate myself as 7/10 and you rate yourself as 8/10 then i guess you 're slightly happier . 
  good for you . 
  if i think you should rate yourself 2/10 at most , because your car is too old and is worthless , you do n't own a house/apartment and you have n't travelled to at least 4 different continents in the last 2 years ... are you now * 6 happiness points * less happy ? 
  i hope not , because if you are ... good luck ... 
  you ca n't really assess other people 's happiness . 
  but they can assess it themselves and you can compare those values . 
   you can not measure happiness . 
  ca n't you really ? 
  i mean , happiness is a subjective thing . 
  if i think i 'm happy , then i 'm happy . 
  as long as i actually think that and am not pretending . 
  if someone else thinks i 'm unhappy that does n't really change anything . 
  so i suppose you could measure the percentage of people that are happy . 
  on the other hand since this is hard to measure objectively i guess the collected data is kinda garbage since people could be lying so they do n't look bad or something . 
  so yeah , you 're right i guess ... 
  some people are happy to be part of a self reported survey ? 
  yeah , some people are happy just to be surveyed . 
  and the control group is just useless ... 
  missionary position with everyone involved constantly complaining how boring it is and they should try something new and exciting . 
  but ultimately they just keep doing it missionary because why change anything when you can just complain , right ? 
  i do n't think megameter is used , at least not widely . 
  just saying it 's a valid unit . 
  can si prefixes be stacked ? 
  decakilometer , hectokilometer ? 
  that 'd be fun ... 
  what about megameter ? 
  but it sounds stupid ... 
  so which one of you is a [ liar ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/6q34re/is_parking_on_sidewalks_a_widespread_thing_across/dku6ik2/ ) ? 
  xenophobic racists are n't the problem . 
  they are already xenophobic and racist . 
  what this kind of rhetoric is doing is pushing moderate people who might have completely legitimate concerns into that same direction . 
  do you think calling people * racist * and * xenophobic * because they have ( in their mind ) justified concerns will just make them agree with you ? 
  calling everyone who does n't share your opinion * xenophobic * and * racist * will not make this go away . 
  guess what ? 
  people do n't like to be called * xenophobic * and * racist * . 
  all you 're doing is pouring gasoline on a burning fire . 
  it bothers me when people who never have and never will contribute anything to society get benefits . 
  the only exception here are people who genuinely ca n't contribute ( because of an illness or something similar ) . 
  could n't care less what their citizen status is . 
  and the contribution does n't necessarily have to be taxes although that probably is the most common and easiest to quantify . 
  if there 's a document where you clearly expressed your consent then that 's all right . 
   if you do n't they estimate your income ... do they also estimate who 's catholic too ? 
   church tax could you be more specific ? 
  how does that work ? 
  maybe these cities are diverse * because * they are * cool to live in * and not the other way around ? 
  i put a scoop of stracciatella ice cream in my coffee yesterday , does that count ? 
  edit : i should clarify and tell i made the coffee * turkish * style , so it 's not like i mixed two italian things together ... fusion ? 
  i do n't quite understand why diversity in itself would be a good thing . 
  or a bad thing , for that matter . 
  it can go either way . 
  not sure if this is the most pressing , but i 'd say we 're not interesting enough for foreign investment . 
  maybe not exactly not interesting , but most companies change their mind after the first step after all the shit that is thrown their way . 
  my primary school : 700ish , middle school ( gymnasium ) : 900ish . 
  exactly . 
  i used to be very careful to have my glass half full at all times , to prevent unwanted refills . 
  and would only finish it if i wanted more . 
  now i just finish it when i want and politely decline refills if i 'm not up for it . 
  and if i get a refill anyway , i 'll just leave it . 
  got asked what they should do with it now , if they should just pour it away and waste a perfectly good glass of beer ?
