how long does it take to process an asylum claim ? 
  what happens to people in the meantime ? 
  because if it takes months to deny the asylum and people get compensation in the mean time you could argue that 's nothing more than a type of welfare migration . 
  and what happens then ? 
  are they deported , or are they ` encouraged ' to leave ? 
  so is my mother . 
  what was n't destroyed by the hail storm or broken by the heavy wet snow was destroyed by frost . 
  i guess i wo n't be getting any free delicious home made marmalade this year . 
  it would . 
  start a thread if you live in one . 
  i 'm sure people would post their own pictures . 
  this is a great example . 
  no one is preventing you from taking the bacon out of blt sandwich and replacing it with chicken or tuna if that 's what you want . 
  you can still call it a sandwich , just not a blt , because it 's clearly not . 
   but if a turkish-european couple wants to live in europe , they will do it because it 's their right . 
  i do n't think / u/tonyblaar was talking about turkish-european couples , but rather turkish people moving to eu then demanding their right to family reunification to be fulfilled by allowing their family to join them . 
  a right they could fulfil by themselves by moving back to turkey . 
  ** but ** ... 
  i 'm not a mind reader , i do n't know what he really meant , i 'm just guessing . 
   `` x was wrong with your application '' is not a detailed explanation . 
  sure , it 's not really detailed , but it is more detailed than simply denying the application . 
  so it could be considered * detailed * . 
  but let 's not go into semantics . 
   he asked something about my personal choice , why the hell would i provide a detailed answer to a random redditor ? 
  you would n't . 
  it 's none of * his * business , but i was under the impression the discussion was a bit more generic , not you personally ( as i 've already said ) . 
  so his question would be more like : why is family reunification always considered in one direction , never the other ? 
  to which * none of your business * is not an acceptable answer , especially if you complain about not getting detailed answers . 
    you act as if you have a right to be in the eu . 
   actually i 'm already in the eu ( legally ) and will get the citizenship soon . 
  pretty sure he meant that in general , not you personally . 
   i mean , at least tell them what 's wrong with their application so they can fix it up next time . 
   my honest answer is `` it 's none of anyone 's business '' . 
  on one hand , you seem to expect a detailed answer , but on the other , you are n't willing to provide one yourself . 
  interesting . 
  you can whitelist sites . 
  i always check new sites without adblock and if the ad situation is manageable i 'll whitelist it . 
  thanks . 
  i always find experiments like this interesting . 
   like in that mouse utopia-experiment . 
  link please , sounds interesting . 
  ok . was a bit confused at first , since it 's exactly the opposite here . 
  it 's generally better to inherit since there is no tax if you inherited from your parents or spouse . 
  so it makes sense to gift your possessions away ? 
  worst case the tax is the same , best case you live long enough and there is no tax ( unless the estate is below the threshold in which case there is no tax ) ? 
  if i 'm understanding this correctly . 
  if someone inherits something from their parents , they pay tax , but if parents gift him the same thing , there 's no tax ? 
   well , as a citizen of your country , you normally have the right to marry a foreigner and have them become a citizen . 
  should you have the right to marry two foreigners ? 
  what about ten ? 
  i can marry ten people and make them all citizens . 
  i just have to get a divorce between each of them . 
  as far as i know there is no limit on how many foreigners you can marry . 
  and if there is ( which it might be , i genuinely do n't know ) , then there is no reason it should n't apply here as well . 
   is it fair to allow a third adult in this household formation ? 
  tax deductions usually go up if you have kids . 
  more kids you have , higher the deduction . 
  there 's usually a limit where having more kids wo n't get you a higher deduction . 
  what 's the difference between a kid and an unemployed adult ? 
  they both depend on your income . 
   i 'm not saying it stops working , just that there are important issues to consider . 
  of course there are . 
  you ca n't just pass a law saying ` marriages can now have as many people as you want ' and expect that to be it . 
  both of your issues are perfectly valid , but at the same time are only issues because marriage between more than two people is not defined . 
  such as ? 
  i mean it as an honest question , not trying to be a smart ass or anything . 
  what works when marriage is an union of two people , that suddenly stops working if one more person is added to the equation ? 
  ok . was n't 100 % sure what you meant . 
  i 'm not really sure why people see that as a problem . 
  it 's a personal matter between three ( or more ) people that does n't concern them at all . 
  as long as there is no abuse involved , as you 've already said . 
  and they all know about each other . 
  having secret wives/husbands is a bit messed up . 
   it has about 2,5 kk people . 
  so 2,5 m people ? 
  school subject ? 
  geography . 
  seriously . 
  it might sound a bit strange at first , but we covered basics of weather at 6th grade geography . 
  how do they know ? 
  do they go by looks , is there a multiple choice test , an international database of muslims ... ? 
  it takes the same amount of energy to cool the room down by 10 \u00b0 c once or cool it by 1 \u00b0 c ten times which is generally how ac works . 
  edit : i 'd love to hear where/why i 'm wrong rather than just being downvoted . 
  i never said it was n't . 
  billion is more than a milliard in long scale . 
  i decided not to correct him but wondered how long it will take for someone to do it . 
  i thought it was really unusual for zagreb , which has almost 3 times the population of ljubljana to only have 3 points . 
  the problem is that according to that map bitcoin is n't really an alternative anywhere at the moment . 
  zagreb , which has a population of almost 800k people , has 3 business that accept it . 
  the problem is n't that you ca n't get * all * products/services , it 's that if you 're unlucky enough you basically ca n't get anything . 
  which means it 's not really a viable alternative to cash . 
  this is all highly hypothetical , because we are n't living in a cashless society yet , so talking about who accepts bitcoin * currently * is a bit pointless . 
  if you ca n't exchange it for cash ( we 're talking about cashless society , remember ) and you ca n't use it to buy products/services then it 's useless . 
  unless you exchange it for this e-currency , but then you 're back at square one . 
  according to this , there is n't a single place in my town that uses bitcoin . 
  i 'm not saying literally * no one * accepts it . 
  it 's just the number of businesses that do is way to small for it to be useful for most people . 
  bitcoin wo n't do you any good if no one accepts it . 
  we did n't / do n't . 
  we use long scale , just like germany .
