  do n't be ridiculous , that 's not how this works . 
  did you know greeks used the bailout money to launch a teapot shaped spy satellite in orbit ? 
  prove me wrong !, 
  we went through continents . 
  some were more detailed ( like europe ) , some were n't ( like africa ) . 
  you were expected to know at the very least on which continent a country was . 
  if you were n't able to point an european country on a map , you were done . 
  the same went for geography in slovenia . 
  you were pretty much expected to be able to point on pretty much any * term * that appeared on the map . 
  but my primary school geography was pretty broad . 
  we never had like a country of the week . 
  we talked about more general terms . 
  for example climate , how storm clouds form , how low/high air pressure influences weather , geology , hydrology , etc. 
  so countries were mentioned directly when they related to whatever we talked about . 
   first , i never implied as much , i said it 's more overt not complying with your views of political correctness is not racism . 
  calling a black person * black * ( as opposed to african american for example ) does not make you a racist . 
  demanding a black person to leave your coffee shop for example , because they are black , does . 
  actually , colonist is someone who lives in a colony . 
  colonialist is someone who advocates colonialism . 
  and is pe a subject ? 
  because that . 
  if you live in slovenia and your family lives in slovenia , then by definition you live close to each other . 
  but yes . 
  my siblings live in the next town over , which is less than 10km away and my parents live out in the country side about the same distance away . 
  i do n't think i own anything i could sell for over $ 100 ( as it 's used ) to be honest . 
  if we 're talking non-physical things , my git repo is probably worth quite a bit . 
  but that 's because it has work stuff in it . 
  my own projects are ... 
  worthless ... :(, 
  is n't the point of fluoride and chlorine in the water different ? 
  is fluoride also used to kill micro-organisms ? 
  because no matter what the reason is , * this blowback * is not justified . 
  they were just confused . 
  it used to be the size of a small planet , but it is n't any more . 
  i thought we 're talking about giving them a seat in an institution with the power propose and veto acts , whatever that means because you were n't very specific . 
  now we 're talking about the church running the kindergartens in germany and red cross and public health . 
  you 're all over the place . 
   it depends . 
  no , it really does n't . 
  religion simply has no place in matters of the state . 
   what moral authority do you have none , but that never stopped anyone before . 
   it would allocate seats to certain institutions , such as universities , ** churches ** , trade unions , various technical organizations religion ( especially organized religion ) has absolutely no place in this . 
  holland and yankees are both extremely uncommon . 
  but england is very common . 
  when people want to be a bit more correct they might use britain or great britain but united kingdom is rarely used . 
  that 's not just a problem luxembourg has . 
  every country has people like this . 
  it 's just the amount of money you have to have varies . 
   i have 0 alternative usernames . 
  oh , is that so ? 
  i apologise for my mistake then . 
  as i 've said , the flying colours with which you passed your psych evaluations are clear to anyone who goes through your post history . 
  especially through your alternative usernames , which you are n't using any more because your behaviour got you banned from certain subreddits . 
  several times . 
  i 'm not your buddy . 
  and yes , the * flying colours * with which you passed your psych evaluations are quite evident from your posts . 
   french radios must play at least 40 % of french speaking music we have the same law . 
  except obviously slovenian not french . 
   ca n't you at least be consistant in your unbased slurs ? 
  they are n't unbased . 
  you have serious issues . 
  i 'd say two reasons . 
  first one being the language . 
  if you know english you have all of the us to pick from . 
  if you only know one european language you 're way more limited . 
  sure , * everyone * knows english but i can imagine it would be really annoying not knowing the local language . 
  the second one might be completely wrong , but it 's just an impression i got from reading comments from all kinds of subreddits and other forums that discuss similar topics . 
  it seems to me americans equate standard of living almost exclusively with how much they make . 
  and you 'd make less on average in europe . 
  so many would see that as a step down . 
  again , just the impression i got . 
  you could also ask in / r/italy , / r/italia , / r/rome or / r/roma if you were only interested in italians answering your question . 
  i 'm sure they 'll know exactly why some random guy looked at some random woman in a weird way , fifteen years ago . 
  favourably . 
  because of [ illyrian provinces ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illyrian_provinces ) . 
  where among other reforms he introduced slovene language to schools . 
  it is . 
  it 's also a diminutive of stanislava . 
  just so you get a straight answer from someone . 
  what / u/essiggurkerl said about austria is also valid for slovenia for the most part . 
  there is no wild camping , especially in the national park . 
  you can however camp on private property if you track down the owner and get their permission . 
  just do n't litter and avoid using a fire in the summer months . 
  honestly , a lot of parents ca n't even manage that . 
  not that i 'm defending him or anything . 
  i 'm fed up hearing about him . 
  goes double for his wife . 
  orban is not president , as you have already been told by / u/eurovisionist7 . 
  as far as the other two go , i was n't sure if they were pms or presidents , which one is belarus and which one is ukrainian or even if they are still in power . 
  so basically , they are familiar , but that 's it . 
  if i were just listing vaguely familiar names of politicians , i could name quite a few . 
  i know * of * him . 
  seriously tho , i have no idea why i left him out . 
  so it 's three presidents i can name . 
  other than our own , i can only name two other . 
  french and croatian one . 
  would have more luck with prime ministers . 
  i do n't think i know a single person i 'd characterize as * religious * . 
  i know a few that attend church , but i think they do it to socialize more than anything . 
  they are all over 50 years old .
