  sometimes i feel like it 's all we ever do . 
  bitch and whine , point fingers and pass the blame . 
  i 'll go down another aisle just to avoid it . 
  ' i just need a pack of coffee ... oh shit , the * free sample wench * is next to it ... 
  guess i 'm drinking tea ... ', 
  exactly . 
  some people will do anything to look well-off . 
  and will prioritize spending money on things to keep that appearance . 
  such as expensive ( looking ) cars and clothes . 
  people here will quite commonly buy * upper class * cars and then wo n't be able to afford buying winter tyres over the winter . 
  or keep it properly maintained . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wpennag9x_4 ) was the first one that popped into my mind . 
  not sure why and i 'm not sure i 'd actually pick this one . 
  yours is better . 
  i 'll be working remotely , from home over the summer . 
  so it 's literally less than 5m . 
  the office is about 40km away . 
  it takes roughly 50 minutes regardless if i take a train and walk or if i drive . 
  ideally it would turn out in such a way everyone is better off . 
  but since we 're not living in an ideal world , someone will probably be worse off , maybe not across the board , but somewhere . 
  and let 's be honest . 
  i 'd prefer that * someone * is n't us ( that is the eu ) . 
  you have to be more specific . 
  * western integration * is way to broad a term . 
  it might mean a lot of different things to a lot of people . 
  i 'm pro eu and even i would pause for a moment if you asked me that . 
  might even say i 'm opposed to it . 
  people will always find a reason to be unhappy . 
  because we are n't living in a perfect world . 
  eu is n't perfect . 
  but just because people are n't happy about refugees/immigration it does n't mean it 's pointless or that it does n't have upsides . 
   terrorists do n't deserve them . 
  and they will be terrorists even if we pump money in them . 
  best to just solve the issue with one shot . 
  that 's strange . 
  you almost sound like a terrorist . 
  maybe we should strip you of your rights and resolve this issue with one shot ... 
  maybe they wanted to have half a wall to keep the water in , on the side with the shower . 
  but then realized going in and out might be a bit of a problem due to the toilet and just put it on the other end , completely defeating the purpose . 
  that 's because possession and distribution of child pornography is illegal . 
  regardless of the medium used . 
  it has nothing to do with the internet being regulated . 
  if it was regulated ( that 's a bit of a catch-all term , but i think we 're on the same page ) you would n't have to post it on facebook under your real name for the police to come knocking on your door . 
  because they 'd know everything you do online , at all times . 
  which they do n't . 
  but i 'm sure it 's a wet dream of theirs . 
  living in the country side in a reasonably well forested area with a low population density , i 'm in the same boat . 
  usually happens after some heavy snowfall in the winter or large storms in the summer . 
  so a couple of times a year . 
  gets resolved pretty quickly and has been happening less and less . 
  maybe someone figured it out it makes sense to keep the area around the lines clear of vegetation . 
  or they started to put them underground , or there 's more redundancy , no idea ... 
  this was my first thought as well . 
  not sure if that makes me a bad person ... 
  figured it out with some help . 
  english was a subject from 5th grade on . 
  however the school thought it 'd be a good idea to start sooner . 
  but you ca n't just teach what you want because the curriculum is set by the ministry of education . 
  so english was an extra-curriculum activity , that was mandatory for everyone . 
  it was during regular school hours . 
  but technically , still extra-curriculum which is why it 's listed in that section on the report and why there were no grades . 
  it 's very strange . 
  i 'm pretty sure we had english in 4th grade as a regular subject and not as an extra-curriculum activity . 
  but definitely not 3rd grade . 
  i remember because 4th grade is the last grade where you had a single teacher for all subjects and from 5th grade each teacher only teaches one subject . 
  we still had a single teacher , except for english . 
  maybe it was n't graded which is why it 's listed as extra-curriculum . 
  i just checked my primary school report . 
  english was first on it in the 5th grade as well . 
  and that was in 1997/1998 . 
  english is listed as an extra-curriculum activity for the 4th grade . 
  but i do n't remember taking it ... 
  even if you 're just using water ? 
  no shampoo etc. 
  i have already bookmarked [ this ] ( http://grammarist.com/usage/to-too/ ) and will study it extensively . 
  tomorrow ... , 
  i thought you missed the second part or i made a mistake or something . 
  yes , i know ...  ** to bad pollution does n't always work that way . 
  if he 'd be polluting his little patch of land i 'd say * let him * . 
  to bad pollution does n't always work that way . 
  suggestions for the second one ? 
  maybe we could keep the theme and lyrics , but make it more upbeat so we could be really hyped about being [ friends ] ( http://www.lefthandedtoons.com/toons/drew_pecfly.gif ) with everyone ? 
  i get what you 're saying . 
  i just find it strange you mentioned sport events . 
  in any case , i prefer one about peace than about slitting throats . 
  sport events or no . 
  i guess that would depend on what you aspire to . 
   i feel like joining peace corps after listening to ours . 
  and that 's bad because ... ? 
  sounds like an ambulance siren or something ... 
  apparently everything was better under tito , even the weather ... 
  are you asking us to do your homework ? 
  because it sure sounds like it . 
  goes with everything ... 
  he did n't ask why we do n't have a matching everything . 
  he asked why there 's no uniform id card design . 
  and since they can be used to travel within eu it would make sense to be somewhat uniform . 
  would probably make it easier on the authorities . 
  kinda how driving licenses are following the same design . 
  bottom line , you pay more ( or the same ) but get a shittier product .
