  or is it simply the matter of mathematics and that five is greater than one ? 
  what if i have my wife and three kinds with me . 
  what now ? 
  now it 's five vs. five . 
  who gets to live and who gets to die ? 
  the family with younger kids ? 
  or the one where kids have better grades in school ? 
  maybe the family who pays more in taxes ? 
  i just realized the laws assume there 's always an option where no one gets hurt . 
  which is n't always the case . 
  must have been working on commission . 
   since then i have gone full-on leave , mainly because of the hate filled eu members on this subreddit which now make me glad we are going . 
  so you 're willing to risk the future of your country because a bunch of people who you never met are talking shit on some forum on the internet ? 
  wait , your acquaintance was actually trying to kill himself ? 
  because my friend was just making a rope swing . 
  it took him a couple of days to realize the clerk was basically asking him if he 's planning on killing himself and he said ` yes ' ( dead serious too ) to that . 
  and the clerk did nothing about it . 
  hopefully * everyone * would be offered psych evaluation first , before making such a decision . 
  not just young people . 
  but ultimately everyone should get the choice . 
   i do n't think you grasp the ethical issues around suicide if you think this is that simple . 
  these * ethical issues * do not concern you in the slightest . 
  they concern the person wanting to kill themselves and whoever will help them . 
  that is , no one should be forced to help someone commit suicide , not even doctors . 
  a friend of mine was making a rope swing . 
  the kind with just the rope above the lake . 
  he went to the hardware store and finds one . 
  he asks the dude if it 'll hold his weight . 
  the clerk asks him : ` why ? 
  are you planning to hang yourself ? ', 
  him ; ` yes ' . 
  the clerk gave him a weird look but sold him the rope anyway . 
  please do , because i 'm really interested in this . 
  a hypothetical situation . 
  let 's say the defence attorney finds something that proves without any doubt his client is guilty . 
  is he required to pass the evidence to the prosecution ? 
  is he even allowed to ? 
  if i 'm remembering correctly , more tolls were collected before we had stickers . 
  so if anything , we should blame the crisis on the tourist toll money . 
   god so many people here jump on me because i mentioned i 'm muslim . 
  am i one of them ? 
   having pork served to you is probably as disgusting ... 
  completely irrelevant . 
  being disgusted at the food does not give you the right to spit at people and threaten to burn the place down . 
  there is absolutely no excuse for this kind of behaviour . 
   i mean if there was horse-meat in my salad i 'd be pissed too !, 
  and how would you go about solving that ? 
  a ) politely ask the waitress why there 's horse meat in your salad and ask her to bring you one with out it . 
  b ) spit in the face of the waitress and threaten to burn the mall down . 
  c ) something else . 
  being pissed and polite are not mutually exclusive . 
  except maybe if you lack the brain capacity for more than one thing . 
  google maps says a length of three blocks is about 400m . 
  electric bikes are more expensive over regular bikes , but do n't really provide enough to justify the price difference . 
  is what i think he was trying to say . 
  yes , cars are even more expensive but you also get more out of it . 
  there are polite ways of expressing your dissatisfaction with something . 
  cursing and mooning ( seriously , mooning ? 
  as in showing his ass ? ), 
  do not fall into that category . 
  * getting to know europe * would n't be free . 
  you still have to sleep somewhere , eat something etc. 
   separate radiator heating and tap water heating do not prevent you from heating your house to your requirements . 
  it does , if you 're dependant on any kind of remote heating that is n't on for most of the year . 
  but i agree , you generally want hot tap water available all year around when you only need to heat your place in the winter . 
  the thing is , people are generally interested in beaches for about two months out of a year . 
  how many people do you know that vacation at the beach in december or january ? 
  compared to july or august . 
  they exist of course , but not in such massive numbers . 
  is this also the reason behind burkas ? 
  because muslim women are shy ? 
  apparently god works in mysterious ways . 
   i doubt it . 
  it might , it might not make it easier . 
  what will definitely not make it easy is having seemingly no plan at all . 
  no one wants to open the flood gates unless there is a plan how to close them again . 
  having a plan does n't guarantee anything , but it does make it more likely . 
  even if just a little bit . 
   for this to work you need a redistribution system . 
  i 'm sure it will be much easier to agree on one , once the basics are fleshed out . 
  why is it next to chocolate tho ? 
  actually , his card should be inserted in the tachograph , but in the codriver slot . 
  if you 're in the vehicle you 're not resting , you 're on standby . 
  unless the vehicle is not moving . 
  it 's 2016 . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can broadcast with the original sound and a dubbed one and let the viewer decide . 
  the same with subtitles . 
  they can be turned off . 
  dvds had this ability over a decade ago . 
  it requires mental effort ? 
  ca n't have that !, 
  weird . 
  now that you 've pointed it out the difference is really obvious to me . 
  serious question . 
  ` of ' and ` off ' are pronounced differently ? 
  how ? 
   all those xenophobic countries get billions of western european tax money and western europe gets access to their markets . 
  and their cheap labour . 
  and skilled workforce . 
  it 's not all black and white .
