  everything else is irrelevant in the eyes of the consumer . 
  technically it 's * zdru\u017eeno kraljestvo * , literally * united kingdom * in slovenian . 
  but most people just use * anglija * . 
  which as you might have guessed is slovenian name for england . 
  my first problem here wound the fact the age is set way to low . 
  i 'm only familiar with the beethoven one . 
  in any case , it 's not a serious answer so there 's no point in arguing . 
  except ... 
  he should still say beethoven just to piss germans off , 
  it 's a joke , calm down . 
  no , i meant [ beethoven ] ( https://cdn-webimages.wimages.net/0503a1b9332b9a3097222c4662236f894af099-wm.jpg ) . 
   hey you are from austria ?!, 
  you know who else was from austria ? 
  `` yes , beethoven '' is what your answer should be . 
  he 's talking about fluorine , not chlorine . 
  i 'm worried about any immigrant that refuses to integrate and tries to force local population to conform to their rules . 
  where they are from , what they believe in and what color their skin is does n't really matter . 
  the only time i ever go to mercator nowadays is because it 's the only store within walking distance . 
  i need to drive to pretty much anywhere else . 
  not to mention all but the newer/bigger ones look like time capsules from the 90s . 
   i like hofer 's quality , but it always seems messy and cold . 
  interesting . 
  hofer is probably the best kept one here , in terms of cleanliness . 
  sometimes you can find a product on the wrong shelf because people decide they do n't need it and just put it on the closest one ( something i 've only ever noticed in hofer and lidl ) , but that 's pretty much it . 
  do n't know jager and every time i 've been to eurospin ( which was only about 3 times ) the floor looked like it has n't been swept in a couple of weeks . 
  absolutely disgusting . 
  i would have turned around and walked out immediately , but the person that asked me for a ride did n't think it was a big deal . 
   and maybe slovenia if they want . 
  of course we 'd be up for it ... 
  my order would be : spar , hofer , mercator , lidl , tu\u0161 , eurospin . 
  mercator seems to be in a race to the bottom and tu\u0161 has been there since i can remember . 
  this is based on stores in my town . 
  the first one ( xanax ) is $ 8.38 for 30 pills , so $ 16.76 for 60 . 
  the basic insurance covers 10 % , the rest is covered by the additional insurance . 
  the second one is $ 4.55 for 50 pills , so $ 9.10 for 100 . 
  the insurance covers 70 % of the price ( the rest is covered by additional ) . 
  so about $ 17 with basic insurance , $ 0 for full and about $ 26 for no insurance.not sure how no insurance would work , since both drugs are prescription only . 
   what 's wrong with a firm courteous handshake an arm length away ? 
  you should do [ this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/q48bj.gif ) . 
  the * signal * used for testing is the same as the one used to indicate the danger has passed . 
  at least that 's how it works here . 
  at noon . 
  ca n't remember when i had my first sip . 
  but the first time i got drunk was way into my twenties . 
  and by drunk i mean tipsy , not black out drunk . 
   any lack of nudity is a choice of the network or show producer , not a regulation . 
  it would seem a lot of networks or show producers * choose * to show violence but not nudity . 
  so while him saying it 's not allowed might not be completely true , his point still kinda stands . 
  does australia count ? 
  making microwave popcorn . 
  that 's it . 
  so basically give up * everything * for great dental care ? 
  now if this was some kind of an utopia , i might be persuaded . 
  but ** just ** dental care ? 
  yeah , i do n't think so . 
  people survived without dental care for millennia . 
  i think i could make it for a few more decades . 
  i 'd really miss the internet , to be honest ... 
   threatens their way of life i think this is a huge part of it . 
  people have a certain way of life and are afraid it 'll change . 
  if this fear is justified or not is another matter completely . 
  so it 's not really surprising they are more open towards people who they think have a more similar way of life . 
  or at least are more likely to accept the local way of life ( in other words are more likely to integrate ) . 
  therefore do n't feel threatened by them . 
  pretty sure it is on mobitel . 
  edit : i just checked , it 's not . 
  greedy bastards ... 
  pretty sure you can request an sms with your usage/balance . 
  i 'd also be pretty surprised if there 's no app for it . 
  but again , i 've never used it so i ca n't judge the execution . 
  just think the idea itself is a good one . 
  maybe not as much nowadays when the technology moved forward a lot . 
   ljubljana - self centered , pansy boys is it a stereotype if it 's true ? 
  why is it stupid ? 
  i 've never used it myself but i think it 's nice because it only requires a phone that is capable of making phone calls . 
  nothing more . 
  worth mentioning is moneta is completely different than most of the solutions mentioned here . 
  you dial a number , enter the amount and the phone starts making modem noises like in the good ol' times ( not really , those times sucked ) . 
  you put it next to a terminal and once they finish conversing , you 're done . 
  the amount is then added to your phone bill . 
  that being said , i do n't think paying with your phone is that common . 
  not even using moneta . 
  like toothbrushes !, 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen one in the wild before . 
  just in the stores , usually bundled with shampoo or shower gel . 
  shit ... 
  i might drop at any moment then . 
  i agree . 
  have you explained that this is after you finish school and before you start university ? 
  did she think you 'd do this while is still in school ? 
  i mean , why else would she think school work has anything to do with this ? 
   saying she and her friends already had enough schoolwork oh , bless her heart . 
  she probably thinks after you finish school life is just a non-stop party until you drop dead of old age ... 
  what was a stupid idea ? 
  being gender neutral ? 
  or conscription in general ? 
  while karl is useless i do n't think people hate him as much as they do jan\u0161a . 
  of course . 
  i 'd say [ jan\u0161a ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janez_jan%c5%a1a ) fits . 
  ca n't really say anything about him tho , he sued people for * offending * him online before .
