we might have found a modern day prophet . 
  sensationnalism only gets you so far , it works on people unable to see further than their hands . 
  i do feel bad for people who 's family have been affected by terrorism , but lets not pretend terrorism affects that many people ( in western societies ) , that would n't be true . 
  there are many things that kill way more than terrorism , that we are , as a society , already impacting . 
  quit pretending terrorism is the n \u00b0 1 threat will you ? 
  our intentional homicidal rate is 1.2 ( / 100.000 habitants ) . 
  quit trying to pretend france is n't safe , you dickhead . 
  as a reference , the united states ' rate is 3.9 . 
  i guess `` this guy is dumb as a brick '', 
  we do n't really . 
  however to this comment , as a french person i proudly declare  mais il est con comme une brique celui-la . 
  sheer numbers if you read my comment no mental gymnastics at all , its how our system works . 
  blanks and abstention are n't counted among cast votes . 
  in terms of amount of people it goes : macron  blanks + abstention  le pen, 
  we put them together here as none of them are accounted for the results . 
  the % of cast votes include neither . 
  my bad , spelt it the french way union europ\u00e9enne ... corrected !, 
  thanks . 
  yes , i just wanted to highlight that compared to blanks and abstention her score was n't as high as some people thought . 
  if you were to rank candidates : macron  blank + abstention  le pen, 
  there i 'll even let of your owns explain it to [ you ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/69ou68/frances_macron_on_gay_email_list_drugs_ordered/dh8n0wi/ ) . 
  1 ) 3-mmc is n't meth . 
  2 ) that e-mail was debunked , even by r/conspiracy and r/wikileaks 3 ) stop showing the world just how gullible you are ... 
  mostly from our leftist candidate m\u00e9lenchon 's voters . 
  many of them did n't want to chose between what they called `` a banker vs a fascist '' and wanted to show their disagreement . 
  everyone is french on this blessed day . 
  one of the main candidates from the left , m\u00e9lenchon ( had around 19 % in first round ) said he would vote blank and many of his supporters followed . 
  its a way for them to say they disagree with both candidates . 
  one of the main candidates from the left , m\u00e9lenchon ( had around 19 % in first round ) said he would vote blank and many of his supporters followed . 
  its a way for them to say they disagree with both candidates . 
  35 % of voters , in terms of numbers , more people voted blank or did n't vote . 
  so if you had to rank `` candidates '' it would be macron  abstention + blank  le pen . 
  i edited the % we have so far . 
  harmonisation does n't mean everyone get the same exact tax rate , in the treaty countries are allowed to adapt those rates . 
  you have set numbers however . 
  you 're god damn right !, 
  fearmongering will not stop us . 
  we will regret the people that died but we wo n't let it stop us from moving further and making france and the ue better to save more life than terrorists could ever hope to cost . 
  we are n't like you , we do not thrive off hate , we thrive off hope , and we are going to keep improving . 
  saying that to the country with the greatest war record ? 
  shows your education buddy . 
  stop trying to increase the degree of terror in france , the candidate trying to do so just failed . 
  french are smarter than to be blinded by a few attacks . 
  he wants to make a stronger european union , through harmonisation on taxes and other things like increasing the democratical process in the eu and modifying existing treaties to adapt to the current economy . 
  this is a very good turning point for the ue , we are going to be stronger than ever !, 
  edit : more details . 
  we are always here to school british and americans !, 
  edit : le pen is actually 3rd , behind the abstentions/blank votes . 
  i would like to remind people that she got ~ 35 % of the votes , excluding blanks and abstention . 
  it ' different than saying 35 % of french voted for her . 
  also thanks for the gold !, 
  edit 2 : the numbers : ( keep in mind those are estimations as we have n't counted every single vote so far ) - 25.3 % did not vote , % of all the population , not voters . 
  ( highest for the second round since 1969 ) - 8.9 % are blank/invalid votes , % of voters . 
  even if the numbers are bound to move until we can declare exactly how many voted for which , it is certain that there are more people who abstained / voted blank or invalid , than there are le pen voters . 
  are you trying to imply she was killed because of the e-mail leaks ? 
  the leaks happened weeks ago . 
  she had health problems for a long time . 
  you people are sickening . 
  the offshore account was proven fake and russian tags were found in the e-mail dump . 
  hell even the drug mail has been debunked as the bitcoins were from a mining pool and if you believe a deputy would mine his own bitcoins to send 3-mmc ( not meth you retards ) to the parliament ... 
  i have no words . 
  another typical case of a reddit dumbfuck who visited / pol / once in his life and has no clue about the actual outside world . 
  french people are pretty different from american people to be honest . 
  we do not have this anti-science mentality so many people have in the rust belt . 
  very few people here doubt any words from authorities , we still have genuinely good journalism , that even through legal attacks always prove their sources . 
  the only ones that are likely to believe those `` leaks '' already believe them without reading them . 
  i have n't met a single person who trusted the first `` leak '' . 
  le pen admitted on tv ( bfmtv ) just this morning that she had zero proof and was just `` asking a question '' . 
  she 's taking this out of trump 's book , outright lie and let your loons believe it just because other people opposite as bs . 
  she went as far as saying that he took part in the globalist tendency in the last 25 years . 
  i 'm not even joking . 
  he 's 39 . 
  they 're trying to spread a bunch of docs from / pol / '' '' '' '' `` proving '' '' '' '' '' tax evasion . 
  its pretty laughable . 
  to give you a rough idea , fillon is straight up for the corporate establishment and for liberalism . 
  economically he 's the most liberal candidate . 
  macron is a bit more middle ground , economically roughly the same , but on social policies he 's a bit more to the left . 
  thats why they say he 's kind of in the middle , even leftists like him on certain policies . 
  why fillon over macron ? 
  i mean fillon is basically supporting the liberal banking system but much more openly and with a stronger position . 
  its a weird point to value fillon over macron on since he 's worse on it . 
  fillon is also more openly against socialist politices . 
  first , let me laugh a little bit . 
  at war against non-muslims ? 
  in what wolrd do you people even live in . . ? 
  inciting racial hate is a crime in france that typically targets celebrities as you need a position of power . 
  she got 15k as her biggest fine . 
  a mere slap on the wrist , even her lawyer argued there were no need to appeal , using that `` she was tired '' . 
  stop using sensationalism over things you do n't understand . 
  hope you have a blast , i 've been there a few times , its a very interesting part of france . 
  i am french and have always lived in france . 
  not a single thing you have said in this thread is true . 
  might explain the downvotes , who knows . 
  i wonder if it might because you keep saying france is in a horrible state and fighting a religious war ? 
  or that you have no argument whatsoever to back it up ? 
  i 'm saying that in this thread you are painting a fake image of a doomed france struggling in a daily basis in a religion war . 
  neither of these things are remotely true . 
  we have the elections for our parliament in june , so you might still be in the political rush . 
  normandy is a very cool place however , if you want some tips or locations to visit , come hang with us in r/france most of us are bilingual and will answer your questions . 
  to understand french 's people reaction toward le pen you need a bit of context , and to avoid the opinion of people that have never set foot in our country .
