same exact thing for portugal . 
  juncker wanted our [ minister of finance ] ( http://imgur.com/o4bpjas ) ( one of the few competent people in the government ) to join the comission because she 's a woman and juncker is determined to have more women in his staff than barroso did . 
  in return , the portuguese prime-minister asked him to give portugal the brief regarding funds since we knew we could n't get an economic one and this was the next best thing . 
  juncker refused and so the prime-minister sent him [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/vzzecmt ) instead . 
  argelia and nigeria . 
  [ source ] ( http://www.erse.pt/pt/gasnatural/paginas/default.aspx ) ( it 's in portuguese ) edit : [ source in english ] ( http://www.erse.pt/eng/naturalgas/paginas/naturalgas.aspx ), 
  the bes is n't exactly the problem . 
  the problem is that they own 1200 million euros of debt from a holding named ges ( grupo esp\u00edrito santo ) who is very likely to go bankrupt and therefore that debt will probably never be payed . 
  but apparently the bank is doing ok so far and has enough of a financial cushion to withstand the though times ahead even if ges goes bankrupt . 
  in any case , the really important thing is that the government said right at the beginning of this mess that the taxpayers will not be called to bail out either the bank or the holding . 
  i 've never played empire : total war , but the only game i 've ever seen have real portuguese voice actors was assassin 's creed iv : black flag during the part where you go to africa . 
  what a delightful girl . 
  those are some pretty grim news . 
  i doubt this sort of thing is gouged in relation to other countries . 
  otherwise , you 'd have to rate almost every country as being in a `` good situation '' if you compare it to north korea , or rate them as `` difficult situation '' when compared to scandinavian countries . 
  each country 's situation is probably assessed on an individual basis , without using a ` measuring stick ' to stack it up against other countries . 
  which is why it 's odd that the uk is considered a satisfactory situation when just last year they two very clear government attacks on freedom of the press with the arrest of david miranda and with the raid on the guardian 's hq to force them to destroy hdd 's that contained information related to the snowden case . 
  i 'm surprised the uk is considered a `` satisfactory situation '' after the whole guardian debacle . 
  green is `` verde '' in portuguese as well . 
  i really do n't understand why people talk about things without at least informing themselves first . 
  no , tax payer money will not be lost on ges . 
  you want to know why ? 
  because what the state did was make a loan ( with interest ) to the resolution fund for which all banks in portugal are responsible for . 
  it is the financial system that is responsible for that loan and that money has already started to return to the state . 
  the state has already received 120 million in interest . 
  so , again , tax payer money will not be lost on ges because even if novo banco is sold for a price under the value of the loan it is still the financial system that must share the burden of the loss and not the state . 
  by the way , saying that things you do n't understand are just `` political mongo bongo '' is not an argument . 
  it is the lack of one . 
  it 's basically saying `` i do n't comprehend this so i 'll call it mongo bongo because that 's easier than taking the time to inform myself '' . 
  it is obvious that the collapse of the ges had an impact on the economy . 
  after all , the psi 20 is worth less than half of what it was back in 2008 and i 'm sure the fall of the ges had some part to contribute to that . 
  however , that does not automatically mean that taxpayer money was lost or spent on the whole debacle . 
  because it was n't . 
  we might , however , lose the interest on the money put into the resolution fund , but that would be it . 
  and even that is n't even certain yet as it can only be calculated after the sale of the novo banco . 
   this is pathetic . 
  these claims are just absurd demagogic political/partidary talk that has nothing to do with the real world . 
  i do n't give a fuck about passos and costa and their retarded arguments . 
  please do n't be one of those guys who does n't bother to at least listen to anyone because they dismiss everything as being `` retarded '' and always thinks he already knows everything there is to know on every issue . 
  it does n't help your argument at all and only makes you look like one of those guys who spends their days in the caf\u00e9 shouting their uninformed and ignorant opinions at anyone who will listen . 
  we have n't lost any money with ges yet . 
  we might ` indirectly ' after novo banco gets sold , but the financial system will most likely have to bear the burden of the loss . 
  after bpn and the way the government criticized the ps government for having nationalized it , it would have been political suicide to have done the same with ges/bes . 
  it 's the weirdest thing , because in his mission letter to oettinger , juncker was very clear in his desire to lead a true reform of copyright law as soon as possible , especially when it comes to geoblocking . 
  i wonder what juncker thinks of this now . 
  same here . 
  people capable of critical thinking adapt their opinions based on external factors and circumstances . 
  is that really so surprising to you ? 
  or are we all supposed to stick to the same black and white view of the world perpetually and never change it no matter what happens ? 
  this subreddit is intended to provide discussion about europe . 
  the migrant crisis is currently the most pressing issue in europe so it 's no wonder that people want to discuss it . 
   this subreddit is no longer fun . 
  this is boring . 
  this is n't a video game , no one ever promised it would be `` fun '' . 
  but good news , there are plenty of other subreddits that you can visit . 
  you have just described one of the most troubling problems in portuguese politics . 
  before the elections , an unelected politician is basically the second coming of jesus that is going to set everything right . 
  the moment he gets elected he has about two weeks of ` grace period ' before he is villified as worse than hitler . 
  this is why it is almost impossible for a portuguese government to finish a 4 year mandate . 
  there is no stability . 
  the current government is actually going to do it but they had a parlimentary majority ( and only with a coalition ! ), 
  and even then the government almost fell in 2013 . 
  now we have another election next month where the oppostion leader is already being touted as the great savior and most likely no party will get anywhere near a majority . 
  i will be ** extremely ** surprised if the next government last more than 18 months . 
  you do need to mind the gap at bank station . 
  it 's like jumping over the grand canyon . 
  i can name several things off the top of my head . 
  hell , we could have a thread just to appreciate their literature and have plenty to talk about for a long time . 
  there 's nothing wrong with russia , just because their concerns are not our concerns and their politics are not our politics does n't mean everything that comes out of russia is bad . 
  i would suggest as i lay dying by william faulkner , especially for anyone who likes to read about the deep south . 
  is it ? 
  i 've always seen this film be criticized as being ` russian propaganda ' given its exhaggerated depictions . 
  despite this , it 's still a fantastic film ( albeit extremely depressing ) and the main actor gives a brilliant performance for such a young actor at the time . 
  no love for [ ornatos violeta ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cufsnthgqag ), 
  we 've been saying this for years , trust me . 
  i 've never met anyone who liked the flag we have now . 
   every single pro-greek post i make , no matter how thoughtful and watertight , always gets its contrarian following as it rightly should . 
  do n't people have a right to disagree with you ? 
  first , no , catholicism is not a religion . 
  it is just one of the practices of the religion of christianity . 
  but even if it were a religion , you 'd still be wrong as the pope is merely the head of the catholic church , and not the head of catholicism . 
  second , you 're comparison is ridiculous . 
  the pope , unlike paris hilton , is actually the head of a state . 
  so his opinion does carry more political weight than that of most people , and certainly more than that of a socialite . 
  and third , even if the pope 's opinion does n't carry as much political importance as it once did ( and you need to remember that it was once the most important opinion in european politics ) , it 's obviously still very relevant as can be atested by turkey 's reaction and by the fact that it made front page news in major publications around the world . 
  so why are you arguing that his opinion is meaningless ? 
  first , he 's the head of a church , not a religion . 
  and second , to the members of that church ( of which there are hundreds of millions ) his opinion might have a little more impact than a `` wet rag '' . 
  in fact , to many millions of people , his opinion might even matter more than if he actually was the head of nato . 
   no one actually cares . 
  no , a lot of people do actually care . 
  your opinion is n't the only one . 
  i do n't speak german , but is she saying `` this is not my land '' referring to germany ? 
  if so , what did she mean by that ? 
  pretty good . 
  it 's just missing guimar\u00e3es . 
  more portuguese than spanish . 
  well , that 's surprising , they have over four times our population . 
  also , two times more users in greenland than in china .
