  also furiously gesticulating *, 
  i don \u00b4 t believe you, 
  they said nothing about trucks tho, 
  that actually makes sense, 
  radical you said ? 
  they been skating a lot i bet, 
  pok\u00e9mon, 
  we have our shit together ? 
  man i wish, 
  inspiring by a wrong books , no i don ' t mean harry potter, 
  yeah !, 
  you are so tight, 
  hihi we are trying, 
  or portusquat , maybe portunike , portubliyat ... there is so many options my new portubrat, 
  dude look at your salaries and gdp !, 
  you are eastern europe as fuck, 
  this is sadly true , when you mention you will travel across romania a lot of people will start making fun of how they will rob and kill you or something similar , same people will travel egypt and do n't think twice about safety, 
  sounds like a new cool tarrantino 's movie, 
  this is great !, 
  just stay away from us and we are okay !, 
  they will have to build a time machine go back to 2001 and lock that dirty criminal !, 
  let him use that capslock !, 
  he deserves it !, 
  he had to earn it !, 
  i am reading this and based on my family stories it was not that bad here in czech rep. even when commies ruled let alone 90 ' , i am glad it got better . 
  glue ? 
  back in my day simple beating with your head to the ground was enough to get high, 
  here you got some popcorn, 
  squating all day squating all night , wearing track suit being all white ,, 
  really ? 
  i always thought my language is pretty hard to start with, 
  maybe because czech working market is more interesting for people from ukraine than in the ro/bg . 
  such is slav life, 
  we should unite, 
  okay !, 
  i will be right there waiting !, 
  ok no problem with that !, 
  i wanted to learn german but i suck at it : / is there some kind of phrase that you would like to know ? 
  super !, 
  you know what ? 
  i am okay with it , 
  austrians are like half slavs, 
  where ? 
  hihi , we are trying, 
  sweet summer child, 
  pretty much this ... we like being sarcastic and dark, 
  that movie was beautifuly fucking bizzar , top shit, 
  or assholes ... 
  well i do n't and i do n't plan it ... but i like that i could if i would like to , that is freedom , right ? 
  this is like your opinion dude, 
  no you are nazi !, 
  i said it first !, 
  once you post from portugal you are not safe, 
  he is like oprah, 
  no horses no whiskey no george mclain ... just zastavas , rakija and vlad supersonik, 
  yeah one more time we proved that it is not about ideology but about people, 
  yeah famous jagr haircut, 
  yeah !, 
  you get the memo , nice mustache by the way, 
  be vlad *, 
  and some archaic kind of lada and that weird hat i do n't mean uschanka you know what i mean, 
  they are testing how good dope they got ? 
  his squat is working in england, 
  he has no idea ... only one layer of tracksuit ?!, 
  reported  deported, 
  yeah we kinda need them ... lets face it if we look at the numbers of successful polish , czech or german scientists , artists , doctors with jewish origin there is always a lot of jews . 
  hi from the czech republic , no one tried to kill me at least for week . 
  nope, 
  nice !, 
  it does not even matter i can ' t beat that, 
  shit like this is really silly i thought it was mostly only in countries of eastern block tho , my granny was called german bastard because of her german father mind you she does not even understood german language you would say only stupid people would attack small kids but this stuff was told to her by a principal of a local school she attended ... you know times changed but stuff like this will stay on your mind for life . 
  hah maybe a bit of both , secret police had baseline with sound detectors next to my house , we had no idea for years even tho my grandpa been called to a police headquarters a few times ( he completed a few fully working semi - professional radio devices , so that is why ) i was told this by my friend because his grandpa was that secret cop who worked next to our house , kinda funny story i think i don ' t know why am i telling you this, 
  nicely said !, 
  haha your uncle really had some balls to say stuff like that  at least in czechoslovakia during communist era : / i am glad these days are over, 
  why you always have to be like that ?!, 
  one can dream , right ? 
  revolution is nice thing my dude but available toilet paper in every fucking supermarket is the shit that matters to me, 
  we still hope they will one day just ... you know ... just die, 
  shhhh . 
  he has no idea, 
  you mean romanian dentist nicolae teslate\u0219cu ? 
  kino in czech , and probably everywhere else, 
  pretty much this , you can use it to describe primitive person / without any bad conjuction /, 
  aj still hef a dr\u00edm , aj hef a drim thet juan dej this nej\u0161n vil rajs up and lif ap, 
  wh\u016f d\u016f j\u016f sink j\u016f \u00e1r to korekt m\u00ed ? 
  / yes i am screaming at you, 
  geez boy, 
  seriously guys you should do something with his existence, 
  that 's for \u0161or, 
  if i have here on reddit learned something about stats it is that we have to always take them with the grain of salt . 
  as always, 
  strians witzig als always, 
  it should be spejbl , 
  loved to read that books . 
  why you have to be like that ? 
  in czech rep. we say he smokes like plaster hedgehog, 
  yeah it sounds like a name of some genital herpes, 
  totaly this, 
  use czech republic instead, 
  that sounds better,
