  \u00fcbersetzung `` hrom z jasn\u00e9ho nebe '' , let \u00b4 s dance naked my pagan friends, 
  i like czech republic because it sounds unique and everything is better than to be conffused with some ex-russian muslim country that recruits isis fighters . 
  i hate this idea . 
  we will!this whole headline is wrong . 
  this is just what some asshole who is bored and trying to look productive came with . 
  and after all we are still czech rep. even if this idea will pass it change only on the soil of osn . 
  nice evening to you too  i got such a weird name can \u00b4 t even :(, 
  yeah zum beispiel i just wanted to be more anonymous on fb so i used my great grandpa \u00b4 s german name instead of mine . 
  you see ?!, 
  i am just doing it lol :d, 
  yeah we like to be a sorta special snowflake , there is a one thing how to find a czech with german ancestors ? 
  he will tell you sooner or later :d, 
  yeah this is very czech thing to do, 
  allahu * this project was funded by a european funds of integration * akhbar, 
  thanks !, 
  as a czech i will dare to say `` ja '' because of political situation nowadays and also maybe because of bigger amount of shared history if austrians were on the list we would probably put you higher than germany , but personaly i like you both pretty much same and there is no logical reason to hate any of our neighbours , 
  even masha and the bear ? 
  yeah with right filter even paris , prague or amsterdam will look like a part of some post-apocalyptic movie . 
  i don \u00b4 t, 
  are they really that naive to think stuff like this could work ? 
  shit they got navy seals we are fucked it convinced me . 
  in soviet russia , circle jerks you !, 
  azerbaijan is economicaly fucked because of cheap oil so they will just try to move attention of own people on something different . 
  oldest trick in the books . 
  yeah it makes sense i see it pretty much as a sort of meditation , just to calm down for a minute . 
  i do the same in the church i don \u00b4 t even pray i just meditate . 
  this praying five times a day ? 
  that sounds like a nice way how to waste your time even my gramy with a shit ton of free time would bitch about how time consuming it is :d . sorry, 
  or two if you really want to have a good luck in the following year, 
  chuckled *, 
  i bet he also blames them for bad weather or dysfunctional penis . 
  yeah i remember to be at polish church i can imagine how weird it must be to pray for something you do not even completely understand :d, 
  i have seen u/ohran i can confirm ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  i would call it weird to believe in something that is based on book i have not even read , but then i remind myself i have been visiting a church every sunday for 21 years without even reading a bible and then will rather shut up , lol . 
  now you are on the list :d list of people with sense of humour . 
  loled :d, 
  it was not my intention hurt you , sorry for my bad choice of words it was from me arrogant . 
  kadyrov is doing his best to make his country as pro muslim as possible , building huge mosques that people do not like to visit ... just look at his ig profile it starts with `` allah velik '' allah is mighty , it can be always worse like lybia when khadaffi was killed you are right in this . 
  i just wanted to point out on fact he pretty much fits as fine example of radical theocrat  edit : i deleted some words that was wrong, 
  okay i will keep it on my mind  i am not some hardcore fan of alcohol i just started to drink white vine and i am not sure if am i capable to drink harder stuff but i will try to improve to do not embarass my country , 
  yeah for example slovaks like to joke about how bad are we at hiking around tatra mountains and how they are like almost always 100 % sure when someone fell of the moutain it was probably reckless czech tourist :d long story short that is why i am not hitchhiking or visiting croatia :d, 
  i thought white socks with sandals was a part of german tourist packet but yeah it pretty much fits , society is making fun of people who likes to visit croatia :d btw : i can \u00b4 t find it on yt :(, 
  okay bruh i have never seen anyone from croatia i just asume that you look like that character from the simpsons driving water jet and selling expensive ice cream . 
  lol maybe i have just been for too long on 9gag, 
  sounds like a fun , 
  do not even let me start with it :(, 
  nicely said, 
  yeah i can see here a lot of that feminazi bullcrap and jokes about it here , but honestly i have never seen such a behaviour in the real life here in cz . 
  mirna pls, 
  there was an reddit thread on askreddit about how you can spot that someone is an asshole , this would be a great example how to find out . 
  yeah it could work, 
  it works only if you are rich otherwise it will make you a fucking perv and creep :(, 
  no wet girls ? 
  seriously which festival isn \u00b4 t :d, 
  yeah they are butthurt mostly right after unproffessionaly executed poml\u00e1zka, 
  totaly guy thing to say !, 
  whatever floats your boat bruh, 
  that is what she said, 
  yeah bro we understand each other when it comes on swearing , 
  yeah good old `` kazi\u0161uk '', 
  nah it is okay just some european football fans it has nothing to do with nationality , this sport always gets the best people around do not matter if the last pissing hero or top manager of fifa same kind of scum . 
  this is what happened to my cousin after eating of rotten tomatoes : /, 
  savage, 
  that is pretty sad imo, 
  nah now is too late to enlighten us we know how you mean it, 
  yeah and umpalumpas on the top of that scum , shit is cray now, 
  this guy dreams well, 
  yeah these ukrainians and wery well known for raping and blowing shit up . 
  iran out of money i am hungary now :(, 
  small news for small people, 
  `` my name is omar i ain \u00b4 t no snitch i will snap kufar like a small ~ ~ goat ~ ~ bitch . '', 
  i am pretty sure if 4 lions would take a part in the belgium there could be a quottes like this . 
  there is reason why are words slav and slave alike, 
  this is gunna be lit fam, 
  rest in rip '' - plastic - '', 
  make turkey great again !, 
  okay !, 
  let me guess ... now is everyone who has different oppinion that this mofo called terrorist , recht ? 
  there is not such a thing as czechia, 
  well who does not ? 
  yeah with tanks, 
  same in czech republic and plenty of other european countries as far as i know . 
  nicely made !, 
  as a czech i can confirm i am used to buy a french camembert it costs half price in lidl than in kaufland or some other markets . 
  it is not only about milk ( \u0361 \u00b0 \u035c\u0296 \u0361 \u00b0 ), 
  no ragnar, 
  conspiracy is strong with this one guy from the country with lidl markets . 
  basicaly everyone living more on the west than russians feel the same way . 
  it is like that building is looking at me and judging me . 
  exactly !, 
  i can \u00b4 t pretty much imagine terrorist somewhere in the london or paris who gives a shit about eu gun law . 
  i know that shit, 
  true dat, 
  savage, 
  honestly ? 
  i don \u00b4 t want gun nor people around me , i just hate to know i am forbidden to own one , it is not about my security but about my personal laws , does it make sense : ) ? 
  tell it to eu officials, 
  hot intelligent single lithuanian women in your area *, 
  well not sweedish , in my coutry we got pretty liberal gun laws here in cz , but eu is doing their best to unarm all the citizens of eu . 
  it is not just a phase ! '',
