  i smell anschluss zeit in the air . 
  :d time to build a new empire . 
  this is a lot about a wealth inequality ... in cz where i live is this number relatively okay compared to other places , for example south africa got a lot of really poor people living near to a relatively rich one . 
  in cz we got a low salaries , but powerty rate is not that high ... 
  this is just how i see it , nothing i would like to lead some flame about . 
  also when reading your reaction you said nothing wrong in my eyes . 
  his sentence sounds racist , but he is pretty much right , wealth , education ... it all goes hand in hand, 
  okay !, 
  i really would like to but in my case it is more like respect especialy for building such a good cars . 
  i don \u00b4 t drink beer i am weird czech . 
  nothing is worse than hiding crippled personality behind the twisted logic of `` social justice '' . 
  fuck these psychos , next time they will kill someone for wearing too bling bling watches . 
  okay then :d, 
  i second that !, 
  slovakia is beautiful country with a economical potential . 
  thank you !, 
  nothing is nicer than positive informations based on the real numbers !, 
  you da real mvp my lego building friend !, 
  estonia even you are a bit scandinavia if it will make you happy . 
  i would like to say thank you for german rap my dear random german neighbour . 
  i would say we are not making it secretly at all . 
  we are pretty loud about it , atleast i am . 
  they got bears i like bears, 
  thank you for a nice words , and yes we know it . 
  d1 sucks * pro tip - you have to go atleast 135km/h then you should fly over concrete blocks . 
  germans are making us laugh what a time to be alive . 
  c \u00b4 mon it is not hard to beat at box fight paraplegic kid , albania you can do better i know it . 
  everyone does . 
  dayum it is nice to see such a kind people here , you can sing prata vetra \u00b4 s songs along a bonfire < 3, 
  bruh we scored well , or ... what if we are not counted as an ex-soviet country ?!, 
  shit is cray, 
  scientists !, 
  don \u00b4 t forget scientists !, 
  dang that is like 13 years back i just hope we improved a bit since then . 
  i hope for myselve, 
  what ?!, 
  i want some numbers that shit sounds crazy !, 
  pok\u00e9mon !, 
  that is what we would say to them . 
  nice plan , isn \u00b4 t it ? 
  lol you are trying hard . 
  i would pick some of the falco \u00b4 s song instead . 
  sounds like a nice day !, 
  why 'd you leave the keys upon the table ? 
  cold never bothered me anyway, 
  ha , same in the czech republic , brofist * we should be friends then we could complain together and be ~ ~ happy ~ ~ sad as fuck . 
  complaining is love complaining is life . 
  pok\u00e9mon, 
  power of satire is that , you can say true without the punishment . 
  every country should have a law simmiliar to this one , such a dick move from the eu officials . 
  this made me think about one song bo . 
  burham wrote . 
  that is part of state propaganda , always when there is some topic like this one you just pick your personal tailored expert that will suit to your state propaganda , they always got a handful of experts . 
  infidelish and check your privileges that is my thang, 
  ** ftfy ** * we like your germoney . 
  kurwa intensifies *, 
  that apostrophes though, 
  yeah it is not only about skoda . 
  how about psa or hyundai ? 
  exactly !, 
  no cars sold = we are fucked , except we got no eminem here :(, 
  sounds fishy, 
  yeah beying happy is state of mind not wallet  edit : thanks/dzi \u0119kuj\u0119 to u/studentofmrkleks for improving my poor vocabulary, 
  dat username doe !, 
  sometimes you have to be lost to find yourselve . 
  this guy knows what \u00b4 s up !, 
  man , as a czech i can tell you we welcome all westerners with a arms wide open . 
  and if you start talk about how much you hated to live in feminazi highly taxed , pro reffuge country maybe even local press will interview you for it . 
  `` know an irishman , came here for a holiday , liked it here , stayed and opened , yep you guessed it , a pub . 
  xd '' sounds like a story plot of new show on netflix, 
  and chilli ... 
  lol you wanted to write a cop but then it came to your mind king was not black . 
  just because your leader was stupid enough to allow destrying your country you instead of standing against it decided to blame poles . 
  that is how i see it . 
  this is exactly what i wrote times has changed and he is simply getting downvoted because he is applying the same logic in a pretty different situations . 
  you smart you loyal, 
  you are right , but this is a completely different situatuation and you should not apply the same logic here . 
  times has changed . 
  their governments are too afraid of brussel . 
  you make a problems , well next years no money from eu . 
  it just seems like a politicians from the smaller , least important coutries are just trying to do not make mighty germany angry again . 
  yeah !, 
  when it started they were talking only about a few hundreds . 
  now thousands . 
  you know how it would end up , don \u00b4 t you ? 
  eu can \u00b4 t make people to vote about something `` that '' serious , they let you vote only if there is not much to lose for the integrity of eu . 
  that is atleast as i see it ( i am not here to argue with anyone , have a nice day . ), 
  this . 
  so much this !, 
  as a fellow czech i remmember when parris attacks happened the first thoughts of some `` expert '' was `` oh no !, 
  we are afraid this will lead to a rising prefferences of right wing political party ! '', 
  about 138 people died and this so called `` expert '' was not afraid about own people and victims of terrorist , but about loosing of prefferences !, 
  such a shame . 
  nobody will change . 
  yeah producers got a massive finnancial injections from welfare . 
  i see it as a great location for some sort of post apocalyptic movie . 
  '' `` mad max the revenge of fallen romas '', 
  yeah man we are cherrypicking all that good nonradical hardworking immigrants and ever since then we don \u00b4 t have to protect women against horny mediaval psychos and ban different kinds of events due to a possible teroristic attacks :d, 
  nope , maybe at 90 \u00b4 s there was a problem with eastern european mafia , as my mum told me a gangs of bulgarians , russians , serbians or some other scums they came here and violently pushed locals to pay some sort of ransom , but as long as i know we got rid of this shit like years , years ago and we are pretty much safe country . 
  and now it will sound stupid but i have no idea if you have ever heard about a czech mafia yeah there probably is some kind of crimes ( tuneling , money loundery , officials asking for a bribes for a various number of reason ) , but nothing exceptional or big compared to other european countries .
