  thank you !, 
  thank you !, 
  they will do all the work !, 
  is it really that hard to understand ? 
  that does not bother me that is your german version, 
  thank you !, 
  seriously i really would like to know how it works, 
  this is the comedy that made me scared more than most of horror movies, 
  yes, 
  jano\u0161ik is thief and murderer ... time to go for popcorn, 
  `` i read it on reddit so it must be true '' you can use it but you wo n't because it sounds like some kind of genital herpes , right ? 
  you mean yugosparta ? 
  using of shortened term instead of czech republic would trigger me, 
  you mean former holy roman empire ? 
  ou re unny !, 
  you are funny and we care about your comments , have a nice day, 
  fuck these guys they had no idea how it will end up, 
  the problem is how exactly you will put certain question when asking ... it can make a huge difference on the result, 
  no stripper clothes involved ... we are missing a lot, 
  that must hurt :d, 
  ouch, 
  pretty much this , also notice his well picked nick name, 
  right , 
  nah i will give you another shot i am not eminem, 
  we just have to be that special snowflakes for some reason, 
  tell me about that, 
  it is not that hard , say ciao to your family , hug your cat , pack your bag , fill up your dacia and come here, 
  it is kinda funny how boring some of history lessons were compared to how much of violence they contained, 
  this is painfully true, 
  i am czech and i prefer wine, 
  pretty much this, 
  you are already practising at a one of deadly sins , good job !, 
  can confirm , based on my experience polish priests are pretty decent, 
  czech in czech out lol, 
  i kinda did tho, 
  this is not unusual , but i find it pretty contra productive , priest should be nice and humble and positive people not some assholes , how the fuck . 
  are they supposed to get people to the church with such a attitude ... 
  we got one of these guys , pretty popular and decent priest, 
  i can imagine you could go pretty far just with that, 
  same in czech , we would say `` tis\u00edcer\u00e9 d\u00edky '' but it is not that much used tho, 
  pok\u00e9mon, 
  creepy poles and shit what a time to be alive, 
  why are you even doing this ? 
  it would be way easier for us to understand once you will use \u011b , \u0161 , \u010d , \u0159 , \u017e , \u00fd . 
  still nothing to brag about tho, 
  yep, 
  same here ... some people should not be allowed to drink i know it on my own i know people that are kinda jerks on their own let alone drinking but once when they start it makes everything even worse . 
  yeah i totaly get what you mean , let 's just say in some examples alcohol pretty much volumes agressivity , i really was not trying to apologize his behavior and i also think he is a piece of shit . 
  that is the spirit, 
  pretty much this , fuck this human scum in general no matter their nationality, 
  this needs a helluva fantasy, 
  or drunk ... 
  finally !, 
  you can give them some flowers on their graves if you insist ... 
  you should fell weird it sounds just wrong , sincerely your czech, 
  as a someone who used to go to a mostly girl class i beg to differ, 
  you mean niemczy ? 
  yeah but we consist of three parts, 
  nah thanks we good, 
  or czechlands, 
  welcome to the country where only slovak girls live , welcome to slovenkia, 
  i always find it funny how 's someone who is not czech shocked we feel credited to comment our own name, 
  it was not needed , some asshole just wanted to look progressive and not useless so he came with this bullcrap word, 
  b\u00f6hmen and m\u00e4hren sounds for me as a czech way better czechia sounds like some kind of genital herpes, 
  it will never be a mistake to use full term at the first place so what is then point ? 
  and you know what comes after german humor ? 
  i do n't, 
  that is my secret i am always dissapointed : /, 
  not with your attitude, 
  14 fucking days !, 
  lol now that is comeback you coulda came with something better yo, 
  krokodil is pretty much just low quality heroin if i recall, 
  well putin was talking about positive changes in 2017 so here we are now, 
  cool !, 
  small step that matters, 
  i bet you say klobaskas instead of klob\u00e1ska, 
  thanks for enlightening me, 
  # #allpiratesarebeautiful #pirateslifesmatter #pirateswithoutpilates, 
  lol :d gib me some of these aryan looks plox, 
  who the fuck calls austria balkan ? 
  dog meat is pretty expensive and hard to get these times , #fuckeu, 
  you can take the first place , this time, 
  okay , 
  haters gon na hate , hate , hate , hate , my ass gon na shake , shake , shake, 
  this guy above you is just deluded ... with logic like this we could deffend pretty much everything, 
  czech republic ? 
  yeah more than happy for same shameless self promo my friend https://www.instagram.com/hotarautomotiveart/, 
  my goal for this year is to buy some decent car and do a road trip around europe , but you are right it kinda scares me to see someone total their car in the few seconds on the ring even more if it is not even their fault , crushing car like 1200km from home is my nightmare , i do a car sketches and i did some porsches for a guy who totaled his 964 on the ring, 
  man i have spend stupidly big amount of time watching all that meganes rs and m beemers on touristenfahren on the ring :d also vids from goodwood that is some good shit for me , 
  damn that is nice answer i am glad you are also into motorsport ( it seems like it ) thank you for taking your time and answering :d, 
  my grand dad had to move out of country after he came back from france where he served as a german soldier , my granny was called german bastard a few times ( she was not even speaking german ) and was raised only by its mother which is sad i think ... and i am pretty sure there is number of other families that got split by a benes secretaries, 
  that is like your opinion dude, 
  no problem ... 
  i will also ask just imagine me being a potential tourist in france what place would you recommend to me left paris aside . 
  i was already thinking about to see the le mans races in the future, 
  if we are talking about whole country in general i really prague as the most desirable place to visit , ostrava ? 
  not that much , it is heavily poluted industrial city . 
  we also got a number of castles around the country and pretty nice countryside , i kinda like it here , it is safe here ( even for french tourists like you lol ), 
  i am from ostrava :d i can see nothing punable about it : /, 
  damit i see that , i just expected something dieper,
