  this is pretty much usual how we are not always 100 % if it was suicide or not , i would not be surprised if the real rates of suicides would be like two times higher there is no one who would admit his loved one commited suicide it is always better to say that he took too much pills or did not seen that pillar of bridge that to admit real reasons . 
  i am like that guy with gun without alcohol and weed except i got no gun , live sucks already no reason to build a new adictions then, 
  you know ... one does not simple to get into a writting of nordic literature when the sun is shining, 
  you don \u00b4 t need to watch suicide squad you are living it !, 
  yeah nothing beats having whathas left from you after cremation spreaded somewhere near to austrian borders . 
  starring at you poland *, 
  i am in !, 
  nice try, 
  do a flip !, 
  but to be honest i find it nice to read for once comments here that are not influenced by politic situation in europe right now, 
  you just got banned from r/hungary, 
  who is laughing now mum ?!, 
  ehm i like you too of course , bine ? 
  you know what ? 
  fuck him there is no reason to waste time on such a close minded cumbucket fuck him and his squad !, 
  nice to hear that fellow eastern european !, 
  i know what is going on and now excuse me i have to revitalize some odometers of that shiny shiny bavarian beemers . 
  lol bruh it is same in czech rep. 
  yeah never driven in winter yet surprisingly with a spare set of winter tyres in price . 
  if i were romanian i would be triggered af rn . 
  i hope you are writing this from jail you sick fucker, 
  okay at least i tried : /, 
  lol, 
  or he can already stay in prague, 
  nicely said, 
  i know this one , 
  tommy kash is trying hard to get that slavic gefilung, 
  is that tommy kash ? 
  enough is enough, 
  not that is transfargasar, 
  yeah i know question is what should i do right now ? 
  do you have some idea ? 
  i even know a people with college still working this kind of job here . 
  holy shit this is not even something overly dramatic , they really did that , fuck them, 
  holy shit that would be cool for czech rep. to be named as `` the former principality of the holy roman empire '', 
  blink twice if they got your family, 
  or kefap, 
  thanks for the info !, 
  how dare ya ? 
  loool you were serious , i was thinking about to visit your country as a part of my roadtrip , would you recommend it ? 
  sometimes when people ask you about your opinion they just want their own opinion beying said by someone else ... 
  tell me about that, 
  you trying to tell me koran is cook-book or nah ? 
  dayum , totaly not halal if you ask me, 
  polished wheels lol, 
  everytime you write that word instead of the czech republic, 
  like when you want to go for vacation out of finland yet also do not want other people to know that . 
  same in czech republic what is worse people in rule of these companies will rather cry out in local media about how they can not find a good workers for 500 per month and looking at us as we are ungratefull and lazy and comparing us to bulgarians ( no offense ) than to just solve whole problem and rise salaries for a bit , czechs are not good at striking and actual standing for themselves ( i am not talking about bitching about everything in pub ) so we probably kinda `` deserve '' this . 
  as an european reading this makes me uncomfortable i feel sorry for you to have to cope with such a scum . 
  human race ? 
  cheap alcohol serving hookers for suomi, 
  fanatics likes to fuck with democracy as long as it means only possitive things for them, 
  maybe they should go integrate back to the place they came from, 
  they are shortminded, 
  i just realized you are from silesia same as me, 
  that is easy to recall that could work, 
  such a weird name for club, 
  how about the name of club we are in ? 
  can i buy some drink here once when i am here ? 
  haha totaly !, 
  sorry for not beying funny, 
  have you are seen a piano of stevie wonder ? 
  he neither, 
  good one !, 
  okay !, 
  you got some better joke ? 
  okay !, 
  sorry for ruining your joke : /, 
  i am sorry enlighten me plz, 
  what ? 
  my hands are cold, 
  shut up tony danza, 
  yeah we need to abuse these fuckers way more, 
  that was burned it kurwa hurts, 
  maybe we should cover with some blanket these deluded wannabe moralists, 
  quran is like cooking book you do not have to read all recipes  you just pick what you like the best, 
  r/totalyunexpected r/spanishinquisition, 
  same as with palestina , european funds , 
  haram af if you ask me, 
  give it a few days they need some more time to produce new heartwarming stories, 
  so you wan na tell there will be no vaginas for our migthy leader ? 
  how about `` flying waffles '', 
  he will be forced to eat krowky, 
  yeah nice, 
  there is more reasons to embargo turkey than russia right now, 
  kanye would be proud, 
  do not forget about women only special forces, 
  brutal, 
  white truck laws to be more exact, 
  yeah !, 
  we should forbid the black market !, 
  til : polska can into nordic, 
  yeah women and cheap beer are nice aspects but that pronounceable language sold it for me, 
  they are afraid ... they will only loose in future , last week turkey lost its last chance this won \u00b4 t end up well : / sadly, 
  this is too crazy and brutal change ... if there is some kind of `` how-to '' book about building a dictatorship erdogan is following all the rules . 
  i don \u00b4 t want to be that guy and say that but this is not going to end up well . 
  not even putin would do stuff like this ... 
  i mean not this fast , erdogan is hella crazy psycho, 
  no way i like kebabs lizards, 
  964 was the best of nine elevens !,
