  i was trying to make pun , sorry, 
  even two is too much, 
  you wish, 
  not only nice whole country, 
  yeah for example ukraine, 
  i do n't get it bro . 
  i am sorry, 
  i am always saying `` bene\u0161 degrees '' were not fair based on experience of my family, 
  i think just saying thank you is not enough for what your nation did . 
  ask india, 
  it is just a joke , i was in romania and i really liked your countryside . 
  i will say it again , this is awesome even more for me as i got only a good experiences with dutch people . 
  you just assumed he has got brain in the first place, 
  sandwich, 
  here we go again !, 
  looool, 
  i had no idea we the czechs and slovaks are not the only nations to enjoy this adorable show , i find it cool . 
  no you did not , nothing makes you obliged to answer , it was your choice, 
  amen !, 
  ehm i mean omina !, 
  okay !, 
  the question is if you accept his early books or later crazy ideas, 
  people how are flipping arguments about iq are mostly a bit odd, 
  calm down he is just copy pasting , do not take it seriously, 
  he was not this kind of black, 
  more like phew phew phew, 
  and isis, 
  you just got banned from r/pingpong, 
  this, 
  here we go reddit !, 
  i would like to see this spoken person trying to escape from the scene, 
  `` co dzieje sie '' = `` what is going on '', 
  that was also that guy from who volunteered as a fireman on 9/11 , right ? 
  good one !, 
  as a czech who is knwon of this tradition i can see why , carp just does not taste good . 
  exactly !, 
  if you will call drinking rampage an invasion ... 
  latest update : tank ended up sold on parts on bazos.sk by a guy called gejza orgov\u00e1n, 
  ad some paprika and we are good, 
  exactly !, 
  and they found it `` somehow '' offensive lol, 
  ehm ... thank you ? 
  huh at least you know we exist which is nice, 
  nice !, 
  there are only two groups : either you like pussy or are pussy, 
  make pussy great again !, 
  naw this is not the first time here i apologized for my wrong assumptions , 
  okay !, 
  maybe i am wrong , sorry, 
  isis when following same logic destroyed historical relicts in rakka , nice work !, 
  edit : i was wrong , sorry, 
  obviously not behind a thin trees, 
  give me few euros per month and i will pray for him as if he were my sick cat, 
  it always gets me pissed when reading some article from uk about `` czechs '' who did something unethical when these `` czechs '' does not even speak czech, 
  pretty much always when was my house robbed it was gypsies : / already been robbed of our car , few bikes , lawnmover , phone , metal ... and i could continue ( i don \u00b4 t wan na ), 
  hi from ostrava , this pretty much fits i always have to check twice if the doors of my house are propperly locked , fuck this constant feel of fear . 
  it is dacia sandero !, 
  funny how we are on par even in this ... 
  nah i can take, 
  lol :d, 
  have you ever been in romania ? 
  lol 2016 and we need statements like this . . 
  i mean is this is like for real ? 
  as a a czech i have to admit we do it as well :d, 
  yep, 
  what a concidence !, 
  i was working on nato days two years ago, 
  based on the map i am not sure if we should learn german or you czech :d, 
  i don \u00b4 t know how to work with this information, 
  so does that mean we can be slavs together ? 
  i am in my new brother !, 
  let \u00b4 s get wasted together !, 
  as a czech i am pleased to read someone find us cool enough to share same country with . 
  ahoj to new citizen , from ostrava, 
  til polan can into metro, 
  why not ? 
  you will like it ! ... 
  after all if you had any other choice, 
  we did it reddit | !, 
  they look like kriminalnici from mechanical orange, 
  only reason we are not living is same country is austria . . seriously i find slovenia stupidly similar to slovakia and czech rep.  have a nice day our little and always better brother, 
  sorry we can \u00b4 t afford it : /, 
  i am czech and you are right, 
  yeah as you said if want to receive certain answers your will ask certain way, 
  hola hola mister fancy schmancy who does not value real czech gold enough :d, 
  someone who has nothing to lose, 
  i do n't want to be rude but your nickname pretty much describes it, 
  same, 
  ukraine is john cena of eu, 
  we did reddit !, 
  here in czech republic you are more edgy if you show publicly as a religious person, 
  new map who dis ? 
  i am more that glad to hear that !, 
  just the fact people like you still live in turkey is giving me a bit of hope , even tho i know that your country is going down the drain right now, 
  lmao, 
  there are dozens of us !, 
  dozens !, 
  thank you for your interesting insight, 
  you should not tell her :d, 
  why so ?
