  sneaky lizard kebabs and shit this is getttin out of my hands, 
  put your tinfoil hats on , my friends !, 
  stahp now !, 
  and now i got offended !, 
  no reason to have a name that sound like some sort of std : / have a nice day !, 
  thanks i will totaly use that word tomorrow or overmorrow, 
  yeah !, 
  totaly !, 
  now i am more like a fan of romantic comedy, 
  yeah i demand new one !, 
  i thought we can do better than 10 % : /, 
  what is chezia ? 
  damn you made me remember when i was 14 years old , edgy and totaly impressed of fight club / not like it has something to do with your comment /, 
  that is sad , but if it was possible where would you go ? 
  i am thinking a lot about this ... but after all i have no idea which country to choose . 
  damn why not btw i dig your nick name pretty fitting i think, 
  sweet !, 
  nah only if it was that easy : /, 
  na ja my almost german freund , gute alten zeiten what can i say ... honestly even b\u00f6hmen und m\u00e4hren sounds besser . 
  thank you for not beying a dick !, 
  except czechia does not sound czech nor english ... 
  this is exactly what happened fuck them !, 
  stop please !, 
  nope we are still czechs and czech republic is still relevant name of my country !, 
  i hate that new word !, 
  czech republic ? 
  3k minimum and that is just for you bro, 
  tell it to slovaks :d, 
  lost soul here !, 
  where the fuck can i sign that shit ? 
  hasselhoff !, 
  hasselhoff, 
  this was just a something richard hammond said it is not like i don \u00b4 t know what is going on, 
  just yet , lol, 
  you got me at bananas i am totaly sold out, 
  czech republic plz *, 
  czech republic . 
  plz *, 
  shots fired white flag appeared soon after that, 
  well that is what happens when you come somewhere only to make money , as would rihanna say you just work work work, 
  geez you invented camps, 
  no germoney for ya yunge, 
  du du hast, 
  romanians stealing jokes ... classic, 
  thank you for your submision we will surely think about it, 
  this is not humour this is more like sch\u00e4denfreude , pretty primitive if you ask me, 
  i am not sure i a ready for such a experience, 
  do not forget o-zone !, 
  maybe these people who gifted you with cahor think the same and that is why have not drinked it on their own, 
  how broke are you now after these two days ? 
  i bet you had to sell even your old reddit account, 
  yeah this pretty much fits , i liked his videos and was taking him seriously and then i have seen a `` migrant crysis '' video and it made me question his work . 
  true that, 
  i mean like our president is flipping crazy alcoholic but no one takes him seriously but when i see your president i feel like `` dang this could end up badly '', 
  damn that is some dedication here !, 
  not sure every country has its garbage it would be stupid to deny that  even czech republic, 
  i remember to read this comment !, 
  i pretty much agree with your point of view on polish language hah also i am kinda surprised you are able to take appart czech/slovak language and find differencies :d, 
  i am native western slav i can \u00b4 t tell difference between these languages all i know is that macedonian is something that would be for me more complicated to learn than german , well i would describe it just as a least understandable slavic language, 
  this is exactly how that shit worked for us, 
  i have heard czech sounds funny to poles i dunno why tho, 
  duh it is not that hard , when serb speak you can see azbuka in the wind, 
  as a czech / western slav / i can \u00b4 t tell you difference between like half of other slavic languages , i also find your language pretty nice to listen it seems to me you speak in similar way we do i remember to listen to romanian radio station and as i was not paying attention to what they are actually talking about it was no that much different to my language ( again i am talking about the way you speak really not about the language itself ), 
  i get your points and reaction but yet i still think u/creatings is pretty much right, 
  this guy from turkey just gave me a bit of optimism it is nice to see there are still normal people in turkey, 
  i don \u00b4 t know ... how about to do not even collect these money from taxpayers in future could not it also help to `` inject '' pretty much everything ? 
  you okay buddy ? 
  this is cheap, 
  with blackjack and hookers, 
  why ? 
  it is not changed i have seen this misleading articles i do not blame you  it is just another option czech republic is still beying used i see it as a more official word , but what is important czechia does not sound czech not even remotely nor english i just don \u00b4 t see why should anyone like to use that term . 
  as a czech i have to agree i would like apologize for some of my brainwashed fellow natives, 
  as a czech i have the same oppinion , these people complaining on a bad quallity polish food just don \u00b4 t get that they got what czech supermarkets ordered and poles delivered if they are really stupid enough to blame poles of it then they probably deserve to eat that low quality shit . 
  you probably don \u00b4 t get it , czech supermarkets got only what they ordered , you should not blame the poles for this i am telling you this as a czech who is very often buying food in the poland and that food is generaly in a good quallity . 
  that is exactly what he does and surprisingly big amount of stupid people is eating him that shit . 
  shame, 
  why you used term czechia is that some kind of std or what ? 
  next time stay with term czech republic, 
  this is exactly why i stayed with term czech republic, 
  they are beautiful ehm sorta ... 
  well if you go long enough on the left you will be on the right, 
  turkey is like a state where is foxnews in lead of everything . 
  lol someone misspronounced `` producers of hybrid automobiles need '', 
  i call my country \u010cesk\u00e1 republika , i don \u00b4 t get where is the problem do you really need to save that 0.5 second of writting republic or what ? 
  that new weird word czechia does not sound czech nor english . . it sound russian it is like a name of some std like chlamydia, 
  exactly !, 
  stay with the word czech republic, 
  stay with * plz, 
  please stay with more official term czech republic, 
  he likes to suck putin \u00b4 s cock since he helped him to get into office yet he still kinda need some pro-eu cocks , he is very cock opened , 
  same in czech language, 
  poor gypsies living on life support making kids ... why am i saying that ? 
  because i know some good one properly integrated in societty yet still beying a part of gypsy community then there is a question why some of them can be like the rest but 95 % can \u00b4 t ? 
  by the way what are your experiences with gyspies ? 
  i live in a city with quite a big gypsy community and even know some so i feel like i have credit to give you some worthfull info you seem to be that guy with a good intentions trying to apply some kind of logic that works in your head but without any bigger experiences with actual issue , this is not an offensive reaction ... 
  i just want to know where are you at when it comes to this problem ... 
  except this new word sounds stupid, 
  nope we don \u00b4 t we are not using it . 
  it does not sound czech we are western slavs . 
  please do not use it .
