  czech republic plz keep up with it , 
  it is okay to cover the logos as long as they payed germans when they bought it . 
  i can imagine to see this kind of behaviour of someone with down not from a someone who should represent whole country, 
  for a good reasons, 
  i don \u00b4 t know reddit , but are all these officials from turkey like mentaly challenged or i missed something ? 
  they got city and they turned it into a ghetto, 
  cool crucial question , is you squating on minarets ? 
  central europeans *, 
  half ? 
  does that mean you feel the need to remove kebab every second day ? 
  cool , i had no idea about turkish slavs, 
  what ? 
  you are talking about how it look at your family reunions or what ? 
  yeah as a czech i do not feel any closer to bellarusians or bulgarians than to for example spaniards . 
  damn how that shit works ? 
  # shortminded, 
  mr hockeyist, 
  never say never, 
  also because of security reasons no one wants to invade a something that is not even able to pronounce, 
  can italy into empire ? 
  nah that will never work, 
  dude i love cakes , well unfortunately it is not hard to recognize it on my body . 
  i would like to be caked but only if i can choose the cake of my attacker, 
  what if ... 
  we should watch her oppinion properly and then do the exact opposite . 
  such a shame rip cake you will be missed, 
  woah !, 
  that is what we need right now !, 
  burn the factories and buy some strawberries !, 
  i guess quite a share of them came from the romania maybe they are weeping because of nostalgy . 
  it is called a culture of fear and it helped governments all around a world to take away a right of a millions of people in the name of greater good and this guy is eating it and even for more :d, 
  this guy should not own a gun he is too easily triggered, 
  poortugal * you see ? 
  i have been told that we got pretty liberal laws yet there is nothing like a big gun movement , i am not the owner of a gun but i don \u00b4 t feel like i got a credit to tell other people what to do . 
  in the eu there is always a tendency to change the laws even if they are pretty much okay , but i am not quite sure there it would be for a good . 
  i just like to think i got a choice to own a gun even if i won \u00b4 t use it . 
  i like that argument `` we don\u02c7t like guns they should be banned ! '', 
  okay then !, 
  nobody is forcing you to buy one , what is the deal , then ? 
  i don \u00b4 t like mustard should i force you to stop eat mustard then ? 
  do not forget about all these polish cars using walkie talkies and huuge antennas , 
  yeah , kinda off topic . . 
  i am shipping my works as a form of personal letter and is it weights only about 140g it really is not that bad , i remember when my friend shipped some sweets and candy to the korea and payed like 80 dollars for something that was worthen about 15 dollars , crazy :d, 
  i am shipping to the states quite often my drawings and it cost about 8 dollars this should not be that much different . 
  yeah i think it would taste pretty average , maybe if you would llike to i could ship you empty bottle , but it sounds probably stupid :d, 
  you mean kef\u00fchrer ? 
  :d i was thinking about to buy one for a no good reason :d, 
  saudi is that one kid you should not let your children play with, 
  this is actually a new information for me , thank you !, 
  hungry serbs and sarcastic ukrainians what a chat to be a part of :d, 
  thank you for this kind of answer i will defifnetely google that book  by the way you made me remember about some teachers without any sense of humour i was that guy with bad sense of humour , but after all i felt bad for these sad creatures without any sense . 
  man i like your comments !, 
  p\u00f3zdro based on your comment you that guy who would made even staying at concentration camp sorta funny , depressive yet still funny, 
  maybe it would describe better our officials who voted for that shit, 
  country preffer does not equal prime minester and his squad , your sentece is still wrong as you are talking in my name . 
  catchy alternative ? 
  why not go further and use chlamydia ? 
  there is no eu in this field , just angela telling us what is right and bad for us . 
  could you please stop with reading only the headlines of articles ? 
  with love from czech republic , 
  brown ist ze kalour fe niid :d, 
  cheap beer and bacon , if i were a terrorist i would not go further :d, 
  good job !, 
  does it work ? 
  soundsystem ? 
  and word dollar, 
  nice combo, 
  here we go again :d, 
  yeah that could be it, 
  i second that, 
  but slovenia look more like a beta version of austria than serbian brother :d, 
  this one hits the home :d, 
  there is a one weird thing i have see a way more slovenians compared to slovaks here ( but not only here ) it is weird there should be two times more slovaks . 
  still don \u00b4 t get it . 
  but maybe slovenians just really like to chat on the internet . 
  that is the reality :d, 
  but it would be also fair to say that poles really participated at the whole process of this genocide and dissliked jews tho, 
  3 , 2 , 1 ... but we are central europe vole !, 
  where can i get this kind of job ? 
  dat escort bruh, 
  that is not bad at least they know we exist , 
  i ran out of punny jokes , czech this one, 
  made in germany with two years garancy, 
  polonize - die on the results of radiation, 
  i like this one / czech republic / [ paulie garand & kenny rough - z\u00e1zrak feat . 
  supa ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pfwzkwlxig0 ), 
  lmao, 
  ... sound of silence ... 
  my washing mashine is just visiting her mother :(, 
  lol they confuse you with the hungary, 
  no juan cares about spaniards :(, 
  damn i like you analogy , now go pet your cat, 
  you are really funny !, 
  now go drink !, 
  damn as a czech this would totaly piss me i feel sorry you have to deal with such a scum, 
  why should even europe came out with africa plan ? 
  they are not children they can take care about themselves . 
  thanks fellow european citizen :-), 
  this guy does nothing, 
  for a once i would rather blame bad searching eingine than germans .
