lol, 
  | t is like when you offer to your friends your favourite kind of candy when you know they do not like your candy at all so you will look as a good and generous person while beying just clever . 
  czechia sounds like some sort of sti , chlamydia or something , really not a proper name for any country , i will stay with more serious and official name czech republic . 
  we are using term \u010cesko , sufix `` ia '' does not sound even remotely czech nor english , i always like to say i am not that busy to need save 0,5 second while writting czechia instead of the czech republic . 
  also czech lands sounds pretty nice . 
  everything is better than czechia , but czech republic does not sound bad tho . 
  that movie was pure gold, 
  four lions anyone ? 
  two mass shoothings per 16 years does not sound like a reason to change the laws, 
  ernest , do not do that !, 
  that sounds pretty progressive tho, 
  i got like three dolla , deal ? 
  water is wet lol :d, 
  maybe ... 
  nothing surprising adolf hitler was named `` person of the year '' in 1938 by a magazine time . 
  congrats turkey !, 
  you are better than paraplegic kid !, 
  it is like to challenge dissabled kid bruh , we are no real winners in this game :(, 
  it is kinda funny as i see ability to fight against tanks with swords on horseback as a sign of braveness, 
  good, 
  and that is good , recht ? 
  blooody monarchy ruining our economy !, 
  basement ? 
  we still talkin \u00b4 about austria , recht ? 
  thanks for enlightening me , i had no idea such a thing can have this kind of background , now it makes sense . 
  you okay polan ? 
  this or beer , as you said it could be worse, 
  seriously i don \u00b4 t know what you did them to deserve this reputation, 
  all about that clickbait headlines bruh ... 
  and e-tumor ... 
  i think you got that one , 
  native as fuck, 
  this reminds me of tv show shameless, 
  populist is now on the list of zmrdspeak, 
  rekt, 
  yeah they are very creative when it comes to giving a bad name to their class enemy . 
  seeing your flag makes your comment way , way better :d, 
  as a czech i see it same . 
  i was thinking about to visit baltic countries but now i feel i have seen it all, 
  assuming right, 
  does it mean file sharing is worse than rape ? 
  if not why such a draconic punishment then ? 
  all you have to do is showing your tits, 
  nah , move on move on everything is okay, 
  aye lmao sounds like a plan, 
  nah man that is okay , i am czech i have no idea what am i talking about  but we should deffinetely build some wall, 
  let \u00b4 s drink vytaautas and build some wall !, 
  thanks, 
  yeah, 
  hah i don \u00b4 t even remember about our participants , btw how is it i see slovenians like everywhere i mean like you are such a small country , but i swear i have see here more slovenians that slovaks or ukrainians, 
  sounds like a plan, 
  you should build some wall, 
  exactly !, 
  we are not special in not giving a fuck about eurovision, 
  man why would do that ? 
  are you really that busy you have to save yourself a 0,5 second of your life of writting republic ? 
  i find it pointless to even think about it . 
  czech republic sounds better , czechia is just another less official option , it does not even sound czech ... 
  well i mean like it is your oppinion dude, 
  i have not heard that much but if i recall right it was about to pick an artist who will fit into something that would russian propaganda highly approve , someone who will be very pro russian . 
  i am not sure how much it is true, 
  yeah !, 
  i have heard about russian trying to pick the best representant, 
  they got the balls because angela literally served them for free . 
  but where ? 
  | poland is the best poland in the poland !, 
  that is because he is fat ? 
  i have no idea what is he talking about , in czech rep. it is mostly ignored , but again i am not sure if we are even counted as a eastern europe . 
  that is sad brat :(, 
  i find it always funny how when here in czech rep. they are trying to pick some artist they mostly go for something mainstream and boring , then you can see kab\u00e1t surrounded by a bellarusian naked dude dancing with wolves and austrian bearded women . 
  like czechs does not even get the concept of that stupid show and try to take it seriously . 
  and also because i like to laugh along with canadians and americans to other european nations that take a part in it . 
  little bit of good old schadenfreude . 
  i hope that czech republic won \u00b4 t participate either . 
  yeah , that is because you can not sell at child market brown kids to native norwegians as easily as a kids of poles lol, 
  sounds like a plan, 
  pls stop :(, 
  and drugs ... 
  '' * i do n't feel comfortable of using her real name or showing her face in any pictures on the interwebs . 
  * '' sign of a good parent, 
  yeah i get your point i felt a bit coffused because i really tried to get why they like it and all about that appeal i mean like there must be some reason why they like it that much and for me it is just a layer of weirdness and when you uncover that layer of weirdness you will find just another layer of weirdness . 
  just something i have to say i have met some guy from slovakia and we talked a bit and i told him how stupid it seems to be for me and he looked angry a bit and said to me that it can not be stupid because it watch so many people in the whole europe i was like wtf ?!, 
  it does not even make a sense . 
  lol nicely summed up , i would take my guess and say we in this share the same oppinion as the people from the states . 
  as you said , it has some good artists i really liked for example alexander rybak or the lordi and i also liked that idea of diversity and difference of every each participant , but as a slovak you have pretty much same stance as i do it is just too crazy and extravagant for us . 
  bono is like madonna with cock . 
  i can \u00b4 t wait to hear him singing with eric clapton . 
  czech rep. does not even give a shit and just does not get a whole concept of this stupid show . 
  just saying, 
  one does not simple work with the theory of panslavism when the rest of slavs does not want to have anything in common with russia for me as a czech is russia culturaly pretty different than ar we , 
  yeah !, 
  i really don \u00b4 t get it why someone needed to look productive and just came with this stupid idea after a few bootles of slivovitze ... it is all pointless, 
  nope it is not . 
  as a someone from the czech republic deffinetely not czechia eww it sounds like a name of some stripper . 
  i am glad we are still czech republic ... 
  then delete it and upload again , everything is better than this , thanks for reaction . 
  r/brazzy42 change your headline please !, 
  czech republic was not renamed , czechia is just another option and using czech republic is still right . 
  hey , i like this answer, 
  tips fidorka,
