  and then again !, 
  muhehehe , sincerely your satan, 
  thanks !, 
  i feel delighted, 
  really ? 
  what it is ? 
  censorboat or censoryacht, 
  composer and yes also cream ... 
  talk about it with dutch people, 
  i would say trump is faking it to gain votes of stupid people , but zeman does not even have to . 
  lol :d good one, 
  i am not even mad i came here for trump and that is exactly what i got . 
  sounds like a very czech way of dodging the bullet , i mean like hard to even shot your enemy when you are drunk after drinking with them . 
  this one funny german, 
  now we are talking, 
  man i was exaggerating as you said i also don \u00b4 t get why they are so salty about it . 
  til : if you are pro-brexit you want to see germany burning, 
  seriously , this is fucking weird i see a surprisingly big amount of germans here who thinks eu is their thang and also act like anyone who is against eu has a sort of personal attack against germany itself . 
  as would dj khalled say u.k. mighty germany don \u00b4 t want you to win . 
  okay germany i get it you want us to be a one big working family of nations working as one but is it neccesary to wish anyone with different oppinon all that nasty stuff as reccesion ? 
  c \u00b4 mon you can do better . 
  that is like your oppinion, 
  czechen republic lol :d nice try, 
  i don \u00b4 t feel like danzig, 
  good old familly cellars, 
  this is getting out of the hand some say even saudi australia is back at it again . 
  that . 
  not a single gramm given, 
  as far as i know | czechs and estonians love to use that label . 
  somebody call the ambulance !, 
  when everyone is triggered noone is triggered, 
  drinking vodka vytaautas, 
  lol this one was good , you are a one funny lithuanian i have to write it down, 
  i would go with kartofle, 
  why i am not shocked ? 
  to let us know how fucked up this world is, 
  there was a legend of pavl\u00edk morozov child from the good old soviet era who snitched on his own parents :d not sure if it was for real . 
  but it sounds stupid enough to be true . 
  i would say cultural or economical diferencies , but i dunno, 
  yeah same in czech m\u00edr = peace, 
  maybe i am weird but i find it cool . 
  yeah !, 
  rekt , i remember to be called as a that guy from check republic . 
  i want to stay with czech republic , sorry if i was not clear enough . 
  lol or ceckoslovakia, 
  why should we do something just because everyone other does ? 
  czeszska sounds polish and i can \u00b4 t imagine to learn us to use it and czechland does not convey all the regions i would say okay to czechlands ... 
  we are not the only one . 
  how about dominican republic ? 
  yeah t\u0161ehhi sounds okay !, 
  i don \u00b4 t want to get used to it . 
  you can get used to do meth . 
  i am happy that i am not the only one with this stance . 
  fuck these people !, 
  yeah !, 
  even queen loves us !, 
  but who would like czechia ? 
  terrorists ? 
  exactly !, 
  or like some random country from movie of sasha baron cohen . 
  goddamn even ceckoslovakia sounds better than this . 
  this is a special level of confused, 
  the main problem is not in slovenia or slovakia , but the fact that just a person as berlusconi used to be a premier of anything . 
  we are important ^ in ^ his ^ charts, 
  if i will think about it even when i look at your currency , history or flag you are like twins . 
  you go hard bruh !, 
  all tru shirt here . 
  as you said man , what is sad for me i am still kinda suspicious about whole `` low quality polish food '' i am not good at conspiracies but i would bet it was whole made up and exagerated because of some local companies that simply does not like to have rivals on the czech food market ( i can pretty much imagine mr. babi\u0161 to do that ) . 
  as long as i know polish food pretty well i would say they are producing food in same or better quality than we do . 
  also personaly i got no problem with poles . 
  they are almost the same as we are . 
  yojo : you only jailed once, 
  man we are fucked :d, 
  sorry we ain \u00b4 t ready for czech filters on fb after some bataclan stuff will happen here . 
  our police forces are bad joke if you want you can pretty much sneak to the prague castle and meet president on your own . 
  i can \u00b4 t imagine our police force to fight against real terrorism . 
  nice try :d, 
  i like your username , it fits, 
  nah they are not rich enough for refugees , they came from the war zone but they got some standards you know ? 
  it sounds funny , but i have heard that for example in prague russian gangs has `` no war zone '' here . 
  nicely said, 
  yeah , it is kinda weird , but i can \u00b4 t find a good reason to hate other countries , we are okay i guess . 
  now kiss, 
  that is kinda say :(, 
  yeah this one is pretty popular in cz . 
  this guy is from ukraine he shit you not . 
  baby don \u00b4 t vase my, 
  and there, 
  nah we should never let islamists to vote for shakira law . 
  i love my bacon while watching movies with kevin bacon . 
  everything has changed after the last meatball manifestation . 
  yeah that is because of that shakira law ... 
  shakira law is not it something from 4 lions ? 
  i will use it in future . 
  probably mostly gypsies to be more specific ... 
  north korea best korea, 
  lithuanians building deathcamps and shit :d lol i love you guys, 
  i am afraid this tournament has already happened on krym . 
  yeah , you are right in this . 
  there were even some guys from the iraq they argued if is germany and sweeden practicaly the same country or not , they got no clue .
