  note : this is just my humble oppinion and i am not some expert on this field . 
  they are minerals !, 
  no shaped penises should be shown, 
  who likes to show it, 
  this was prolly borrowed from czech language, 
  hi , from ostrava and fuck this weather !, 
  nice try boy/s !, 
  so which one of them are you ? 
  just enough, 
  also possible, 
  geez with all that non seized marihuana they can get as high as empire state building, 
  as a citizen of czech republic i can make you sure for a once this map is not wrong, 
  this one is good, 
  saaaame, 
  yeah just use the word you find the best well except czechia that sounds like some kind of genital herpes, 
  then use it, 
  good !, 
  i am glad i am not the only one who does not like that word, 
  nice !, 
  czechlands sounds pretty neat, 
  finaly a good news, 
  yeah as you said if you say kolache here most of us will probably imagine that sweet version, 
  cuz there is more states in the usa than europe , texas and nebraska has also got quite a decent number of citizens with czech heritage, 
  lol this one fits better, 
  thank you in the name of my nation dear citizen of nebraska, 
  yeah even on the streets if you are willing to pay for watching it, 
  you are welcome !, 
  it is nice to know you like kol\u00e1\u010de i just wonder how much different your kolaches are compared to my grammy \u00b4 s one, 
  nebraska sounds kinda czech if i will think about it , like bandska or something, 
  i was kinda surprised to know nebraska has the biggest % of citizens with czech heritage ( source : wiki ), 
  and who is the father ? 
  no fuckin way lol, 
  hey teacher !, 
  leave the kids alone !, 
  i wish we all here could share this beautiful meme : /, 
  i am kinda surprised, 
  just make that guy an admin of r/incels fo \u00b4 god sake, 
  give it some time , same as with reffuges tho, 
  i gave you some karma plz do not tell germany about it . 
  this is just what i know i would put some other like stojka , banga , varga or some others, 
  not so funny fact : horvath is typical gypsy surname, 
  it brings money we can \u00b4 t complain tho, 
  it is not what it used to be, 
  but still it is only florida ... 
  that was the exact moment when time stoped beying relevant everything has changed for a tiny segment of time and everything started to make sense ... then . . it went back to normal, 
  true dat, 
  okay :( does that mean czech rep is not considered eastern europe ? 
  because we got a lot of typicaly european names yet i have no experience with czechs that would be named like this except for vladimir, 
  that does not sound romanian, 
  na ja true dat, 
  tell us, 
  for reals ? 
  serbian flag = kebab diss albanian flag = kebab fam , not that hard tho, 
  blue , white and red that is what the most of us rock, 
  yep : /, 
  that was literally the cheapest trick in the books, 
  yeah you get it right his stupid medial attack on polish food producers was based on beying a dick and trying to get approval of stupid slightly xenophobic part of czechs , fuck this guy , well at least he is not even czech, 
  dude i don \u00b4 t bame these people everyone needs someone to point fingers at . 
  good jack stayed at home imagine what a stuff they could smash if they were two, 
  cool !, 
  how about to set up some fine welcome party for our long lost bruders . 
  uk is throwing shades at you ... 
  they are going to feed us !, 
  geeez i am sold, 
  shots fired ... this time not on the kurds, 
  i don \u00b4 t think so, 
  why would you do that ? 
  cajk, 
  cajk, 
  otrok is in my language slave and not a kid, 
  krzak = bush ? 
  why would you do that ? 
  something about birdy in the cage , zdrav\u00edm p\u0159\u00e1tel\u00e9, 
  tell us more, 
  and my clay, 
  make poles pay for it in zloty !, 
  do not do that please, 
  yeah sure !, 
  use that term !, 
  it sounds better anyways, 
  who told them ? 
  for real who ? 
  my wild guess when asking about the reason of downvotes `` i am way smarter than average ( not that modest , true ) '' delete it and you are just fine , people does not like this kind of behaviour no matter if true or not . 
  this is true , when we are talking about our country i find it pretty cool how much we are mixxed with other nations and if i will think about it there is a lot of people who would not identify as a czechs ... / just my oppinion /, 
  same same, 
  question is do we as a europeans have a bigger moral responsibility to help them than russia or china ? 
  i am asking because it seems like we have no other option after mutti merkel decided in the name of whole eu without asking anyone else and then she took us on guilt trip . 
  another question : what will syria do without these people once when the war is over ? 
  question is why should we do that ? 
  just because we can it does not mean we should ... 
  no one can say you did not see it coming, 
  came here to read this , fucking shame for my country that this part of mafia is still allowed to exist here, 
  that was the part of the deal , no one can say we did not seen it comin \u00b4, 
  again ? 
  or slanina aka bacon, 
  this guy just heavily insulted our mothers !, 
  i would give a shot to pelargonia, 
  which is weird opinnion from someone who got married just to prove he ain \u00b4 t no homosexual, 
  i have read somewhere that about 30 % of casualties caused by a car accidents died on purpose i bet due to a complications of proving such a act these kind of deaths are now included in such a stats ... 
  i remember when i was last time in hungary how sad everything looked to me compared to slovakia or romania ( i mean mostly that stupidly boring landscape ),
