  are we so different or what ? 
  literally the first thing that came on my mind, 
  i think you misspelled taiwan . 
  how dare you ? 
  this guy photshops, 
  thanks our neighbor !, 
  nah we good, 
  yeah coke also costs more, 
  this is not gon na happen , we are like these family members that like to see each other on family celebrations we will drink with each other and have some fun but in the end we are more than glad to go home separately, 
  estonia into nordic ? 
  what a joke lmao , who else ? 
  norway ? 
  go to your room !, 
  robot was that word, 
  who is alabama then ? 
  :d no this guys literally misses you and is trying to find you, 
  i am glad i am not the only one , 
  lmao, 
  why are u krain ? 
  lmao, 
  in the history books :d, 
  pretty much, 
  i dunno how this happened mate : /, 
  nah we good, 
  dude what ? 
  we are really enthusiastic about getting lost and drown whenever we got a chance, 
  we live on tiny budgets making 500 euro per monat we got nothing to lose , you have to understand, 
  or also wander around somewhere \u0161pacirovat, 
  end of a shift , recht ? 
  same word here, 
  b\u00f6hmen can finally into meer, 
  i expected drunk content and got this instead :(, 
  also do not forget to pick up your kid from die kindergarten, 
  that is actually a good reason to give you gold, 
  czech republic will work , 
  i mean like i like cars i really do i just really think we should diversify our export portfolio other vise we will end up like detroit sooner or later :(, 
  it is always olaf that fucker, 
  people who actually work , small people as you and me : /, 
  nicely said !, 
  this is not the way they think most of them probably does not even think at all about pollitcs , most of them just wanted to see shit burn this is not about ideology i ca n't differ between these people and football rowdies , we should not use political statements ( they were left they were right meh we i dont care ) as a way to justify plain stupidity, 
  not here !, 
  and if there is something i will stay behind then this is it !, 
  lmao i love this site :d, 
  thanks !, 
  but ... there is always some but , there are people openly being against any kind of gods and higher powers and naming themselves atheists and sometimes these same people believe in weird shady shit and like to use tarot cards and do stupid stuff that is pretty much against usual atheistic attitude, 
  czech republic ftw !, 
  lmao, 
  pretty much everything i am writting here is mostly joke , please take my apologies i was not meaning it for real, 
  which is good, 
  latvia can into biblioteca, 
  one slun\u00e9\u010dko sedmite\u010dn\u00e9 for me you dirty peasants, 
  turkish name is very ... turkish, 
  ikea , volvo , husqvarna , they are probably interested in producing of krimi tv series that are pretty dark and depressive pretty much as they like it . 
  also they will always rape us in hockey tournaments . 
  thank you !, 
  i feel it the same, 
  omlouvam se , that was just a joke i am afraid i am also partly polish, 
  poles ? 
  czech republic and france pretty similar but i do n't mind, 
  austrians aka fake germans aka slavs in denial, 
  i do n't believe him . 
  it does not have to automaticaly mean these attempts came from mohammeds inc. , there is a decent chunk of psychos in every society, 
  dude latvia is not albania, 
  one can dream, 
  hey , thanks !, 
  polover :d, 
  that is the way i like it, 
  mayyybeee , but still totaly different stance from the major part of society compared to mohamed inc. 
  prove it, 
  44 it is, 
  that is sad, 
  hi 14 , i am dad, 
  yeah he is right ... we have to differ between action of country and individuals , no hate for average russians, 
  sings random words with kermit the frog voice, 
  yeah but prolly not this kind of people, 
  what is wrong with that ? 
  shrooms ? 
  i changed my voice everytime when buying bleach, 
  homeworks and terrorists should be finished, 
  how dare you ? 
  you can go with roky pretty much always except jeden rok, 
  pffff, 
  to prove his point, 
  88/88 would annex again, 
  cries is spanish, 
  well i was told even old mr. \u0160koda was kinda german so that is that ... 
  that is pretty cool, 
  soo much possitivity ... dziekujeeee bardzoo, 
  i would go with czechlands , full name czech republic is okay ... 
  i mean like i have never felt like i need to save 0,5 second when using shortened term ... 
  i do n't know what should i do with that free time ... maybe thinking about why it sounds like some kind of genital herpes :d, 
  upvoted, 
  for good reason ... that new word sounds like some kind of genital herpes, 
  do you also call dominican republic dominicania ? 
  10 times this !, 
  thank you !, 
  i call us that way becaue there is not other better option ... beside czechlands, 
  so do you think as a now ten years old your would enjoy it more ? 
  i find it cool like almost all places used to have also its german name . 
  like nesselsdorf or thormadorf,
