  how abour director of the shining ? 
  directed by milo\u0161 forman, 
  wtf ? 
  i am an ugly czech i can confirm, 
  thanks !, 
  yes we are , well this new word sounds like some kind of herpes that is it, 
  this ... and every thursday right in the time of opening there are huge fight over stuff in sale :d spectacular stuff to watch, 
  exactly, 
  i do n't know man why it failed in the czech republic, 
  the closest one to my house been closed and sold to tesco like few years ago and i have not seen any other spar whatsoever, 
  that is not actully that close by european standards, 
  does it still exist ? 
  in czech republic is kaufland known as the cheapest option ... penny is weird and always full of gypsies so my personal favorit is probably lidl, 
  i got very negative attitude towards pretty much everything i call myself czech republica n't, 
  dad , stop plz, 
  he just raped us twice in the ass, 
  :d you mean czech republic ? 
  / i know this is all joke, 
  nothing , they are used to it, 
  nice hobby back in a day if you ask me, 
  alcohol fumes are part of it , at least for me, 
  yeah and if it is possible with one ball, 
  this guy thrashes, 
  i am not sure slovenia would fancy this new country, 
  we are czechs ... not much of vodka for us, 
  another good point ... if we were together none would try to rape our countries name, 
  yeah our best king 3 , 
  seems like somenone does not know when to stop ... 
  why not !, 
  i am okay with that as i live in b\u00f6hmen, 
  yep i did some time ago askreddit thread and described my feelings . . and was told to calm down becuase nothing like renaming our country will never happen ... and then few months later it happend , well actually it is more like another alternative term , but i have to cringe always when is someone who is not even czech trying to convince me we completely changed our name, 
  i am czech leboral bruh, 
  thank you !, 
  yes !, 
  that was you ? 
  thank god, 
  that is better , it does not sound like some kind of genital herpes which makes it more fitting tha czechia, 
  that is okay !, 
   this nation would be only populated by women, 
  it just sounds like some kind of genital herpes which is enough i think, 
  i would rather watch this fam that keeping up with kardashians . 
  such a bombastic possibilities, 
  cumunism is gay as fuck tbh, 
  dad plz, 
  that is like your opinion dude ... 
  refugees ? 
  you don \u00b4 t have to they will do their best to do it on their own ... they did not risked their life to live somewhere in lodz and earn 600 euro per month ... 
  seriously if there is a chance to get away with something that is worse than two years of criminal i am going to be fabulos af no matter what . 
  fuck he did it !, 
  just wait , 
  pravda !, 
  yeah !, 
  i got that shit in my last name , tell me about that :d, 
  honestly ? 
  it was not that hard to learn that for me , but i would not expect other people to do so , we as a czechs does not use it at all and because of big cultural diferencies it is hard to find some kind of a reason to so . 
  i have not seen any russian , ukrainian movie or even a song here for a very long time . 
  actually we are slavs but when it comes to a history we are mostly very different to you : /, 
  yeah brat !, 
  that is what are you talking now :d, 
  but problem is russians are fucking with azbuka and most of other the slavs does not like that shit , you know tavarish ? 
  i even checked twice showed picture . 
  her titts seems to be pretty much okayish, 
  do your thang lil man, 
  this guy is dictator \u00b4 s dream he see us as his enemies, 
  pok\u00e9mon !, 
  i have read titties at first . 
  i like you because of it !, 
  i have never seen czech citizen mourning austran-hungarian empire , i mean like we are not even mentioned in the name of our country , this just says it all . 
  it is 2017 and we are still like this ... 
  good ole reddit joke , you are one sick italian fuck i like you . 
  and most possibly not with your parents, 
  pi\u0148unze, 
  maybe it is better to do not give a damn what people think and stay a bit longer with your parents and as you said `` save retarded high amounts '' , 
  this guy `` tourists '', 
  we re not in ? 
  cool !, 
  nah man i am afraid it was not sarcasm, 
   :( thank you buddy, 
  no problem pal i am trying ... do n't forget we are here for the lols and shit honestly i just hope no one is taking me seriously here brother, 
  true, 
  honestly when i see something that is related to my country chances are i will write here my shitty ass comment brat m\u00f4j, 
  i dunno man , we czechs like to insult each other but if you will try to insult one of us as a german , i will be kinda happy that you acknowledged our existence and care enough to go any further . 
  if i will think about it and then think about stereotypes that some other eastern european countries got maybe it is better this way, 
  someone call ambulance bitte , it fucking hurts , this is not just some kopfschmerz we are facing severe second degree burn, 
  at least you are not denying removing them well you ca n't say the same about turks ft. armenians story, 
  most deff positive, 
  taiwan numba one !, 
  i am not trying to be ugly but sometimes it seems like sweden is getting good numbers in these charts just from the principe of beying sweden . 
  by the way i am not trying to say sweden is not good or something it is just my opinion . 
  yeah as you said , in czech republic you can make fun of everything and everyone , which is nice !, 
  i remember about his interview in media he bought , it started with something like `` why are you so good and popular ? '', 
  i was like for real ? 
  they are not even trying to not make it like look they are his bitches . 
  thank you for hours of a good read , as a kid i remember reading asterix and obelix when i was sick and had to stay at home . 
  thank you for these memories !, 
  italy be like `` new flag who dis '', 
  honestly , i like that, 
  some said there are parts of ukraine where time has stopped at some point, 
  nah moldets it is too late to apologize, 
  it is just another option ...
