  oh i get it , honestly vucic 's statements are better than most , so its kind of an improvement , though they do n't really matter in a way as he made sure by other actions that his words have no weight at all . 
  which is sad , because he is making sense here . 
  maybe that will turn out to be the case as you say , we will see . 
  my point was different - that one thing is for sure , srebrenica will always be somewhere out there ready to make you remember why you hate that other guy , and our politicians will never stop bickering about what to call it and what it means . 
  no resolution will stop them . 
  ps : nothing on this planet has the power make dodik name srebrenica a genocide !!! 11 !, 
  yep , he said something like that , i do n't know the context but his speech was ( edit : i have trouble translating our verb tenses to english , so if somebody would help that 'd be nice ) :  `` so you [ go ahead ] bomb and kill one serb , we will kill 100 muslims , so we will see if the international community or anybody else dare ( or may ? ), 
  attack serbian positions , and can ( may , dare ? ), 
  it treat the serbian people that way ? '', 
  i do n't know who was the one to `` bomb serbian positions '' and threaten us or what happened afterwards . 
  he claimed it was pulled out of context , but i really ca n't find any source on what exactly that context would be . . 
  probably it was a case of throwing threats around . 
  he never commented on it to my knowledge . 
  anyways he and * nikolic , our president , * both were in cahoots with seselj , yet somehow he is in prison and they managed to get out clean handed . 
  most people here do n't even know about that sadly ... 
  edit for the english translation , sorry !, 
  : ah i understand , srebrenica and the politicizing as you say is not stopping , though i do n't see anything bad about vucic 's words here . 
  i do n't agree that that is the reason for the resolution , on the contrary i think that it will only confirm and worsen the situation , but i do agree that srebrenica should be ( ugh bad phrase translating inc ) `` taken out of the mouths '' of a lot of politicians from both sides , those that only use it to develop hatred . 
  but that is the problem , small peoples do n't have what else to discuss other than `` look at what they did to us , we are victims !, 
  '' , and that is obvious all over the balkans . 
  if bosnia and serbia had industry and employed people , the politicians would mention genocide quite less often . 
  i can never understand this guy 's comments . 
  if only they had the same concern to stop genocide on serbians in kosovo too . 
  op teach us time travel and help us stop the 90s balkan wars !, 
  please op you will save people !, 
  yep , it does n't feel right . 
  did the commenter above me deny that ? 
  he did n't even mention it , or anything similar !, 
  this dude made that assumption on his own , for no reason . 
  `` oh well you bombed it first so its ok to use uranium '' . 
  for the years that the siege lasted , if their intent was to kill them all , they could have done it . 
  civilian attacks happen in war , it is war , find me one where it does n't happen . 
  in sarajevo a couple thousand people died , both serb and bosniak , there was n't genocide or ethnic cleansing on large scale . 
  unless you count the 70.000 serbs that left it so . 
  time zones ? 
  what is disgusting here is your insisting on nitpicking everything the serbian side did , and completely ignoring the others crimes . 
  and why do n't you read that article fully huh ? 
   reading these attitudes one can understand why serbias chances of ever getting admitted to eu are basically nil for the next decades or so . 
  good . 
   quite easily be solved first mistake . 
  nothing is easily solved in war . 
   killed two of them oh the horror . 
  sorry for the unsavory comment , but seriously ? 
   but i see , according to you it was n't the serbs who were doing wrong , it was some unknown `` foreign mercenaries '' and the bad muslims . 
  you are so deep in denial it is disgusting . 
  edit : who said anything of the sort , please ... 
  the purpose of the siege was n't to kill everyone in the city , i 'm not saying civilians did n't die , but that it was n't systematic purposeful targeting of civilians like you said . 
  serb civilians died a lot there too you know ... 
  but hell , anyways why would i be angry about uranium used in sarajevo , because you know , * its not like there are many serbs left there anymore * . 
  from 30 % to 10 % . 
  some 70.000 people left . 
  its the bosniaks that are left to deal with that , using uranium is not justified by anything . 
   the research and documentation center in sarajevo ( rdc ) found that the siege left a total of 13,952 people dead : 9,429 bosniaks , 3,573 serbs , 810 croats and 140 others . 
  of these , 6,137 were arbih soldiers and 2,241 were soldiers fighting either for the jna or the vrs . 
  of the arbih soldiers killed , 235 were serbs , 328 were croats and the rest were bosniaks . 
  take a pill to calm down . 
   purposely targeting civilians where did you get that from ? 
  sieges happen in war and people die in them , big wonder , but using * uranium * to do it is the problem , see ? 
  this will plague the city for years after the war . 
   this denial what denial ? 
  your fervor and assumptions are disgusting . 
   it was a mistake . 
  geeze they committed a hell of a lot of mistakes then . 
  bad day for the pilots maybe ? 
   accusing other states of being assholes ... 
  well clearly !, 
  i would n't take that seriously . 
  why do n't you read the article ? 
  its not like he said a dozen things . 
   i am surprised and shocked . 
  we will discuss this decision with our hungarian colleagues . 
  * building walls is not the solution . 
  * i do n't mind if they build a wall in the style and size of westeros ' , but it * is * a sudden and shocking decision and it * wo n't * solve anything . 
  this * migrant problem was n't caused by us , so why are we hypocrites here ? 
  are we building a wall somewhere ? 
  are we chasing them to hungary ? 
  nope , they just do n't want to stay here . 
  and well , its not like other countries have been successful in holding them off either . 
  and we * are * stuck with them too in a way . 
  they camp in our parks , trample everything , leave trash , yell in the streets , and nowadays i hear they have started to cut trees to build camp fires , all while they wait to cross somewhere else . 
  and we did nothing to deserve this . 
  but not that i 'm comparing the trouble they cause to us to trouble they cause in countries they want to actually stay in , i do n't know much about that . 
  anyways if he thinks a wall will stop them , well he is just going to waste money on it and have them enter through some other place . 
  i guess the solution is that we * all * build walls everywhere , from greece to france . 
  our issues ? 
  as much as hungary 's or kosovo 's or anybody else 's . 
  edit : if you think its as simple as `` deport them back '' , do n't you think hungary would just do that and not waste money on building a giant wall across its border ? 
  i used to call them pencil factories as a kid ^ ^ jk ^ ^ i ^ ^ still ^ ^ do , 
  and together the balkans is a huge riverlands , whatever war happens we get to die in it . 
  whichever big power gets a hard-on , we get fucked in the ass , either partially or the entire region . 
  well ok but is the goat unused ? 
  well if there is anyone out there that would know about that ... 
   croat with srebernica um ? 
  hopefully they go through other countries then and leave us alone . 
   and it has spread to the balkans too . 
  not again ... 
  i do n't know why you got that impression , it * did * fuck us up but we do n't blame everything on it at all , if we do something like that then it is the turks not nato . 
  / j  that guy gave a honest answer , he was n't `` whining '' ... 
  wait you mean it did n't contribute ? 
  and its the same for all , man or woman .
