  i think for russians , russian land is wherever russians live . 
  at least for the people . 
  the politicians might disagree . 
   most western-europe powers understand that very well you know i think they do n't . 
  there is more to independence than just having political power in your country . 
  it is also political ideas , different values , religion , whatever . 
  russia is criticized for various things , but every time they prove that they do n't care of your opinion and continue as they themselves think is best . 
  that is their independence in a way . 
  the west criticizes russia for not being the same as they are or rather not doing what they want them to . 
   but you 'll find elements of the very same stuff in litterally every country from western europe . 
  not so sure , this particular characteristic of being defiant to foreign power is very strong in russians * today * is what i want to say . 
   russians ( and for that sake , most western european countries too ) do n't want/expect to rule themselves , but also neighbours yes i know that , but this is n't a `` quality '' of people or a mentality , it is rather a common ambition of russian leaders and as you said common to the west as well . 
  anyways * if * ( and i do n't think so ) there is such a thing as a `` nature of people '' , then what characterizes russians most is defending their independence by all means possible . 
   they burned it so that napoleon would n't take it and use it well exactly my point , napoleon is the reason why it had to be burned . 
  they did n't do it out of being `` crazy russians '' . 
  they did it because they did n't want to be conquered , they valued their independence more than buildings . 
  * that * is the true russian nature , they want to be the people in charge of their own land , they always invested great sacrifice to have that , and the west does n't comprehend this . 
  whether he would or would n't burn it himself is really something unimportant . 
   it matters because one is true and the other is n't . 
  that dude probably meant `` they burned our capital , * of today * '' . 
  anyways it does n't matter if it was or was n't the capital then , i do n't see a big difference between a burned capital and any other city . 
   napoleon had nothing to do with it yeah him being right in front of it with his army had nothing to do with it , it was just the russians wanting to throw an epic firework display . 
  he did n't burn it himself but he was the reason why it had to be burned . 
   the capital at that time it is today that is what he means probably , what does it matter ? 
   nationalist i 'm not at all . 
  my opinion is n't nationalistic in the slightest , it is the basic common sense anyone would feel when their people are conquered . 
   throw numbers and data oh bloody numbers and data , go ahead what number could you `` throw '' at me that would change anything about this . 
  and yes my idea of justice is my people ruling themselves , not by some fancy royal from austro-hungary , fuck me i have no common sense obviously ...  charged sermons yes i mean this is such a charged sermon . 
  what part of serbians not wanting to be controlled by ah is so hard for you to understand ? 
  does that not sound eerily similar ? 
  incredible hypocrisy . 
  just because you enjoy german and austrian cocks in your asses does n't mean that we do as well if you 'll excuse my crude metaphor . 
  i ca n't even believe i 'm arguing about this ... 
  there were n't only 10 members in the whole organization for fucks sake ... 43 % , 50 % , what does it matter ? 
  i do n't care about wide acceptance , and i especially do n't expect any reason on this sub . 
  if you think that it is justifiable to invade a land and then to expect that its people should bow down to you , you 're a fucking hypocrite . 
  you used the same reasoning when you got `` independence '' from yugoslavia , but for serbs back then it was unacceptable . 
  call it what you will , terrorist act or not , i 'll tell you what it was , rebellion and justice , it was not the reason for the war and even if it did n't happen that way , serbs and other ethnicities in bosnia would rebel against ah . 
  oh that makes it ok then i guess . 
  i mean 200 000 is the approve-able number of people to be ethnically cleansed !, 
  yes liberate . 
  bosnia is n't populated by bosnians and croatians only . 
  more than half of it was serbian population and they * rightfully wanted to belong in their own country and not be a puppet and slave of austro-hungary . 
  * furthermore at the time bosnia 's muslim population supported this desire to rid themselves of the occupiers . 
  the organization `` mlada bosna '' was a multi-national one . 
   not relevant well neither is the un . 
  the thing is that it is debatable , look at my comment . 
  the icty is n't ` superior ' to the un when it comes to things like this per se , they just took a different stance . 
  massacres and genocides , when it comes to the aspect of people being killed are n't really different . 
  it is the * motive * and intention that differentiates the two . 
  edit : a massacre is a `` smaller '' term than genocide that simply means `` mass murder '' . 
  genocide is a little more complicated term . 
  it is n't even necessary that massacre happens for something to be considered a genocide . 
  srebrenica was without any doubt a mass murder , it is the other `` details '' of it which are what makes the application of that term questionable . 
  the motive , the fact that only men were killed , the ( sad to say but ) small number of people killed etc. 
   you can be both talented and stupid well arguable , what is this `` talent '' of his if not intellectual capacity . 
  i mean he did n't get famous for nothing you know . 
  i get what you mean tho as far as that particular thing goes . 
  he is n't saying it did n't happen , just that the wording itself is a little questionable . 
  mostly because no women or children were killed , they were evacuated by the army to bosniak-controlled territory . 
  meaning that the ` gene ' was n't completely destroyed as would be necessary in a genocide ( see the etymology itself ) . 
  there was n't a clear widespread ` intention ' to destroy the bosnian ethnicity either . 
  while it did certainly happen locally and * was sometimes * motivated by ethnic hatred it was never the ` goal ' or purpose of the entire army , nor was it anywhere near to being largely supported by the general population or being propagated by media ( though occasions of such propaganda did exist - see the famous remove kebab video as a ` kind of ' example though not very good ) there was n't also any case of if you will , ` stealing ' children and converting their nationality to serbian . 
  now , the world is n't even sure on how to define genocide itself let alone when applying it to an actual real world example . 
  in a case where it is n't as clear ( and srebrenica is one of those ) there are differing stances and opinions . 
  the major issue here , for the definition , is `` intent to destroy in whole , or * in part * '' . 
  edit : and as far as `` in whole '' , it neither happened nor was there intention . 
  that `` in part '' was debatable . 
  now it is arguable if the number of men killed ( really varying reports from 2000 to 8000 ) of the existing population ( ~ 3.8 million ) is significant enough to warrant that `` in part '' intention to destroy . 
  they eventually agreed that the `` part '' must be substantial , and even if we take that 8000 were killed it is still a small percentage of the entire population and as decided is n't substantial . 
   stupid sheshelj seselj is more likely ` mad ' than ` stupid ' . 
  guy got a doctorate degree at 25 . 
  he is a man with pretty ` controversial ' and questionable ideas but not an idiot . 
  yet they are the only ones stirring up trouble and armed conflicts . 
  well yeah they were and so were some of chetniks , but not all of them you know ? 
  not even ustase were all like that , one of them saved my grandfather and some more people from jasenovac for example . 
  there are all kinds of men everywhere and if we were to count all the crimes in ww2 no one would come out clean handed ... 
  but i just dislike this `` comparing '' that goes on today . 
  like soviets being compared to nazis and in this case chetniks to ustase . 
  it all stinks of agenda and not just fact telling . 
  crimes of one do n't lessen or explain the crimes of others . 
  anyways that is the past and i got ta go now so argue with you later man . 
  sigh , should i relink you jasenovac , child concentration camps , soap made of men , srbosjek ... ? 
   \u017dene i deca ispod 15 godina nisu ubijana and ustase had a camp exclusively for children and women , while as you say chetniks did n't in this case kill children under 15 and women . 
   i know people in serbia see chetniks as freedom fighters i do n't see them as that at all . 
  me being serbian has nothing to do with my views . 
  i consider draza at best a tragic figure by himself , he maybe wanted to help but he did n't even know how and managed to put us in an even worse position , and his movement as a sad clustefuck of confused and incompetent all kinds of men . 
   chetniks outside serbia untrue , chetniks in manjaca managed to defend quite a lot of men , but i see your point , they were n't concerned with other ethnicities at all that is true . 
  but you are proving my point . 
  chetniks were n't the same everywhere , they were n't singularly united , and were more characterized by little renegade groups that did what they wanted rather than a clear movement the way the partizans were . 
  they did n't even have a ideology to follow . 
  they claimed to be loyalist , yet when the king commanded draza to put himself and his men under tito 's command he refused . 
  if he is n't a man of the king as he claimed he is nothing . 
  my point exactly is that as you say it was a multi-sided war . 
  but chetniks are n't comparable with the ustase exactly because they were multi faceted and un-homogeneous . 
  they did crimes , key word here is * some of them * , but those are n't on the same scale or brutality of those of nazis and ustase . 
  and alongside that they * did * fight nazis and did defend a lot of people . 
  so they were a mix of sort if you will . 
  oh for fucks sake , i did n't say nothing of the sort happened . 
  3 thousand civilians , sadly i have to say this , is n't the same as half a million .
