not even trying to be subtle nowadays . 
  and why are the examples you pointed out unhealthy ? 
  its not even completely muslim , there are christian albanians as well . 
  and soft . . did n't expect that . 
  i saw some of its remains in a museum in belgrade , the rest was sent to russia to research the technology i think . 
  they insist on being special snowflakes since the beginning of 20th century , when the only different thing is the religion and our `` favored '' foreign influence . 
  oh someone chanting to kill you for your nationality , how salty of serbs to notice it . 
  we unite even people that kill each other , where is the nobel already ? 
  its become like a tradition or something for him , like a religious ritual . 
  he did switch back and forth in being `` part '' of those ethnicities , so i guess we can all claim him . 
  edit : by that i mean , born in bosnia , to croatian parents , declared himself on occasion as croatian , serbian and yugoslav . 
  lived in serbia and wrote in serbian ( or rather the dialect ) . 
  well based on encounters with some serbs from that area , yes they do indeed have stories like `` they were ss men , they killed my ____ '' , it has a bad reputation , that town . 
  i 'm not approving of it of course , just stating what i 've heard . 
  if you look closer , i 'm not saying that hating a town is reasonable , but merely that remembering that history is indeed justifiable and not something to make fun of or look down on . 
  and people ca n't remember it and say oh well that is past now , not since wars and ethnic hatreds are something that resurfaces every 20 years here . 
  this ss regimen was mostly manned by bosniaks not germans anyway . 
  ... really ? 
  coming from a croat that comment is funny . 
  i was telling a little history , is it not understandable to you that people who suffered a lot thanks to those ss soldiers will remember , do you have a problem with that ? 
  in ww2 that place was a sandzak ss regiment hub , supported by the locals . 
  serbs from the surrounding area `` dislike '' it lets say . 
  for real ? 
  i thought it was `` warning '' only . 
  i 'm pretty sure that comment was intended as a joke . 
  russians removed most leftover nato bombs mines and whatnot from serbia tho . 
  its not a real problem anymore i think , unless you go to some unchecked wilderness maybe . 
  but we do eat and rape babies so theres that . 
  but what if they deal with this problem by leaving them here in serbia . 
  now that would be ridiculous . 
  northern eastern southern master race !, 
  pretty much yeah . 
  but its kinda silly is n't it ? 
  just look at that map , some countries belong to both northern , eastern and central europe , that is what shows what a circlejerk it is and nothing else . 
  can somebody explain to me , why is this so important to people ? 
  til there is a world deaf basketball championship . 
  hungary is uncivilized ? 
  that is so op . 
  they are very effective . 
  oh god the shame ... 
  you think that is hard ? 
  try stvrdnut or \u010dvrst ( tschvrst ) . 
  what are you talking about man ? 
  it is labeled a genocide . 
  the partizans did a lot of similar crimes too . 
  chetniks never had for an agenda , as a complete movement , anything that is a war crime . 
  republic of srpska is probably the biggest supporter of russia in europe right now , and vice versa . 
  and you see this is the problem . 
  well there obviously is a difference as you said , the intent behind massacre makes the difference . 
  i know what genocide is . 
  it is n't equivalent to massacre simply . 
  that is my point . 
  there can be a massacre without it being genocide and there can be genocide without massacre ( yes believe it or not , such as forcefully assimilating an ethnicity to some other for example ) . 
  for it to be a genocide , there has to be intent to destroy in whole or * in part * . 
  he probably means that he will point out whataboutism , not use it . 
  how do you distinguish between a massacre and genocide then ? 
  yep and probably because of that support for both eu and nato membership has significantly fallen , if you saw the latest analysis that was published . 
  ~ ~ what about that bojan 13 or what his name was , ca n't remember . ~ ~ actually he is not serbian , nvm xd, 
  well we have turbofolk , so i guess we ca n't really say much . 
  what the hell is that ? 
  looks like its fashionable these days . 
  i really hoped that there was n't any of that left in bulgaria . 
  i spoke with a few of them recently and they said that there was animosity when discussing history , like there is here , but it looks like it is n't just that . 
  i hope one day you realize that you are no different than the serb deniers of srebrenica that you hate so much . 
  i really do . 
  and i hope you fucking understand that people like you who hate entire ethnicities are the scum of the earth . 
  they were civilians . 
  ... they do n't hate us is the point ... what the hell are you talking about ? 
  and the ones that declare as montenegrins do n't either , at least the sane ones do n't . 
  they study in belgrade 's universities , and mostly think of the whole separation as politics , not some fervent ethnic hatred . 
  i * personally * know people that died there , so quit the bullshit . 
  besides the memorial was for * many * surrounding villages not bratunac alone . 
  seriously ? 
  over macedonia ? 
  kinda disappointing really . 
  40 % of montenegro 's population still declare themselves serbian . 
  a few days ago there was a ` memorial ' day for those victims in bratunac * , but of course nothing was reported in the media ... 
  well i found shittones of musolini , hitler , swastika memorabilia in shops in italy , what does that mean ? 
  well actually number is n't irrelevant . 
  the `` in part '' intent to destroy has to be substantial . 
  i mean by definition simply . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genocide#in_part edit : i just posted a wiki page for the definition of genocide , and the dispute over the `` in part '' part of it , for fucks sake , do n't downvote because of my flair , i 'm not `` denying srebrenica '' , jesus this sub sometimes . 
  aww are n't we cute, 
  oh we suckle eu and american tit way more than we do russian do n't worry . 
  its just people 's opinion of russia that is way better than that of eu . 
  i think he kinda looks like him too . 
  yeah but you would have to learn bulgarian , instead of english/german that you already learn in school , and then if you can get a job there you can probably get it in germany too . 
  also you wo n't be the sole serbian expat in germany for sure or the only immigrant in america that is very welcoming , so its more `` comfortable '' to go there than somewhere else i 'm assuming . 
  i think that is why people do n't immigrate to neighboring countries , even thought they are better off than our own is . 
  yeah there is a antagonism if thats the word ( when talking about history ) * but i would n't call it hate , we have other nations to hate more , you know :d and i guess time heals some of the bad blood . 
  there could be more of it in eastern/central serbia where the war with bulgarians , specifically , was going on . 
  but i ca n't really confirm it . 
  honestly why would we ? 
  no one wants to move from their homeland for something that is not really that much better . 
  people from serbia that want to emigrate usually look to germany , austria , america , canada some australia . 
  and i 've no idea what / u/rectal _ smasher_2000 is talking about , we do n't see those countries as `` hardcore thrid world '' * at all * , nor is there hate for bulgaria as there is for croatia , do n't take him seriously . . 
   turks see koreans as distant brothers but why ? 
  is there some historical connection or what ? 
  probably war does that to you . 
  well where do you think we should put them too ?
