  that is exactly what your comment 's intention was , do n't even try . 
   http://sh.wikipedia.org/wiki/instrukcija_dra%c5%bee_mihailovi%c4%87a_pavlu_%c4%90uri%c5%a1i%c4%87u oh please , no serious historian considers that to be true , the article itself says that ...  just like usta\u0161e a * portion * of chetniks in croatia did some ethnic cleansing ... yeah they are just the same as ustase . 
  did they have the [ srbosjek ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jasenovac_concentration_camp#srbosjek ) or [ jasenovac ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jasenovac_concentration_camp ) , or [ conc . 
  camps for children exclusively ] ( http://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/kz_loborgrad ) ? 
  and i know of their collaboration with italians . 
  they even said of it how it was `` to get rid of communists and then we 'll fight the nazis '' , except they never got to fighting nazis a lot . 
  but they were n't their ideological and true allies . 
  enemy of my enemy kind of deal . 
  i said nothing that is `` unbelievable '' or untrue . 
  did the chetniks claim they are of superior aryan blood ? 
  did they organize and hold concentration camps ? 
  nope . 
  they killed some `` civilians '' , but this happened on a local level and not ordered and planned ahead as an agenda . 
  they did n't have a parole of `` kill a third , expel a third , convert a third '' . 
  they did n't go over their heads to kill and destroy . 
  the ustase did all that . 
  comparing the two is just disgusting . 
  chetniks were a clusterfuck of all kinds of men and ideologies . 
  they allied themselves with everyone from allies to axis . 
  spent a little time fighting nazis and a little fighting communists , then looting and fighting themselves . 
  draza was n't a leader and politician , he was a simple officer , a soldier that did n't surrender to nazi occupation of serbia ( which is the only commendable thing he did ) . 
  their tactic was `` save villages not the country '' . 
  they did n't even have a considerable standing army but picked up soldiers from places they passed by , people among them were motivated to save their homes not destroy someone else 's . 
  they were all kinds of things but they * were n't * the single minded ustase . 
  if you think that this somehow lessens the gravity of croatian 's crimes you are a delusional little man . 
  the ustase committed genocides not massacres , and please that is n't even comparable . 
  muslims had ~ 26 000 members in the ss , attacked and murdered all over herzegovina . 
  need i remind you that this was war and civilian casualties are unavoidable . 
  the difference is that the chetniks were n't on a nazi rampage believing themselves above others and proceeding to systematically destroy entire ethnicities like the ustase ( and the bosniak nazists ) did . 
  gee man take a snickers , you 're so grumpy when you 're hungry, 
   we start when russia goes all in for ukraine , nobody will notice . 
  we really should capitalize on the mess . 
  yugoslavia will of resurrect yet again muhahahahaha !, 
  i 'm just joking about the balkan wars and how macedonia was taken by us after them even though it was agreed to go to bulgaria . 
  together we split albania in half and then we take your part as well so we can go for another war . 
  deal ? 
  i would n't like it if they demolished that building , they should try to fix it , but no monies i guess . 
  it was a work of art and architectural achievement back in the day . 
  now its like a sad reminder of the days gone ( inb4 removing kebab jokes , i mean yugoslavia ) and the bombing . 
  ridiculous . 
  yes and also tsar du\u0161an , maybe some others too i 'm not so sure . 
  but no one hates ukrainians ... 
  yeah we had a medieval capital in macedonia too !, 
  yeah they did n't chicken out of it thankfully !, 
  you do n't seem to be the most proficient in the ways of sarcasm , 
  well that much is true . 
  if you think that because the average joe in germany gives no fucks about the balkans means that your government and people in power think the same you are pretty naive . 
  do i need to remind you of the world wars ? 
  you lost a lot of troops trying to conquer this unimportant land , our * resources * and position were important then and they are now . 
   the russians were and are any different than the nazis this shit is getting out of control . 
  your point ? 
  and macedonia and montenegro . 
  well apparently some do . 
  this is just like last time . 
  an albanian state carved up from macedonia . 
  well thanks for solidarity . 
  the only correct answer . 
  i am confused now , are you kebab or not ? 
  i think we need to convene to resolve this issue , might be a problem in future balkan fun wars . 
  this is better than a unicorn !, 
   sorry but no ethic clensing for slavs . 
  lol, 
  but they ( albanians ) are the ones who are doing the ` fighting ' . 
  this stinks of something so much . 
  what the f are they trying to achieve ? 
   it 's debatable whether the soviets or nazis were worse jesus i ca n't believe this . 
   i 'm glad that you have an actual way of measuring how bad some types of murders are ah yes he does n't but you do of course . 
  hey !, 
  come on have you forgotten about * us * so soon ? 
  the question is why is n't this getting attention ? 
  take a snickers man . 
  i think the word does n't necessarily imply communism . 
  it means colleague , friend , ally . 
  i 'm not trying to prove your experience does n't matter . 
  * but you should realize that that my own ` experience ' is n't in any way less important than yours . 
  * again , goodbye . 
  my `` personal '' experience was shared * by every serb on the planet * , what part of that does n't make it to your head ? 
  i have no intention to argue with you any more , i hoped you were at least half reasonable but you clearly are n't . 
  no , i 'm one of those guys , whose grandfather was the only surviving child out of 6 , the last of his family , who escaped jasenovac , a concentration camp , barely thanks to a croatian soldier having mercy on him for being a kid . 
  i 'm one of those whose grandmother was raised in a mud hut by her mother alone after their village was burned down who was prepared to kill them both rather than see themselves get raped by nazis . 
  and i 'm one of those who ca n't stand neo nazis or those who try to give it any excuse or those who say that communism was * just * as bad . 
  and yes i would rather be in the soviet union than tortured and dead . 
  * life was not good in soviet days but it would have been worse ( if you survived ) if they were nazi days . 
  * edit : i do n't know what fate lithuanians would have had in a nazi regime , but for serbians it was this : kill a third , convert a third , expel a third . 
  they preferred the first option . 
  if there was no partisans and soviets maybe i would never even exist today . 
  so i find it is absolutely justified to celebrate this day and the victory . 
  you have some issues man . 
  mostly everyone ( not literally , i mean a lot of slavic ethnicities , jews and so on ) would be killed by nazis if they had their way , and in soviet regime , as bad as it was , you still had a chance to live . 
  that document you posted , ( as far as i can tell ) says this , though i ca n't really find the most appropriate translation for some of the more specific terms ( if someone wishes to help please do ) :  from republic of srpska krajina :  because of the ` newfound ' situation ( created by ? ), 
  open ` general ' aggression of republic of croatia towards the republic of srpska krajina , and after the first initial successes in defense it has come to endangering a large portion of the territory of northern dalmatia and parts of lika , therefore :  we decide :  1 . 
  to carry out methodical evacuation of every citizen not capable of fighting from the ... ( various places )  2 . 
  ( instructions on how to carry out the evacuation )  3 . 
  to ask for help from unprofor headquarters in knin  knin 04.02.1995 signed by milan martic , the president of the republic so no , there was n't a official order from croatia to leave , as i said . 
  but these people were endangered again as i said , the document is clear on that . 
  not on the level of jasenovac , and i do n't know why you think i made it sound like that . 
  not everyone had a life of torture and starvation . 
  it is n't ` better ' ... 
  i do n't know what idiot would compare death like that , but the reason to kill is different significantly . 
  because an ethnicity is millions of people , none of which have any say over what they are .
