what is a model citizen ? 
  there is n't actually a point to refute . 
  `` independence will be bad '' . 
  `` no it wo n't '' . 
  yeah !, 
  we 're not a fascist state , we just ... y' know , want to have the same police powers as a fascist state . 
  for freedom . 
  sorry but no . 
  he was elected on a particular mandate , i.e. 
  the pre-ukip quotes . 
  you ca n't pretend reversing his opinion is somehow democratically legitimate . 
  there 's no such thing as politically neutral, 
  i know you 're joking , but this is a good metaphor for british welfare policy . 
  stop being poor or we 'll take all your money away !, 
  not students , schoolchildren . 
  they do this in certain cases in the uk too, 
  greetings from glasgow !, 
  my issue is with * anyone * who would vote for the shower of cunts . 
  it 's not mitigated by the fact only a minority actually did vote for them . 
  oh for fuck 's sake , like that 's the only alternative . 
  what a stupid , lazy comment . 
  yes . 
  they do . 
  who the fuck votes for the tories in this day and age ? 
  how thick do you have to be to put into government a party whose only policy is to destroy the government ? 
  hey , if it works with badgers ... 
  that 's a good point , but another is that every time there is a debate on the subject , the audience swings from evenly split to in favour of independence by a margin . 
  the trick for the yes campaign now is to stay in the media . 
  do you think there 's any way we could get the scottish government to enact some robust digital privacy laws ? 
  the snp is all about hi-tech digital economy shit ... sometimes ... 
  well they ca n't tell the truth , could you imagine ? 
  `` no honestly , we 're not looking at that much porn . 
  it 's these shitty fucking web filters !, 
  they always mis-categorise the fuckin ... oh hang on . '', 
   what exactly do you think twitter would do to the french government ? 
  as with all matters of security , it 's not what you think they * would * do , it 's what they have the power to do . 
  america invented the 1 % doctrine , you should know this better than anyone . 
  so you missed the part where selected internet searches are to be outlawed then , i.e. 
  the same system they have in china ? 
  the part about the protests in france was really interesting . 
  when i was at university , i took a politics class with a chinese girl who was adamant that britain had * too much freedom of speech * . 
  she was amazed that the newspapers had quotes from teachers complaining about pay and conditions . 
  i loved that one . 
  they take an inability to queue politely as some sign of chinese superiority . 
  ok , now do anders breivik, 
  this is pretty much the way * everything * in britain is run . 
  you have roughly two options with anything : nationalised or privatised . 
  but in britain , we always insist on the worst of both worlds , privatisation with national liabilities . 
  we lose on both ends . 
  like you say , with energy we 've privatised it so we have no control over it , but then we do n't tax it so we get 0 benefit from the arrangement . 
  with rail , we 've privatised that so we have no control over it , but then we underwrite the whole industry with subsidies so we get no benefit . 
  with banks , the plan is to separate all the bad debt from rbs , keep that nationalised , and sell the profitable part at a loss . 
  why ? 
  * why ? 
  * why the fuck would we do that ? 
  actually if you read the story , he says he 's never seen anyone taking fish but he 's sure the eastern europeans do it when he 's not looking, 
  it 's because he 's patently fucking wrong , and nobody can be bothered debating with him . 
  we 're talking about * e * migration * from * britain , and he starts nattering on about the uk welfare system ? 
  even if we were talking about * im * migration he 'd be in the wrong . 
  it 's just a total waste of time to even engage with it . 
  i note that you ignored the two concrete examples i provided and went straight for a strawman argument against what you wish i had said . 
  correct . 
  edit : to be less flippant , yes it is true that lower taxes means less revenue . 
  it is also true that taxes should be raised to increase revenue . 
  the so-called laffer curve * does not exist * in any empirical sense . 
  also , if you list some major western countries in order of corporation tax , what you 'll find is a correlation between that tax and growth rates since the crash . 
  what that shows is that a high-tax , progressive and pro-active tax policy is the way to go . 
  edit2 : for another example , the 50 % tax rate which was also lowered in this budget actually * raised more money * than even labour predicted . 
  the conservatives lowered it anyway . 
  where 's the fucking logic in that ? 
  the conservatives , citing the laffer curve , said that the 50 % tax would cause a reduction in tax revenue . 
  even when the evidence showed otherwise , they acted as though it had lost the government money and called it a failed policy . 
  it will not help the economy one iota . 
  all it will do is give the government less tax revenue to spend on social programs . 
   arguing with people like you who fucked it up what did / u/raiseurfist do personally to fuck up cyprus 's banking industry , exactly ? 
  deposited his wages into a current account ? 
  the fiend !, 
  you 're blaming individual cypriots for their government 's economic policies . 
  that 's fucking insane . 
  / u/raiseurfist does n't have any more control over cyprus 's banking sector than i do . 
   muslim yes that does seem to be the problem , does n't it ? 
  we 've let in lots of human rights abusing , developing/pre-industrial countries ( basically all of eastern europe ) but at least they 're white . 
  but a fairly civilised secular country with a majority muslim population ? 
  fuck those guys !, 
  it 's funny , i was thinking like `` yeah !, 
  this is exactly how i feel about eur-oh hang on ... '', 
  a recession is defined by two quarters of negative growth . 
  so this was one quarter , now we need to wait and see what happens in the first quarter of this year . 
  it 's not looking good though , because if you ca n't get growth at christmas time ... 
  how did we get from `` do n't be evil '' to this fallacious bullshit ? 
  in cycling , it 's a cliche that `` there are plenty of dead cyclists who had right of way '' . 
  i do n't give a fuck who 's at fault , we need to fix it . 
  lol , you realise you 've basically just said `` air pollution fines are bad because we 'd get fined '' . 
  maybe we should just not pollute so much ? 
  they had a german reporter on bbc this morning who said that a similar attack occurred a few weeks ago . 
  there were reports at the time he shouted the same thing , but then it turned out he was a white german guy with mental problems . 
  would it change your mind to know that [ public sector pensions were completely costed and affordable , and the tories cut them anyway ] ( http://blogs.channel4.com/factcheck/factcheck-are-public-sector-pensions-unaffordable/7138 ) ? 
  would it change your mind to know that state pensions have seen real-terms ( i.e. 
  inflation-adjusted ) cuts every year since the 1980s ? 
  ( i forget the year this change was made , but we switched from rpi to cpi uprating )
