  also `` my top 3 most played champions are ( ... ) ** fiora ** '' , i hate you sir . 
  you should both be ashamed . 
  fuck fiora ( well , i would fuck naughty professor fiora no doubt ) , but seriously , she has 2 of the things i hate the most about riot 's modern design for champions :, 
  overbloated abilities ( riposte ) :, 
  - it makes her immune to all damage and cc , she can even `` dodge '' summoner spells like ignite and exhaust . 
  - stuns the target if you use it to dodge a stun ( well fair enough , it at least requires some skill ), 
  - oh you are garbage and just used that ability to dodge nothing ? 
  do n't worry it still slows and cripples the target by 50 % if you just hit them with it . 
  and that shit also deals fucking damage , 250 magic damage at level 5 , which is bullshit for an ability with already so much fucking utility . 
  also :, 
  max health * fucking * percent * fucking * true damage - because fuck you if you are a tank or a bruiser ~ ritogame ( s ), 
  i 'm complaining but i 'm a dirty renekton picker , and i only reached diamond a couple of seasons ago by spamming maokai . 
  i do n't have an issue with riposte , i have an issue with all the extra bullshit attached to it , the slow and cripple could be removed and so could the damage , and it would still be a great ability . 
  bramble vest was a recent addition and i have n't played much , much less vs fioras since i think she was nerfed some time ago as well . 
  overall her rework symbolizes all the issues i have with riot 's recent bloated designs , i still think warwick and sion ( even though he 's nothing like his previous self ) are riot best reworks, 
  ironically the 2 most important characters in the show do n't really have the best actors , kit and emilia are definitely the weakest of the main cast unfortunately . 
  yeah ... so much [ \u00a5 \u00a5 \u00a5 \u00a5 \u00a5 \u00a5 cringe \u00a5 \u00a5 \u00a5 \u00a5 \u00a5 \u00a5 ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/94eqmvhkvenck/giphy.gif ), 
  was n't the corpse 's sunfire stealing buffs an old bug ? 
  sejuani 's model is in the pit , it might have something to do with it . 
  without wanting to beat a dead horse , cinefix is exact opposite of cinemasins , there 's nothing wrong with criticizing movies by analyzing it 's details , but it 's so much more enjoyable watching videos of people analyzing the amazing details and efforts that directors/cinematographers/actors / etc put into their work . 
  even with bad movies , goodbadflicks does analysis of some pretty bad movies , but i always come out of one of his videos somewhat respecting the work or at least the passion the director had for his movie . 
  what ? 
  most of her burst comes from her passive headshot , and you need to be constantly auto to proc it . 
  the only thing interesting about this video is that it pretty much confirms that blizzards priority for a new hots hero is what character are they doing next , it 's not `` someone has this new neat idea for a mechanic '' or `` i 've designed this kit , we just need to find a blizzard character that fits the theme '' . 
  they pretty much decide , `` we are doing this character and now we have to figure out a kit for it '' , which is very telling of the issues i have with most of their heroes overall kits . 
  he 's plat 4 - 0lp in oce so technically he is in the top 12,843 ( 6.53 % ) players according to op.gg , but there 's also less than 200k players in that server , for context , being top 13k in euw would be diamond 4 , so an entire league above what that guy currently is at . 
  fuck , i would n't mind going autistic if it meant i would make the 2 million that qtpie does per year ... 
  ... yeah , that trash challenger player last season . 
  he 's just some silver scrub deep down and we all know it . 
  are you just randomly stalking this sub for anyone mentioning hots ? 
  that 's really not fair , there 's obviously a language barrier , faker rarely speaks english , and as far as i know i do n't think he had that good of a childhood iirc from riot 's doc during worlds a couple of years ago . 
  i personally do n't agree with the his thesis that it 's the third act in a fantasy show so the heroes have to win , game of thrones was never about the heroes winning , it was about actions based on personal interests and their repercussions . 
  if the end of all of this is just a generic good vs evil fight it will be pretty disappointing . 
  the premise of the video is that got has to follow those fantasy rules now to finish the story in a satisfying way , but i do n't agree with that . 
  i think that the pressure of having to one-up the previous seasons and make it larger and larger while also reducing the seasons to accommodate the costs of production is what 's forcing them to follow the fantasy rules , they simply do n't have enough time to tell the third act properly, 
  he used to have a list of high elo players he would troll or feed if he got matched with them because they played bad in a previous game with him or he just did n't like them , he also popularized the `` run down mid '' meme in that fucking community , after he started doing it on stream , people started copying him in pubs ( even though to be fair this was something koreans loved to do way before tyler did it ), 
  i was actually thinking of probius when writting this post , he feels like a rushed hero that follows the development strategy that i was talking about , they decided to make a sc probe hero but did n't have any initial idea or enough time to make something actually interesting . 
  - voice com, 
  - all champions free ( or at least available in special modes/sandbox mode ), 
  - death recap not being garbage, 
  - decent items to buy and support esport teams/prize pools, 
  - revenue streams for eu lcs ( only soon ^ ^ tm right now ), 
  con :, 
  - the community that plays exclusively aram with aram only accounts would bitch a ton, 
  - aram would be more fair ( it does n't need to be balanced just more fair ), 
  - more people would play aram reducing even more the queue times . 
  it 's a meme in other moba/free-to-play communities , league with every champion release is becoming the greediest of all free-to-play games ( excluding all pay2win shovelware on mobiles of course ), 
  no , i meant the entire game , i still argue that making all champions free would probably increase skin/chroma sales and earn them more money than people buying champions with money . 
  if there 's really a demand for paying for new champions , fine make all new champions the standard 975rp during their first year , reduce it to 880rp during their second year , and make them free by the 3rd year . 
  people will say `` oh but they are so nice now with the loot boxes , you can get champions much easier !, 
  '' ... the recent shown % drop for champion shards is a lot lower than people expected and this is still a pretty shitty way for people to get champions , it 's unreliable and most times would probably take more time than grinding 6300ip . 
  hey , there 's those weird anti-sound booths from last worlds that mostly served to stop the playing from seeing the screens above them lol . 
  dota : all free, 
  hots : gave a pack of 20 free heroes to players, 
  smite : 30 $ gets you all current and future gods, 
  i think other similar titles also have the option to pay for all heroes/champions now and in the future . 
  * whispers into the wind * ^ ~ try ^ ^ ~ turnrates, 
  or just give everyone a ridiculously long dash on a low cooldown , that 's been their strategy so far . 
  whomever does n't have that it 's always in a noticeable disadvantage, 
  why are you bitching , fiora would be the most op thing ever , it would be hilarious if her marks also rotated with the target 's model . 
  i also post here regularly , and have 4 years in league while only having 1 year in dota 2 . 
  what does that have to do with my argument ? 
  i seriously do n't understand why people are actually against riot making all champions free , are you guys losing something by them doing that ? 
  you can always just mute everyone , just because you are not interested in something does n't mean other players do n't want it . 
  case in point i have zero interest in any of riot 's rotating game modes , should riot just remove that option because myself and others do n't give a shit about it ? 
  that 's the same argument that people used for the practice tool , it was moronic back then and it 's moronic right now, 
  that stat includes challenger scenes , promotions for challenger scenes , and small wildcard regions , most of these are n't that far away from a random soloq match , lets see how many champions get picked at worlds , which is a much longer tournament than ti btw . 
  you can still grind for lootboxes , that keeps people interested enough in overwatch, 
  they made 1.8 billion in revenue this year on their `` single game '' , riot is hardly a poor little indie game company, 
  i already have all the champions unlocked , i do n't really give a shit personally , but it 's really hard to get friends to join the game when they see the champions are n't unlocked and how many years it too me to unlock all of them . 
  i would argue more people tend to change regularly their champion pool than being one-trick ponies or have a small pool of champions , gamers get easily bored of playing the same stuff . 
  this is n't a dmr thing , just read any post in / r/games about mobas and see how people feel about league 's unlocking system , the game does n't look good compared to other games in the genre and other f2p games like poe . 
  i guess you would be able to rotate his model , but auto from any direction you click an enemy from , it would actually make him harder to play , or at least require more micro . 
  btw is n't it weird that the main overwatch sub has almost 1 million subs but almost as many active users as / r/dota2 ? 
  can gbay99 not be a thing in this sub please ? 
  he 's one of those `` i wan na be a youtuber '' type people , it gets really cringy . 
  lol yes it dropped from 15 % to 13 % , overwatch has been below 18 % pc bang share for months now , a couple of weeks ago it was below fifa online , was that also the season end ? 
  1 - i seriously doubt championship ashe will sell as much as championship zed last year , ashe has more and better skins than zed had at that point, 
  2 - they are obviously doing a compedium-light this year , look at all the skin events they made with special loot boxes and missions . 
  still what you get from the compedium is miles ahead from the current missions that riot made so far , so unless riot makes the worlds missions something really extraordinary i do n't think the prize pool will increase that much . 
  but there 's another difference , compendium is a months-long event , and everyone can see the prizepool slowly increase , it motivates people to play and buy levels to increase the final ti prizepool . 
  if riot does the same thing , the worlds compedium will be during worlds itself , and we only get to know how much the prizepool increases whenever riot decides to tells us , which strips away much of the `` community feeling '' of ti 's compendium . 
  they do ban people for `` being toxic '' as in , using chat to berate other players . 
  but tyler was banned for intentionally feeding , he was known for `` running down mid '' when it got tilted , and he used to have a list on stream of players that `` wronged '' him and he considered thrash . 
  that 's not alistar 's new splash art , it has n't been that for years i 'm pretty sure . 
  [ this is the current one ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-e70xphoidjc/vk9eb-hzvsi/aaaaaaaag4u/lv5yitowdhm/s1600/alistar_splash_0.jpg ), 
  i have a bigger issue with in-game skins that make characters look like they are from entire different game than anything else . 
  like the [ star guardian skins ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aao6-k2bg6g ) ( and [ now there 's 10 of them holy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=unvge8gyiuk ) ) it 's incredibly off putting to me , which is slightly hypocritical of me since i do love their retro gaming skins . 
  `` nrg esports owns a league of legends team , shown here competing in riot games ' popular pc game . 
  yeah ... great journalism right there . 
  i wonder if teams will be able to play carry toplaners at worlds . 
  longzhu was able to do it against skt mostly because khan was a beast and rolled over huni and untara . 
  most teams going to worlds wo n't be able to put that much trust on their toplaners to hardcarry their lane , and might just revert to going safe and put them on tanks . 
  i feel like aside from a few exceptions like longzhu , teams are n't comfortable enough to experiment with different comps . 
  i was discussing this the other day with a friend , i do n't think league of legend as a brand ( nor riot by association ) would be able to sustain a new game outside of league 's playerbase . 
  by this i mean , eventually when riot 's version of rising thunder comes out with league characters , for most people that never touched league it will be just a another fighter with characters that look like tropes from other media ( the ninja dude , the fluffy anthropomorphize animal , the sexy pirate ) , league of legends characters are n't really marketable outside of a league of legends context . 
  drop a picture of teemo/zed/riven / ahri on r/gaming and most people would ask where the character is from , drop one of tracer or mei and most of that sub would recognize it much more easily , simply because blizzard marketed the living shit out of their game in every corner of the gaming media . 
  and for some perspective , riot for the na lcs franchise is asking 5 million upfront + another 5 over the next few years ( an extra 3 million if you are not already a na lcs org ) , so a max 13 million , for an already established esport . 
  not only is the fee lower , but riot also already has a deal with bamtech for 350 million for 7 years . 
  they get an average 6 million views per day with the occasional 12 million , top 10 lists are definitely still a thing in 2017 .
