  sidenote : i hate the true damage aspect of the item , just make it a aoe slow or give it some other sort of utility to make it more support oriented . 
  i did n't know that sorry , then i have no issue with the healing part of the item . 
  well , blizzard does have the most hardcore fanatical fanbase in gaming so they can afford that mentality and its working for them so far , riot might be in the same position in a couple of years if they expand to more games . 
  the issue is that it 's much much safer to do an extremely under budget horror or comedy flick and get a 400 % or 500 % return on investment , or a big blockbuster 300 million movie and get a 150 % -200 % return on investment.that 's why people keep talking about the death of the mid-budget movies , even with the success of arrival and other `` smaller '' movies , the risk-reward dilemma still favour the extremes in the eyes of the producers . 
  i wonder if emerging and growing platforms like netflix/amazon will allow the production of more movies like arrival . 
  only because , like they said , you need to trust your teammates to peel and protect you so you can do your job , almost no other role has it 's job predicated on someone else doing it 's job . 
  it also does n't help that riot keeps nerfing over and over again every defensive item that an adc could buy because it was being exploited by bruisers and tanks . 
  we are talking about the [ government that gave obama a copy of the witcher as a gift ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/the-witcher-2015-7 ) , it 's not that surprising and they seem more progressive in the subject than many other european countries . 
  still , this should help poland become a more attractive location for international competitions , even though i do n't remember any issues with iem katowice for the last couple of years at least . 
  it 's a disease that makes your bones more hollow and weaker , it 's an old people disease mostly . 
  / osteologyfacts, 
  everybody shits on it , but somehow it keeps getting huge viewership ? 
  suicide squad broke all movie records in my country , becoming the highest grossing movie ever here ... it 's seriously depressing . 
  i do n't sub to them , but every time i see one of their posts in r/all is about some new regulation or policy limiting the influence of religion in politics , education , etc ; which is pretty important in my personal opinion and overall just another news aggregator that coincides with their viewpoint , they also tend to be more mild than 99 % of political subs on reddit right now, 
  if it happens the breaking point will be next year if teams do n't start seeing return on investment , specially in na where scarra said most lcs players will be paid 6 figure salaries and some almost 7 figure , while challenger players will also get an increase to 50k ~ 60k . 
  most teams are also starting to push more and more their branding , building media teams for social media presence and video production , which is smart to attract fans ( and their money obviously ) but i doubt it will help cover even part of their costs . 
  the biggest thing that will happen next year is 1 ) how well riot will handle the broadcast rights deal , since we have no idea how much of that money will reach the teams and if it 's an lcs exclusive deal or it includes all riot regions ; 2 ) and how well franchising will be implemented , the overwatch league will also help determine how viable these types of operations are in esports . 
  was n't phoenix1 also created with vc money ? 
  right now you have to invest if you want to have a chance to stay in the lcs and eventually be part of it 's franchising . 
  most teams are not investing to win na lcs or worlds , they are investing to stay in na lcs . 
  well , as a random viewer with no inside information , i do think the bubble will burst in the next couple of years , just because you franchise the lcs , sure it injects more money into the scene and teams , but it 's not going to increase viewership ( some people even believe it will have a negative effect ) . 
  but , there 's another possibly for the investments of these orgs , they are n't investing in league , they are investing in esports , they want to create something like fnatic , known for their teams in multiple games , this reduces the loss you take if one of your teams tanks or the game dies , since your investment is spread . 
  also the reason they are investing so hard in league right now it 's because it 's the biggest esport with the biggest fanbase so it 's easier to get fans that might jump with your org to another games . 
  any idea is this change is being taken into consideration by riot in relation to azir , i feel this will make him tank even harder :\\, 
  [ damn she 's pretty pretty similar :| ] ( http://img07.deviantart.net/76ef/i/2015/025/a/2/jade_fang_vi_concept_splash_by_headcrabed-d8fbeqt.jpg ) ... i know it 's riot 's character but this seems kinda shitty that people keep getting their concept art used for real skins and are n't even recognised by riot, 
  honestly , most of the money came from the zed skin and not the ward , but it also did n't help that zed was permabanned in low elo during the entire month lol, 
  even worse than the previous year ; 74/127 in 2015 to only 57/133 this year , they dropped a huge patch before worlds changing the meta drastically and not being able to nerf in time the s tier champions that rised , it made champion picks stale but at least the s tier champion were super aggro so the games were somewhat entertaining . 
  yup , that 's why i do n't think riot will ever achieve dota 2 's hero diversity because their balance and champion philosophy is completely different , all champions can be grouped in small archetypes that do pretty much the same thing and while most are viable in pub games only the ones with the highest stats will be played in competitive . 
  i wish they stopped pumping champions and reworked older ones more , look at the new champion camille , she 's literally just a fiora 2.0 and it 's going to fill the exact same spot fiora does , but they earn a butt ton amount of money with champions , so that 's never gon na change :\\, 
  camille is actually their 6th champion this year though . 
  still saying that 5-6 champions per year is ok is kinda misleading , you need context , it 's 5-6 champions in a game with over 130 + character already , in my opinion if you look at the champions released in 2016 only ivern was riot trying something somewhat new , all the other champions had kits similar to something that already exists in the game . 
  even jhin who i love both from a visual and gameplay design standpoint , is just a different version of the `` the sniper '' archetype , which caitlyn and somewhat varus already fill . 
  you are citing a random twitter account citing another tweet from 2014 < _ <, 
  renekton is just the perfect noob champion and at the same time great to learn the game for 3 reasons in my opinion :, 
  - his kit is pretty straightforward and simple , this allows you to concentrate more on the enemy ( his movements and cooldowns ) and when to use your kit in the most efficient way possible ;, 
  - no mana restrictions , punishing less when you spam his abilities too much , but his rage is also a great start to learn how to manage champion resources ;, 
  - he 's pretty versatile when it comes to items , he can go full ad or full tank and anything inbetween and be somewhat useful , this allows you to think about what to build in the context of the game in particular instead of building always the same thing . 
  also his w and tiamat is a great start to learn and train animation cancelling . 
  i love renekton, 
  i have 20 rune pages and pretty much all runes ( except energy runes , because fuck ninjas ) i honestly do n't give a crap if they become free since it would n't influence me in any way , i think most people in my situation would feel the same . 
  and in the end it 's a win/win for everyone , even people that already spent some ip on runes do n't have to spend more on them and can use ip for champions . 
  have you seen [ watership down ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9s26la8bk14 ) ? 
  i used to have nightmares thanks to that movie :\\, 
  it 's a `` for fun '' tournament ... also the na team has 2 koreans and 1 danish player < _ <, 
  you just made me realise how much i still hate riot for what they did to veigar , still my only champion with a pentakill in ranked , i miss his immobile bursty purple ass < _ <, 
  honestly i just hate the fact that they made his w , which has a huge delay , even more unreliable because of the also huge delay on the wall , his only cc . 
  my idea that would make ~ ~ ` merica ~ ~ event horizon great again would be giving it a small slow pull into it 's center , similar to viktor 's gravity field , but you could flash/dash/blink away from the inward slow and it could be reduced with tenacity ,, 
  have you played urf ? 
  you do n't need a ranked ladder for people to pick all the op champions in the new modes , people like to win more than they like to have fun playing . 
  even though he was barely in it , he was still the best thing about season 2 , i enjoyed the punisher v daredevil and elektra v daredevil dynamics but that season really missed a good antagonist , maybe that was the point though :\\, 
  [ we should all welcome monkey king to the old moba tradition of putting sun wukong in the game ] ( http://i.imgur.com/a30rwa5.jpg ), 
  ** on topic : ** i like how valve dealt with the a x-hits passive , by increasing damage on the consecutive hits instead of having an instant effect after the x-hits , like most 3-hit passives in league right now . 
  was n't his comment kinda generic talking about all esports as a group ? 
  it 's not hard to think that every esport community together could easily surpass the nhl , gaming in general has been beating older entertainment industries in sales numbers for years now . 
  will league ever surpass nhl , that 's an harder pill to take . 
  sidenote : necessary `` love your videos , make more plz '', 
  i 'm pretty sure league in general already broke a bunch of records , mostly average hours watched , since people tend to watch more league competitions and for longer periods of time than people watch traditional sports , which translates into better viewer retention , which means $ $ $ for ads . 
  see , the issue with discussing viewership in esports vs tradional sports revolves around how this viewership can be translated into money , and the issue can be divided into 2 parts :, 
  1 ) esports is a global hobby , sure you had 43 million unique viewers during the worlds finals , but that number is divided by multiple continents and countries , with different languages and cultures , you ca n't sell random ad spots and sponsorship to someone that does n't care about half the demographic watching the games . 
  while nhl for example , is mostly a usa/canada thing ( and maybe the eu nords , they probably like it as well ) so you have better control and understanding of the nhl core demographic ;, 
  2 ) people are talking about esports mostly because it 's the missing demographic that old media ca n't seem to get attention anymore , the 18-35 demographic that stopped watching cable and lives on the internet . 
  they want our disposable income and esports is a great way for them to target us , but it 's still unsure if targeting this demographic will result in increased revenue for the people paying for the ads . 
  did intel see any increase in revenue or brand recognition from sponsoring worlds ? 
  if they did that 's great and maybe league esports does have a future . 
  or just wait a while , never thought i would see riot lose the `` how to fuck up your competitive scene '' race , but it seems blizzard tries really hard to win the first place every time . 
  that 's what i meant , even though to be fair riot changing the meta ( juggernauts patch/deleting lane swaps ) just to please the viewership is pretty much the same thing that blizzard is doing right now . 
  i usually disagree and point to the fact that most top 10 players in each region are adc mains ... but it appears the balanced tipped in favor of junglers right now , which makes sense honestly , it 's the highest impact role in the early game and riot keeps pushing for shorter and shorter matches . 
  also true , at least they ca n't get level 3 by 2.30 minutes anymore from krugs , that shit fucked over every early game top laner on blue side ( and botlane , but they are used to getting fucked nowadays ) . 
  this was already on the previous pbe cycle but they removed it before the last patch came out , i think to see how she interacted with the botrk and fervor buffs . 
  riot might consider increasing the slots before closing the lcs for franchising , but i do n't see why eg would invest in league , are n't they mostly known for their dota 2 squad nowadays ? 
  to be fair , this is an over 2 months old interview , everyone was as sceptical as doa about the direction that riot would take after all the scandals during summer . 
  and he 's actually correct , everybody from both sides ( monte 's and riot 's ) agreed that a third party arbitration system should have been implemented long ago . 
  did you write this before they announced the crowd sourcing prize pool for worlds / u/obscurica ? 
  ogn was getting 10 times the viewership by streaming the spotv broadcast with ogn casters , i doubt they would stop now . 
  or maybe they want to diversify they game broadcast catalogue more and not have league literally every single day . 
  we are talking about the english broadcast , which i doubt shows up on korean tv . 
  i do enjoy their esports roundtables with journalists from fighting games , dota , cs : go etc etc , it 's fun seeing topics that also affect league from new perspectives . 
  i do still hate yahoo 's video player though . 
  they removed * dodge chance * from league years ago travis, 
  they imploded after losing during the challenger tournament vs team dragon knights ( seraph 's challenger team ) . 
  i love renekton , he was my second most play champion last season behind karma ( because she 's broken as fuck ^ ^ pls ^ ^ do n't ^ ^ nerf ) straight up the only top laner that i can blindpick into any matchup , but the preseason was kinda shitty for him , armor pen because useless , fervor stacks ad ( and it did n't even stacked with abilities during a patch ) , level 3 cheese ganks and higher jungle pressure since it 's an exp party , everything made dominance during lanning phase very very dangerous :\\ i wonder how he deals with the top tank meta now , playing versus tanks as the croc was always kinda boring . 
  i do n't agree with that , at least last season you had options on how to build him , from full tank with bc to full damage with armor pen items and anything in between , now you are pretty much forced into building as a tank to synergise with cotc and you lose all your splitpushing potential and ability to one-shot carries in teamfights if you get ahead in lane . 
  i 'll give that build a try , thanks !, 
  can ... can we keep this pls ? 
  this is a case when `` this is not a bug , it 's a feature ! '', 
  would be pretty cool , make it a standard that as long as his soldiers are attacking irregardless of azir 's attackspeed they do n't die , it would help increase is possible dps during teamfights . 
  apparently the hate for azir is still pretty strong in this sub , even though he has 42.63 % winrate and people with 100 + games on him ca n't even reach 50 % winrate ... 
  i 've seen the 2 movies being compared as bvs having higher highs and but also lower lows than ss , so if you enjoy the good stuff about bvs you probably consider it a better movie . 
  for me ss was just boring , i fell asleep watching it for a second time with friends , it also had the cringiest dialogue i 've heard this year , at least batman and supes beating the living shit out of eachother and other thugs was entertaining , same ca n't be said about ss vs cgi humanoid # 759 , # 5983 and # 42, 
  it seems the only way the streams themselves will be affected is by advertising and sponsorships , it seems mlb will deal with that side of broadcasting . 
  so far it seems we should just expect more ads like they already had during worlds/all-stars , and stuff like the iem tournaments have . 
  but did n't cs dip in viewership when go came out because people were unsure about jumping ship to the new title ? 
  a dip similar to that in league would probably make investors very afraid and pull out , bubbles would burst , teams would die out . 
  it will be interesting to see how cs/dota/league will develop and evolve in the next 5 to 10 years , so far no game had this type of lifespan ... there 's melee but that game is still the same since it was released . 
  riot loves doing features with the players , i guess some of the ads will be something like redbull is doing with tsm and c9 right now , those are fun brand deals , esports have a completely different demographic than traditional sports , companies are not dumb enough to press the same type of ads to this new untapped market ... even though the replays were sponsored by intel during worlds lol . 
  bam will also create a new pc/mobile platform to watch the games , so i think they will adapt and improve the experience that the stream already has on the lolesports website , which displays up to date current stats of the players during the matches . 
  a service like that would help them differentiate it from the more casual viewer experience of twitch , and provide an alternative for people that prefer getting more data while watching league ... with a bonus premium access fee i expect . 
  you title the post `` monte cristo 's casting '' but then your critique of monte is because of his twitter , which is an entire different thing , what a caster/personality says on twitter might not affect or relate in any way to their actual job performance . 
  i would in part agree as much as it seems his lack of interest in league in general might affect his casting , since he already said his main research focus is overwatch , but we have n't seen post - `` fuck rito '' monte casting league yet , wait for ogn . 
  as much as some people might not like frosk 's casting at least you have to commend her for not shutting down her interactions with the community after the hate she used to get on reddit and for actively trying to evolve as a caster .
