  - i think the 100 million active accounts number is probable, 
  - i also believe that a fair share are alternative accounts , but their number would be a speculation though and there 's no way to identify them . 
  - i believe riot can easily identify bot accounts and remove them from the count . 
  tl ; dr : 100 million monthly active accounts is possible , 100 million monthly unique users very unlikely . 
  put some music on , start game and write '' / muteall '' , and enjoy your match . 
  at least it 's more useful than writing a post on reddit bitching about it . 
  he passed through grave 's smokescreen, 
   so many people on the board rooting for option 2 for thematics sake ,, 
  he 's a fucking bird god , what 's more thematic than him being able to fly around in teamfights , or do people want azir to be a chicken ? 
  anyway the only `` toxic '' play pattern coming from azir was the consistent long range poke he had with q - soldiers 's auto - thunderlords . 
  they can easily make him a soldiers auto reliant champion and keep his mobility if :, 
  - they reduce the range of his soldiers ( like they want ) , to force him to be closer to you if he wants to hurt you , which should be fine since he will maintain his mobility, 
  - make his soldiers proc on-hit effects to increase item viability and remove/reduce the damage from q and e , tweak utility values of both spells if needed . 
  edit : to justify the ability of soldiers to proc on-hit effects : they want azir to be a auto reliant champion , that usually means building attackspeed , which azir struggles to get specially since they removed the passive that gives him as if he builds cdr . 
  also right now the only thing he can build is nashor 's tooth and berserker 's greaves , there 's no other ap centric attackspeed items , even wit 's end which in theory would be amazing on azir does n't work because the soldiers do n't proc the on-hit debuff . 
  opening his build options to other attackspeed on-hit items would allow him more flexibility with his build and even maybe allow him to be a flex pick as an hybrid ranged carry botlane similar to kennen . 
  i understand why some people might not have enjoyed this movie as much as me , the dialogue was subpar at times ( mcconaughey really phoned it in ) , and the overall narrative was very videogame-y ( find dungeon , fight boss , get special item to defeat the final boss ) but the journey was beautiful , the soundtrack was amazing , and the overall story was very touching , seeing kubo deal with grievance and the redemption of the main villain in that ending was really well done . 
  also , to be fair i 'm one of the few people that still think paranorman was laika 's best movie , way above coraline . 
  have they even announced where the eu lcs summer finals will be ? 
  hmm , i seriously doubt they are counting the afreecatv and other korean streaming websites viewercount , also like somebody else said , ogn is a tv channel . 
  archyes you can always just start doing yourself the count if you do n't trust these guys , it 's easily accessible data if you have patience . 
  sidenote : it 's interesting how many chinese fans deft and mata still have , it 's the only way you can justify their match being the most watched with chinese viewership . 
  like many said , it 's the format , best of 3 is great for the players , since they get more competitive experience , for the viewer is fucking garbage , there 's a ridiculous oversaturation of league of legends right now , if you want to follow the top 4 regions , that 's 50 to 70 matches per week , which doubles if you count all challenger scenes and smaller regions like brazil and lms . 
  games during the regular season feel completely meaningless , it 's 3 months ( per split ) of watching people go up or down a few points until finally the playoffs happen and they are actually playing for something tangible , an entry for msi or worlds , everything before that is just boring and uninteresting because it does n't feel like there 's any actual stakes in the individual matches . 
  i think the biggest one right now is afreecatv ( sponsors of the afreeca freecs squad ) , azubo used to have a pretty big korean following but they stopped paying their streamers and eventually went down , huya was also a streaming platform ( chinese owned though ) , they used to sponsor the old tigers squad ( r.i.p ) , not sure how big it is right now . 
  i think many just stream in the chinese platforms , since it helps them have access to a bigger audience . 
  yeah ... ekko and nami look cool in the big splash , but look really bad in the vertical cut , the rest look all to be mid-action and you can see it , all you have for ekko and nami are their expressions :\\, 
  trends like that happen because people doing youtube analytics tell them it increases their viewership , matpat , the guy from game theory , does that sort of work , i think he did a video talking about how capitalizing every title increases revenue , it 's annoying but apparently works . 
  we call it click bait but it 's only to influence people to click their videos , the actual content still has to speak for themselves if it 's shit you wo n't be influenced by the click bait anymore ( which is why i stopped watching matpat ), 
  i doubt riot will ever do a new map version like dota , they did it with the [ aram map during the gangplank event ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1tc0mqfmdg ) and it apparently was a nightmare to play for colorblind people since they could n't see some abilities as well . 
  from a gameplay prespective i really ca n't complain about dota and league , since they allow heroes and champions to contrast pretty well against the map , visibility is more important than `` colorful or looking pretty '' , meanwhile some maps in hots are just godawful because their heroes just blend into the aesthetic of the map , it 's super annoying, 
  do you want a list of the many ridiculous and stupid balance design decisions made by riot even after the community and high elo players said it would be stupid ? 
  game developers are n't machines , they have an inherent bias and can make mistakes based on their predispositions . 
  like i said in another thread , just make his soldiers be able to proc on-hit effects , this would increase the effectiveness of nashor 's tooth , it would allow him to utilize ap on-hit items like rageblade and wit 's end better , but it would also allow him to diversify his build and become a mix damage carry by building stuff like bortk and mallet similarly to kennen . 
  i 'm not starting a semantics discussion with you , but you need to realize that a fair share of people here are not native english speakers and english vocabulary might not be their strong suit . 
  still , i would call many of riot 's balance decisions straight up incompetence , since they did n't seem to realize how many of their systems would interact after balance changes , for example , when they nerf both a champion and his items which results in the champion completely falling off the met . 
  damn , that 's actually a pretty big mic drop by nip 's part , most other orgs people could say `` well their players were shit , they mean they will come back when they get better players '' , but nip just straight up said `` viewership fucking sucks bros '' . 
  although the overwatch league part i deduce is because nip are an eu org , and blizzard is no where near the point of even starting to talk about expanding outside of na , i seriously hope na orgs have information about the owleague otherwise it would be just fucking ridiculous . 
  that 's not really fair , aside from both being archers and both having a toggle that makes their basic attacks apply a slow ( well ashe 's was reworked in to her passive ) , their kits have nothing else in common . 
  the news indicates that there will be on-going rewards associated with specific tournament events , it only makes sense for some type of drop system integrated with twitch which will increase their viewership , otherwise blizzard wins nothing from this deal . 
  yes it 's a smart decision to group the deal with all other esports , i argued before that if blizzard were smart they would have created a `` blizzard league '' instead of pushing for a game specific league with owleague . 
  they could have created a locked system with organizations that could field squads for they multiple esports , at least it would be a smarter investment . 
  i said before when that the only way for blizzard to create spontaneous mass interest in overwatch esports would be through loot drops on their streams , this news confirms such a thing , which is why i posted it . 
  cs : go can sustain a pretty high viewership even without the loot drops though , i do n't think overwatch will be able to do the same . 
  i do n't know about dying , it 's a blizzard game and blizzdrones never die , they resurface every time blizzdaddy releases a shiny new expansion or toy . 
  but i think it 's a inherently bad esport to follow , exemplified yesterday when i forced a friend to watch a rerun of apex on tv , who said the camera changing and chaotic gameplay literally made him nauseous . 
  they did n't announce it , just a partnership involving future blizzard events and future loot boxes . 
  but what does blizzard win from this ? 
  twitch is getting money from people subscribing to twitch prime , blizzard needs to get something out of the deal , probably amazon prime users will get special drops when watching blizzard events . 
  i was looking the entire time for the '' / s '' until i realized you were being serious, 
   most people can only see and criticise riot 's actions and choices from their extremely limited perspective as an end user . 
  the player . 
  yes , i do n't see how that 's a negative , users are free to comment and critize their user experience . 
  a person 's personal experience with any kind of software will always give you more useful contextual information than thousands of random data collected from their interactions with the software . 
   most people are incapable of seeing the big picture . 
  seeing the picture from a developers viewpoint . 
  seeing it from the viewpoint of someone who has billions of games worth of data , millions and millions of users and their behaviours analyzed . 
  their spending habits , their game time . 
  everything related to the game . 
  they have data on how to most efficiently milk their playerbase . 
  also please do n't just use the term `` developer '' when talking about monetization of games since it 's mostly a producers/distributor decision , the dude theory crafting the next champion 's kit , or the code monkey trying to decipher league 's shitty code are n't the ones deciding shit about riot 's monetization . 
   the ip system is one of those things that has allowed lol to become the biggest and greatest moba in the world . 
  that would be just sad if it was true , which it even is n't . 
  league became the biggest because it was the first non-mod , published , free-to-play and easily accessible moba . 
  also `` greatest moba '' is extremely subjective and debatable . 
   in part , the ip system is responsible for giving players tangible rewards in-game that they can use to broaden their gaming experience , their enjoyment . 
   the ip system is what has given countless players the desire to keep playing day after day . 
  they have end goals thanks to it . 
  are you honestly saying that creating a system that directly impacts gameplay ( runes ) and locks content away from gameplay elements ( locked champions ) , broadens people 's gaming experience and enjoyment ? 
  i do n't know about you but i always felt more frustrated than happy when i had to grind years to unlock everything , it sure did n't result in extra enjoyment . 
  so , it appears that he predicted that genji would dash towards his low health ally ( which would reset the genji dash after the kill ) and used his long skillshot that stuns right when genji dashed in . 
  he predicted an obvious behavior . 
   that is the most ridiculous outplay read i have ever seen . 
  ca n't even imagine how i 'd react if i were the genji . 
  i honestly think the biggest criticism with putting bjergsen on galio is that more often than not he is tsm 's most consistent carry and has a ridiculous % of damage dealt , forcing him into a supportive role might not be the best decision at times it hauntzer and liftlift are n't able to put their big boys pants . 
  same thing happened during the lulu-mid era , also this strat works for skt because they play way better as a squad than tsm ever did and ever will probably . 
  the `` godlike '' play was from the first stun that genji suffered when he initially dashed , it was anub ` arak 's impale . 
  the thing is , that the genji 's dash was super choreographed since he saw a below 10 % health enemy so he could easily dash , kill him , get the reset and dash back again , so the anub ` arak threw is impale just incase genji really decided to dash in , he would n't lose much anyway by using the ability . 
  he also did the pacific rim soundtrack , which has one of the most [ hype theme 's ever ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sh_6ifyiryy ), 
  i never said that hauntzer and doublelift were n't able to carry , but bjergsen is undoubtedly their most consistent player , if you are serious about competing you should give your best player the best tools to carry . 
  random question : do any of you have formal education in the area or did you guys just learned by yourselves how to data mine the pbe by trial and error ? 
  i presume you are talking about the travis interview that risenlazarus posted above . 
  i agree that in a best case scenario having a well rounded team that can adapt to any need would be perfect , but do you think any na team , even if they achieve that , would be able to contest other stronger international squads even with a well rounded squad ? 
  or a better question would be , do you think its smarter for tsm to diversify their playstyle in hopes they can quickly adapt in international play and finally show some respectful results international ( i.e. 
  get out of groups/quarters ) or do you think it would be better for them to develop a few strong compositions and refine specific strategies that they excel at so that they maybe can actually give the koreans their run for the money ? 
  thanks for the answer , i have a ton of respect for the work you do and even more now . 
  so ... can we stop pretending that viewership is n't declining ? 
  at least for the regular split matches ? 
  it 's obvious that the new system is resulting in viewer fatigue , there 's just too many matches and most feel meaningless . 
  people keep misunderstanding these types of deals as them trying to put old people scrolling between their nfl matches watching videogames . 
  that 's not their target audience , they specifically are moving towards putting esports on tv because of the 18 to 35 audience , the people that are not watching television anymore . 
  only a small portion of gamers actually watch esports , that 's the target audience that you need , they have to attract those `` casual '' gaming viewers that actively play games and already understand basic gaming concepts but might not play those specific competitive games , if you played any fps like call of duty in your entire life you can watch a cs : go pro-match and after a couple of rounds understand more or less what 's happening even if you do n't understand the more complex strategies . 
  that 's how esports grows their `` casual '' audience . 
  dude , every week there 's a post showing evidence that the streams are getting less viewers , they always get downvoted and people say it 's because of something else , every week there 's a difference excuse . 
  honestly last split i only saw lck and the lcs playoffs , there 's seriously no point in watching the regular split games . 
  tournaments are fun to watch because there 's a tangible and immediate reward for the winner , that 's why people that do n't play dota or cs : go still watch the majors , and why many people that have n't touched league in years still watch worlds , they are exciting to watch , because you know the stakes and every match is important . 
  the lcs meanwhile , drags for 3 months of regular weekly matches , all you see is teams going up and down in the rankings that will determine their placement for playoffs ( or in other cases their relegation ) . 
  lcs feels like a 3 months long group stage , and that 's why it 's boring as fuck to follow . 
  are you seriously telling me those michael pena scenes were n't at least inspired by edgar wright ? 
  they feel exactly like shaun 's `` the plan '' scene .
