  and this has been riot 's philosophy for a while since they wanted to make games shorter . 
  some people in the thread are saying that they are run by a different company ( as in , not by tencent ) , maybe they can market to the players their services in the client ? 
  the movie is gorgeous , nobody can question that , [ and the opening title sequence is one of my all time favorites ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qharr-zmtce ) ... but damn did the pacing suck , maybe it 's because i 'm not the most patient viewer and slow movies tend to irk me , but i thought the movie lingered too much on it 's visuals impairing the flow of the story . 
  and the tidal wave was super important in keeping them airborn for the shockwave to hit , since rumble and graves could have flashed away if the tidal wave did n't hit them . 
  plus ~ 50k on youtube, 
  he has 1.7 millions subs ... how is that possible ? 
  theres only 2 things that blizzard has to do to make overwatch at least watchable before its even enjoyable to watch : 1 ) a mini map to allow viewers to always see where everybody is instead of forcing people to chop together everyone while they change prespective every 3 seconds between players . 
  2 ) fucking color coordination between teams , it 'd almost impossible to understand who is attacking and who is defending because the colors change with the perspective of the players, 
  i tried watching a previous tournament and i think the issue is that it 's constant teamfights and it feels like they are doing zero damage to eachother , the abilities feel even less impactful than in league , its like a wet noodle fight between 2 tanks ... but the entire team is like that, 
  well that should probably cover partly the costs of the lawsuit ... it 's barely a blip in riots annual revenue though . 
  he might be talking exclusively about the eu lcs pro-meta where they are afraid of doing anything for 40 minutes , like many people said yesterday , watch the top teams in lck and compare it to mid and low tier na lcs and eu lcs it 's like these teams are playing completely different games , lck teams understand the game so much better while the lcs teams every year look like they are being left behind yet again . 
  also , fuck overhyping lcs 's `` macro play '' and 1k gold leads with 0 kills ... 
  tl ; dr : good pro-league ( lck )    cs : go    c-tier boring as fuck lcs games . 
  yes , sorry mobile + too much caffeine < _ <, 
  nope , i 've read that blizz talked about implementing it , [ but i went to see their korean tournament and it seems there 's still nothing there ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a8x9pcytroi&amp;feature=youtu.be&amp;t=16m32s ), 
  question cause i do n't have patience to look it up , do all support really have an heal and cleanse ability ? 
  that sounds like a nightmare to balance . 
  notice his tsm icon ... most western players only watch the lcs and have no knowledge of how huge the other scenes are . 
  mate just wait 6 more months for the overwatch league to start in na and you will see the numbers skyrocket , like from 10k to 20k at least !!!, 
  trust the blizzlords , they will revolutionize esports !, 
  just look at hots and heartstone !, 
  that sounds incredibly similar to kalista 's current situation though ... 
  she was in a tv show last year called braindead , i just binged watched it this weekend , it 's really really good and she 's one of the best things in it . 
  oh i thought it was just 1 season since it seemed to wrap things up nicely enough , just read that they had 3 more season seasons planned where the bugs invaded wall street , silicon valley and hollywood :o , someone please call netflix, 
  riot probably has it , since they now also have save states to rewind pro matches . 
  but no one aside from riot as access to this since pro matches happen in the tournament realm server . 
  oh god , can this actually cause the crash of esports ? 
  dota 2 would be fine since it 's mostly small grassroots investors and crowdsourced , but other titles like league and cs : go might see their new big investors drop the scene if the overwatch league crash and burns , this might have bigger repercussions than just on the overwatch esport . 
  sidenote : i would like to start a slow clap to / u/archyes , the sharer of ridiculous blizzard bullshit , gg wp good sir . 
  there 's an easy system they can implement to inflate their viewer count . 
  everything points to them not broadcasting the overwatch league on twitch , mostly on their mlg platform and youtube ( since they already had a partnership with them last year ) . 
  they will probably implement their mlg streaming service on the client , create new `` overwatch league exclusive '' skins , and say `` you need to watch our league for a chance to get a overwatch league box drop '' ( similar to cs : go drops ) . 
  this is the only way i can see blizzard forcing people to watch this right from the start . 
  they do have a pretty huge playerbase so far , and they are throwing money at blizzard 's face for boxes , this strategy might actually work , even if people just leave it open to get the drops , and it will take a while until sponsors see no roi . 
  about the stadiums topic : my theory is that most teams investing into the overwatch league will be multi-title orgs , and some already have their own stadiums or partnerships by having basketball investors . 
  what i think this people are thinking is `` well , we are losing the 15 to 30 audience , and we do n't actually use our stadiums 24/7 , lets get into this esport thing , do events in multiple titles to diversify our brand '', 
  again , i have no idea if this will result in roi though , i seriously doubt it , esports as an whole are not big enough for something like this , specially since most viewers only watch 1 or 2 different titles . 
  to be fair he 's making an effort by having vocal lessons , deficio and krepo did n't sound that great when they started casting either . 
  it 's usually the case for people that do n't have a background in a vocal/speech area, 
  that should be ok , russia is full of bears , even [ putin loves to mount a big muscle bear ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-bed1d7db38896608fbd8873b46afd648-c ) from time to time, 
  to be fair the old kit was pretty shitty , lets see how many steroid passives they give him before we judge , so far we only know the actives and that the w also has a passive magic shield . 
  by riot 's standards his kit should probably have 4 or 5 more passives hidden in the abilities . 
  i agree , it was bullshit that he could keep proc ` ing his e with just one point in it , it gave him way too much wave clear with very few resources needed . 
  [ xd.gg ] ( https://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/lol.gamepedia.com/thumb/7/7a/xdgg.jpg/569px-xdgg.jpg?version=518b50d2743b1e52ac5e8b7298a37b3f ), 
  mate please , at level 1 it has 40 mana cost , and his 3 first items are mana items . 
  how many champions have 40 mana abilities ? 
  i think the bulging eyes are the worst part , it reminds me [ of these nightmare infused clips ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tdldzraezq8 ), 
  or like the alistar skin they released today as well ... the kigurumi skins are some of their best so far , just look at dino gnar , meowkai and the new moo alistar . 
  no idea why they decided to do this abomination, 
  [ this would be a well done goofy april fools skin ] ( https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-rwwmx1i0qwo/wl8jfwufggi/aaaaaaaafa4/tbaan024vz0trjrcic__yi2ddtl2pssbqclcb/s1600/3j8zzgw.gif ) ... that shit is just creepy as fuck, 
  and they made this after removing 2 skins from pbe after some minor backlash , i think this might actually be a joke , or riot has some really dumb people in their art department . 
  less then 24h after the patch , ok mate ... where 's that `` reddit knows balance '' video ? 
  the sewn chaos skins also [ had a splash done ] ( https://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/_ra0o6-t2m0bjknt7wnquqa5xsg=/0x0:1215x683/1600x900/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/52744083/here1__2_.0.jpg ) and they still got removed . 
  also that looks nothing like kog , it just looks like a normal pug chasing them . 
  well according to that the teams are getting an extra 50.000 $ this split nonetheless . 
  maybe they want to wait for msi to implement something like that and see how it works . 
  the challenger skin is going to increase the prize pool of msi right ? 
  question : is there anyway of knowing how many players overwatch actually has , not just `` we have xxx amount of accounts since launch '' ? 
  is it even possible to see how many of them even play ranked ? 
  my issue with the rune system is that the most used ones are just base stat boosts that make it harder to balance the champions . 
  for example : imagine that you are trying to balance an ad carry champion with a very strong early game pre-level 6 , you can try to tweak his base ad and his ratios , but in the end you can never know if they will start level 1 with 50 ad or 65 ad , which might end up with very different results . 
  honestly , i think they should delete the rune system and just reinforce the mastery trees as their `` gameplay diversity '' mechanics , right now both are just a huge clusterfuck of stats and riot is doing what they always do , nerf everything until your choices are pretty much meaningless since they hardly affect anything ... which is easier than trying to balance their fucking game . 
  the thing is , the way i see esports as different from regular sports is that with games , you can see pros play and think `` damn , i wan na do that '' and you can instantly jump into a match and try to recreate what they did , the competitive setting is the same for pros and for scrubs . 
  but for overwatch , not only does it seem that the vast majority do n't see the game as a competitive game , just a casual multiplayer shooter , so there 's not that urge to recreate what pros do , but also people forget that there 's a big chunk of the playerbase playing on consoles , which are completely different settings to the point of blizzard balancing them differently , do people think these console players will have any interest in seeing competitive games played exclusively on pc ? 
  it got more noticeable when he got his solo series , since every other character in that show was at least as dumb as him , or worse . 
  if any of you is curious to see what competitive clash royale looks like , [ here have fun ] ( https://youtu.be/kigdekat_is?t=18m23s ) , it 's so incredibly cheesy it looks like a special esports episode in a cable procedural crime tv show, 
  no offense to chobra , but has n't he been out of the league scene for almost 2 years now ? 
  why did blitz made a league-centric interview with him ? 
  it 's just lack of knowledge though , i hated turn-rates until i realized how turn rates is probably one of the most important features that differentiates the development of dota and league . 
  it 's also one of the things i use to show how both games are much more different and these differences are more nuanced than just league being an waterdowned version of dota . 
  on topic : you know what 's actually really fucking gimmicky in hots ? 
  those fucking mounts , like i still do n't understand their point besides of the obvious `` lets put as much shit as possible that we can sell as cosmetics '', 
  as someone that listens to a ton of podcasts , you are extremely correct , damn this is so much smoother to listen than most gaming podcasts . 
  like seriously , nowadays everyone and their mother has a podcast , get 4 people with cheap microphones talk randomly for 2 hours and there you have a podcast , people do n't realize how important eloquence , editing and sound mixing can be for a really great listening experience . 
  the perfect example is [ 99 % invisible ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_6fzjdt8ipc ) roman has the smoothest voice in the world . 
  it 's virtual fucking goods even if the value of the pound and euro changed the cost of producing virtual fucking goods did n't , and what you are buying is fucking random which makes everything even worse !, 
  with ryze you can actually do a 2 for 1 here :, 
  1 - it 's fucking retarded looking at winrate to decide if a champion is balanced or not , because like you said 99 % of the player population is shit . 
  meanwhile ryze is faker 's highest winrate just after leblanc , another one that those dumbasses love screaming `` omg they killed her !, 
  '' , because they ca n't abuse her or him like they used to . 
  2 - to be fair , this is also riot 's retarded rework and balance changes since then . 
  they tried to reinforce the idea of an immobile mana-based mage dps that combos abilities and is a late game monster thanks to damage scaling of ap and mana , but ended up giving him a ton of early game damage because of retarded ratios , gave him a huge shield and speed boost negating his immobile mage characteristics , and gave him a huge team utility ability with his ult . 
  he does everything that you want on a mage , huge dps , barely gated by mana since it 's is main source of damage so he can stack it , super tanky and mobile , and with tons of utility . 
  no offense but aside from the in-client tournaments , all the rest are just stuff they already said they were working on and gave a tba date ... 
  developers discussing their decision making is interesting , fluff like the thing at the top of the league sub right now , is just like i said fluff , i prefer if devs put stuff out and then they discuss their process , not talk about `` we want to do this and that , maybe in the future because we really think it 's the correct thing '', 
  they are asking between 5 million to 15 million for an overwatch league spot , if it works , it 's great for the industry and all esports will benefit since more investors will try to get in . 
  but if it does n't , and right now nothing shows that overwatch , as an esport , will give that kind of roi , this will probably be a huge bubble burst and might crash the industry with all the vc money leaving . 
  only grassroots scenes and crowdsourced titles like dota 2 will be less affected . 
  which is the stupidest thing they could do since there 's no way any current esport ( even league ) can be sustained by it 's local scene , that 's also why every big org being named as trying to get a spot in the overwatch league are multi-title organizations , they hope that spreading the risk among several games will help sustain themselves . 
  the reality is that nrg is not investing into just the overwatch league , they are investing into having a spot for events for all their esport teams . 
  what about the damage reduction bruiser build ? 
  phantom dancer + death 's dance, 
  small sidenote , aside from fixing the way his revive works right now , do you think that making the blood price toggle a 2-hits ( similar to yi 's passive ) would help his sustained damage ? 
  it would increase his dps without forcing riot to give him more base attack speed or forcing people to go full attack speed items , and would balance high dps mode with blood price toggle vs the slower dps with lifesteal toggle from blood thrist . 
  he 's getting reworked during the tank update to have more interactive abilities besides his slighshot , and to reduce his damage while giving him more tankiness and cc options . 
  so , rip dealing damage as zac, 
  honest question , after the almost offensive experience to viewers that was lucy , and with the inability of cara delevingne to do anything but look pretty , is anyone actually expecting this movie to be a success in a pretty heavy loaded year for sci-fi movies ? 
  i do n't wan na demolish your dreams since it 's your cake-day , but no , very improbable they will win vs schalke . 
  ^ ^ happycakeday !, 
  i had the most brain dead comp in yoloq even with 5 strangers : kog ` maw + lulu + orianna + ivern + malphite .
