  | proper ranked system - the ranked system is garbage , it 's means nothing since you still have a hidden mmr , a plat 5 player can have a vastly lower mmr than a gold 1 player . 
  league 's divisions ranked system is just a meaningless group of tiers to help people feel accomplished for reaching diamond 5 instead of * random sequence of numbers * mmr . 
  well apparently blizzard are the kings of putting out `` data '' without saying pretty much anything , they even put riot to shame, 
  my issues with that image :, 
  1 | `` 25 million players '' : yeah people keep repeating this but nowhere did blizzard said if this is just created accounts ( which might include the free weekends and pc bang accounts ) and i seriously doubt this means monthly/weekly players which is vastly more important, 
  2 | 50 % esports fans - what does this mean ? 
  is it collective viewers from every streaming service ? 
  did they do a survey asking their players if they enjoy esports ? 
  cause their data on twitch shows that the vast majority prefers watching personality streams to esport streams ,, 
  3 | 13-34 yrs old - like you said , this is useless , this is n't even a fucking demographic , a 13 year old has totally different social and economic context from a 30 year old ... 
  the saddest part is that the sliders were made by the overwatch esport director, 
  well riot just swung their money dick and got a staff of like 5 to 6 writers + graham mcneill . 
  it would be ridiculous if they did n't start pumping lore out at every opportunity . 
  edit : case in point - they just released short stories for 7 champions from demacia , which is a shame since it 's the most boring group of champions . 
  chinese league players probably have way more than bjerg on their `` twitter '' , which is weibo . 
  damn , that man could be brutal sometimes o_o, 
  [ is batwolverine good enough for you ? 
  ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/78/07/e9/7807e9a894d36594c93e417abf23d61d.jpg ), 
  sun charging skin , kinetic legs to store energy when you walk . 
  there might be some actual functionally behind transhumanism . 
  it 's useless to judge this by a teaser trailer , but i have the feeling that dc is trying to market the justice league as the avengers but edgier . 
  that 's totally not how i see the dc heroes , specially the justice league , they always felt like the new modern pantheon of gods , while people like marvel heroes for being normal people with super powers , i think dc heroes were always seen as flawed gods which gave them humanity . 
  the tagline and the music feels like they are here to kick ass and chew bubblegum and they are all out of bubblegum , not really how i think they should go with this . 
  to be fair they overdid it with the superman = jesus in bvs , specially by cramming in the death of superman storyline in the movie . 
  works for riot eu as community manager i think . 
  monotonous meta , with teams picking yet again from a more or less 30 champion pool . 
  and eu teams are extremely risk adverse , nobody wants to watch `` macro play '' for 30 minutes and let 3 or 4 teamfights at the end ( or a baron throw ) to decide the match who wins . 
  eu and to less extent na lcs seem to be way more behind the korean teams than previous years , it feels like they do n't improve from year to year , so people get sick of watching it . 
  my issue with him was that by the end of the season he was still a whiny kid , it already did n't make sense for a 25 year old monk to be a whiny kid after coming back to society but it 's even worse that he did n't learn shit by the end of the show , all the other characters developed in their own ways . 
  it 's kinda sad that i was more engaged with all the side characters than with iron fist . 
  also , did anyone notice how little he actually used the iron fist ? 
  and it was so random , they kept finding excuses for him not to be able to use it . 
  i think it was probably because of budget/time restrains , but that 's unfortunate since i think using the iron fist more often would make it less obvious how rushed some of the fights were as well . 
  because most people are bitching about keith stanfield as l , so technically not `` whitewashing '', 
  and look , it already had more color skins than zac in 3 years of his existence . 
  liss is already the female version of maokai , the cc queen , with a passive that gives her free mana and damage i think we might see her played as a bruiser cc top or tank cc and peel support . 
  google trends hardly tell anything about a game , still , context is fun , case in point : [ league vs csgo/dota/overwatch ] ( https://trends.google.co.uk/trends/explore?q=%2fm%2f04n3w2r,%2fm%2f0128442n,%2fm%2f0dlkwn1,%2fm%2f0h3pv2z ) for being `` the revolution of esports '' overwatch is not the leader in any country when it comes to google trends , but according to many the interest in it is growing , so i do n't know how reliable this is . 
  yeah , totally forgot nautilus , even though he was my most played tank last season < _ < i would argue that lissandra 's ability to continually aoe cc makes her the cc queen over leona , which is better at single target cc . 
  there 's a theory that [ this guy from orianna 's short story might become a champion ] ( http://imgur.com/bdoozk8.png ) , only an android should have this dance . 
  you only need 1 or 2 players on the team to play sub-par on purpose , you do n't need all 5 to be on it . 
  the sad part is that `` going to korea to become a better gamer '' is actually something that happens ... and i 'm not talking about pro-players , because at least that 's their job , i 'm talking about casual people . 
  [ his name is fieram ] ( http://universe.leagueoflegends.com/en_us/story/orianna-color-story/ ) you can read all the new short stories in that riot website, 
  i understand why you would say that , but i do n't think this is the sub to be talking about being nice and respectful, 
  people in r/games are saying that it introduces lan support though, 
  i just saw the announcement video again , it 's the last flash card [ `` lan and modern online play '' ] ( https://youtu.be/5ypu9j4w3_w?t=46s ), 
  `` championship skin for camille . '' ... 
  championship skins come out in september , no way they are already doing it , that 's some good shit op is smoking . 
  also , most people watching the show grew up in the 90 's and early 00 's when wally was the flash in the comics , so they are more attached to that version than most people . 
  i agree that this tv show wally is god awfully written though , but it 's not like the rest of the cast is brilliant either , and it got way worse this season my opinion . 
  * currently more successful younger siblings, 
  mate no need to be so defensive of a random actor :| this was targeted mostly at the mara sisters since kate 's fant4stic and morgan were godawful . 
  still , last year was not a great year for ben , bvs got a ton of money like everybody expected but it was panned by critics and many fans , the accountant was received poorly and so was his baby project live by night , meanwhile casey won an oscar , a bafta and globe for manchester by the sea ... maybe i should have said `` more successful in 2016 younger siblings '' ... 
  i find it insulting that the results are either `` esports get mainstream or remain a niche '' and that blizzard and the overwatch league are the only salvation that will possibly bring `` esports '' into the mainstream, 
  go to their competitive sub ( cause their main sub obviously does n't give a shit about this , which is a great sign !, 
  ) , it 's actually hilarious how delusional some people are . 
  monte was a dumbass for going against his own philosophy , he went out saying that `` games change over the years but casters will still be here '' , so instead of diversifying his resume he just burned all his bridges and went full head-on into overwatch , and now he 's fucked if it 's not successful , he will say that what only matters is overwatch in korea , but from what i see overwatch lost 10 % market share in pc bangs over there in the last 2 months so that 's not looking great either . 
  that 's another thing , right now ogn his doing their own thing with apex , i presume they will keep doing this tournament in korea even after the overwatch league starts , so it seems monte is being put out of the biggest tournament in his new title , since so far there 's no indication of a worlds/international type event . 
  [ most people think ass ] ( https://i.kinja-img.com/gawker-media/image/upload/s--6b6cjtxf--/c_scale,f_auto,fl_progressive,q_80,w_800/xu0rwjuz6igwhprrw9ht.png ), 
  but that 's my exact issue with this mentality , what do people mean by mainstream ? 
  cause right now people want to invest in esports because its main target are 18 to 35 year olds that stopped watching tv so obviously stopped watching ads on said tvs , if you put overwatch on cable tv some random dude with no connection to gaming will not stop and decide to watch it full time . 
  when i think of esports growing into `` mainstream '' is more and more of these young people that already play games and already have it as part of their hobbies to start watching competitive gaming , just like they already watch people playing games for fun on twitch and youtube , sure esports are big but they are no where near `` gaming on the internet '' big , first you get the 50 million subs that pew die pie and company get , then you can worry about putting esports on tv and trying to go `` mainstream '' . 
  tl ; dr : all this bullshit talk about going mainstream feels more and more like old people with no understanding of gaming culture and how people 18 to 35 consume modern media . 
  what i disliked the most was how much like a videogame some of the action scenes felt , some fighting scenes i was waiting for qtes to appear so the main characters would avoid an hit , and that river rollercoaster scene was straight out of a saturday morning cartoon from the 90s ... 
  the 17 mil was a `` estimated '' number so they probably used statistics from other multiplayer games and concluded that if game a has x amount of accounts with y number of monthly players then overwatch with 25 million accounts has 17 million monthly players . 
  also even if they really have 17 mil , this number is segregated between pc/ps4/xbox , which is important for several things for example : people claim that once blizzard starts advertising pro-ow on their client people will start watching it ... but that wo n't help if your players never touch your client , like all ps4 and xbox players . 
  tier 1 's were removed apparently , but tier 2 still exist and are still useless , it 's just wasted ip once you are allowed to buy tier 3 runes , it would be better if you could for example : buy 1x tier 2 ad rune for 400 ip but then you could upgrade it to a tier 3 ad rune for another 400 ip ( if the overall total of the tier 3 ad rune was 800 ip ) , but right now imagine someone that does n't know better buys 9 tier 2 ad runes , after a couple of months he realizes that tier 3 are wayyy better , and buys 9 tier 3 runes , those tier 2 runes will never ever be used again . 
  i did n't know that tier 2 were 1 ip , ok fair enough . 
  i do still hate the rune system though , giving its power fully to the mastery trees would improve balance and customization , since both systems tend to be standardize rather quickly since neither can have a very big impact in the game ( aside from the keystones ), 
  this ... could possibly remove flash as a must have in some champions , similar to how some prefer ghost to flash , it would mostly be champions that already have mobility skills ... god imagine fizz with this < ___ <, 
  still in the last couple of years riot showed they are more interested in removing mechanics from the game than introduce new ones ( aside from the plants ) doubt they would ever introduce new summoners , after all it 's their `` bronze to gold '' balance team that deals with summoners and i doubt they can handle more work . 
  in the context of this thread , they have not added a new summoner spell in more than 4 years , while removing at least 2 ( revive and clairvoyance ) instead of just reworking them into something else . 
  another example is them removing the special buffs given my jungle monsters `` because it was very one-note '' instead of trying to rebalance them . 
  aside from that the only reason there 's some variety into the keystones right now is because they muted all their power , even though they are supposed to feel powerful . 
  items and champions are not game system like the map/summoners/masteries / runes . 
  [ edit ] : also the bounty system is fucking awful , if someone has 2 kills or 10 the only difference when you kill them is 60 extra gold for each member of the team , this is meaningless . 
  [ about the second part  ( http://nexus.leagueoflegends.com/2017/02/ask-riot-i-need-more-keys/ ), 
  | game systems :, 
  systems focuses primarily on long-term work , working on the foundational rules that lol runs by . 
  stuff like map layout , how runes/masteries work , how xp/gold are generated , etc. 
  | systems works in more conceptual/abstract spaces on average than the other teams . 
  design principles and theoretical analysis are especially important here . 
  bronze up to gold elo, 
  this is the most obvious answer every time someone posts a thread like this , which is almost every day , i do n't understand why the mods just do n't just put on the sidebar `` new to the game ? 
  visit / r/summonerschool '', 
  old graves was a worse version of lucian and was barely played in proplay and soloq . 
  new graves has been a standard in the meta in one way or the other since he was reworked . 
  what kit people prefer is meaningless if you have a champion that barely gets played besides by a select few . 
  i 'll repeat myself until it happens , just freaking make a diablo-like isometric action rpg , there 's so many good ones coming out right now , and they are still very popular . 
  they could even do expansion-type special missions where you play as league champions for 4 or 5 levels , people would eat that shit up . 
  honestly , i always had much respect for valve ( the developer ) after i was introduced to them with the orange box , but i also always thought that valve ( steam ) was super scummy and their efforts to crowdsource labor to their community was pretty exploitative ( not only with items , but also with the curation of their store and with project greenlight ) , in theory allowing the community to make stuff for the games they love while getting practical experience and monetary value from it is amazing , but the amount they received was pretty bullshit , specially when you are getting professional work done for your game while not paying these people as employees , so you skip health insurance and all other things companies have to pay for their employees . 
  valve created multiple systems of crowdsourcing labor to thousands of freelancers freeing themselves of having to employ people and gaining huge amounts of money for barely any effort from their part . 
  i think we can blame [ varoufakis ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afl9wfgje0m ) for this as well . 
  nothing against the man he 's somewhat a political rockstar for the communist left around here , but he did make the microtransations systems for dota and cs : go when he worked for valve . 
  i 'm personally burned out of this structure , and this counts for every region , the only part of the split interesting enough to watch are the playoffs , the rest feels like a 3 months long group stage , where all you see is teams gaining/losing points , if the lcs was a bracket style 3 months long tournament with a losers bracket that would be more interesting as a viewer , but i understand why it is n't since some teams would drop off at the start and never be seen again until the next split . 
  so yeah , count me in for semi/finals in playoffs and international events , otherwise i 'm not wasting my time watching a bunch of substandard teams slowly learning the meta for 3 months , also , the fact that koreans are so dominant and you see little to no effort of western teams to evolve with them makes both lcs even more boring to watch . 
  and at the same time setting up phase 3 , which i thought was the most annoying parts of the movie , they literally broke the pacing of the movie multiple times to set up future movies . 
  i said ultron had some parts that were exclusively to set up the next movies ... bvs in its entirety was exclusively to set up the next movies since it 's story was non-existent besides some fake nonsense conflict . 
  they are both different shades of shit . 
  unique visitors per month , you can see the stats on the traffic page of the main sub , which a much more important figure for ads than how many people are subbed to it . 
  i meant that if you are trying to buy a place to put your ads it 's more important for you to know how many possible viewers on average will see your ads ( monthly unique viewers ) than how many redditors decided to subscribe to a specific sub , there 's a ton of lurkers on reddit and those do show up as unique viewers .
