  also , this new system forces teams to fill a second squad for the academy series , which means 2 more import spots for each org that teams can then interchange between their main squad and their academy squad . 
  but it 's focused on only 3 or 4 cities initially , also china has 2/3 of league 's playerbase . 
  if you play aram in a low level account after midnight you get 5 bots on the enemy team every single time , they just buy random stuff walk to the middle of the lane and group as close together as possible so that you can wombo them and push . 
  common sense ? 
  mate riot barely has a full studio every week in la and berlin , which are pretty big cities ... 
  not a single team has signed to the overwatch league as far as we know , the last news was those nfl orgs that had a `` verbal agreement '' for 20 million which was ludicrous . 
  not if they are using it as a way to show potential viewership that until this point has been abysmal for overwatch , even hots pulls more esports hours viewed than ow . 
  the issue is n't if a city is big enough or not , the population of a city is n't representative of the potential viewers/players/fans that an esports team can aggregate in a particular city , the issue with esports is that sure they can get incredible numbers right now , but it 's mostly because they are global in reach , you can have 20 million people living in chicago but only 2k overwatch/league fans there , what 's the point of a team wasting money becoming city base when there 's barely a localized audience ? 
  even league with it 's `` 100 million '' monthly players , 2/3 are in china and the rest is spread between the rest , na has ** maybe ** 2-3 million players , now spread those few million between all of na and tell me if you think it makes sense for a team to become city-based ? 
  people are pushing too much the traditional sports narrative when videogames are nowhere near that level yet . 
  is n't that hr m.o. ? 
  they ignored tribes after smite came out , and now smite is the bastard child after their newest shiniest game paladins came out . 
  probably has some free time between cs : go tournaments , there 's a couple of weeks every year where thoorin just pumps out a ridiculous amount of videos . 
  there was a month where he made 1 or 2 new videos per day for an entire month it was ridiculous . 
   esports is young , and who knows how long league will stick around . 
  i actually would want a roi in 3 years , just to be safe . 
  very likely the full 10 million . 
  i highly doubt that it will be worth it for at least 50 % of the teams , unless team-skins come into being which were actually not mentioned at all . 
  remember how ingame sales are a large part of a teams income for other games . 
  they will never do champion skins for teams since that 's exclusive for the worlds winners , but in their page they have `` team-branded digital products '' , so they will probably expand into more stuff , there 's already team icons but those barely sell , they might do in-game team taunts , team-based recalls ( they had them during msi ) , ward skins , they might let you customize your profile with team banners , there 's a bunch of shit they could have done before and it 's ridiculous that they have n't implemented them yet . 
  also , the specific team sponsors and team merchandise will be partly collected and redistributed between all teams , so teams with few sponsors might see significant increases in revenue . 
  i 'm talking about monthly viewership over the last year , ow consistently gets less esports hours viewed than hots and hs , even sc2 if they have a big tournament going on in that month , and a recent studied showed that it 's the esport with the smallest player-viewer ratio , with 62 % of the people being players only that have n't seen a pro-game of overwatch in the last 12 months . 
  you say `` got an easy 100k viewers '' like that number is in any way shape or form impressing for blizzard 's biggest event of the year and for a tournament of the most hyped and publicized game released by blizzard in the last decade ... 
   i call bullshit on that statistic , link me the source or it 's irrelevant . 
  [ source ] ( https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/esports-franchises-70-watch-only-one-game-and-42-dont-play/?utm_campaign=esports&amp;utm_source=twitter&amp;utm_medium=social ) ( was on mobile , i could n't link ), 
   as i said before hots ( and sc2 which i 'm shocked ur implying that 's not a major esport ) have had years to build , it 's not a fair comparison . 
  league has been going for 7 years . 
  their first year they had less than ow tournaments even after the stream fucking ends . 
  you say that it 's not a fair comparison , yet you compare the start of league of legends esports , a unknown game made by an unknown developer based on a mod , in a 2009 esport industry context , to the first year of overwatch , an increadibly hyped competitive game made by one of the biggest industry leaders , a game that broke all sales records and according to blizzard already has a much bigger playerbase that league had in 2009 . 
  and in 2016 esport context , where the industry is miles more developed than it was 7 years ago . 
  [ sidenote : lol no sc2 had its place but it 's not a major esport nowadays , not anymore ], 
   * edit : who the fuck are you to have the arrogance to think you know more ? 
  lol you are taking this way too personally buddy , i do n't know shit , but analists like thoorin and richard lewis , and other personalities that also had blizzard esport teams , total biscuit ( sc2 ) and jesse cox ( hots ) all question what statistics blizzard took out of their ass and showed these investors that make 20 million even possible . 
  that 's some high quality shitpost mate . 
  also , i know it was in the play style section but you seriously did n't just compare windranger 's shackleshot to bard 's cosmic binding ? 
  mate , you do you , if you want to believe that blizzard knows what they are doing even though they have an history of fucking up every esport they touch ( besides the meme-fest rng-apocalypse that is heartstone ) well you go for it , if they succeed every esport gains something with it , but i seriously doubt it will , at least to the level they are trying to achieve . 
   it 's much better to express your words like alex jones . 
  so ... you want op to go full retard ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with adapting systems from another game as long as it fits your game , case in point : the talent trees for dota . 
  i like [ thornmail ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=teehz2x32li ) :\\ item is garbage though or just increadibly niche , the only champion that can consistently use it is rammus since his defensive ball curl is exactly the same as the item and it increases his armor which by consequence increases the damage that both his ability and thornmail reflect . 
  i gave up trying to discuss items changes in league the moment a rioter kept throwing out that they do n't want to create powerful actives because people that bought the old dfg item only used it 1 % of the time ( which i call bullshit , it was a must have on every burst champion ) . 
  more recent examples of riot garbage item balance :, 
  1 ) redemption - they finally created an item with a powerful active , a huge aoe heal that can be used after being dead and also damages enemies . 
  the result ? 
  you started having 2 to 3 people building it every single game , it became a first buy item for all supports even if they were tanks and did n't benefit from the base stats . 
  it 's getting gutted next patch apparently . 
  2 ) abyssal specter - magic damage item with magic resistance + cooldown reduction and a aura that reduces magic resistance of enemies around you . 
  this item pretty much had everything a mage wants , so it started getting built on every single champion and in every game . 
  riot a couple of patches ago decided to rework it , changed the passive with another item that gives a spellshield . 
  the result ? 
  the new item with the spellshield became the new `` i do n't care what i 'm playing i must buy this every . 
  single . 
  time . '', 
  every single new item eventually has to get nerfed into the ground because they are incapable to balacing them , the new active mage items ( the hextech items ) got nerfed after release , all the new assassin items with actives got nerfed after release . 
   men against fire, 
  i like that episode , it was kinda weak but it was a good analogy to how war state propaganda alters the perception people have of `` the enemy '' and dehumanizes them , similar to starship troopers . 
  i thought hated in the nation was the worst of the season . 
  i always recommend watching be right back first , it 's the perfect mix of technophobia , depressing reality but also kinda hopeful . 
  i really liked the ending of that episode , and hayley atwell and domhnall gleeson are amazing actors . 
  it still means all 5 will stream under the echo fox org brand , that 's pretty huge for echo fox , now they only have to get an actual bot lane so they are decent in lcs as well . 
  i do n't know how their contracts might be , but since they are also players technically they probably get a small salary , and echo fox helps them with all technical necessities and possible legal issues , ef should also probably help them get sponsor deals similar to how youtube agencies work . 
  usually for smaller streamers being part of an org also helps them get a bigger part of the 5 $ subscription fee instead of the 50/50 for everybody else , but since all 5 of them are pretty big i doubt they do n't have already similar deals with twitch . 
  a talent manager ca n't access that same type of sponsors that a real org can . 
  when an org proposes a deal to a sponsor most of the time it 's for all their players/streamers , not a single person . 
  it 's the difference between beyond the rift being sponsored by bloody ( lol ) or razer , for example . 
  is n't he going to australia for a couple of months , that might be the reason why he 's not in the squad . 
  `` visiting '' , he will be there for 90 days . 
  i only know because fed put a clip of it in his last youtube video . 
  i 'll just quote another guy that had a mental breakdown yesterday when i argued with him that blizzard has no idea what they are doing :, 
   i made that comparison to show how unfair it is ? 
  1 year is n't enough time for anybody to generate a massive scene . 
  i take it personally because there 's so many ` know-it-alls ' out there spewing the same bullshit as you as if it 's truth . 
  on every video to do with overwatch and even shit on this sub-reddit which has nothing to do with overwatch there u all are spreading the gospel . 
  watching you all feed off each others bullshit makes me sick when none of you know what you 're talking about . 
  like what makes you want to talk shit about something you have no idea about on a subreddit that has nothing to do with it ? 
  why do u even care that much ? 
  i care because i love the game , i care about the growing scene and get immensely frustrated when people like you kick up shit like you know what you 're talking about . 
  i watched all rl and thorins videos and also monte 's , and their criticism is valid because they know what the fuck they 're talking about . 
  they have special interest in the scene , they have sources , monte is now employed by blizz they have invested their lives and careers into this scene . 
  but you 're literally an unknown alias , along with every other little professional investor on reddit who spread their opinions like fact about shit that does n't even matter to them . 
  i still have n't updated the client to see , but i saw a post on the league sub talking about it and i thought it was ridiculous . 
  do the previous 3rd party programs that inject the sets with the highest % builds still work ? 
  it 's just personal build sets , i just got used to calling them item sets from playing league . 
  20 in total, 
  yes like dota 's custom build sets, 
  riot stopped releasing so many champions per year a long time ago , now it 's more or less 5-6 new champions a year while fully remaking ( visual and gameplay upgrade ) older champions between new champion release . 
  when a new champion is announced they get [ spotlight pages ] ( http://na.leagueoflegends.com/en/featured/champion-xayah-rakan-reveal ) that show abilities , backstory , and design choices . 
  that at least as more to discuss about than a random video of an hero that does n't show anything but his skins ... 
  it seems he 's talking about yasuo 's windwall, 
  so , did riot break their own moba rules by creating `` change-form '' ults ? 
  jayce/nidalee/elise 's ult is n't their most powerful ability ... also , there 's a ton of champions in that game that have more powerful basic abilities than their ults ... 
  his other heroic seems to be way better since his entire kit works around his reaper 's mark . 
  i 've played very little of hots but thanks to it 's non-stop constant teamfight , an ability that makes you tankier ( +20 armor ) , allows for aoe % health dps + aoe heal , seems pretty good . 
  sidenote : why ca n't we see videos of the abilities , there 's pictures of them so i know they can show them ... 
  the new client actually had all the numbers , but they removed them , maybe the servers could n't handle all those numbers lul . 
  nope , they removed the ability numbers ( damage/cooldowns/etc ) from the previews in the new client . 
  the viewership would quickly decline after people realize that those games wo n't have them talking to each other all the time and they will probably get stomped by the challenger squads since they do n't even have a dedicated jungler and support . 
  he 's the guy that was on [ ls patch note 's a couple of months ago ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rdurqaoiqyc ) , i guess we know how he got into tempo storm . 
  lol the mental gymnastics happening in that thread are something really special, 
  sidenote : i gave the stream a try , 720p max resolution on twitch ?
