  i miss jugger ` maw comps in pro-play , but it 's so easy to just ban lulu and it does n't work anymore :\\, 
  to be fair , people are figuring out a bunch of new combos with flash right now , and the practice tool ( like the name says ) will probably be mostly used by people that want to improve specific mechanics , the large large majority of the community does n't actually care about training stuff like that , why waste 30 ~ 40 minutes improving your insec mechanics when you could try it in a real game . 
  what i meant is that people do n't care about training stuff , it 's the same reason you have people playing champions for the first time in ranked , `` why bother wasting time in normals when i can learn the champion in ranked '' - type mentality, 
  well , [ millennials have less sex than their parents ] ( http://time.com/4435058/millennials-virgins-sex/ ) , so might as well do all the bases at once . 
  why does nobody question a 23 days old account posting a pretty self-masturbatory post about being high-elo in hots and it being the best game ever ? 
  this is obviously phishing for karma ... 
  to be fair i do n't know your personal experience , but i used to have a huge grudge against my grandmother because she was just straight awful to my mother ( her daughter ) all my life , she made my mother miserable since the day i was born , but they both died already and all that grudge feels kinda meaningless now , just different perspectives i guess :\\, 
  for the second time today , i 'm pretty sure that 's just a troll/karma seeking post , like , there 's a post like that every other month and the comments are always people going full sjw or people giving riot a blowjob for going with less standard looking champions in the last couple of years , is there a league of legends circlejerk sub or does the main sub function like one ? 
  slightly off topic , but as anyone notice that blizzard 's approach to character development is throwing a different minority characteristic to them ? 
  mei is chubby !, 
  * character development !, 
  * character development !, 
  * , now apparently ~ ~ pharah ~ ~ symmetra is autistic ... 
  i consider myself extremely liberal specially by american standards , but it feels like blizzard has the need to tick as many boxes off as possible so that everyone feels included instead of actually doing interesting stuff with them . 
  yeah , sorry i only saw it as an headline the other day, 
  i 'm sorry but you ca n't just look at origen and tl panicking right now trying not to be relegated and see it as an issue for the current system , both teams year-long mismanagement and lack of ability to maintain and recruit talent to keep them competitive is the reason for their panicking and possible relegation and that 's also the biggest counterargument against franchising , why should we care if 2 teams that ca n't stay competitive for over a year get relegated freeing space for better orgs to try it ? 
  the issue is that even though riot said they would be implementing more ways for teams to earn money by being in the lcs we still have not seen anything new , staying in the lcs is the old `` you get paid by exposure '' shit deal . 
  create new venues for teams to earn money in the lcs forcing them to stay competitive and improve the challenger scene so that dropping to it is n't the death of an organization are way better ways in my opinion to create stability in the scene instead of locking spots for undeserving and noncompetitive organizations . 
  burden of knowledge is only an issue when you are trying to attract people that do n't play the game , and this right here is my biggest issue with the traditional sports vs esports debate . 
  most people like traditional sports as a spectator experience , i hate using a ghostcrawler example but fuck it , most people that watch nascar are not going to go drive one of those cars next , esports on the other hand are different because from the start everybody has access to the same tools to play , you watch esports competitions because 5 minutes after it ends you can jump into a game and try it out yourself without being limited by physical or situational restrains , this is why the vast majority i could argue watch esports . 
  blizzard and montecristo apparently live in a delusional fever dream where people that do n't even own overwatch will jump in to watch their overwatch league just because it has less `` burden of knowledge '' , they are trying to market their esports for the ultra-casual viewer which is kinda moronic . 
  also he ignores the normal ebb and flow of matches , right now cs : go , dota , league , fuck even heartstone , they all have highs and lows of action , which creates an enjoyable viewing experience by allowing the games to calm down a bit for analysis and discussion , overwatch is a non-stop 6v6 teamfight over a single objective , as a player that 's just fine , but how do n't viewers get bored ? 
  high action is mostly engaging in contrast with low action moments . 
  sidenote : fun to see montecristo going full on pr chill mode trying to reassure that he was right 6 months ago and that the overwatch league will revolutionize esports , after all the shit that has been coming out of it . 
  it 's interesting to see that aside from big events all esports have a constant monthly ~ 30 % esport share of viewership , i personally kinda get bored of watching `` personality streams '' but it seems i 'm alone in this . 
  on topic : mate just wait for the overwatch league their 25 million * registered accounts * on pc + xbox + playstation will all flock to see the pc exclusive north american-only tournament !, 
  riot had to hire a entire new pr team after the last one committed mass suicide thanks to tryndamere 's clusterfuck last year . 
  the only full soloq match streams/vods i watch are the coaching sessions ls does for league and purge does for dota0 , and that 's because they explain what should be done in any given situation and explain their thought process for it , but recently a league streamer/youtuber that i actually enjoyed because he was 100 % informative came out saying he hated doing it and would stop because people kept asking him the same questions over and over again and was getting tired of it , so i understand why 99 % of streams on twitch are people just enjoying themselves playing the games instead of being informative , i still do n't get why other people watch them ... but on the other hand in korea people love watching other people eat large amounts of food on stream ... 
  it 's even worse if you have 2 champions that share the same `` theme '' , the most recent one that i notice how bad it was were the dark star skins for [ thresh and varus ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-ih8hapgw178/v0-kwyoferi/aaaaaaaa7uo/rtzutecee-gaakaekwr9srtdr054r4leaclcb/s1600/dfafdsfaf.jpg ) , at a glance they look wayyy too similar while looking very distant from their base models . 
  i think with these is how similar the color scheme and particles are , i also have issues with the [ cottontail fizz ] ( http://s3.amazonaws.com/leaguesales/images/imgs/000/000/143/original/cottontail-fizz-02.jpg?1452911753 ) vs [ cottontail teemo ] ( https://lolskinshop.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/05/cottontail-teemo-teemo-skins-teemo-lol2.png ) , they can easily confuse a person at first glance . 
  i honestly think the best thing riot did skin wise lately was that in most recent chromas they rework new textures instead of just swapping colors , it gives more options while maintaining the consistency of the model , best example is the [ surprise party amumu chromas ] ( https://scontent.cdninstagram.com/t51.2885-15/s640x640/sh0.08/e35/17076807_831614713658938_995530418000232448_n.jpg ), 
  sightly off-topic but it 's mentioned in the article , his recent tv show with bbc `` taboo '' was really really good , and he 's one of the best things about it , hardy 's ability to express feeling and thought just through facial expressions and grunts is fucking amazing . 
  to be fair riot deserved a ton of the shit they received last year and they still have not implemented half of the stuff they said they would in their esport division . 
  case in point : another esport clusterfuck is happening and riot still does n't have an outsider impartial arbitration to deal with it . 
  but yeah the cult of personality towards blizzard is fucking creepy , there 's fans and then there 's mindless fanatics , they glorify jeff kaplan like he 's the second coming of jesus , dota does it with icefrog but since he does n't present himself personally it does n't feel as kim jong-un * - ish * as jeff with his `` hey guys lets talk about how we at blizzard are great developers and really want the best for you , trust us !, 
  every year people say this but it 's also very rare for previous challenger teams to not be in the bottom 3 lcs spots , i agree with op , reduce the number of lcs teams , make it more competitive , and grow the challenger tournament so that people actually give a shit about watching it as a place where up and coming talent competes with previous lcs squads , this way it would also be less of a total collapse if an lcs team drops to challenger , since it might not be the death of the org . 
  people were discussing the other day in r/games how people that were very hardcore about the sims are just sims fans , they do n't really enjoy games in general , they like the sims specially , i have the feeling that wow was like that for many people , now you have a huge mass of people that spent thousands of hours in wow with barely any context of the industry in general besides other blizz games thanks to bnet , they just move from blizz game to blizz game , they created a perfect bubble for their little drones to develop , you do n't have to question blizzard ideas since all you see is what blizzard gives you . 
  that 's why when they talk about a blizz titles they only discuss it in comparison to other blizz titles or use buzzwords against games they do n't understand , like `` archaic mechanics '', 
  i think it 's funny that they made the game without a draft because they wanted people to trade on the fly during the match , but 1 ) the only resource the game actually has , which is ult % disappears if you change characters , so you are punished for adapting to the enemy comp on the fly , and 2 ) their competitive meta seems to be always 6-8 heroes , if they wanted to balance for everyone to be viable it ai n't working , it 's like people are ignorant about one of the primary objectives of a draft is to ban certain picks so that other can be played , this way they will never get out of the 6-8 heroes meta . 
  like , i agree that riot going full political correctness is stupid as fuck and makes it impossible to create rivalries , something that actually happens in ogn and their thrash talk clips are always gold , but them going on about the word `` esports '' and how it neutered competitive gaming is self entitled as fuck , it makes them look as peasant as most of the people in the league sub that cry every time someone said they were shit in a ranked match . 
  i kinda want to see the extreme hate they develop once riot releases their fighting game , there 's going to be some sweet sweet drama in the fgc . 
  can you say the same about na lcs ? 
  to be fair yoloq and competitive are completely different , the reason there 's only more or less 30 picks in competitive at any meta is because riot decides to balance around plat + and low diamond ( according to ghostcrawler ) , pretty much anything in viable in yoloq at any point , with some special cases for champions that are just straight up broken or shit tier . 
  it 's interesting to see and understand the differences between dota/league balance philosophies and since they have very different results in both competitive and soloq . 
  but lets circlejerk a bit more i guess ... 
  [ my main reason why voice com is fucking necessary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=74nbctr7d2y ) , trying to force 4 other people to focus something just with pings and chat in the middle of a team fights is fucking impossible , people are retarded if they advocate against a feature they can easily ignore , while simultaneously being beneficial for other people . 
  i skimmed the earlier thread , right now i 'm in episode 8 , i swear people saw 1 or 2 episodes and decided to shit on it or they are just bandwagoning the early reviews , like you said the fights at the start were pretty meh , but they improved considerably , colleen 's run the jewels fight was pretty neat and iron fist was pretty great in the 6th episode , even daredevil had some questionable fights in the second season . 
  another critique i saw over and over again was how shitty the dialogue was , i agree at times , but that also improves and i honestly think they did better character development of the side characters than the other shows , and i think it 's plain hypocrisy when luke cage had some abysmal dialogue at times that took me completely out of the show . 
  tl : dr ; i think this will be viewed better after people take their heads out of their ass and actually see the show . 
  true , it 's the old tsm squad from 4 years ago , before they even got bjergsen , shotcalling and macro strategies were barely a thing that western teams cared about back then , and people still wonder why pro league is dominated by koreans ... 
  i specifically said the first 2 episodes , the first season of bojack horseman is pretty shitty , but the last 6 episodes of that same season are some of the best tv i 've ever seen in my life . 
  [ montecristo has a video about it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ajfcs0wxjo4 ) , it was when tryn went to the main league sub and started shitting on the orgs head for being ungrateful and needed to manage their money better, 
  guys please ... [ * green * twitch ] ( https://elohub.com/images/champions/twitch/kingpin_twitch_skin_large.jpg ) into [ kingpin twitch ] ( https://1.bp.blogspot.com/-wmcs5v-nrx0/wbebzdtt5mi/aaaaaaaa_hy/69q4k5_9mfw6psh-a1wonecpu7oaeuobgclcb/s1600/twitch_splash_1.jpg ), 
  it 's in the australian league , a group of players were contracted for the oceanic league under an australian organization that right from the first month neglected a bunch of stuff that was in their contracts , after months of trying to fix it they contacted riot oceania , which did nothing ( apparently some rioters have past dealings with the org in question ) , players got a laywer and got out legaly since the organization breached their contracts , the org on the other hand refuses to remove them from riot 's players master list ( which defines which players are free and who are under contracts ) , recently riot oce released a statment of `` we will be doing stuff '' written by the rioter with past dealings with the org, 
  i 'll repeat this , league needs more interactive items with interesting actives , why not instead of op 's idea , why not have an item whose active increases a single target 's ability cooldowns for 5 seconds ? 
  why do n't we have a silencing or polymorph items ? 
  there 's so many niche items that could be done , even if they were used less than 1 % of the time there would be more options , since right now the item meta for most roles is pretty stale or at least incredibly one-dimensional . 
  i know it was broken as fuck , but it was so satisfying after you nailed the range to consistently aoe stun people :\\ still my only penta on ranked was with pre-rework veigar , i miss him . 
  meanwhile their player testing team is all diamond + , i feel sorry for them , i bet they are tired of trying to explain how stupid their balance is at times . 
  also they have 2 separate teams for champions/items balance and another for game balance ( i.e. 
  map changes , experience , gold gain , etc etc etc. ), 
  which is so fucking retarded . 
  there 's tuna in olive oil that you can eat without washing it :\\ it 's not disgusting , canned sausage on the other hand is really really disgusting . 
  i 'll give you a recent example of why this is awful :, 
  this year 's pre-season was going to be the assassins rework , the champion 's team picked 6 or 7 assassins and reworked their kits and created lethality items so they could be played during the pre-season and balanced . 
  but at the same time , the bronze/silver game mechanics team reworked the jungle monsters and experience , resulting the brilliant meta where junglers with 2 camps could reach level 3 before laners got level 2 , and they also reworked the mastery trees adding the broken as fuck courage of the colossus , making everyone with cc a tank . 
  this lack of communication between the two teams resulted in most assassins , the major update of the pre-season , being ignored cause tanks are their natural counters , it took them almost the entire pre-season to nerf the living shit out of the jungle exp and colossus , queue the start of the season and with an overbuff to lethality suddenly welcome to the league of lethality , which resulted in almost 2 months of broken as fuck assassins and a stale as fuck adc meta ( with almost 100 % pick/ban rate for jhin/varus ) because riot `` was waiting to see data on how to nerf them '' , which did n't exist since nobody touched them during the pre-season . 
  ** tl ; dr : balancing a game is already fucking hard , dividing the different balance aspects of a game between multiple people in different teams is goddamn fucking awful . 
  90 % of the people that watch pro-league eat this shit up , someone posted a couple of weeks ago how ridiculous some of the eu and na lcs casters were by trying to hype up the nexus explosion when it 's mostly just a formality when one team has a 10k gold lead . 
  like it has been said before , league has almost zero comeback mechanics if one teams has a huge gold lead unless they fuck up really hard , like getting aced and getting a baron stolen , you are not going to be able to comeback from such a deficit . 
  the moment a team is winning and destroys the base towers the game is pretty much over and the next couple of minutes are mostly just waiting for them to push and end . 
  yet ... every ... single ... fucking ... nexus ... is the most fake overhyped bullshit , same thing with 40 minutes long matches with less than 10 deaths in which the riot casters just keep repeating `` omg look at that macro play !, 
  they totally went top and took that tower !, 
  they are brilliant ! '' ... 
  edit : is that phreak ? 
  fuck phreak , that retard become one of the `` top '' lcs casters by sucking dicks , he 's one of the worst casters to ever touch the lcs yet he gets to cast some pretty big events , fucking depressing . 
  you should give the graphic novel it 's based of a try , it explores even more the psychology of jessica that the show was n't able because of time/setting constraints , and it made me appreciate the show even more , definitely my favorite of the 4 shows so far , but this is n't a popular opinion apparently . 
  she 's fine , but people keep maxing her w for no fucking reason , both in op.gg and champion.gg maxing her q first has an above 50 % winrate . 
  this fucking sub needs to stop screaming `` they killed * x * ! '', 
  after a single fucking patch ... 
  ... they are all free , download them all and play for yourself you do n't need strangers to give you reasons on why to play a game when most of the things people will say you wo n't notice in the first 20h ~ 30h you play . 
  well , this is / r/dotamasterrace i bet many with more knowledge of dota 's balance history than me could talk about it better , but dota shows that a small focused team in charge of every game system is way better , sure league and dota have many different systems that make their balance different in many ways , but one is consistently praised for being mostly balanced in pro-play , while league consistently sees it 's meta became stale and `` solved '' even with a 2 weeks balance rotation . 
  i think that in most contexts when casual is used in association with overwatch is because the vast vast majority of the playerbase plays it casually ( i.e. 
  as a fun game to relax for a couple of hours ) and show very little interest to it 's competitive mode and esports scene . 
  [ esports tier list according to esl 's founder ] ( http://cds.y4j7y8s9.hwcdn.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/gametiers_jan17_hilgers.jpg ), 
  it 's important to note that rising thunder characters also had `` abilities '' as combos with cooldowns and everything , hence the theory that radiant was bought out to insert league champions into their engine . 
  honestly i think this tier list is pretty shitty , if you are going to quantify esports the only thing that actually matters should be hours watched . 
  for you to be part of a tier you only need to fulfill 2 of the categories , this means that for example overwatch , if blizzard puts down 5 million dollars for their overwatch league prize pool and with it 's `` 25 million active users '' , would be a tier 1 esports , even though nobody watches it , making this tier list meaningless . 
  it does n't give exp though ... not even custom matches give exp/ip . 
  it 's just the same stupid mentality that locks away summoner 's spells and has 3 tiers of runes when it 's a waste of ip to ever buy tier 1 and tier 2 . 
  they need something for people to obtain while leveling . 
  i think brendan is respectable for someone that came out of nowhere , did he ever cast league before spotv ? 
  today i learned that u/kn0thing invested on cloud 9 :o can we please have some neat reddit snoo x cloud 9 gear ? 
  til 2.0 , this was way before my time , reddit nation was hai 's team that got sponsored by reddit to go to the lone star 2 tournament , they then became quantic gaming , and later cloud 9 . 
  we reached full circle boys . 
  as far as i know it 's mostly bots in low levels , my housemate started a new account after being permabanned ( not even that pulled him away from league ) , and around midnight in eu west the aram queue is filled with farm bots , and it 's fucking obvious all they do is walk towards the enemy team and as soon as they are near them they grouped together to be easier to kill . 
  he sounds like hamill 's joker but on 10 extra packs of cigarettes a day, 
  like ... i will give props to league when it deserves , but the 3 things you mentioned are shit examples :, 
  | working report system - most bans are automatic and done by bots based on key words in chat and other behaviors , all that reports do is reinforce or justify the automatic bans . 
  | proper matchmaking system - the higher you get the more probable it is for you to be matched with people 1 or 2 divisions below you , fuck even in plat you can be matched with a silver 2 just because he 's duo with a gold 1 , even though a plat player ca n't duo queue with a silver player .
