  also , question for someone that actually follow ow esport scene : so , is their world cup the only pro tournament happening until blizzcon in november ? 
  that 's like 4 months of these players being stuck in this thing with no actual competition happening ? 
   she can even jungle , just not optimally , but it 's there . 
  aside from maybe raptors her jungle clear is super good , if you kite correct you can do blue/red without losing more than 10 % of your life , and she has one of the best level 2 ganks in the game with red buff imo . 
  sidenote , i do n't think full pen is mandatory , duskblade + statick shiv are her bread and butter , then you can build according to the enemy team , most of the times ghostblade is very good if you need to chase someone . 
  but apparently the 12k upvoted thread comparing team liquids winrate with cancer 's `` winrate '' was totally league related . 
  i seriously do n't understand this type of mentality , esports are still a niche culture inside of gaming in general , maybe try to take esports into mainstream gaming before you try to take it into mainstream sports . 
  john doe , sports fanatic , is way less likely to change channel to a cs : go tournament and stop to watch it than gamer `` xxxcod420xxx '' that already understands certain gaming notions and genre tropes and can more easily identify what 's happening on screen . 
  this dumb chasing the rabbit of the non-gamers is a waste of money and time and might actually colapse the industry if they push it too hard because investors will see no roi , the actual esports holy grail is attracting even more the demographic that spends hours and hours watching youtubers playing games , why does nobody point out to the ridiculous amount of views that cod youtubers get , yet cod esports is still a tier 3 esports ? 
  bring gamers into esports and then you can start thinking about `` the mainstream '', 
  wait seriously ? 
  are tv networks just scouring all possible comic books for tv shows nowadays ? 
  happy was only a 4 issues mini-series by grant morrison , i do n't understand how they are making a series based of it o_o, 
  but hey , if this opens the doors for more morrison tv shows , please hbo get the invisibles , i would also love a doom patrol tv show with a similar aesthetic to legion , or maybe an annihilator show directed by max landis ( it 's only fair since the main character is based on him ) . 
  it sucks that most of his greatest work belongs to dc and they seem to throw all their projects to cw :\\, 
  ~ ~ if the skrulls are the big baddies of phase 4 and we have a scene of the avengers/shield trying to figure what the skrulls are , would be incredibly stupid since they already showed up in agents of shield . ~ ~ edit : i need to rewatch agents of shield ... 
  also , as much as i want a skrulls invasion movie , is n't that too close to the hydra infiltration of all government bodies ? 
  the all `` enemy within '' thematic is pretty similar . 
  i said `` winrate '' exactly because comparing the two things does n't even make sense , since the winrate of team liquid is n't even a probability , while the chance of a person dying of cancer is . 
  makes no difference , the league equivalent is the passive `` ghosted '' which can be inherent in many champions ( like kassadin and fizz ) , an active when using the ghost summoner 's spell or a passive given by the item phantom dancer , and people can still sometimes get creep blocked even if they have the `` ghosted '' passive, 
  oh sorry nevermind vin-tak was a skrull , my mistake . 
  yeah , i was mistaken i thought vin-tak was a skrull . 
  just pick tristana , with the recent buffs and interactions between statik shiv and rapid firecannon , she 's pretty much the safest and best adc to delete towers and kite fights if you have no idea what you are doing . 
  fun fact that many people do n't seem to know , your jump resets if you blow a max stack bomb on an enemy you do n't need to get a kill/assist . 
  that 's what happens when you have direct access to * at least * 16 million users for free , reddit is making native advertising easier and easier , it probably started when studios noticed the amount of free marketing that ama 's gave their movies if they forced one of the actors to do one easy to do publicity `` stunt '' with an actor answering some questions for like 1 hour from the comfort of their room or traveling to another publicity event , not only does it get the attention of millions of reddit users , but will most definitely get retweeted , posted on facebook , and made into thousands of `` top 10 unbelievable stuff that x person said in his/her ama ! '', 
  in multiple languages . 
  reddit is making it ever so easy to be cynical on the internet . 
  they did n't really revert the changes , previously the damage of both items would go off , this was during the time that vayne would rush both items and get ie 3rd . 
  right now , it still only proc 's the highest damage passive ( statik shiv ) but at the same time they made rfc more important for it 's utility ( higher range + 25 % increase recharge ) . 
  this changes actually incentivizes combining both again , since with that 25 % increase recharge + the increased damage on shiv , the combination now does more damage in prolonged team fights that it initially did when the items came out since you proc it more consistently . 
  but like you said , proc ` ing on towers the damage is also pretty important to taking down towers . 
  it 's an overall great combo , which is being overshadowed right now with the rise of the lethality builds again . 
  it 's a `` grass is always greener on the other side '' type deal , it 's a competitive multiplayer game , people get frustrated easily , there 's as much `` toxicity '' like in pretty much every other mp game . 
  a lot of league players have knowledge of how dota can be objectively better than league ( like the % viable champions ) but still play league over dota for multiple other reasons ( friends ; shitty toasters , etc ) , many probably wish riot would be less stubborn about learning from dota 's balance philosophy to improve their own game . 
  only peasants have knowledge of this information and still choose to blindly defend league . 
  i never saw dark matter , to be honest i always put it together with killjoys and similar low budget sci-fi shows . 
  but still , according to wikipedia , dark matter 's creators are tv show scriptwriters and they always wanted to make it a television show but were forced to make a comic book first . 
  happy !, 
  is a pretty self-contained mini-series on the other hand . 
  i do n't have much experience with hots but medivh is definitely the most interesting hero and would probably be broken as fuck in league . 
  his utility would be godlike , specially the passive trait just for scouting for vision on objectives . 
  also aoe polymorph would be super fun . 
  i also really enjoyed playing brightwing , he could be an improved bard , a true global roaming support . 
  amumu was played in lcs , and he got fucked hard , enemy support stole his blue buff , while the enemy jungler stole is red buff lul . 
  with the rework of his passive he 's actually pretty good situationally if you have a lot of aoe magic dealing champions in your team , but he was quickly nerfed by riot after the rework . 
  his main role and only way to deal damage is by hitting bandage toss which is a slow as fuck projectile , without something like blink dagger or a more reliable form of engage like zac , amumu pretty much sucks balls . 
  which is sad , his music video is probably my favorite non-game related piece of media made by riot . 
  seriously i do n't play cs : go i only watch the majors and cs go is definitely the most exciting esports currently being played , gambit vs immortals was hyped as fuck . 
  it 's sad that league apparently will never be able to reach something like it , the championship structure and the game itself does n't allow for many sudden turnarounds , and it also does n't help that a region pretty much dominates all others . 
  you like [ women with broken spines ] ( https://griff.feen.us/gicwcx.png ) ? 
  you have a weird fetish dude ... 
  some times shit happens , i broke a 3500 + years old boar skull in half by mistake ... i was n't fighting nazies though , so i guess it was less justified than indie 's fuck ups . 
  i was discussing with a friend exactly this the other day , tension is what makes esports exciting to watch , every great esports has moments of high tension and moments of low tension , finding the balance between both is what makes them amazing to watch , too much of either and the viewer experience declines . 
  too long moments of low tension and it becomes boring to watch , too long moments of high tension and great plays get blurred in the middle of so much action . 
  cs : go finds the perfect balance between the two , each round you have short bursts of low tension ( the planning and strategy around the map ) and moments of high tension ( when the teams clash in skirmishes ) , it 's exactly what makes it so fucking exciting to watch , it 's like the perfect high , the low moments allow the hype to build up and then it explodes , and this repeats every single round . 
  league and dota have similar waves of tension , but moments of low tension can be more easily extended than in cs : go when its needed for the macrostrategy of one team , on the other hand , the reason i ca n't force myself to watch overwatch is exactly because there 's almost no moments of low tension , it 's a non-stop 6v6 of people fighting eachother . 
  if we can go `` evil '' non-official superman there 's the plutonian from irredeemable since in the end spoilers he becomes the idea for superman inside the head of two little boys . 
  irredeemable and invincible are my two favorite `` what if superman was a bad guy '' stories ( even though invincible only starts as such , but it does deal with many ethical issues related to superman ) i really really like red son , but those 2 titles just tell a much more compelling story in my opinion . 
  it 's more annoying when you have spanish people swearing and talking shit because they think people do n't understand them ... fucking little rats < _ < * most * latin speaking countries have the worst online players . 
  when tf2 came out i loved playing hours and hours of nothing but go into a no time limit map and troll the enemy snipers as a scout , i pretty much ignored everybody else i would just try to dodge them jumping around and fuck with them . 
  tf2 was probably the last multiplayer game that i was able to just play for fun instead of trying to win . 
  i personally still think warwick was riot 's best rework , most others are pretty much new champions , like sion and galio . 
  warwick is the only one that maintained his old identity but with a improved kit and lets him adapt better to new needs instead of being 1 dimensional, 
   if you look at how people view riot almost everyone has a universal dislike for everything they do . 
  well , in this sub maybe , almost definitely the same if you visit / r/dota2 . 
  meanwhile / r/leagueoflegends praises them for being meme killers . 
  the reality , like most times , falls in the middle ground , same with valve and same with almost every other developer , just because they do good stuff does n't mean you should n't point out when they fuck up , or vice-versa . 
  riot are n't the demons portrait by many , but they also make ridiculous mistakes and are stubborn to change unless put against a wall by the community , but they do adapt when needed . 
  does anyone know if blizzard have pros/highelo players playtesting their games like riot , or are in constant contact with pro-players like valve ? 
  it looks more and more blizzard games are balanced randomly by the game developers that made the game , producing a game/balancing said game are very different dev skills . 
  true , but the guy i was responding too said that it exists an universal dislike for everything riot does , which would be odd for a company to have such a large playerbase and at the same time have such a shitty approval rating , maybe they should run for us president :3, 
  there 's also new tower models apparently , you can see them in the background , new game mode ? 
  special costumizable recalls and taunts would be pretty cool though , there 's a ton of skins that are missing stuff like this but people still prefer to use them , case in point academy ekko is still my favorite skin but it has zero animations or special taunts when compared with skt and project ekko . 
  being able to customize all skins would be pretty cool . 
  it would be nice , but league 's champion models are too simplistic for something like that , i doubt that will ever be possible , i think has far as they can go with `` customization '' of skins is the chromas . 
  exactly , these buffs change nothing in his lanning phase , he can still easily be bullied out of cs and stacks by any competent laner . 
  honestly , this is exactly what i wanted riot to do ( make the damage lower at early levels ; and differentiate between ranged and melee users ) , props to them for not falling yet again to their past mistakes . 
  nice to see their balance team not being afraid of their decisions an let it cooldown a bit more before going down hard with nerfs . 
  [ this guy wrote a pretty extensive post for another new player 2 days ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/6p1yga/7k_dota_player_wanna_move_to_lol/dklxslz/ ) , i also recommend going to / r/summonerschool if you have more questions , goodluck mate . 
  it 's hextech loot exclusive , they said before they do n't want to give loot exclusive skins to champions with few skins , case in point : annie , vayne , darius . 
  there was a good reason though , the map made it difficult for people to see some abilities if they had some sort of color blindness . 
  still they could have reworked the color pallet slightly and made it a 1v1 , 2v2 queue like a ton of people asked . 
  sidenote : the music they made for that map and sr was hype as fuck , it made late game fights so fucking hype, 
  meanwhile [ at the activision-blizzard hq ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=texatquvqac ) every time a kid gets banned in overwatch, 
  queue up for 3v3 or aram in a fresh account after midnight and you will 99 % of the times be matched with a full enemy bot team , and this is in euwest , it 's pretty hilarious actually , their scripts are pretty much just `` walk until you see enemy and group up '' , so that the real players can just wombo their abilities , kill them and push . 
  i swear steve must be the biggest bullshit artist in the business if he can still get investors . 
  people keep saying that `` yeah but liquid is a pretty big org with multiple teams in other titles '' , sure ... but it sure looks like liquid is spending as much money in league as all his other titles combined and they show below average results even with top tier ( mostly ) talent , maybe you could just fire your entire supporting staff and get better coaches and analysts instead of collecting players like they are pokemon ... 
  damn mate , be careful and pay attention to your job , that 's a sensitive man part you have in your mouth right now , i do n't want you to bite anything by mistake while typing . 
  dardoch was n't their only recent acquisition they also got mickey from lck . 
  still according to gamepedia they have 12 players signed , including reignover whom last year was said to be the best payed western player , the rumors said he was being paid a 700k salary . 
  even ignoring reignover and just counting the rest , that 's still 11 player salaries plus coaching staff for a team that for the second split in a row is fighting for the bottom spot . 
  it would be understandable if they were giving a try with newer inexperienced players like echo fox but they are mostly getting veterans , it 's not like they are lacking in talent , so why is n't the main squad working ? 
  i was going to post about this , i 'm laughing my ass off right now about this . 
  blizzard are smart as fuck , they are pretty much running this shit at zero cost for them while making it seem to the outside like they are revolutionizing esports, 
   ** we are creating a new standard for esport contrats : 40k/year minimum ; health insurance included ; and retirement savings plan !, 
  yes ... amazing ... all paid by the orgs though not a single cent given by blizz since the contracts are done with the teams . 
   ** we are giving the amazing prizepool for the first season of the owleague of 3.5 million !, 
  well ... teams already paid 5m minimum to get in , it seems we know where 500k from each entry fee went , one lucky team gets to recover 1/5 of their initial investment in the first year , congratz ! . 
  also :, 
   ** `` to start , all 30 million + overwatch players ( that are of majority age and otherwise eligible to play ) are considered potential free agents with respect to the overwatch league '' **,
