  true , the [ movie trailer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xwjhmqlu0so ) was way better , but people seem to be angry at the freaking title mostly because they probably think it 's about the mtv video . 
  i think people are missing an important aspect of the current issue of tanks vs adc . 
  you know what helps you during extend fights vs a tank ? 
  sustain via lifesteal ... which is absent of most adc 's builds until the 5 or 6 item because they ca n't build it , that 's why every single adc gets warlord 's bloodlust , it 's some free lifesteal they can get while having to build 3 lethality/3 crit items + boots before they are allowed to build lifesteal . 
  right now , botrk , bloodthrister and death 's dance are pretty shitty items to get before the mid-game when you are buttfucked by the enemy tank . 
  this might change with the new botrk changes on pbe , but it still annoys me riot 's reluctance to just create new items to fill needed niches , right now the selection for pretty much every role aside from supports ironically is pretty shitty . 
  it 's just a diversion , they publish this to avoid talking about their horrid balance philosophy . 
  `` we have a big team , the biggest team some say , everyone is the best , everyone is very smart , we know what we are doing '' aka , the trump strategy, 
  '' runes/masteries work , how xp/gold are generated , etc. '', 
  i think we can expect that summoner 's spells are also their directive , if that 's the case this team works on the biggest meta problems with league right now , no wonder it 's fucking shit . 
  | runes : are either absolutely useless or completely mindless at choice , there 's little to no variance and the little there is it 's only actually effective early game , since league itemization is 100 % about increasing base stats anyways . 
  | masteries : riot is going the full retarded route again and they are nerfing everything again , until only a few masteries are actually worth it . 
  there 's 1 undinably better mastery tree for each role , and you are fucked if you go with another option . 
  | xp/gold : their brilliant xp work on the jungle created a new meta where junglers could gain 2 levels and gank at full health before the solo laners could gain even 1 level with the second wave . 
  these retards have no idea what they are doing . 
  | summoner 's : there 's 1 role that allows for variance in choice , and that 's mid . 
  for the rest 100 % top - teleport | jungle - smite | ad - heal | sup - exhaust . 
  why even bother giving people the possibility of choice when they have to pick the same 2 spells every single game . 
  i do n't allow my bronze/silver housemates to make me dinner , why the fuck would i want these retards to balance a game ? 
  ... league never broke the 1 million concurrent viewers on a single channel , it was the literal record . 
  it 's probably `` stock music '' , some companies sell bundles of copyrighted songs that you can use freely for live events , streams , youtube videos etc. 
  show me that their community has any interest in esports and i 'll reconsider , but their main sub which is probably one of the biggest hubs for overwatch in the west sure as fuck hates anything esports and critiques other subs ( league/dota/cs ) for having so much esports content in them . 
  are their tournaments even having a growth in viewership ? 
  even if they wait for the overwatch league that thing will be na exclusive in the first year , fuck the rest of the world ? 
  i keep seeing people say this , but :, 
  1 ) about the first part , the amount of players is meaningless if they do n't care about watching esports , look at league , sure it has a huge player base but it still has one of the worst player to viewer ratio since a vast vast majority are casual players that play with friends once in a while , show me stats that overwatch players even care about competitive overwatch , how many ranked players to casual players exist in the game currently ? 
  2 ) cs and dota are special cases since they existed way way before the big esport boom , league was a game from * at the time * a small unknown developer in a genre that the only people playing dota had experience with which resulted also in a somewhat slow start . 
  the ecosystem in which these games developed is completely different from the current ecosystem where twitch has billions of esports hours watch yearly . 
  overwatch is a revolutionary new genre and it was done by one of the biggest game developers in the world , this is the reason why the game already sold soooo many copies , there 's new expectations and needs , overwatch does n't have the same status that cs , dota or league had when they started , they already have a huge fanbase and apparently they do n't give a shit about esports . 
   i do n't think money is the most important reason for a games success as an esport, 
  tell that to the orgs paying the staff and the players , and tell that to the players that might be wasting years they could be using to get a degree or an actual career , right now `` esports player '' gives you very few job opportunities after you stop doing it . 
  that 's the result of having a stable environment to develop over a long time , there 's pros and cons to riot 's format with lcs , the cons being mainly the lack of international events and more 3rd party organizers , since the top 10 teams from each region are locked into riot-influenced tournaments for half of the year . 
  even though to be fair the few 3rd party organizers in league tend to be pretty shitty , i think esl gets more hate from the league community than from any of the other scenes , i almost feel bad for them ... but then i remember the hour long delays . 
  edit : it 's rare for the roundtable hosts to rotate , usually it 's sjokz in eu and dash for na , unless something happens , dash might be sick . 
  ok , yes i agree , you can see one of the caster minions getting hit by the ultimate , but it 's still pretty ridiculous that riot still has not implemented a save state , at least in the tournament realm server . 
  fuck ... riot actually did something right wtf is happening < _ <, 
  i left since i thought they would just remake the match , it seems that made no difference since flyquest decided to belly up and let c9 fuck them . 
  cause flyquest should have been smarter and invested in a true esport , aka competitive overwatch ... just wait for it to launch and get bigger than league/dota/cs : go ... just wait ... any minute now ... it will be big ... monte said so ... blizzard is god ... any minute now ... 
  in my defense , they never announced they were working on this , even the rioter that made it said in the main sub he was n't sure it would work ... also it was the only really interesting match in na lcs so far , having to remake the 3rd match would be a huge fuck up . 
  yeah , for now on i 'll only start shitting on riot a couple of hours after they fuck up , just to be sure < __ <, 
  since only 1 role ( mid lane ) has any variance and choice in what summoner to take , i do n't think summoners are the best example in this case . 
  i 'm tired of trying to argue about the shitty state of league 's items , this is mostly because there 's barely any items with impactful actives ( most are passives or passive-active hybrids ) , this results in people just building whatever items give them the best stats , look at league 's current issue , every single ad carry builds the same 3 ~ 4 items , because they all give massive amounts of armor pen , they all have actives and passives but they are seen as a bonus they are not what makes that build broken . 
  gold efficiency from base stats is always preferred because abilities ( and their damage ) all scale with those stats ( some abilities even scale with defensive stats like health and armor ), 
  i argued before with a rioter about the lack of actives in the game , and riot 's view is that `` but 90 % of the players do n't use actives so we do n't create items with actives '' , yeah mates that 's the best perspective you should have on the issue , not actually trying to balance the fucking game . 
  it 's ridiculous that the only way for people to try a champion is to wait for the off chance it shows up in a free week or straight up waste 40 to 60 games worth of ip to buy it . 
  practice mode does n't even allow you to play against people so you do n't even have the issue of people using it as their main mode . 
  there 's 134 champions right now , new players should be able to access them at any time , even if it 's just on practice mode , otherwise is just scummy as fuck since riot does n't lose any money from people trying champions out when there 's so fucking many of them . 
  what really annoys me is that they created some cool items , during the black market brawlers event 2 years ago they made a bunch of experimental items , some had cool actives : mirage blade allowed you to mark an enemy and the active allowed you to blink directly away from them ( good for squishy carries ) , puppeteer allowed you to mark enemies with autos and pull them all towards you ( good for immobile bruisers and tanks ) , trickster 's glass active blinked you into an ally and made you look like them which could be good to confuse the enemy and protect someone ... 
  but what items from that mode did riot decide to implement ? 
  a tank item that gives you movement speed passively and a tandem item that makes you receive % damage that an ally takes ( which already exists as tier 1 mastery and nobody uses it because it sucks ), 
  | top is almost always forced to go teleport otherwise you get fucked if the enemy has teleport ( or god forbid 2 teleports if mid decides to take it ) since you pretty much ca n't splitpush or you lose almost all teamfights , cause making teleport an item is just too ludicrous !, 
  * cough * tp scroll * cough * ffs they even already made a teleport item for some of their modes , including a boots enchantment , but since they decided to delete enchantments instead of reworking them fuck it right ? 
  | for the rest : junglers are all forced to go smite since they ca n't buy the jungle items without smite and gain less xp . 
  bot is always heal/exhaust because they are the best defensive summoners . 
  meanwhile mid is allowed to go ignite/teleport/heal / barrier/ghost/cleanse according to the way they want to play or their matchup , how is that fucking fair ? 
  if you wan na laugh a bit more , last year they made a new line of items called hextech , all 3 with different actives ( even though pretty shitty : a point and click damage/slow , a aoe funnel slow/damage , and a small dash + aoe funnel damage ) but , and here 's the best part , riot was so afraid of people picking more than one of those items that they made the cooldowns be shared if you bough more than 1 , as in , if you build 2 of them and use the active of one , the other will go on cooldown as well . 
   every other moba ? 
  dota ? 
  yes they have everything unlocked but it 's also not as fluid or fun to play . 
  basically shit and not worth playing . 
  how is this in any way a argument against people being able to try the champions ? 
  practice mode is a complete different environment to normal matches , free week will still have it 's purpose as a way to try champions in a real combat environment . 
  champions should be accessible to trial at any time even if its just to see what their abilities do . 
  well yeah , you can go anything in yoloq as long as you play your thing , i 'm bitching about teleport but i almost never use teleport , i prefer exhaust since its broken as fuck it 's the best defensive and offensive summoner ( it has 4 debuffs ffs ... ) . 
  but it does result in getting fucked late game if the team is not coordinated and does n't force the splitting top laner with teleport to use it , ie . 
  taking other summoner 's is great for 1v1s but you can get fucked vs a coordinated team with teleport . 
  god , have you guys actually read the change.org letter ? 
  there 's less dick sucking in gay porn o_o, 
  on topic : should n't this be decided by ... i do n't know , the people subbed ? 
  fuck even montecristo criticized league 's mods for being overzealous in their moderation instead of letting the users decide ... yet now he 's asking the overwatch mods to do exactly that ? 
  i prefer this one : [ part 1 ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/pantheon+leona+part+1+i+bet+this+is_e2d836_4861986.jpg ) + [ part 2 ] ( http://static.fjcdn.com/pictures/pantheon+leona+part+2+to+the+feels+of_a6a0e5_4861987.jpg ), 
  damn , this reminded me how much i loved swat 4 when i was younger ... and that it apparently it was done by irrational games o.o the debriefings with narration , studying the map , deciding the team and gear , swapping between multiple squads and snipers during the mission , it was all so cool as a teen . 
  is anyone doing similar squad based strategy shooters like the old swat and rainbow six games nowadays ? 
  i know there 's a bunch similar to the new xcom games , but it 's not the same :\\, 
  that 's gon na be every online game in the new nintendo console xd, 
  `` hey we heard that you are sick of full damage mages as support , so now we decided to implement something that will make them even more viable since mages scale better with levels as well '' ~ some rioter at / r/iamverysmart, 
  actually the first movie that made me reconsider seth as more than just a stoner comedy actor was 50/50 with jgl , i was expecting him to be the comic relief in a pretty depressing cancer story , not be part of the central emotional core of that movie but he was great in it . 
  the shitty state of towers and sieging right now boils down to success only being accomplished according to how many earth drakes ( increases damage to structures ) you have or if you have the baron buff to minions , for several reasons :, 
  | towers are made of paper , true , but they get bonus resistances if you have no minions near the tower , since most mages have almost instant wave clear after 20 minutes this means you deal a lot less damage to them ;, 
  | they made towerdiving harder since you ca n't trade tanking the damage between players anymore , if you towerdive and the enemy team are n't monkeys you can easily fuck up . 
  this results in the residentsleeper matches that pro games have , if you do n't have a huge advantage you either have :, 
  | wait and hope the rng god gives you earth drakes ;, 
  | dance around baron for 10 minutes until someone decides to start it ( which many times results in a throw ) ;, 
  | slowly try to manipulate the waves , to the extend that you can do in league ^ ^ which ^ ^ is n't ^ ^ much ( ie . 
  the skt strat ) and try to hit the enemy team from 3 sides at the same time ... resulting in slowly suffocating the enemy team , which is n't fun to watch nor play . 
  it needs an option to report that is n't just the end match screen , you have actually no way to report someone unless you do it in that moment . 
  even if you go to riot support website like i did a couple of years ago , there 's no way to report another player directly , and they just respond with `` well you should have reported him in the end match screen ... '' , well fuck you ... 
  anyways , this shit is useless do n't know why people are bitching it has been more and more apparent that riot only has the report system still up as a placebo for their community , all the bans are pretty much automated and delivered by bots , that 's why intentionally feeding is rarely a case for a ban since a bot ca n't perceive if the person was feeding or just shit . 
  to be fair , it 's nice when the actual community says `` hmm thanks but we like overwatch as a casual game and not as an esport , go away '' , at least they are true to their game . 
  as i see , blizzard 's last 3 flagship titles ( heartstone/hots/overwatch ) shifted their design philosophy too much into short play sessions and fun accessible gameplay , which definitely favors their aging fanbase which started getting more real life responsibilities and have less time to play , but it kinda ignores their more `` devoted '' ( because hardcore is a stupid word ) players that want more meat in their games . 
  is that real ? 
  that 's an all new level of religious crusade lunacy . 
  give us that spicy sauce pls, 
  i have an honest question , according to reddit rules , could n't this be considered brigadiring ? 
  they consistently target individual comments in that thread . 
  i do n't think so , maybe from most big game companies or studio conglomerates like ea/ubisoft , and in this case blizzard , since simplifying tends to create accessibility , just like in most other entertainment mediums , accessibility = moneyz . 
  but you do have a rise of indie and small studios doing games with complex stories and gameplay , see the rise of demon souls and all the games that were developed after it 's success , variety still exists in the industry in general more than ever i would like to think . 
  but it also does seem that blizzard 's fanbase tends to be very loyal and stick to their ecosystem of titles ( which blizzard reinforces through cross-title promotions ) , so they get more directly impacted by blizz 's decisions . 
  both monte and doa made tweets talking about moving on from league , and that games change every few years . 
  it sounds pretty final to me , which is kinda stupid from my perspective since esports seems to be developing more and more into a multi-title industry , which organizations having squads in different titles and fans following teams from different games .
