  2 ) is n't this extremely obvious ? 
  i know they can easily create new accounts in pcbangs , but should n't this be extremely easy to just ban after one occurrence ? 
  riot did create a new type of cc debuff called `` grounded '' which stops any mobility ability ( including blinks ) , but so far only cassopeia 's miasma has it , it 's pretty good at shutting down highly mobile champions , it would be smart to give this debuff to low mobility champions in the future . 
  i guess the main difference between grounded and dota/league root mechanic is that grounded is a constant debuff in a zone of effect , that people can `` free '' themselves by walking away from it or be affected if they walk into it , while roots then to be timed and targatable hard cc 's . 
  [ again this debuff so far only exists in miasma ] ( https://youtu.be/xp3godbg1xu?t=46s ) , so i do n't know how it can be implemented in other types of abilities . 
  well following that logic then doa will not be a part of the overwatch league which is na exclusive so far , and the thing blizzard is pushing the hardest to get sponsors and investors . 
  being a part of it should be a must for anyone looking to get brand recognition inside the overwatch scene . 
  but d3 is still in the top 10 most sold games of all time , so in blizzard 's eyes it was a massive success , why would they change their approach to patching . 
  the issue is that half the success of league is not enough to sustain something as ambitious as blizzard wants to do with the overwatch league and city-based orgs with stadiums , not even lol could do it . 
  what blizzard wants to do would only be reasonable if most orgs had teams in multiple scenes and could have constant use of their city stadiums by having events of different games weekly , but that 's like 10 years in the future or more . 
  i think there 's less games in the genre because it requires more time investment from the players right from the start to learn the game mechanics and multiple individual characters , unlike other traditional multiplayer/competitive games . 
  so games with success are usually because they grabbed a niche , dota is more knowledge intensive , league is more casual with easier entry , smite is third person for people that do n't like isometric view , vainglory got the mobile market . 
  not sure what this game is trying to go for , the pve is interesting ... but that 's just diablo , but with movement like twin stick shooters and with abilities < _ < . 
  i 'm not saying they wo n't have a following as korean eng casters , but there 's the opportunity to be one of the faces of a new game and being in the overwatch league is the best way to do it , since it will ( in theory ) have a way bigger viewership . 
  korea is also considered the most competitive region in league yet many people do n't watch it since they prefer watching players they `` can relate to '' , not actually my personal preference but i can understand other people 's perspectives , which is why blizzard is pushing the local tournaments city-based system . 
  on a sidenote : you do need permission to host overwatch tournaments , just recently blizzard denied the pea a licence to host an overwatch and hearstone tournament . 
  i usually do n't watch those type of videos , but [ machinimareal does a bunch of top wtf/fail/plays videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/machinimarealm/videos ) , they are not league exclusive though, 
  riot 's argument is that all these legacy skins were released before the vast vast majority of the playerbase started playing around 2012/2013 , so they never even had the opportunity to buy it/get it . 
  also on a personal note , i absolutely hate this notion of false scarcity in virtual items , same happens with cs : go and dota 2 skins , and even virtual games ( jim sterling did some videos about false scarcity in the past and recently ) . 
  they are not physical items , their value should not be attached to their rarity but to their quality . 
  well of course , i said what was riot 's argument previously when they started selling legacy skins again , it 's literally free money for them , less in this case since they had to redesign the model and skins . 
  also players are not entitled to anything in this case , nobody forced them to buy this skins 8 years ago , their exclusive skins are getting a modern redesign for free and will probably have the legacy border like they have done before with others , there 's no reason to deprive current players from access to these skins aside from people being petty . 
  his tl ; dr of the situation is in the middle : ** `` all of this , the lack of certainty with rosters , buyouts on players who get kicked off the starting 6 , the generalized silence with the ow league , and the high cost/low return on having an ow team has caused a lot of sports franchises to take a step back and has cut a lot of funding out from smaller organizations . 
  '' , and his solution is a obligatory draft system of all players and teams like normal sports and a salary cap . 
  pretty much aside from the top 10 western teams most of the smaller ones are dying . 
  i also read before that the eu ow scene is already pretty much dead since most of the top tier teams moved to na because the first year of the ow league is na exclusive , so the orgs jumped the ship to be one of the first established teams in the league . 
  i 'm all for more esports to help grow the scene in general ( i know many here think differently but all games help eachother by getting bigger ) but it seems blizzard is mismanaging another title yet again . 
  it 's because they want the overwatch league to be a city-based circuit with each team representing and being responsible for the stadium of each city . 
  which is already extremely hard to do in na , i ca n't even imagine in europe if you try to have teams representing cities in different countries . 
  their logic is to grow a local scene around the cities , because people that do n't like esports will automatically start watching and supporting the `` new york cloud 9 '' because they have ny in their name ... even though all the players are from other countries . 
  the only game i know from them is league of angels and it 's because of their annoying as fuck ads on youtube . 
  also it 's interesting that a bloatware chinese company is [ run by an american ] ( http://blogs-images.forbes.com/russellflannery/files/2014/03/jia-ruide.jpg?width=960 ), 
  will these piltover/zaun stories be collected into a pdf file like you did with burning tide ? 
  i personally do n't like that much reading short stories on the browser :\\, 
  thanks !, 
  i know it 's pretty easy to just copy-paste the stories into word or something , but [ the pdf for burning tides was very pretty as well < . < ] ( http://news.cdn.leagueoflegends.com/public/images/articles/2015/august_2015/bwo/bw_burningtides_embedded.pdf ), 
  there 's still a third caster yet to be announced according to papa , i do n't know what free agents exist out there right now in terms of casting . 
  oh , i do n't think people know this since many were talking about how losing his attackspeed buff from the old kit would affect his jungle clear :|, 
  ~ ~ so , in camps with multiple monsters it would be smarter to leave one with low hp first so you proc the triple attackspeed buff to clear the rest of the camp :o ~ ~ * nevermind *, 
  i did n't know that , sorry, 
  i love bojack 's spin on the hollywoo ~ ~ d ~ ~ industry , the last season about chasing the oscar was depressing and exhausting to watch . 
  it 's sad that so many people gave up on the first season right before it got really really good . 
  i have the feeling they want to do something like they are doing in the us and have a tournament with teams representing different cities in the uk ( which already have ultra competitive communities because of football ) . 
  if this is true and there 's no other plans for other european countries that would be a huge fuck you to the players . 
  if they want to make the uk the hub for european overwatch ... then that 's just dumb , and shows that blizzard did no research about the current environment of european esports . 
  besides obvious issues with free and easier movement within the schengen area , and the uncertainty of how brexit will affect companies based in the uk , there 's also the fact that blizzard wants to implement a system similar to riot 's lcs but way way bigger , for this they need infrastructure and people interested in the esport , and right now sweden/germany/france are the top dogs when it comes to that , poland is also getting big , and there 's more and more investment in spain for what i 've read . 
  but scarra did say in their podcast that pretty much all na players were getting 6 figure salaries , which is consistent with this average . 
  riot is extremely bipolar when it comes to balancing , which is the problem with the game and the fact that multiple different people balance things isolated . 
  for every instance of not touching a shit tier champion because he stomps low elo ( like amumu ) , there 's multiple cases of them going nuclear on a champion just because he 's being played with some success in pro-play . 
  smite confirmed league clone to the point that they copied the shit tier code ? 
  were n't most pros coming from other shooters ? 
  i think cod still has a pretty healthy scene if you are better at arcade-like shooters . 
  still these tweets are talking mostly about eu , the na scene and korea seem to be doing pretty well , just sucks if you are a european player that was n't fast enough to get into a na squad, 
  they honestly had no reasons to cut ties with league aside from wanting to make a point . 
  both of them casted other games before ( monte did vainglory and doa did heartstone ) while also casting league , and apex is on the days that ogn does n't produce lck , so in theory they could have maintain their league following while developing their overwatch fanbase . 
  if they left is because they saw no reason to keep casting league or because there 's something big for them in overwatch ( aside from direct monetary gain ) . 
  if they are getting paid a lot of money is not exactly wasted money , it seems orgs were investing as much money in their ow teams as they invested in more established scenes . 
  i think many just saw it as easy money , since blizzard started talking about the game as the next revolution in esports and wanting to invest millions in it . 
  after many years of trying to explain what anthropology does from a practical perspective , i think the word you used and better exemplifies it , is `` context '' . 
  i see anthropology as the field that utilises it 's tools to contextualise social , cultural and biological concepts and mechanisms , that other fields might miss thanks to their more focused frameworks . 
  to be fair i might be biased in this definition since i 'm from from medical anthropology , but i still believe that contextualising behaviours and tendencies is the best byproduct of the fieldwork , and why multidisciplinary is extremely important for the development of anthropology in the future . 
  with all this talk about monkey king in mobas i remembered one of my favorite sun wukong inspired character in gaming , which was andy serkis 's monkey in enslaved ... mostly because serkis is the god of mocap . 
  their artists are probably big fans of rob liefeld, 
  the full title is enslaved : odyssey to the west . 
  also fun sidenote : the main writer of the game was alex garland , the guy that wrote danny boyle 's 28 days/weeks later and sunshine movies , the screenplay of the dredd remake , and directed/wrote the best sci-fi of 2015 ex machina . 
  not sure if you are asking about medical anthropologists in general or me in particular , people working in the field tend to work in close relation with health officials and clinics and non-governmental organisations with the application and analysis of specific health issues , think of it has an epidemiological study but with a strong emphasis on cultural and behavior analysis . 
  i do n't work yet , i 'm doing my master thesis on the lived-experiences of patients in community-based rehabilitation models , not really what i wanted to do , but your thesis tends to be a middle ground between what you want and what you are allowed/able to do . 
  what i would like to do and think my degree might be useful is work in producing health-based serious games , which are games produced for the purposed other than just entertainment ( think those silly education games that teach kids to write and do math ) , their use in health is a pretty big emergent field , specially with virtual reality becoming a thing , and sociocultural and behaviour context might be a big tool do help them develop better . 
  monte and ls are two different type of color casters , while many have argued before ( monte included ) that you do n't need to play the game to be an analyst , since pro-play and soloq are extremely different , it does influence how you see and cast the game . 
  ls since he does personally play the game and in a very high level , understands champions mechanical nuances and matchups that monte ca n't , i think he 's closer to how deficio and krepo cast than monte . 
  i really did enjoy ls during worlds when he was on stream 2 and was more free to talk about the game in general instead of paying attention to the play-by-play . 
  as i said in another thread : monte and ls are two different type of color casters , while many have argued before ( monte included ) that you do n't need to play the game to be an analyst , since pro-play and soloq are extremely different , it does influence how you see and cast the game . 
  ls since he does personally play the game and in a very high level , understands champions mechanical nuances and matchups that monte ca n't , i think he 's closer to how deficio and krepo cast than monte . 
  i really did enjoy ls during worlds when he was on stream 2 and was more free to talk about the game in general instead of paying attention to the play-by-play . 
  thanks for the link !, 
  it looks super interesting , i actually do n't know much about their use in alzheimer 's i must do some research . 
  i 'm happy to see that some schools are so forward thinking , my department is still pretty old school ( mostly in their social/cultural studies , the bioanthrop curriculum is miles ahead right now ) , they did start this year a digital ethnography class after much pressure from older students , but its taught by a traditional african studies/colonialism professor so i do n't know how that 's working out < _ <, 
  i 'm rooting for frosk to join ogn with papa and achillios , but if i recall correctly she did said in an ama ( or interview ? ), 
  she would prefer to cast europe if she ever left china . 
  meh , while a nice addition i seriously doubt this will change much about pro-league in anyway , teams are extremely risk adverse so they always pick the most op champions in the patch and make the most rounded average composition they can ( so mostly just copying what the koreans do ) , instead of thinking for themselves and build comps around certain strats that might be more risky to pull off . 
  after 2 weeks they will go back to banning and playing the same champions over and over again until riot over-buffs or over-nerfs something . 
  [ `` this season 's ogn #lck broadcasts will be anchored by @achilioscasts , a new ogn hire to be announced soon and myself '' ] ( https://twitter.com/papasmithy/status/818702697121488896 ) ~ papasmithy, 
  they need at least 3 casters ready just to avoid something like doa 's solo casting, 
  that mostly shows that most league players are fucking sheep and follow anything that is popular , it happens every single time a champion starts being played by pros . 
  if tomorrow imatpie said `` omg this is the new era of adcs never in the history of league has they been this balanced and wonderful to play '' , everybody would agree with him and ignore the last 2 months of bitching about the role . 
  every time i see taika waititi in an interview he looks like one of the most down to earth and nicest directors working right now , both what we do in the shadows and hunt for the wilderpeople were great , i honestly never been this excited for a thor movie . 
  mad max was supposed to bring back the renaissance of action movies ... then 2016 happened . 
  i know this is just a circlejerk but i honestly have no idea how riot does n't have data on this being a huge rock in front of new players , even the 10 free champions is ridiculous , that 's at least ( because champions repeat ) 14 weeks for a new player to be be able to just try every champion in the game . 
  on that topic yesterday i commented on a ( now deleted ) thread about the new 10 bans system improving competitive , that i seriously doubt the 10 bans would change anything since teams are extremely risk adverse so they always pick the most op champions in the patch and make the most rounded average composition they can ( so mostly just copying what the koreans do ) , instead of thinking for themselves and build comps around certain strats that might be more risky to pull off . 
  and that after 2 weeks they will go back to banning and playing the same champions over and over again until riot over-buffs or over-nerfs something . 
  also is it possible that the higher kill numbers might be because league abilities in relation to dota 's tend to be less powerful/impact and dota 2 also has higher cc duration ( increasing kill window potential ) , also league has the free blink ability for everyone ? 
  most skirmishes in league never end in kills but with someone at 20 % escaping . 
  my bet is that : players that stop playing for not having champions < players that spend real money on champions [ in rito 's eyes ] ( as in , less important ), 
  first off i 'm not agreeing with riot 's system , i actually think they are being stupid and with the amount of skins they are releasing nowadays if all champions were free their skin sales would increase exponentially instead of forcing people to pay for champions . 
  but , they did decrease the xp needed to reach level 30 by half last year , not sure what 's the current number of hours needed , and i 'm pretty sure the vast majority of league players only play normals and arams , that 's why riot forced that stupid dynamicq bullshit last year , so that people that only play normals could play ranked with friends . 
  yeah i 'm not saying those would be the only reasons , and i would even argue that the difference between the maps and how both of them work could also be a factor on the kills differentiation , for example how league 's map is so much smaller and it 's towers hurt way way more ( they nerfed towerdives even harder recently ) , something like a smoke gank would n't work in league when with 1 dash ability + flash you would already be behind your tower and in safety ( because the enemy ca n't dive you ) . 
  it 's all these little differences that make competitive league so much less action oriented than competitive dota . 
  it was longzhu vs samsung btw . 
  but `` and that after 2 weeks they will go back to banning and playing the same champions over and over again until riot over-buffs or over-nerfs something . 
  '' , like i said i 'm not expecting that to be the new standard , they are just experimenting cause it 's the start of the season and playoffs is the only thing that really matters .
