  i tried it , and it did n't change the music :\\ maybe some rioter can help . 
  i do n't want them to remove the ability adcs to purchase these items , but if they are being abused to the point of being stronger than any other build yet again , they can use the ranged-melee differentiation to tune the items strengths down for ranged only , just like they do with fervor and rageblade , it helps balance the items better . 
   what if they want to add a ranged assasin ? 
  i 've been abusing it on quinn and i still think it 's stupid . 
  riot / u/the _ cactopus is very active on reddit and he worked on the client team , he might be able to help , send him a dm . 
  quinn is the closest to a ranged ad-based assassin that we have in league in terms of playstyle and role in a team ( well she was more before they made valor her taxi ) . 
  now her stealth is even more obnoxious , it 's no longer `` oh fuck i ca n't hit her '' it 's `` oh fuck i ca n't hit her and when she comes out of it she will deal 800 damage or more if she crits '' . 
  my butthole still hurts , have fun !, 
   i found out why riot franchised : when owl was announced c9 , tsm and liquid told riot that they will leave if they dont franchise, 
  source ? 
  i guess it 's a possibility , since owl was announced during blizzcon and the lcs owners letter demanding new revenue streams was sent literally 1 week later . 
  also apparently the owl will have an entry fee of `` only '' 5 million , exactly the same entry fee for the lcs franchise , it looks more like these orgs were waiting for riot to announce their franchise in hopes that it would manipulate the prize for the owl . 
  it 's better to gamble 5m initially than 10-20m . 
  well , riot did n't have much choice , they were getting blasted from every side last year . 
  the community hated them because of lack of features , that dynamic queue bullshit and lying about removing soloq ; pro-teams hated them because they could n't get proper financing while riot 's profits kept rising every year ; monte was blasting them because of caster payments . 
  they had to be reactionary , since they were slow as fuck to deal with their problems before . 
  sidenote : it 's fucking hilarious how much `` political backstabbing '' and manipulation happens in esports , just look at montecristo . 
  right now people are calling him a martyr , jesus fucking christ himself , for killing his league of legends career for the sake of the poor poor riot casters ... yet , montecristo has said many times that before he went to work for blizzard he was already in talks with them to become an ow caster , he even said that he only accepted casting at blizzcon because he spent 6 months reviewing vods and training to be an ow caster . 
  you know what happened 6 months before blizzcon ? 
  monte/doa/papa released their letter saying that they would n't attend msi because of shitty payment and it started the summer of montecristo where he released statements and videos criticizing riot 's entire operation ( which to be fair there were legit complaints ) . 
  but yeah , poor montecristo only wanted the best for all casters xd, 
  are you being ironic ? 
  sidenote : i had to choose something else because those bastards called mods removed the old rox tigers flair ; __ ;, 
  yeah it 's pretty hilarious , and i confirmed on practice mode a couple of hours ago , that quinn 's blind will proc duskblade again ( as long as nobody else on their team has vision of you ), 
  [ it actually increased apparently ] ( https://twitter.com/jacobnwolf/status/885516350818578435 ), 
  not that i know , right now with quinn you can engage , proc the duskblade passive , q them to blind them and after them being blinded for 1 second ( time needed to `` arm '' the passive again ) you get the passive proc again . 
  so , do you guys want the guy that just signed a 20 million deal with blizzard to also have a team in dota 2 and try to organize a minor ? 
  well apparently you are from sea , maybe it 's harder for other esports to grow a scene there ? 
  i do n't know anything about sea , it would be pretty much speculation , but at least the western scene appears to have a ton of tier 3 esports and more emerging every year . 
   all of the comments are ` oh no koreans are going to take over , ', 
  looking at sc2 and league , being afraid that most western teams will be full of koreans is a fair concern . 
  anyways , [ ow 's korean scene is about to implode according to this guy . 
  ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/competitiveoverwatch/comments/6mzvsv/thorins_thoughts_first_7_owl_teams_announced_ow/dk6e5an/ ) , so that wo n't be a problem, 
   lul totally all the koreans are gon na flood to la to play the shitty game . 
  currently their korean scene has no kespa team , i.e. 
  they get shit for payments , and with the owleague blizzard is pretty much fucking their scene even harder . 
  why would n't a bunch of kids move to na to earn a ton of that vc and sports money playing a game while they can before going to the army ? 
  you saw the same shit with tf2 pros , did n't a bunch of them move immediately to overwatch in hopes of getting some easy money ? 
   depends on what the payout is . 
  because :, 
  do those kids have the money to make the move ? 
  do those kids have the laptops or pc or enough money to buy decent gear when in the us ? 
  ( remember , no pc bangs in the us ), 
  do those kids have the means to actually get a place with internet good enough to play ? 
  in the us isps are pure dogshit . 
  what are you talking about , why would the players have to pay to move and stay in na , that 's the orgs responsibility . 
  i 'm talking about current pro-players not random soloq kids in korea , pros working for current korean orgs can easily be poached by na orgs just by having money thrown at their faces , no korean team can compete with na money backed by venture capitalists and sports teams . 
  those are 2 different issues :, 
  - you do n't need to physically move to a new region to get opportunities , specially if you are in the most competitive region in the world , in korea if you grind soloq you will get noticed by korean and international orgs , being in the top 200 in a inferior server like na means way less than being top 200 in korea . 
  but this wo n't work like that if the korean scene colapses , which might happen ... 
  - thanks to the way that blizzard is doing it . 
  the owleague will exclusively have 1 team from korea , that means either only 6 korean pros get the opportunity or the rest of the teams in na will start poaching them increasing the talent drain , nonetheless the fact that korea will have a representative in the owleague will overshadow every single other org in korea , why would anyone sponsor squads that are stuck playing in korea when they can sponsor the owleague team with international appeal and presumably the best korean players ? 
  there 's no money in korean ow right now , and with the system implemented by blizzard it will only get worse . 
  at least in league , even before they implemented the 2 player limit for imports during the talent drain from korea , the kespa backed orgs had enough resources to scout and train a new generation of talented players straight out of soloq , the same support system does n't exist in ow , thanks to blizzard . 
  we are back to `` armor pen is op please nerf '' - threads until 2 weeks from now people remember that the counter to armor pen is building armor , and now even adc have a viable armor item that counters assassins ... 
  the thing is , there 's even damage items that help you survive better for different contexts , sure it does n't increase your overall dps , but you know what 's even worse for your dps ? 
  you being dead ... people that play this game just absolutely suck at adapting their builds in-game , the moment that shit goes wrong they have no idea how to deal with it . 
  - you are getting bursted by an ap carry ? 
  get maw of malmortius, 
  - you are getting fucked by a mage with hard cc ? 
  get mercurial scimitar, 
  - you are getting fucked by an ad assassin ? 
  get guardian angel, 
  there 's other options that increase survivability besides this 1-to-1 strategy , get phantom dancer instead of other zeal items if you think it will help in duels . 
  add death 's dance for the synergy and maybe it will increase your success instead of going full damage or wasting money in full tank stats you do n't want . 
  just think , before blindly following whatever mobafire build you saw . 
  their world cup stream this morning actually had 25k viewers , impressive for ow , depressing when compared with anything else . 
  sidenote : lol they call their stream rebroadcast `` vodcast '' xd how da fuck does that make sense . 
  yeah it 's a vod that you have no control over it , i guess they missed the `` on-demand '' part . 
  short story : people are retards, 
  - riot reworked armor pen during the preseason and called it lethality , which is basically scalling armor pen ( 20 lethality = 8 armor pen + 12 armor pen that would scale with enemy level ) , and created a bunch of new items . 
  - initial stats were garbage , so they overbuffed them and created the terror that was the lethality meta , 2 months of nothing else but tanks vs assassins with varus and jhin being the only viable adcs in the game ( having both 100 % p & b rate ) . 
  lethality was nerfed again to a `` meh '' state , it was good but there was better options . 
  - ** ( tl ; dr of the tl ; dr ) ** this week , randomly riot decided to rework all the lethality items and buff the stats again , the items are finally good again , but the plebs are dumb motherfuckers and instead of adapting just cry in the sub . 
  lethality is easily countered if you buy armor since lethality based builds are only efficient vs targets with low armor . 
  the items are fine , they just have to rework them to be less effective on ranged champions which are the only ones that really abuse them , people are yet again overreacting for nothing . 
  it 's still a stupid name , why not just call it rebroadcast ? 
  what 's the issue with all these tech companies that every single feature has to have a special name ? 
  no , it 's still worse than pre-rework , but not as bad as it was when it scaled with the target 's level . 
  which was a stupid concept from the start , `` lets punish people for getting ahead on champions that are supposed to get ahead when played correctly '' ~ riot braindead balance, 
  well the 80k is impressive and i wonder how sustainable it will be . 
  but also , did you just make an account exclusively to post that ? 
  he 's correct :, 
  - kha ` zix ult ` ing refreshes the damage automatically, 
  - vayne ult + tumble refreshes the damage automatically, 
  - quinn 's and grave 's blinds will also refresh the damage if nobody on their team has vision of you ( i.e like having a ward or minions near you ), 
  or let 's pretend that riot can balance their game instead of deleting shit and :, 
  - reduced the damage to 70 % on ranged champions, 
  - reduce the initial damage and increased the damage per level . 
  no ... the item 's burst damage when you come out of vision already scales with your level ( 105 - 360 ) , they can reduce the early damage of the item but maintain is damage later by reducing the base damage and increasing the amount of damage the items gains per level . 
  there was already an ad on cbs i think , it was in their competitive sub the immediately after the 7 `` founder '' teams were announced . 
  apparently there 's error with skillshots when targeting outside of the map , more specifically directly down from where braum ( the champion ) is , see when he puts the mouse below the water fountain directly below braum , the skillshot goes in another direction . 
  i think this might be a very well constructed troll post about people talking about stuff that is n't related to dota or it 's direct competitors ( i.e league/hots ) in / r/dotamasterrace, 
  actually it 's pretty cool that right now we have enough `` big '' esports scenes trying different tournament structures , it means you can see what works and what does n't work and adapt future structures . 
  honestly in this case i think them going after mostly amateur teams since they are a really young scene is probably their best option , and it might help grow their esport communities . 
  but i guess / u/moondawg2 is probably be the best person in this sub to give an opinion about it . 
  how old is that source ? 
  tencent [ recently announced they are limiting the time that kids can play that game to 1 hour per day ] ( https://www.engadget.com/2017/07/04/tencent-tackles-mobile-game-addiction-with-time-limits-for-kids/ ) . 
  you are being too optimistic about riot 's ability to code something like that correctly . 
  they might be removed from the match , never doubt riot 's spaghetti code,
