  - non-flexible meta , everybody just follows the same picks over and over again until something gets nerfed or buffed . 
  - korea domination , and it does n't seem that it will ever end . 
  i seriously doubt riot can ever pull themselves out of the hole they dug , this is league esports now , regional matches are meaningless and international matches have zero hype because in the end , skt will win anyways . 
   imo the meta 's decent . 
  there 's enough variety it 's not worlds 2015 . 
  it 's not as good as i would 've hoped , but i 've seen way worse metas . 
  the we vs fw game pretty much proved that to me . 
  maybe now during msi , but the fatigue comes during the regular splits , after 2-3 weeks the meta is pretty much solved and unless riot changes something drastically ( which they rarely do ) that solved meta will stay the same for a looooooong time , i.e 100 % pickrate varus vs jhin ... 
   imo the spring split does n't need to exist . 
  they will never remove spring split , because sponsors want continuous viewership for their teams . 
  maybe they could open slots in each regional tournaments for outside teams , like lck has 3 open slots to receive foreign teams while sending 3 of their teams to other regions , that at least would increase international experience a bit , but on the other hand , can you imagine the shitshow if a korean team won the na lcs spring split ? 
  or ... just create counterplay , you build grievous wounds to counter healing , create an item that counters shields . 
  maybe a targetable item that `` bursts '' all shields in a single player , this would create counterplay by opening a period of play where you can try to burst someone through all the shields . 
  specially since if you go by what they said last year , it would be the teams maintaining their own studios/arenas for the weekly matches to happen . 
  unlike in league where riot finances and maintains a single studio in la , blizzard wants city-based arenas owned by the teams and the games travel every week from city to city . 
   how confident are we with this $ 20,000,000 number being cited ? 
  jacob wolf , the writer of this article , made a single mistake in a leak a couple of years ago and the league community destroyed him , since then he has been almost 100 % correct in everything he publishes , he 's extremely reliable when it comes to leaks from his sources . 
  and because iem in the last couple of years refuses to improve their broadcast , i do n't doubt many people with money also refuse to go just because they know they will have an awful experience . 
  from a knowledge needed standpoint i think we can safely argue that dota 2 has an higher skill ceiling just because of how many more mechanics the game has that influence the minute to minute play ( also way way more impactful items ) . 
  but from a mechanical standpoint i do n't think both games diverge that much specially since they both are pretty different nowadays thanks to being balanced around their differences . 
  one example could be turn-rates : the existence of turn-rates in dota works at times as a balance choice for specific heroes , while in league zero turn-rates to all champions creates issues that are balanced in other ways and create different mechanical needs . 
  tl ; dr : dota still higher ceiling , but not that easily translated into league . 
  yes , well at least for a split ( 3 ~ 4 months ) , you can be relegated at the end if your team sucks , and i think you have to keep at least 3/5 's of the rooster from the spot you bought for the first couple of weeks at least . 
  china already announced they are starting the franchise model in the lpl , with locked league next split and expanding next year to more teams . 
  as far as we know riot has no intention of having buy-ins for their current slots , probably only for the new slots they will open specially for the franchise , the old orgs are too important and ingrained in the scene for riot to just kick out like blizzard is doing . 
  for example clg and tsm both have zero vc money , but there 's 0 % chance riot would kick them out of lcs if they did n't have money for a slot . 
  i agree , i do n't understand how blizz that loves to cross promote so much did n't make it the blizzard league and force organizations to fill teams in ow/hots/hs / sc , not only it would be a better deal to sell , both to the orgs since you would be getting more from your slot , but also to sponsors and advertisers , seriously hs laughs at ow 's viewer numbers . 
  the very least it would make more sense if you really want to make it city-based , since it 's much easier to utilize an arena more regularly if you can rotate between titles to fill it . 
  i agree with you , i think that 's a fair assessment of the situation . 
  while this sort of data is extremely interesting , i ca n't give it much weight unless they give us the raw data ( even though i understand they do n't publicly release it since that 's their business model ) . 
  also this is incredibly western biased `` the figures are aggregated across 10 western countries : u.s. , canada , germany , u.k. , france , italy , spain , netherlands , belgium , and sweden . 
  '' , where are the biggest markets ? 
  where 's russia , china , brazil and korea ? 
  this article pretty much only tells us how europeans and americans consume these esports ( which again , is probably the main target for the people they are trying to sell this data ), 
  yes , it 's the same thing that ogn uses , it 's just a 3d model they overlap with the stream . 
  the lck one has the players move and everything , pretty neat . 
  if you are going to use that logic , riot does n't keep 100 % since they do pay their lcs teams ... so they only keep 99 % of it . 
  if you play league you already understand a lot of what 's happening , mostly how objectives work , how teamfights work etc etc. 
  the rest is just googling the heroes during pick & ban to see more or less what they do , and google any expression that the casters say that you do n't understand ( i had no idea how vision worked and `` high ground '' was a mythical place for me ) , at least that 's how i saw the last 2 tis . 
  the only hard part was understanding items and the fact that casters use the heroes initials a lot , for a new viewer that was awful . 
  i actually think league as too many male humans or just straight animals , we need more `` mystical '' looking or monstrous humanoids , think aatrox , bard , kindred ( even though she 's a girl ) , as league examples , or sven , faceless void , the spirit brothers ; night stalker or rubick from dota 2 . 
  i was kinda sad that the rest of the hosts left last year but it seems clint and ti , plus the rest of the production crew , are holding it really really well . 
  the channel seems way more streamlined and focused than before . 
  i think it 's pretty funny how johnny deep , who people perceive as super eccentric nowadays , regularly hangs out , mostly because of their daughters , with kevin smith , one of the most down to earth guys in la. 
  thanks !, 
  i 'm going to remake it with all the tips and guidelines you and the other users said here ... while also slightly cutting my wrists at all the possible missed opportunities in the last 5 months ... 
  in my defense , although a very poor one , this cv in particular was for a british school opening in my city , they specifically asked for an english cv ( i 'm not british ) , and they were looking for an assistant for `` out-of-class '' educational projects for kids , not really the field of administration , so i tried to play off my experience organizing educational events has the president of my students ' union . 
  lol the wiki entry source for riot creating the term moba [ is an interview with gabe ] ( http://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature/6471/the_valve_way_gabe_newell_and_.php?page=3 ), 
  gb : '' : yeah , and i think it 's great . 
  i mean , i personally am a fan of these kinds of games , so it 's great , as more people are trying out different ideas to move it forward . '', 
  ... holy shit gabe is more reasonable than most people in either communities . . 
  [ lmgtfy ] ( http://lmgtfy.com/?q=moba+wikipedia ), 
  i 'm sorry bro , but it was just a joke . 
  i just google 'd `` moba + wikipedia '' there 's an entire article for it , like for most game genres . 
  nah , that 's skt when they respect the opponent , this is skt this tournament : [ vs tsm ] ( https://i.imgur.com/k5dfqla.jpg ) ; [ vs gam ] ( https://i.imgur.com/okvo64t.jpg ), 
  i agree with your main argument but the points you use are wrong . 
  right now you have much less vision than 3 year ago , you either use the yellow trickets that have a 1 minute life spam or a vision ward which is visible , has reduced vision range and you are only allowed 1 per player . 
  the jungle camps have huge timers now , that 's why you have zero afk farming junglers in the meta while seeing mostly aggressive early gankers or support junglers . 
  those are not the reasons why nothing interesting happens in the early game . 
  summoner 's are too safe - most champions have a disengage + flash , and in some cases disengage + flash + another escape summoner ( heal/ghost ) , it 's pretty much impossible to kill someone if they have summoner 's up , and once they are down they just farm undertower , with almost zero danger because - riot removed the ability to juggle tower agro - the damage will keep increasing even if you trade agro with a teammate , this makes tower diving almost impossible early game . 
  because the market responds well to open world games , consumers see it as getting more bang for their buck , and more `` freedom '' than a linear or semi-linear game experience . 
  blame gtas ginormous success time after time , and ubisoft still being alive while making at best mediocre games for years . 
  to be fair there 's is a discussion to be made that a well played fair match ( as in , both teams are equal in skill ) of league of legends will result in an incredibly low kill score since both teams will try to play around eachother and `` out-objective '' the enemy for gold instead of trying to get kills . 
  skt is this tournament though is not the best example of that since they are soooo far ahead of everybody else that 's it 's almost disgusting . 
  when it comes to story it 's a bit more complicated when you are talking about aaa games , we have heard many times before how writers ( and the story by consequence ) sometimes get fucked because the dev team created a new mechanic or a new set piece for the gameplay and then force the writers to contextualize this new thing that might not even have an explanation in the grand scheme of the story , rarely does the story come first in the big studios . 
  it 's like how i imagine they make the fast and furious movies :, 
  movie executives : `` hey antarctica is trending on twitter , we want a a set piece there in your movie ! '', 
  writers : `` but ... they are in south america for 90 % of the film '', 
  : `` we do n't care , just make it happen or you are fired ! '', 
  i think the code for the new client items set is already on pbe btw . 
  it showed up last week . 
   literally no ap anti-tank with the rework of abyssal sceptre . 
  void staff still exists ... also liandry 's if they are stacking a lot of health , which to be fair with them reducing health given by items and increasing mr given , straight magic pen got slightly nerfed . 
   and one of the botrk is n't even popular anymore . 
  it was good for like a single patch , then rito was like `` hmm now tanks ca n't just dominate . '', 
  so i think it got nerfed again . 
  they gave it +100 gold and buffed all crit items . 
  mate you could have said all of that 2 months ago , but right now adcs are the strongest class in the game . 
  after 4 years as a viewer , watching tsm get fucked in international play is still my favorite thing in pro-league of legends . 
  fnatic and dignitas wtf ? 
  :o how can you fuck so hard that you lose 2 of the oldest and most respected orgs in esports , just fnatic as a few million fans by themselves . 
  sidenote : you deserve reddit gold for `` overpocalypse '' / u/archyes, 
  dig was already expected , since they are backed by the philly 76ers and the news last week said that a nfl ( ? ), 
  philly team already had a verbal deal for the philly spot . 
  i thought this was already confirmed , last week everybody jumped on it when the news came out that two nfl teams agreed to join the ow league , but if you see the actual sources it says it was a `` verbal agreement '' nothing was actually signed . 
  my guess is that they wo n't get anyone with this 20 million number , they will reduce to 2 mil and will probably get 8 - 10 orgs to join in and vulture all these now dead teams for players . 
  a franchised slot will always woth more than an lcs slot , since lcs still has relegation . 
  i do n't personally think it 's worth , but blizzard can easily spin it to make it seem like it does , and if they are smart ( which going by what they are doing right now , they are not ) they will somewhat fix the spectator and go the cs : go route and try to inflate their early viewer counts by giving free loot and skins if people watch the ow league , they only need to keep numbers up for 12 weeks . 
  but i think their biggest issue will be the dead scene after the ow league ends . 
  what do i think blizz will do ? 
  they will announce that the league will be mlgtv exclusive ... because they seem to be that stupid right now . 
  sidenote : as far as i know riot only pays for player salaries and 1 coach in the lcs regions , they might help with teamhouses in smaller regions to help the scene grow i guess . 
   csgo was n't because of this . 
  this is because csgo has an in-game economy and this items have real value behind them while ow has really easy to aquire items . 
  it would take exclusive twitch streams for it to happen . 
  yeah i did n't think about that , i think some people will see blizzard forcing them to watch esports for the chance of getting a skin as more of a nuisance than anything else . 
   it seems to go exactly that way . 
  that 's the only way they can even remotely get back any money with the 75k viewers figure that they showed . 
  if this happens it confirms that act-blizz have no idea of what they are doing , if you want to push your mlgtv service as a premium service go for it , but do n't remove the ability for casual viewers to find the matches ... like they did with heroes of the dorm by making it facebook exclusive . 
  hmm ... am i the only one that thinks crumbz does n't have the voice to be a caster ?
