  edit : i need coffee ... 
  yeah i do n't think he 's dumb he already has a ton of players from other titles , including fgc players , m2k and justin wong , and a cs : go squad which apparently only has freakazoid ? 
  lol i do n't follow the regular season of cs : go why does echo fox only have 1 player on their cs squad ? 
  there 's a bunch of high-elo tryndamere one-tricks though , he 's not a `` broze-silver '' champion . 
  the only thing i hate about tryndamere , even more than his free crit chance , it 's his free 70hp heal * minimum * every 12 seconds . 
  i have no idea why tryndamere is allowed to cast this even without any fury , it removes any possibility of counterplay if you try to duel him and force him away from the minions , he just stays back and self-sustains , it 's annoying as fuck . 
  and forget trying to push him away from minions once he gets any source of lifesteal , he autowins any trade just because of that stupid retarded braindead heal ... / rant, 
  `` true damage ignores armor and magic resistance , as well as other forms of damage reduction '', 
  it 's working as intended ... well , minus the fact that the item gives cho 's ult a ridiculous amount of true damage because of the health increase , which i think is unique to him , nobody else has true damage that scales with the users health . 
  i seriously hope they do n't nerf rakan , but instead wait for people to develop counters to his playstyle , like the kench example . 
  but knowing riot they will nerf him and nerf items that allow him to be played ( like doran 's shield ) ... 
  yes but it 's magic damage so it can be mitigated by magic resistance and the damage would be reduced by the 60 % debuff of the stoneplate active . 
  cho is the only champion that has a true damage ability that scales with his health , every other source of true damage in the game is either a static number or scales with your ad/ap ; or in some cases scales with % max health of the enemy ( because fuck fiora , that french bitch ) . 
  tahm kench had a disgusting amount of damage just by going tank though , something that rakan does n't have , his engages appear to be godlike but he still needs his team to dps since he barely does any damage at all , which makes him balanced in my opinion . 
  i think thematically most of azir 's damage should come from his soldiers auto and he 's playstyle should be around his positioning and the mobility of the soldiers , to achieve this without being too oppressive they should :, 
  - decrease the damage from q , reduce mana cost and cooldown ( like you said ) , to make it, 
  - decrease the cooldown of e to allow greater mobility for azir , you can reduce the damage/shield so the ability is more about positioning and less about going against people ( since it does n't even knockup anymore ), 
  - increase the base damage of the soldiers , and create incentives for an ap/attackspeed - on hit build . 
  alistar was the classic `` lulz riot balance '', 
  - ali was n't played for years, 
  - riot buffed him by giving him the 70 % damage reduction at level 6, 
  * becomes op *, 
  - ali starts being the most op support ever that can solo tank a tower at 7 minutes, 
  - riot decides to nerf almost his entire kit ( cooldowns increased , damage reduced , heal reduced, 
  - riot says `` fuck it '' and rework his basic abilities, 
  * ali still op after the rework *, 
  - riot finally decides to revert the changes to his ult, 
  ... ali was never seen again, 
  his mobility is literally the most interesting thing about him , what 's more interesting to do and watch : a shurima shuffle , or azir putting down soldiers and pressing q to proc thunderlords ( wash and repeat until dead ) ? 
  with assassins and hard cc , azir is squishy as fuck , zed already shits on him that would n't change . 
  i usually play toplane and renekton is my boy , fiora annoys the living shit out of me way more than vayne . 
  i said when it was announced that forcing all na lcs teams to fill academy squads would at least create a new exodus of eu players going to na , i did n't expect the actual eu orgs moving to na , not sure if riot will allow this since it would kill the eu scene . 
  honestly i do n't mind , i already give zero shits about eu lcs unless fnatic/g2 are playing . 
  i love seeing the riot casters over and over again saying `` oh that 's not true we have a ton of players with personality you just need to see them more ! '', 
  and then carlos calls most other teams parasites from feeding off g2 's and fnatic 's fanbases, 
  the reality is , there 's a lot less interest in watching the eu lcs than the na lcs . 
  if g2 and fnatic moved to na they would get way more viewers and possibly increase they fanbase . 
  it 's more and more apparent that eu players watch na lcs but the reversal does n't happen which is why eu lcs is always behind in viewership . 
  making it a franchise , creating to revenue streams , trying to make the eu challenger scene better , and all other options do n't change the fact that people are not watching riot 's main eu event , the lcs . 
  the saturday games do n't have a significant increase in viewership even with americans being already awake and free during that time . 
  people are being delusional if they think na lcs does n't attract viewers much easier than eu lcs thanks to its orgs and players . 
  your comment will be in every single post about this movie probably , but i think it 's relevant in the sense that orphan black is carried by how fucking amazing tatiana maslany is , that said the question is , can noomi rapace create 7 unique and distinctive personalities like tatiana does and making us believe that they are 7 individuals and not just 1 actress doing different roles ? 
  [ they had a thread talking about the low viewing numbers ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/competitiveoverwatch/comments/6ep37d/why_is_takeover_2_getting_such_low_viewcounts/ ) , all the upvoted comments are excuses for them . 
  the mentality there appears to be `` once blizzard starts promoting the ow league in their client the numbers will skyrocket '', 
  mate did you read the article or just jumped into the last part ? 
  that 900k-1 .8 million is based on a random number of total revenue of 40 million that they used to illustrate how that amount would be divided by every team based on viewership numbers . 
  to the overall pool riot will put down the bamtech deal which is 300m for 5 years , so 60 million per year , + other league sponsorships + esports-related digital goods . 
  while teams inject into the pool a % of team sponsorship deals and merchandise sales . 
  in theory the overall pool will be much bigger than 40 million . 
  overwatch , fun for all ages , with the best porn in gaming and the most addicting and manipulative micro transactions system in the industry . 
  i was going full circlejerk and overexagerating . 
  but yes hs system is shit because they adopted the traditional tcg model but without the mechanism that allow players to trade cards which mitigates the fact that you have to buy packs , but hey at least hs is free i guess, 
   i do n't know how cosmetic item drops are manipulative when they give them out for free . 
  there 's 2 philosophies in this topic :, 
  it 's just cosmetics so why even complain , they are not important for the gameplay . 
  cosmetics/skins are a system that has been entrenched in gaming for decades , even before loot boxes and dlcs people loved to pimp out their characters as they prefered with alternative outfits or gear , its definitely a gameplay system since it directly interacts with your enjoyment of the game , even if it does n't impact directly the gameplay . 
  ow 's system is manipulative in the sense that it does n't allow people to purchase the content they want directly , this would n't be an issue if they could just get what they wanted by randomly playing and hoping for the best , like most of their normal loot . 
  the manipulative part comes from their event cosmetics , where blizzard creates special content that it 's only available for a limited time and you have a miniscule chance of getting the content you want if you earn lootboxes purely through gameplay during that event , so blizzard conditions people to spend money during these events in hope of randomly getting what they want , which is pretty much just gambling . 
  damn , even valve takes pity of eu lcs viewing numbers and it 's trying to help the little guy :o, 
   riot games twitter tweets about ti, 
  they did ? 
  all i remember is the subreddit shoutout . 
  hmm , that was 3 years ago , and my cynical self thinks this was just them wanting to give teams a week of pause before the super week . 
  sidenote : i miss super week , super week into playoffs was hype as fuck . 
  dumbass , if your botlane is losing so hard you should obviously just tp bot to help them , then you can give 3 extra kills to the enemy adc !, 
  rip spill.com , i like korey and martin 's new show but i really miss the old crew , specially the drunk leog podcasts :\\, 
  i do n't understand how people are dumb enough to think active players = esport viewers . 
  clash of clans and clash royale are literally the biggest games in the world when it comes to active users , they both have an esport scene ( i 'm not joking ) , but have almost no viewership . 
  [ i love linking this shit ] ( https://youtu.be/kigdekat_is?t=9m55s ) , it 's hilarious, 
  also it appears i lied , all their videos have more than 2 million views , clash royale is officially a better esport than overwatch, 
  well , bots responding to bots , this shit is starting to get ridiculous ... 
  it was a timezones bot . 
   and when it comes to esports , for the love of god , this is not something you target with a new game or bet the game 's future on . 
  esports will not make your game successful . 
  inventing new sports is not something any game developer or publisher can just do . 
  american football is crazy popular , but you do n't see football-like clones/imitation sports popping up hoping to attract the football fans . 
  any business that tried to do so would be a complete joke . 
  esports is no different . 
  similarly , your dota/lol-like moba clone has little to no chance at being successful , and less likely to hit it off in esports . 
  well , that ai n't stopping blizzard from pushing hots has an esport and now overwatch instead of letting it grow organically first . 
  also it 's pretty interesting that the big 3 ( league/dota/cs ) all have a good % of viewer-only , according to a recent study done by [ newzoo ] ( https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/esports-franchises-70-watch-only-one-game-and-42-dont-play/ ) , this means that people even after moving on and losing interest in playing these games , still find their esports scenes compelling enough to be exclusively viewers , i seriously doubt most games have the ability to keep this sort of viewer-only audience similar to traditional sports . 
  have you seen how close she is to valor ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there 's a bit of tammy in quinn ... 
  it would be funny if steve just backed off from league , they recently got another round of investments , i seriously do n't think they can justify spending more of it on their league team again . 
  lol not even close , last split after spending a ton of their investment money , including paying the highest salary in the western scene ( 700k for reingover ) , they started losing a ton and stayed in the bottom 3 spots for the majority of the split , they panicked and made stupid trade decisions like putting their star adc as mid and getting a soloq adc on their squad , which resulted on them almost getting relegated . 
  steve 's only salvation was writing a huge check to tsm to borrow doublelift , which was on a competitive break at the time , to help them not get relegated from lcs . 
  seriously , can the mods just put in the sidetab, 
  `` new to league ? 
  visit : / r/summonerschool '', 
  it would help a ton of people, 
  meanwhile their dota 2 squad just won epicenter defeating evil geniuses 3-1 , seriously their league division has managerial issues that need to be resolved , it 's insulting for them to pump so much money into league and being a bottom 2 team . 
  because esports can maintain your audience alive even if they get burned out , watching an esports keeps players engaged with a particular game even if they are not actively playing it and increases the probability of them coming back . 
  honestly i gave it a try during one of its free weekends and it just felt like they were trying to do way to many things at the same time , i usually describe it as a clusterfuck of ideas from other genres meshed together into a huge mess of a game . 
  to be fair the game was pretty much being given away after it bombed , i got my copy with a old pc gaming magazine , i heard somewhere that in some countries they were giving it away inside packages of chips or something similar , but this was like 10 years ago . 
  because subreddit mods tend to be incredibly territorial and do n't want to link their users to another subreddit . 
  lol riot does n't give a shit , if you get permabanned they already got all the money you spent on the game since you do n't actually own anything that is virtual goods , and permabanning increases the probability of you spending more money grinding a new account , that 's the actual reason for them not to have any actual reform system in league . 
  so boys and girls do n't be mean or say bad words in a competitive environment , it 's not like everyone has several options to just mute you or ignore you if they wanted , bid daddy riot will protect your sensible minds . 
   oh you can be mean and say bad words all you want . 
  there is however a pretty big line between being a foul mouthed dude and a toxic raging scum . 
  toxic raging scums get punished in every `` competitive environment '' .
