  successful casters would probably need to be able to work in different titles at the same time ... like they both already did before , but they decided to cut ties and deepdive into overwatch expecting it to be the next be thing . 
  last year there was a match that reached like 70 minutes and the supports were still level 17 , ca n't remember which game it was , i think it was in the korean league . 
  nah , they actually named it `` deterministic disaster recovery tool '' which is stupid and long as fuck , so people started calling it chronobreak since it 's ekko 's rewind ability ( similar to weaver 's time lapse ), 
  you just do n't get him man , [ he 's fighting an holy war against the gifs !, 
  the sad part is the amount of people the went into forensic/physical anthropology because of this show , and then realize that 99 % of it is bullshit ... 
  [ he might be trolling the retards in the main sub ] ( https://twitter.com/prophetcrumbz/status/832326871660404736 ), 
  when the bug happened last week the dev that made the tool went to the main sub and said that he was happy that it worked because even he was n't sure it would . 
  i think the issue is that many people fall into the mistake of anthropomorphize companies and businesses , companies are not single entities , it 's an huge net of people working in very different areas and divisions . 
  case in point : i have a huge respect for valve ( dev ) since it introduced me to pc gaming with the orange box ( was a nintendo/sony fanboy as an youngly sorry ) , but i really think that some decisions that valve ( corp. ) did to steam , the steam greenlight irks the living shit out of me and i fear i might hurt some american sensibilities by saying that free market is bullshit . 
  should i judge valve as an whole based on some decisions made by a part of the company , no , cause that 's stupid ... 
  sidenote : the op sounds like an edgy 15 year old that had a bad day at school and wrote this post while masturbating to milo yiannopoulos photos . 
  i 'm sorry but it reads like a crosspost between the_donald and redpill . 
  i understand people that have been playing for years might dislike more recent changes , but dota as a game in the zeitgeist of the industry already pushes away more casual players and viewers , i do n't think increasing accessibility and marketability can change that , and dota is still one of the most player influenced esports maybe only second to the fighting game scene even though they are now also getting attention from devs . 
  it 's also an all new gaming market , dota 2 , league , cs : go , break the usual mold seen in the gaming industry of releasing sequels to sequels to sequels , these games persist over years and years and get continuous development and changes , nobody actually knows how viable this is and how long can it actually last . 
  well ... you can , you just need to neglect your life for an entire year and sign your name in the dotted line with blood . 
  those numbers are cheaper in na , cause riot hates their biggest western market . 
  i think albus nox performance last worlds is probably helping more the russian league scene than anything that riot is doing , they changed their name to m19 and just got a multimillion dollar investment from a private company , and they are all extremely likable . 
  but to be fair , gambit used to be a huge powerhouse in league and the russians still gave zero shits about the game xd, 
  league + alcohol + depression , and you can easily get almost all champs and runes in a year , i got to level 30 in less than 1 month and that shit was in 2014 when the exp needed was double of what is now . 
  | ( of course , putting the server in germany instead of moscow will attract competitive russians into new server made for them . 
  muh rito very smart at logystics ), 
  wait wait wait ... the russian server is in germany ? 
  wtf how does that make any sense ? 
  [ the gifs must go !, 
  this battle must be fought !, 
  it 's a screencap from a discord where monte was rallying up a bunch of overwatch pros to push esports into the main overwatch sub , it was hilarious and delusional , it 's also my new favorite monte screencap, 
  if you play every single day you have to count the bonus win of the day , and during the year that i started it was the apocalypse in the euw server so riot was giving a bunch of free xp/ip buffs for the downtimes , which is probably why i pretty much got almost everything in a year . 
  sidenote : i lol ` ed at the `` 3h/day '', 
  is she really is that bad of a state ? 
  i 've been playing her recently when i get jungle , sure she ca n't compete with the flavor of the month lethality junglers , but she still does a pretty good job as a backline assassin from my experience . 
  honestly , i 'm in gold right now and the amount of zed 's , yasuo 's , riven 's and vayne 's is just ridiculous ... if you ca n't climb maining only just 1 or 2 champions maybe the issue is you . 
  totally forgot the op.gg stats , i 've been going gunblade instead of protobelt like everyone else i 've seen and i thought i might have been fucking over myself , it appears that gunblade has the highest winrate build though . 
  did n't their best player in the world leave to go try and make it in the dota or league pro scene ? 
  yet all defensive masteries that increase shields + healing are untouched . 
  rip lethality assassins , welcome * again * tank meta ... 
  what happened to him ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  the current issue with people having huge shields and heals is thanks to how runic armor + courage of the colossus synergies on tanks in addition to how runic armor + windspeaker 's blessing + all the increase shield/heal items synergies on supports ... how is not everyone thinking it 's ridiculous to see in pro matches someone get caught , drop to 10 % health just to have a support blow every item and see that champion get almost full health back + a 700hp shield ? 
  you could argue that reducing the % damage to all mid-tier ferocity masteries is a nerf to dps and tanks , but nerfing warlord when lifesteal is only the 5th or 6th item for adcs and nerfing merciless , are definitely indirect buffs to tanks . 
  and like i said in another comment , the tank masteries are still broken . 
   mia has the dream sequence , it is revealed that they would actually be happier together . 
  i 'm pretty sure that was not the intention of that scene at all . 
  the `` dream sequence '' was their warped recollection of the past events , they were selectively remembering the good parts that made their relationship look like a clich\u00e9 hollywood fantasy romance , in the end they realize that they were eachother 's `` lighthouse '' during the period they were together which allowed them both to reach their life goals even if that meant not being together . 
  you ca n't say `` they would be happier together '' when at least half of it are events that we saw happen and were definitely not as happy as the end fantasy scene shows . 
  do n't wan na burst your bubble but this looks like a normal amd ad just translated to korean , since it does n't even make sense for them to have twitch there if they were trying to advertise to the korean market , they have their own streaming platforms like afreeca . 
  oh did n't notice the korean text in the twitch shot , fair enough , they are probably working with amd , pretty weird to see twitch trying to force themselves so hard into the korean market . 
  having a ton of data is meaningless when your balance philosophy is shit , and it also does n't help when you have multiple people in separate teams balancing different parts of the same game . 
  i thought the issue was with azubo not paying streamers , what happened to afreeca ? 
  is , * zyra thornborn of the house kumungu , first of her name , the unburnt , queen of the yordles and the first men , khaleesi of the great bilgewater sea , breaker of botlanes , and mother of dragons * , better ? 
  but thinking about the roles that way just creates a even worse staleness that you already have in league , the issue is not that only high damage junglers can be played , it 's that tank junglers take ages to clear which results in a way lower impact early game , the issue is n't that only utility adcs are good , it 's that itemization for the role sucks ass after they made the game faster and crit adcs ca n't just wait 30 minutes to have 4 items and start popping off . 
  fuck off trying to define roles for lanes , that 's stupid as fuck , there should always exist the possibility for a comp with an utility adc , saying they should all just be consistent dps is stupid as fuck . 
  this is my biggest issue with riot when it comes to their balance philosophy , ** they hate buffing underpowered champions ** , aside from big class reworks ( which could still be debated in some cases ) , almost every single patch is full of nerfs to s and a tier champions , instead of trying to balance the game so that under performing champions can compete with these tier 1 champions . 
  what i meant mostly is that i hate associating positions with particular roles , i still think riot 's marksmen rework was in theory their best one because it open the doors for adcs to be played somewhere else besides the duo lane , sure they were overtuned as fuck and that 's why you had 6 to 7 adcs per match , but if you liked you could play a ranged ad carry in pretty much every position . 
  since then they nerfed every single adc , some to shit tier ( rip kindred and kalista ) , actually removed the rework from some ( like kog ` maw ) , so now they are back into utility ad hell which thanks to how broken armor pen is results in only 2 picks being viable since both excel with arpen and have tons of utility . 
  they have a huge team balacing that fucking game yet nobody is able to have any sense of how their balance changes cause repercussions in the game in general , it 's fucking hilarious, 
  is the comic actually good ? 
  i always saw archie as a american higschool cheesy soap opera , and i thought it was super weird that mark waid was the writer , i could even imagine grant morrison doing a meta analysis of american `` wholesome '' nostalgia with archie lol , but waid just feels weird , i absolutely loved most of his previous work though . 
  also lb 's w allows her to blink back to safety , if tristana jumps in and does n't get a kill she puts herself in danger . 
  by this i mean they are 2 completely different abilities comparing just the damage aspect of them is stupid as fuck . 
  i think the league system and similar systems are seen on a better light because of other existing f2p games that are actually cancer , the ones that get harder to advance the more you play , the lack of this scaling difficulty-to-reward system is what makes league , smite and all these free-to-play games where you play x amount of hours to obtain y amount of content , look less shitty . 
  this does n't justify riot 's retarded system , and i do n't agree with you that only dota and poe can do this , even ignoring the fact that league makes more money than dota and poe combined , they undeniably have the largest player base and a now hugeee library of cosmetics to sell . 
  making every champion available ( and runes , even though i would prefer them to remove this system ) , would help get even more new players since they do n't see this huge wall of unlockables in front of them , and it would open that huge ass library of already made cosmetics for everyone to purchase them since they are n't blocked away by not owning a champion ... what i mean by this is that riot are being greedy moronic fuckers and would probably get even more money by adopting dota 's system . 
   afterlife with archie, 
  googled this , first picture is cthulhu , i 'm convinced . 
  thanks for the recommendation !, 
  the issue with jayce is that he has 7 abilities and they all deal damage ( if with consider acceleration gate 's 40 % damage increase on shock blast as a separate damage ) , and a ton of utility : slows , knockbacks , auto-resets , several movement speed increases , armor/mr shred and armor/mr buff . 
  jayce is the poster child for an overloaded as fuck jit , and it seems riot did n't learn nothing from him in the last 30 champions has we can see with camille . 
  to be fair i do n't think blizzard gives 2 shits about their twitch viewer numbers , are n't they trying to push that mlg exclusive platform ? 
  if they have an inhouse option that 's probably what they are going to try and sell to investors and push down the players throats, 
  so lets see , he buys only support items , he wards the most in the game , he helps get the most neutral objectives in his team , these are all characteristics of a support role , being an adc 's bitch botlane is not the defining characteristic of the role . 
  but the best part of this ban is that just in their last patch riot reinforced a roaming support meta by increasing the exp you get on kills/assists when the target is higher level than you . 
  also phreak is a adc main of course he 's going to bitch about strategies outside of having a heal/shield bot next to him for 20 minutes . 
  from the nunu 's twitch page :, 
   for a game being played by millions of people , there 's shockingly little innovation in the community , probably because so many people are obstinate jerks . 
  a ridiculously small minority of players basically decides all the strategies that trickle down into solo queue . 
  just on a probability level , it 's virtually guaranteed that they could not have arrived at the best strategies , and even if they somehow did , riot would nerf them . 
  plus , strategies suited for lcs play with organized team compositions are often too narrow and require communication than is typical for even the highest echelon of solo queue . 
  treating them equally would be like using the same build in solo queue that you do for aram . 
  however good or bad this strategy is will be left to matchmaking . 
  lol it was xd [ here 's the meta thread ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueofmeta/comments/5w9uy2/nunu_support_with_smite_got_a_14day_suspension/ ) that 's such bullshit from the mods again , they deleted a 6k upvotes / 2.7 k comments thread, 
  unfortunately since i 've started playing ( ~ 2014 ) amumu has been in riot 's balance hell , he 's too weak to be played in high-elo/pro-play , but too strong in low elo to ever be buffed , and he gets shittier and shittier with the direction riot is going with their jungle balance . 
  they did make a pretty neat music video for him though ... 
  it 's an international event with no na or chinese teams , which tanks the viewership significantly . 
  damn , iem broke / u/giantr :o, 
  the worst part is that both these 0 kills by 20 minutes type of matches and the ridiculous clown fiestas with 40 kills in 30 minutes that also happened a lot are both just really really really bad league play . 
  this tournament is just depressing to watch . 
  on a slight sidenote : i love that their banner says '' / r/games is for informative and interesting gaming content and discussions '' , yet 80 % of the threads are just announcements and trailers , there 's almost zero general game discussions , that sub is getting very boring to visit . 
  i do n't know much about civ , but i read that people were very positive about ed beach 's direction with civilization vi , and he was also one of the main devs behind the brave new world expansion that fixed many issues with civ v , is that right ? 
  there 's a mordekaiser in that game , i expect ghost shenanigans mixed with spaghetti code . 
  '' / r/games is for informative and interesting gaming content and discussions . '', 
  hmm ... sure seems like it . 
  mate , this is just fluff , it 's a picture on twitter , any information you can discuss is pure speculation and there was already a post similar to this one a couple of days ago about the first teaser , make a post when you have an actual kit design/character to discuss , not just promotional material . 
  just a sidenote : veigar is a pretty good support now since you get ability power just from harassing the enemy with your abilities, 
   veigar gains a stack of phenomenal evil whenever he hits an enemy champion with an ability . 
  veigar gains 1 ability power for every stack of phenomenal evil . 
  you still would be flamed for `` trolling '' though , since he is n't played in pro-play and only pro meta champions are allowed in yoloq . 
   in lop you can comeback when your skill is lower than the skill of your opponents and even if they do no mistakes at all . 
  wtf is he talking about , the issue with league right now is that there 's literally no comeback mechanics aside from the enemy team doing a mistake , right now a winning team can just snowball their lead into a victory . 
  most `` comebacks '' in pro matches are because the team with the lead has no idea what they are doing and make macroplay mistakes ( example : shit wave management or baron throws ) or straight up fuck up a teamfight ( example : their carry gets caught and deleted ) . 
  as far as i know , the only comebacks mechanics in league right now are extra experience bonus if you kill an enemy higher level than you , and the standard bounty system if you kill people on killing sprees , which like i said before in another thread , is useless because the gold you get for killing someone with 2 kills or killing anyone with 15 is almost the same .
