  sure he has knowledge and is occasionally funny , but he 's only slightly less monotone than dyrus, 
  honestly , the western regions are just garbage , most of the times it 's like watching headless chickens running around skt . 
  they are unable to play the korean meta at their level so instead of trying to create counters they just play a subpar version of it . 
  if the koreans and skt keep dominating , riot is better of removing eu and na from the few international play that exists and just bring back battle for the atlantic , at least that way western viewers can live in their bubble and think that they are watching good teams . 
  like ... i know this is dmr and i do n't wan na go against your circlejerk but all those strats exist in league , they just do n't work in the same way and depend of different aspects . 
  you have `` pools '' of champions that do the same and the most efficient one at it is usually the one picked , but in no way the 130 + champions all do the same and are good at the same shit ... 
  i know very little about the previous compendiums , but when they announced the 17 ' compendium a saw a bunch of people saying that it was definitely worse than the previous two , is that true ? 
  and if it is , how is it outpacing the previous one so hard ? 
  yeah , the campaign was definitely the most interesting thing for me in the compendium . 
  holy shit the worst part is people being reasonable and arguing in favor of lasthitting in dota and league while saying that it 's probably better not existing in hots since it has less focus in laning and more on map-wide brawls . 
  but people still just ignore their arguments and revert to `` it 's a useless mechanic '' , all they do is repeat soundbites instead of trying to understand stuff , it 's depressing . 
  i thought my laptop was dying when that started happening live , scared the living shit out of me ... 
  i agree that definitely the lack of international play hurts a lot , just look at the region that stands the best chance to defeat the koreans , it 's the lms 's flash wolves and ahq , and that 's because they are so close to korea that they can scrim regularly korean teams . 
  meanwhile the west is stuck trying to emulate the korean meta through watching vods , and fail miserably . 
  but again , think back to when europe was seen as a top region in league , it was mostly because they were innovators , they created their own meta and gave no shits about the koreans , even more recently in 2015 fnatic and origen just did their own thing , reached semis , and gave hope for a new european dynasty ... but then both teams lost their best duo and now we have 2 years of european teams regressing to just copying the koreans , and at most evolved an even more braindead boring meta where they do nothing for 40 minutes and just trade objectives with the enemy team . 
  i miss the old double tp meta crafting eu :\\, 
  i think your first point explains perfectly na thought , recently flyquest 's moon said that he stopped watching the korean league because he just could n't do the same things they did so just gave up trying and focused on winning in na . 
  riot still sees msi has a showmatch tournament instead of being a big event , for them is a less `` funny '' all-stars . 
  it 's hilarious they put so much more effort into selling skins , for example : the feature game mode with thresh to sell those space skins ( they even made a thresh announcer pack as an ad for it ) , yet they ca n't bother to do a least a small skins bundle with extra fluff like icons , banners , other announcers packs and shit like that to help increase the prize pool of their second biggest international tournament , i 'm not asking for a compendium , but selling 1 skin should be seen as insulting to the pro-players . 
  well , only partly , the prizepool increases the money that everyone gets . 
  which is honestly depressing , without the karma skin they would have gotten only 12.500 $ . 
  riot even put down less money this year than last year , msi 2016 - 400.000 $ to msi 2017 - 250.000 $ ( + karma skin ) . 
  and this is riot 's second biggest international tournament , valve at least puts down 3 million for their majors in dota . 
  holy shit riot actually put down less money this year than last year . 
  msi 2016 - 400.000 $ prize pool divided by top 4, 
  msi 2017 - 250.000 $ + ( karma skin , from which they get 75 % of the sales ) divided by all the teams . 
  but forgiven did that when the game came out , and i think their ranked system back then was beyond garbage from what i read . 
  also did n't link actually go to china to play in a dota team ? 
  or am i mistaking players ? 
  yes i believe that most pro-players in any of this games can reach high elo in any of the other games , but 2 weeks is just depressing . 
  no , it 's 250.000 $ given by riot and they guaranteed based on their estimations that digital sales would increase at least 750.000 $ . 
  that 's not the same as riot putting down 1 million dollars . 
  it 's like valve coming out and saying that the next ti will have a guaranteed 20 million prizepool , even though the money is n't coming directly from them . 
  also it 's even worse when you see that riot even decreased the money they put down , last year they gave 400.000 $ to the top 4 teams , this year they only gave 250.000 $ for all teams in the tournament . 
  this is what happens when becoming a streamer and having a more relaxed life earns you more money than practicing 10 hours a day , be the best in your region and crash & burn in international tournaments for so little money . 
  i thought i unsubscribed from r/funny, 
  the issue is not the 25 % but what and how riot actually tries to sell . 
  honestly , i know it 's not a fair to compare this since they want to make money , but look at all the effort that went into selling the new cosmic skins , they made a entire new game mode and created a thresh voice announcer . 
  meanwhile there 's no mention in the entire client that the karma skin increases the prizepool for msi , most players probably do n't even know that , including people that bought the skin . 
  i 'm not asking riot to make something like valve 's compendium ( even thought that shit would earn them millions ) , but at least pretend you give a shit instead of implementing it just because players and teams complained a bunch last year . 
  also , like i said in another thread , riot decreased the base pricepool this year , from 400k to the top 4 teams ( msi 2016 ) to 250k divided by all teams ( msi 2017 ), 
  how many times did you see them mentioning it during the broadcast ? 
  i did n't see all the matches but i do n't remember hearing it once , maybe just a picture of it between matches during the stats images they show . 
   arent we being a little petty here ? 
  like i get that it may still not be ideal but its still a huge step from previous msis ( hell , prizepool will propably reach the one of s2-s5 worlds ) and its also a new practice from riot so give them little time ... 
  it 's not that complicated , just make more stuff and bundle it together to seem worth it , would it be that hard to make a `` challenger karma voice pack '' if you bought the skin for more 2.5 $ or something like that . 
   msi 2016 had 400k prizepool because it was hosted by tencent directly, 
  yeah ... ryze and tryndamere and their multibillion dollar company would starve to death if they gave the extra 150k from last year . 
  everybody at msi including the teams that did n't advance from the play-ins get a %, 
  just a sidenote , it seems that 1.400.000 is a rounded number since riot only put down 250k $ . 
  1.400 k + 250k = 1.650 k = / = 1.690 k , ze math does n't check out . 
  but there 's specific `` your team does n't want you to play like that '' scenarios that are extremely murky , and may result in you being reported and banned even if you inform your team of what you are doing , like you keeping pressure in the sidelanes while ignoring any teamfight if you think that you would have no value in 5v5 's , or a support in a losing lane deciding to roam to help feed the solo lanes . 
  how are you measuring monte 's `` success '' outside of league , so far he only did the english cast of apex . 
  also joe miller moved to a production position i think , which was one of the reasons for him to leave riot . 
  sure you do n't get banned for 1 game , but it 's actually pretty easy to get banned , my housemate has 2 permabanned accounts and it 's mostly because he plays ranked high , he 's hardly toxic and he does n't `` int '' , he feeds as much as any other bronze players , but has long as you keep getting reports you will get 2 weeks banned and if you get reports in a close period after that you are straight up permabanned . 
  it 's a bit ridiculous that riot 's ban path goes directly from 2 weeks ban to permabanned account . 
  i know a bunch of people that have been banned and permabanned , even i got a couple of games chat restrict , euw is a special place . 
  bronze is straight up awful , like they say stuff that even i would feel bad saying lol, 
  which so far still has no sold slot , meanwhile 5 or 6 ( lost count ) teams disbanded in the last 2 weeks . 
  how is that being more successful than anything deman is doing ? 
  `` verbal agreements '' , which might turn into signed contracts once blizzard drops a few millions from that ridiculous prize tag, 
  journalist that has been working for years dealing with leaks in esports , and rarely publishes wrong articles , uses sources to stipulate facts , and like always is unable to reveal sources so that they are protected , like normal journalism . 
  - lies lies lies lies !!!, 
  blizzard puts out the most pr bullshit piece , saying absolutely nothing - yup it 's blizzard they never lie , 
  only shit blizzdrones are even more braindead than i thought ... 
  the changes seem interesting , but can someone explain how does that fix the issue of kindred being extremely feast or famine ? 
  it 's still a 50/50 bet of being able to do damage thanks to the stacks , or being useless if you ca n't . 
  that 's my issue that i think will fuck her later , high bonus ad ratios reinforces kindred going a more crit build instead of on-hit ( specially with the free bonus atkspeed on q ) . 
  this means that if she gets ahead early and gets a bunch of stacks she becomes a monster with her % health damage and high bonus ad ratios . 
  that 's the issue with the rng aspect of her kit , you ca n't really control how strong kindred is at all phases of the game . 
  although the % health damage is magic damage , so that might be easier to mitigate , and make her less oppressing if she 's ahead . 
  i have n't touched her in years , i thought her current build was similar to kalista/kog , and according to op.gg it is ( bloodrazor + runnan 's + bc/botrk/frozenmallet ) , what i 'm arguing is that the bonus ad ratios and thanks to the unreliability of her stacks , this would push her into a more consistent ad/crit centric build , which increases her dps substantially , and would make it even more ridiculous if she actually gets stacks since they will increase her kit and dps . 
  wolf published a wrong article 2 years ago , became a meme in the main league sub and destroyed pretty much all his credibility after that , since then he has been building on it slowly , i do n't think he 's dumb enough to publish something like the piece on the owleague knowing how big it is without being sure of it , also he mentions `` multiple sources '' , meanwhile the competitive ow sub seems to believe he talked to some random guy with a grudge . 
  yeah i like the quinn comparison in terms of dps style , but there 's also one aspect that riot is missing and ironically allows quinn to be a better early jungler adc than kindred , and the same for graves . 
  since they removed the passive heal from kindred her early sustain in the jungle is garbage , that 's why she ca n't contest the marks or go for early mark kills , meanwhile quinn and graves who fill a similar niche have abilities that mitigate damage taken in the jungle ( quinn 's blind and graves 's auto `` shove '' ) . 
  i think that more important than giving her reliable dps , which appears to be the point of these buffs , they should have given her some source of sustain in the jungle so she is able to `` hunt '' objectives without being at 1/3 health all the time . 
  all i remember from ferngully is the creepy [ big lipped alligator moment ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wjrbplnbg24 ), 
  why does she look like a normal girl ? 
  it 's kinda weird seeing a normal looking person in a game like this , she 's like a non-cartoony version of ow 's sombra . 
  she does n't seem to be from the same game as the previous heroes i 've seen from paragon . 
  kit is interesting though , i like the pull ally ability , mostly for the ability to pull the ally just before they kill someone . 
  mate , this is a balance thread , i 'm talking about riot controlling kindred 's balance throughout all phases of the game , not if some random soloq jungler will be able to control her or not in game . 
  i 'm arguing that giving kindred strong ad ratios so she 's more items reliant than stack reliant gives her a safe enough alternative in case the early game goes wrong , but in the cases where she 's snowballs and is able to get items + a bunch of stacks that give her increase damage and utility , she might become overbearing in the mid and late game . 
  it 's just an expression ... 
  also that fnatic academic squad looks mediocre as fuck , all rejected former lcs players . 
  still , viewership in eu definitely plays a big part in these negotiations , at the very least because if you have a team in na you have a huge single market , in eu when it comes to publicity and sponsorships you are still locked into regional markets , if i remember correctly giants 's owner said that they had almost zero non-spanish sponsors , so being in lcs made no difference to them since what their sponsors want is spanish viewers . 
  i 'm sorry if i offended the virtual character by calling it the wrong pronoun ... 
  teams do n't have to pay to get in if someone gives them the spot , but in this case and like many others , the sale occurs because riot does n't allow one organization to own more than 1 team in the lcs at the same time , so orgs that have challenger teams ( the lcs 2nd division ) that win the promotion spot for the lcs have to sell their new spot to somebody else . 
   personally what i 'd like to see more of is people being like `` the way people have talked about franchising , i would n't like it . 
  i 'd like to see it done this way . '' i 'd like to see a lot more of that . 
  i think that feedback would be really valuable . 
  at least he 's reasonable enough . 
  honestly , i think a franchise system would work if riot :, 
  1 ) expands the challenger scene : force all lcs teams to hold sister teams and maintain a 10 man-roster , and allow them to trade players between the squads when needed . 
  2 ) expand the scouting grounds , to help new blood get noticed . 
  if riot is going to lock the lcs away , they have to implement better systems for new players to emerge , that is n't just around a pro-player liking him in soloq . 
  i think most do n't really care and just want their kids quiet and still for 90 minutes . 
  i 'll post this again , [ interview with gabe n. and erik johnson ] ( http://www.gamasutra.com/view/feature/6471/the_valve_way_gabe_newell_and_.php?page=3 ) 1 :, 
   ** suddenly moba is a genre , right ? 
  though i do n't know if you guys consider dota 2 moba -- that 's what [ league of legends developer ] riot calls it .
