  he 's tumblr in person , ultra sjw in a 3-men relationship with a transgender `` videogame archivist '' and another random guy . 
  his stubborn views on how taliyah 's vector ability should work made her literally worse at release , until someone else in the balance team probably forced him to listen to the people playing the champion . 
  almost all narratives riot creates are pretty mindless and just to create hype , it 's much easier for the casual fan to understand hai 's rise again with `` omg he does so much damage look at it , he 's a monster !, 
  '' , than spend 10 minutes talking about all the little nuances of hai 's macroplay decisions ( which to be fair it was what zirene tried to do while casting and i was for the first time impressed by him ) . 
  the lcs is n't much far from just being a noob stream , but hey that 's what gives them views . 
  is this being downvoted because its ls or because he 's pointing to an obvious basic issue with western teams ? 
  how many more hour long slung fest or 4 kills in 40 minutes games before more people realise that most teams do n't seem to understand how to push their advances and create their win scenarios ? 
  almost all of the games from the past 2 weeks were far from `` clean '' . 
  please even the most basic stuff like not going for a 50/50 baron when you have a lead happens over and over again dragging games beyond what they needed to be , some of this games are full yoloq sometimes . 
  the largest * possible '' demographic is the casual , that does n't mean they are actually watching it , league has the worst players-to-viewers ratio of any of the top 4 esports , it 's obvious that riot 's approach to entice the casual demographic is not working and at the same time is annoying the viewers that have watched for years and expect a certain substantial evolution in the content provided ( i 'm pretty sure the viewership is declining even with all the streams put togehter ) . 
  the only substantial thing that riot made for more long time viewers were jatt 's teamfight segments that go more indepth into the game . 
  95 % of the broadcast remains pretty light when it comes to game analysis . 
  true he gave korean examples , but also talked about how the infrastructure and player mentality and behaviour makes it happen less in korea . 
  both are things that can be changed in the west . 
  [ newzoo has data of casual viewership vs esport viewership share ( only twitch though , but we are talking about lcs so ... ) ] ( https://newzoo.com/insights/rankings/top-games-twitch/ ) and it shows that the esport viewership share of league is never above 30 % ( minus october since it 's worlds ) and it 's constantly below cs go and dota 2 when it comes to esport share ( again minus in october since it 's worlds ), 
  is the chinese market watching lcs ? 
  or even less probable , are they watching the english broadcast of lcs ? 
  also again , the worlds finals numbers are not even close to being representative of the lcs numbers . 
  mate , this entire thread is about the lcs ( kelsey is talking about na lcs specifically even ) , my own parent comment also criticises directly the lcs ( `` the lcs is n't much far from just being a noob stream '' ) , and if you want to analyse western viewership you have to utilise mostly twitch since it still has hold of the majority of the streaming market , and [ according to this source ( that i already pointed out in another comment ) ] ( https://newzoo.com/insights/rankings/top-games-twitch/ ) , the vast majority of casual players/viewers do not watch league esports aside from worlds . 
  talking about the chinese number of players in a context of lcs viewership is bullshit since they do n't watch the lcs , and because the broadcast is marketed to the western viewers . 
  a tank doing 6 times the damage of his carries , it sure looks like league to me . 
  i still do n't agree with / u/lunaticmode that league viewership is fake , but that 's mostly because it has been showed that the lcs viewership is definitely declining . 
  [ i tried arguing this in the main sub and how riot 's lcs strategy is pushing away their viewership while trying to grab a casual viewership that does n't give a shit about pro-league ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/5qn4c9/kelsey_moser_on_the_narratives_of_the_nalcs/dd0ptby/?context=10000 ) , but was downvoted , like have fun being little sheeps but at least start questioning shit once people provide you evidence , they just keep screaming the 100 million players while not being able to understand the context of that number ... 
  oh lol that 's happens all the fucking time , it got worse when they started doing 2 streams at the same time , but i do kinda miss the game crashing on the observers , that has n't happen in a while i think, 
  it 's a tristana , alistar and garen skin if you subscribe to their 3 social media ( facebook/youtube/twitter ) , even though the riot tristana is the only decent one ... and only thanks to the rework . 
  riot in a number of ways reinforced their idea of an objective focused meta , so now how teams play the game is the only viable way , the main ones in my opinion were :, 
  | they increased first tower gold while making the bottom tower weaker than the rest to force the 1-1-2 meta ( since ad carries are the best tower pushers ) . 
  | by reducing the gold own from kills ( and no scaling on bounties ) + by making towerdives more difficult by increasing tower damage and removing the ability to jungle tower damage = they removed any incentive to go for kills , instead trying to chip away on the towers slowly . 
  this results in the boring stale meta that we see over and over again , since there 's not much you can do inside of the way riot is forcing you to play . 
  you have to lane for 20 minutes , try to get picks ( which probably wo n't be a success thanks to mechanics of the game , i.e. 
  flash and champions with a ton of mobility ) and push a tower ... move to the next one , wash and repeat . 
  the difference between korea and na , is that na every single year forgets how to do something as basic as this shit . 
  from an na lcs production side , the analyst desk is fucking useless and keep repeating the same stats and same information over and over again ( which to be fair when you have to `` analyse '' those paint-by-numbers games which no diversity , there 's not much you can talk about ) , and the shoutcasters repetitly overhype matches ( `` oh look they are 2-1 at 30 minutes the macro play is insannne ! '', 
  i doubt that will ever happen , over and over again , riot has showned that in terms of balace they prefer to nerf or remove mechanics that make certain strategies too opressive instead of buffing other strategies . 
  this is better shown in how they buff and nerf the jungle and jungle items , `` the health stacking item is too strong ? 
  lets make in unviable and nerf all the tier s champions until you wo n't see tanks ever again in the jungle '' , `` the ap item is too op ? 
  lets remove him or make it useless for most ap champions '' , `` the attackspeed item is making weird picks like jungle tf possible ? 
  fuck that shit lets rework the item and make it useless '' ... they never ever try to balance shit , their balance philosophy is nerf anything `` oppresive '' instead of buffing other strategies . 
  that shit would move on to league 2.0 and will definitely move into their fighter , ca n't wait to see the fighting scene bitch about riot as well . 
  last year riot games acquired an indie dev called radiant entertainment , they were doing 2 games , a minecraft/sim city type game ( which is now on steam i think ) and they dropped the development of their other game , a modular fighter called rising thunder , where the character instead of normal combos had abilities they could use and were on a cooldown . 
  while not yet announced the theory is that they scrapped the project to make a league of legends fighter . 
  it seems riot is ultra focused on the esport aspect that 's why they want a fighter since there 's no actual big game in the genre , according to esl 's boss all fighting games are tier 3 when it comes to players/esport hours watching/prizes . 
  i think it 's dumb , if i was riot and i liked money ( which i always thought they did ) i would make diablo-like story missions for each champions , they hired a bunch of writers for their lore team , people that play league are already used to the isometric top down view and they can literally translate the abilities and models easily , just have to make art assets for each `` region '' and you can reuse them over and over again while changing the level designs and lore . 
  sell them for like 5 to 10 $ each 2 ~ 3 hours mission , and you make the easiest money in your life . 
  [ here 's his most recent image of the tiers ] ( http://cds.y4j7y8s9.hwcdn.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/gametiers_jan17_hilgers.jpg ) if you are curious, 
  maybe the legs were n't the only thing piltover `` augmented '' on camille . 
  lol you say that like she is n't 100 % banned, 
  i own cs : go and even have it install it right now but every time i try to play it i 'm reminded that i fucking suck at shooters , yet i can still enjoy it and get excited watching it 's competitive games because even if i do n't understand its more nuanced mechanics it 's still a pretty straightforward game and probably the most accessible esport right now for a casual viewer , i 'm pretty sure a lot of people feel the same way . 
  so yes , over 1 million viewers for their biggest event when cs : go has an entire generation of people that grew up playing or at least knowing it exists , it 's not that difficult of see . 
  sidenote : why does this sub have such a huge hard-on for viewer numbers and does archyes just bitch irrationally about any non-dota game ? 
  in me2 the infiltrator class had a sniper time dilation passive if you used a sniper riffle , i abused that class to beat the game in hardcore on the ps3 ... i 'm sorry but shooting with a controller fucking sucks < _ <, 
  but that 's been an issue with riot balance philosophy , most of the times they end up over nerfing everything ( nerfing both a champion and it 's preferred items ) until something else rises , instead of trying to solve the issues underpowered champions have , anyone want to make a list of ap champions that were nerfed because of rilays before the item was gutted ? 
  and this happened in every other role , being more obvious how the jungle meta rotated according to what jungle item was op last year and what champions better utilized it before riot gutted both . 
  another difference is that while riot balances the game around pro play , nerfing whatever appears to be op in competitive games ( example : we were waiting for pro-play to see if we should nerf jayce/camille/rengar ) , at the same time they seem to refuse to buff certain champions just because they can be oppressive in bronze/silver/gold . 
  the only recent difference was the small quality of life to master yi . 
  this is pointed out every time a roundtable is posted , i think the issue is that he works the table as an outside mediator for the guests to talk with each other , but as the `` creative '' roundtable showed with jon favreau , it feels more natural when the mediator is one of them ( another actor/director/producer etc ) . 
  all media outlets say registered accounts ... that 's way different than copies sold , and much worse than actual `` active players '' , i ca n't find anywhere if these registered accounts include close beta/open beta ( free weekend ) and pc bang accounts . 
  talking about league 's 100 million monthly active accounts is already pretty useless when you are talking about actual active playerbase , but talking about `` registered all time accounts '' is way way worse . 
   `` for a game that is n't really breaking barriers anymore . '' ... 
  `` so yes while riot is n't the leading , cutting edge it used to be '', 
  what are you talking about ? 
  riot made a good product at the right time and saw huge success with it , league was never about `` breaking barriers '' or `` cutting edge '' ... 
  also i 've never seen people bitch about the artistic divisions of riot ( art design/music/lore ) , people love them and always praise them and the ones that do n't at least understand that art is subjective . 
  the rest of the issues you talked about , the game balance team and the esports division can and should be criticise since they constantly make the same mistakes even after being called out on them . 
  look at all the good changes that happened to lcs , but only after months of personalities/teams/community bitching about it , it took forever to implement stuff that other esports had just because riot was being stubborn . 
  constructive criticism should always be welcome . 
   issues get fixed pretty fast . 
  now i 'm not sure if your post is a parody , pls someone go get that 100 mordekaiser bugs thread, 
  after the first week the meta stabilised and you stopped seeing more weird picks , right now the new 10 p&b is pretty choreographed , blue side bans x/y/z , red side bans a/b/c , blue side picks malz , red side picks varus + zyra , wash and repeat , specially in the na lcs ... ffs yesterday 2 teams picked the exact same comp at the same time ( 2 different streams ), 
  [ there 's a english caster for the korean league that can pretty much `` predict '' the exactly the p/b phase most of the time ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-qga1vg588&amp;t=102s ), 
  he does have a pretty neat tabletop games collection though, 
  i could argue how simplifying many of those mechanics in conjunction with their business strategy it 's originating many of the balance issues and the staleness of the metas over the years . 
  still , i find it funny that you can change dota with league and lol with hots and your post could be found in many of the similarly worded posts in the hots subreddit . 
  first off i do n't have much experience with hots only played it for a bit when it came about after the beta , so i ca n't say much about the difference between the two , i just pointed out how your comment looked like many i 've seen in r/games defending hots . 
  when comparing dota/league on the other hand , the things you pointed out before i think could be more a question of taste and what you look in the game , denying is another layer in the strategy between you and your enemy , turnrates i prefer league 's but i can understand how it helps melee carries do their job better in dota since it 's harder to kite ( this might also be the cause of the mobility creep in league in melee champions , since otherwise they get abused by ranged champions ) . 
  but there 's 2 things that annoy me about league 's balance philosophy :, 
  1 ) many champions fill the exact same niche , this happens mostly because they ca n't make very distinct champions since people need to unlock them , this way you get to choose the one that you like the visual/kit the better even though another champion does the same . 
  on a competitive level this means that many champions will never be played because there 's others that do the exact same job but the have slightly better numbers . 
  2 ) items are mostly stat buffs , you see the same builds over and over again because going for the items with the best stats for your specific champion is always the best decision , i 've discussed this before but there 's hardly any interactivity with items , i thought the black market brawlers items were a new step for riot , but they ignored most of the interesting items and put the most boring ones in the main mode ( dead man 's plate and martyr 's gambit , which was remade into knight 's vow ) . 
  and like ls most teams have a team of analysts to come to the same conclusion he did ... or probably just watched lck and implemented everything they did there instead of trying to understand the why ... ironically this was the topic of ls 's last video, 
  but that does n't take away from the fact that the p&b phase is already pretty much choreographed . 
  they made zero changes last patch , so this meta will stay the same for at least 3 more weeks , i doubt it will change much . 
  meh skt will win everything this year again . 
  btw did anyone posted here the rumor of a country-based world tournament by riot , what does dmr think about it ? 
  angela sarafyan ( clementine ) does look a bit like windrunner ,, 
  | * spoilers * |, 
  and she 's a pretty good shooter now . 
  it 's a bit depressing that i only found out yesterday that enemy is based on a jos\u00e9 samago novel , i really like how versatile denis is with his pick of stories and writers . 
  did they improve the the cgi for that fight between major and the criminal in the water or am i getting used to seeing it now ? 
  it looked really bad in the first trailer but they were still in post-production . 
  damn now i feel bad for not noticing the blood/air thing after watching this movie so many times , i always associated the sounds as a way to represent max 's disorientation to the viewer . 
  sidenote : it 's kinda sad lindsay got her viewerbase reset after leaving tgwtg , she definitely deserves more viewers , even if people do n't agree with some of her political viewpoints . 
  everyone is extremely nostalgic of those moments of learning to play league ( or any game in general ) and not knowing what to do , for most games that phase is pretty short , dota/moba-type games take much much longer to learn so that intensifies the sense of wonder you get while playing them for the first time . 
  thanks mate !, 
  i should probably ignore most of the pre-7 .0 patch videos right ? 
  pretty much , they said before they do n't want a 1v1 mode because people did n't play it when they released it ... the issue was that it took 5 minutes between queue - champ select - loading screen , and the matches were like 1 minute long . 
  make it a best of 3 or best of 5 , give it a fighting game type ui , and more people would play the mode . 
  i would most definitely put sunshine on my list . 
  i love the visuals and the soundtrack and all the little hints the movie gives you to future events that you only get on multiple viewings ... but by the middle point that movie started jumping the shark for me . 
  ( !!! spoilers !!,
