  my guess , for the finals , 450k viewers on twitch with +100 k on youtube maybe . 
   '' this year our expense is at 8 figures '', 
  damn , that 's a lot of [ weird tshirts ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cnkqfo9u8airquj.png ) and [ dog bags ] ( https://twitter.com/judehyung/status/780665179113558016 ) for imp . 
  that 's what i said before , once franchising reaches na you could literally fill a entire team with streamers and use the lcs just for exposure and the franchise money . 
  the prize for winning the split is not that great , and you are never going to seriously contest the prizepool for msi or worlds , so if you are a bottom 5 team you are better off getting 5 entertaining personalities/streamers than actually good players . 
  we has n't been relevant in league of legends in years , are you seriously arguing they have a bigger following than royal , edward gaming and lgd ? 
  i seriously doubt the chinese viewers will show up to see we get dominated by flash wolves and skt ... 
  this week is just play-ins with all the shit tier wildcard teams , the actual event with the group stage starts next week , and the finals are may 21 i think . 
  because riot decided to reinforce it as a tank-bruiser item instead of a carry item when they removed the extra ad and cdr but added health , but it backfired and now it 's making carries beefier , carries will keep building this item as long as the passive is as good and easy to stack as right now . 
  they should make it stack slower on ranged champions similar to fervor of battle , ashe stacks it to full with a single enhanced q-auto proc ... 
  hmm , that 's a weird animation to showcase the 10 ban system , are teams banning all at the same time ? 
  do you think it 's possible that perfect world might pressure valve into making a deal to start broadcasting dota tournaments in this channel ? 
  he probably means the bamtech deal , but as far as we know it 's only for a online and mobile application ( similar to twitch i guess ) , they never talked about being showed on tv . 
  but the thing is , as far as i can see perfect world is n't associated with any other competitive game besides dota 2 , so why would they be co-founders of a broadcasting channel with tencent if they were n't able to give something to broadcast ? 
  sidenote : i do regularly watch esports on a tv but it 's mostly when i 'm with friends , i think that 's the most standard context . 
  i do n't `` prefer '' either , i only started playing dota after 7.00 so my knowledge is still barebones and i still play league , mostly duo ranked with friends . 
  they are pretty different in my opinion , and have pros and cons to their mechanics and balance , there 's things that dota is definitely superior but there 's others that could be learned from league , some were addressed with the 7.00 update , i 'm also having a really hard time getting into any game outside of the genre right now . 
  also , i use this sub mostly because trying to get any interesting discussion about some incredibly shitty decisions made by riot is impossible in the main league sub , and there 's many people here that also play both and have a better outside view on the issues . 
  they have 30 million ** accounts created ** they never said copies sold . 
  people are dumb and just assumed that , that number is meaningless . 
  we do n't even know if the accounts created during beta count , or if the accounts created during the free weekend events were also included , besides you could easily create multiple accounts in pc bangs in china and korea , you can create multiple accounts with one copy on xbox and ps4 . 
  if investors have the minimum knowledge of the subject they would know that active users is way more important than lifetime users . 
  yup , i think the first was the devourer jungle item in 2015 ( ? ), 
  rip small wolf ghost, 
  pretty much , i wonder how the rest of msi will play out with the brazilian team getting eliminated so soon , can we expect the audience to be respectful or will we see empty seats and a silent crowd ? 
  i seriously doubt they expected red to reach semi 's , but still , brazilians are super nationalistic in traditional sports . 
  we will never know , it seems to be blizzards mo right now since they stopped showing active users in wow . 
  they announce a huge number without clarifying if it 's active users or accounts registered , their fanatic fanbases rejoice in being * huge * , a ton of websites cover it repeating the number also without clarifying it . 
  in the end blizzard gets free publicity and reassures players and investors that their games are n't declining in player base even with continuous negative feedback from their own players ( case in point : heartstone ) . 
  just skim any thread talking about overwatch 's recent 30 million number and you will see a ton of people that believe those numbers are copies bought , even though blizzard never said that . 
  fair enough , but an increase in the activity of the players during key events does n't necessarily mean an increase in player base , besides the point of players coming back during expansions in a similar way to wow like / u/archyes, 
  said , you could also argue that this increase might be a result of maintaining and slightly increasing your core audience ( which more likely will pay money and come straight up during a new expansion since they they are very invested in the game ) , while simultaneously seeing a decline in your casual player base , but we have no way of knowing which one is the correct one since they do n't release real numbers . 
  context , or in this case , lack of context is how companies manipulate information and data . 
  that 's also possible , but hs is different from all the other blizz games as it 's free to play but also has a huge entry wall in front of every new player , much more demoralizing than hots now with the 2.0 reward system update and them giving people 20 heroes . 
  if you start hs right now what systems are implemented to assure new players have easy access to a fair % of the content without having to grind an absurd amount of time ? 
  i can see people jumping between wow , overwatch , diablo and hots and at least enjoys the first 30 hours or so of content , hs looks way more restrictive to new players in comparison . 
  i kinda only glimpsed the renekton changes , you can still at least animation cancel the w right ? 
  first off , visit / r/summonerschool they are better at helping new players even people with knowledge of the genre already, 
   i consider myself to be well rounded and can always mostly fill any roll but what role is really needed or best to rank with ? 
  jungle , it 's the role with the highest impact in the early game and controls the pacing of the match . 
   sticking with 2-3 roles which champs would you recommend for me to main in ranked play in this current meta ( tank/bruiser , support , adc ) ? 
  if these can possibly be low ip cost that will also help me get started . 
  if you want 2 roles that overlap champions the easiest would be jungle/top , most junglers can be played decently in the top lane, 
  best cheap tank/bruisers for jungle/top in my opinion : gragas ( 3150 ) and galio ( 3150 ) are pretty versatile and you can also play them mid if you want ; poppy and warwick are super cheap ( 450 ) and both work well top and jungle ; and if you want mid ip tier jax , sion and xin zhao cost 1350 each and they can be play has frontline tanks or as ad bruisers , also jax is a terrifying late game hypercarry splitpusher . 
  ok , does n't kespa already work similarly to a franchise ? 
  since most big orgs belong to or are under their umbrella ? 
  i think franchising will never be implemented in korea unless kespa can be an important part of it . 
  which to be honest is kinda weird , from an outside perspective lck is the perfect place to franchise , most orgs are already associated thanks to kespa , there 's a long tradition of sister teams in korea in this case they would be used for challenger scouting in the lower division , most big teams are sponsored by non-endemic companies , and they are n't affected by the regional divide that other leagues will face since most koreans live in the same city so you ca n't have city-based orgs . 
  but riot values a lot the public interaction with the casters , sound proof cabins do n't feel the same . 
  i agree , but i was just making a joke , it 's the excuse that riot uses to not build sound proof cabins for the players during big events, 
  mostly the new hud , even if the main sub bitched for weeks i think valve did a great job making a modern sleek hud , the old one was a huge turn off for me when i tried dota 2 for the first time , specially after riot reworked their hud to the current one . 
  is there anyway to watch these besides paying for the battlepass ? 
  btw , this was exactly the sort of media content that noah from immortals was talking when he said he would only partner with players willing to do this sort of things , it 's a win win for everyone , the community gets to see another side of the players , the players get to build their personal brands and the orgs/sponsors get more exposure , while producing entertaining , and in some cases really high quality , content . 
  when i was listening to tb explain the game in the co-optional podcast last year [ all i could think about was that scene in fantastic mr.fox explaining whack-bat ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnpyzsph8ti ), 
  edit : i meant battleborn btw . 
  actually the league system right now is fucking horrible , there 's like 50 matches per week between all the major leagues ( eu/na/china / korea ) , and this is ignoring the smaller regions and challenger leagues ) , not only does it create a huge over saturation and viewer fatigue but also most single matches feel pretty meaningless , there 's zero hype around matches in the regular splits excluding during the playoffs , and that 's probably the reason for the huge drop in viewership this year . 
  meanwhile riot is going the opposite way `` fuck voice-com , lets make it possible to also mute pings , cause our game needs zero communication between teammates ! '', 
  the issue is that it seems they are more preoccupied with reducing communication options than increasing with voice-chat , which every single multiplayer game has for a very good reason . 
  throw off korea ? 
  the region known to be the fastest to adapt to new metas ? 
  i think riot needs to rethink their strategy then . 
  damn , a dota 2 campaign sounds sweet as fuck , the dota team got so sick of valve not developing new games that they made a game inside their game !, 
  on the other hand , that ranked double down sounds like a paradise for boosting people in ranked :|, 
  it 's not stupidity of others , is just exploiting key behavior patterns , i would say it 's definitely not ethical if your fanbase skews to the younger demographic . 
  wtf , yes i ca n't see it if i log out of my account , did my post get deleted by the mods for criticizing the people in that sub ? 
  that 's hilarious . 
  pretty much , loot boxes are gambling for the underage , i 'm the first to say in many cases that it 's the parents fault for not educating their kids , but we should never take away all responsibility from publishers and developers who implement these system knowing they can be abused to exploit their younger audiences . 
  r/games , which nowadays is mostly `` trailer for x '' `` x game is available '' `` you can now pre-order x on steam !, 
  '' , there 's almost zero actual discussion there , also they are incredibly console bias . 
  no , it 's r/games, 
  pretty much everything that riot implemented in league in the last 6 to 8 months ( including their new esport revenue streams ) were already implemented by valve years ago , the only drastic thing i can think that valve took inspiration from league was the new hud . 
  and i 'll repeat myself , riot has a far larger dev team than valve . 
  did i hurt your feelings by criticizing riot and pointing out things that could improve the game and the community ? 
  i 'm one the most league-sympathetic people in that sub and i post regularly here . 
  so you are arguing that increasing the prize pool with skins and creating more in-game items to purchase and give money to the teams was something that valve did n't do first ? 
  mostly for the `` bullshit that goes into items '' , it 's the same mentality as both the other two commentators, 
  to be fair tsm has a shit track record outside of league , honestly they are a pretty shitty org even in league people seem to forget all the shit that regi did over the years . 
  also they still have no vc money ( probably because they ca n't keep teams in multiple titles and that 's what vc money wants ) , so of course than ca n't afford a ow slot with those ridiculous prices . 
  there 's also the possibility that riot is doing buy-in slots for next year of lcs and tsm choose the spend their money on that slot other than in the ow league . 
  for curiosity what 's your background in shooters ? 
  and how do other shooters stack up vs ow in the competitive sense in you opinion ? 
  [ there this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/comments/45b8sp/returning_to_lol_after_a_few_monthsyears_of_not/ ) on / r/summonerschool that gets updated pretty regularly , to help players that are coming back to league . 
  damn did n't expect such a detailed answer , but thanks as someone with almost zero skill and experience in shooters , aside from tf2 ( because the modded servers were fun as fuck ) , this is really interesting . 
  it seems some of the issues you have with the game comes from it 's original design philosophy , and it goes back to blizzard putting a strong emphasis on casual players feeling accomplished for doing stuff with very little skill or by `` being part of the team !, 
  '' , which resulted in all those changes to maps and resource allocation since it reinforces this `` stay grouped '' mentality . 
  i think most casual players would feel lost playing overwatch if this was n't the case , from a game design standpoint where your objective is to help your players enjoy the game it 's really smart , but it obviously has repercussions when it comes to competitive play . 
  also have you posted that in the ow competitive sub i would love to see their arguments against what you said lol, 
   i 'm still stupidly young ( 17 , will be 18 soon ) , mostly got gud at around 9-10 ish , but been playing pc since like 6/7 years old, 
  now i feel old and i 'm only 25 ... 
  it could be worse , they are always at least top 2 in their region , they do suck in international play . 
  but they still have the biggest western fanbase , and i hate the living shit out of them , they are like the personification of twitch chat ... i wish bjergsen was bought out by another org , he 's honestly the only think holding tsm together . 
  [ this is obviously valve yet again ripping off riot ] ( https://lolskinshop.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/mundoturn.jpg ) , fucking disgusting ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  if bjergsen wants to actually contest worlds he should go back to europe , bjerg mid , sven/mithy bot , jankos jug and vizi top would be the strongest purely european team in a long long fucking time . 
  edit : yeah 2015 fnatic fans were fucking impossible , they are pretty humble right now lol, 
  there 's nothing wrong with strong independent classy women [ in bikini ] ( https://2.bp.blogspot.com/-tzteagvgi_q/v3vjw5iz5qi/aaaaaaaarki/syqgvtwnciopsxi20uhbckxaqozuie2daclcb/s1600/fiora_splash_5.jpg ) or [ as school teachers ] ( http://www.leagueoflegendsskins.com/images/champions/splash/fiora_3.jpg ) if it shows their best attributes as fighters, 
  after my last post in the league subreddit i 'm pretty sure it 's impossible to reach the level of delusional that you can find there sometimes . 
  [ it sounds like the same actor for rocket in the telltale game ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l8nzuk-nwgy ) ... god this game looks ugly , why did n't they use a `` comic book '' aesthetic like in wolf among us or tales from borderlands ? 
  there 's actually some pretty interesting stats if you ignore the top 5 :, 
  - heroes of the storm with almost 8 million in prize pool , almost as much as hearthstone , whom most people would think is a way bigger esport at least when it comes to viewership . 
  blizzard clearly pushing hots hardcore as a esport .
