  ok several questions :, 
  - is this just a name change or are they rebuilding a new platform , if it 's the first then its the same as blizzard removing the battle.net name from their client ;, 
  - on the same note , is this a platform similar to blizzards b.net since it 's name used to be `` tencent games platform '' or an actual store ... cause if it 's the first , that 's really different from being `` tencent 's version of steam '' if all the games belong to tencent from the start . 
  - also ... i seriously doubt this is ever coming out of china . 
  even if you were just there auto'ing , if your full build has tabi 's , randuin 's and mortal reminder you pretty much mitigate a ton of tryndamere 's possible damage output plus his regen , since he 's a pretty one note champion , at least fiora and yi have true damage . 
  they already made a `` classic music '' album , it 's their [ music of league of legends vol .1 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8alubppzchc&amp;list=plbafxjc0j5gae5_5p4copfjqspj8even7 ), 
  my favorite are [ lulu and shaco 's quirky encounter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pmnlrshjsg8&amp;index=8&amp;list=plbafxjc0j5gae5_5p4copfjqspj8even7 ) and [ veigar 's tiny masterpiece of evil ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkxcljjclf0&amp;index=3&amp;list=plbafxjc0j5gae5_5p4copfjqspj8even7 ), 
  damn , i sure did n't expect her to be the one to end up being the biggest youtuber from everyone at tgs/polaris network , i still remember when she was just the other housemate of dodger and husky . 
  for more context : people trade lists of thousands of users that get automatically blocked by a script , they do n't individually block people . 
  damn , that 's a name i have n't heard in years , kinda weird that almost nobody from the tgwtg website were able to gain a bigger audience after leaving ... aside from theamazingatheist ... unfortunally, 
  also , valve is notorious for having little to no costumer service ( less people to pay ) , and they have a pretty big crowd sourcing for their skins/items design ( less artists and designers have to get hired ) . 
  valve/steam is hardly something you can compare one-to-one with any other developer . 
  if you are in need of some more idiotic baseless arguments on why last hiting is archaic and blizzard is revolutionizing the industry yet again , [ just go to games ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/games/comments/65w8uj/heroes_of_the_storm_hanamura_overview_latest/ ), 
  there 's a difference between translating characters from other franchises into a dota-style/moba game , and pretty much just making a isometric payload mode , what other maps directly translate a gameplay from another blizzard game ? 
  most i 've seen just change the lane creeps and neutral camps to be thematic with the game they want to emulate . 
   people had integrity on the forums back then, 
  you and me visited very different gaming forums 10 years ago ... 
   cis , ** eu ** , peru , and sea = dota, 
  in league , eu west + eu east have around 4.6 million ranked players ( since this is the only stat we have direct access to ) , no offense but dota 2 does n't have the eu market , individual countries maybe , i think the uk tends more for dota than league . 
  honestly , after seeing all the downsides to her : short range , not as tanky as in the pit , the lower her health the lower the damage she does . 
  it seems it will be a numbers game , she will either be super op must have buff that will break the meta ... or ( the most likely ) she will still be mostly ignored and something you take when you already have a lead in the top side of the map and she will help you push a little bit harder by being a bigger melee creep . 
  imaqtpie had an interview with the gaming-centric division of rolling stone and they say [ that he earns 2 million ( without counting sponsorships ) ] ( http://www.rollingstone.com/culture/news/retired-pro-gamer-michael-imaqtpie-santana-earns-2-million-a-year-w473992 ) you have a somewhat big audience on twitch you definitely earn more money than some big youtubers , specially now with youtube ads monetization going down the drain . 
  but now they can get killed by a single auto from mf or lulu ... 
  question : if we removed the champion/summoner name from the top of the health bar , will these cc atributes also not show up ? 
  i seriously do n't want more text clutter in the middle of fights and these notifications are pretty useless for me at least . 
  i 'm still not sure about maokai 's new ult , it 's pretty huge and it 's a 3 seconds root , but it 's incredibly slow and an be blocked by tanks ( and yasuo 's wall , finally nami is not alone in getting her entire ult nullified for touching the tip of a basic ability ), 
  ... why does it deal [ edit : 17k true damage to the outer tower ] , 12k true damage to towers ?!, 
  does it scale with the level/hp/ad / whatever of the champion that activated her ? 
  yesterday i said she would only be contested if her damage was op ... this is fucking op, 
  edit : [ here 's another video of herald ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=egjtzudtjmk ) , the damage does n't appear to scale with the user , if this goes to live i think we will see a ton of pre-20 games , specially since you can solo it lol, 
  yeah i saw it after i wrote the previous comment , already edited it . 
  this will not go to live , it 's just too broken , they will probably nerf it to more reasonable numbers , and it will become again a niche thing you do if you already have a lead . 
  i meant in the sense that you can proc the eye alone unlike right now , if you are playing a tanky champion with enough sustain ( i.e. 
  ww ) you can easily kill the new rift just by hitting her eye , it might take a while though but that 's the same risk you have if you try to solo drake . 
   we would love to hear it . 
  well , me too , but if i put the sound higher the guy in the bottom cam destroys my ears , and if i lower the volume it becomes a solo patch breakdown cause i stop being able to hear the top cam guy , you guys really really need to equalize the mics otherwise its impossible to listen to this , literally . 
   that leads to corporativism in sports, 
  have you seen american sports ? 
  more on topic :, 
  1 ) from the news source i saw this is being pushed by alibaba not tencent ;, 
  2 ) i think it will work more like a mix of winter olympics x evo , it 's not part of the main event but a side competition , they will choose different titles ( probably the most popular ones in asia ) to have a standard tournament , and in the end the team that wins gets a `` medal '' . 
  we have seen that young people have less and less interest in watching traditional sports , and alibaba is the biggest tech company in china , of course they will push something for their main demographic . 
  charmed is a cc that forces the enemy to walk in your direction while having a slight slow , it 's the opposite of the fear cc , which forces the enemy to run slowly away from you . 
  until this year only ahri had it , the foxy succubus champion , the new champion [ rakan has an aoe form ] ( https://youtu.be/hywnohm1fsk?t=2m35s ) of it , also until last year it could disable any movement spell mid animation , but riot did n't like that so removed that interaction, 
  the issue is that i asked in the league sub if this could be disabled in the options and the only response from a rioter was `` oh but high skilled players said they really like it ! '', 
  ... bitch that 's not what i asked ... 
  nevermind , i went to see my original post and he answered to another guy below me with `` thanks for your reasoned response . 
  we hear you , players will be able to toggle it off . '', 
  well , at least there 's that . 
  a bunch of what 's being said there is incredibly hypocritical coming from the overwatch sub or blizzard-related sub ... 
   actiblizz is n't necessarily slimy, 
  did i miss something in the last decade ? 
  when did activision stopped being slimy ? 
  also , all gaming publishers are greedy , this includes valve , for all `` games inc '' what matters is maximizing profits . 
  also , there 's way more stuff to point at riot and blame them for being greedy fuckers , than to continue to mention something scummy that pendragon did 8-9 years ago even though he has n't been associated to the game publicly in years , he has apparently been an embellished hr director for years lol . 
  after seeing the wicked + the divine featured here , i totally want a graphic novel series based on league made by gillen and mckelvie . 
  gillen at least should have some knowledge of it since he was a games reviewer and founder of rock paper shotgun . 
  i totally agree , i recently gave it another go because of that hots 2.0 update coming out and because people keep saying `` oh the game changed sooo much since beta ! '', 
  ( spoilers : it did n't ) , and the objectives maps are sooo boring . 
  the overall game lacks any actual player agency since blizz tells you every single time what you should be doing , imagine if dota/league pinged you a million times when a neutral objective spawns or when it was time to do roshan/nashor . 
  and the objectives are extremely similar , they do n't actually change the gameplay as objectives in dota and league can , there 's 2 flavors of hots objectives , they either attack directly enemy structures or they reinforce your creep wave to help you push . 
  i honestly just play their arena mode since it 's way more fun and a better way to try out different heroes . 
  since this is a `` jesus is hots doing that bad ? 
  '' , they also [ announced buying out 3 ex-league pros to stream hots for 3 weeks `` for charity '' ] ( http://us.battle.net/heroes/en/blog/20719809/tryhard-for-good-4-20-2017 ), 
  bengi was not overrated , bengi worked very well in specific compositions and strategies that skt wanted to implement . 
  this relegation just shows yet again that team structure matters a lot in the korean scene and you ca n't just buy a bunch of korean players mix them with chinese players and have a successful team . 
  i never said bengi did n't dip in performance in the last couple of years , but op said `` was always overrated . '', 
  which is a lie . 
  well that 's a really nice clickbait title there op . 
  it appears giants and their sponsors are mostly interested in the spanish market , which with the lcs being in germany does n't really do much for them . 
  the actual q&a :, 
   shafi : economically speaking , is it a hard hit for the club infrastructure to descend from the lcs ? 
   jos\u00e9 : not for us . 
  for example , in europe we differ a lot from the united states , which is such a big country that all the brands that invest money in the esports , whether they are sponsors in a competition or investors in clubs , they focus on a single competition , in a single country . 
  however , the economic resources that we have from our sponsors come from spain , is focused on the spanish market , so those resources are not really given to me for the lcs , to them what happens in germany is off their interest because their sales are in spain . 
   economically speaking , for giants the lcs was a fairly significant burden , because we were losing money in the lcs . 
  the salaries of the players were very high , the staff , the gaming house ... etc. 
  and the subsidy provided by riot does not cover these salaries at all . 
   at a sporting , competitive or reputational level , there is an important loss . 
  it is a differential factor , we were in the international scene , among the top ten teams and in this case , yes , that is a major loss . 
  the audio-logs in the original bioshock are a great example of engaging world building that was n't given directly to you with cutscenes , this was because you were able to listen to them while walking around the different zones and explore the ambient details in the game at the same time . 
  there 's no way to know actual population , only the ranked numbers and hope that the percentage of ranked players and unranked are similar in all regions . 
  still , even if you just ignore the existence of the eu-e & n server and just count the eu-w server , right now according to op.gg , na has 1,260,286 ranked players while eu-w has 2,952,381 . 
  [ ta daaaa !, 
  ] ( http://www.miami.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/02/richardlewis.jpg ), 
  honest question , what stops an org from getting a bunch of players with great personality or image and pretty much use them for streamming under their org and do other sponsorship deals ? 
  they ca n't be relegated , it does n't matter that they have 5 shit tier players and are at the bottom of the lcs , they still get the exposure of being in it and the money from the franchise . 
  just make them play weird cheese comps every single match , like a shitty version of uol , people love seeing weird picks in lcs and riot ca n't fine teams for playing unconventional strats . 
  i would previously argue that this is not true since tencent is much much bigger than their operations in gaming and previously said they like to stay out of their western affiliations since in the past , meddling of chinese companies in markets they do n't fully understand always ends up bad ... 
  butttttttttttt ... they were the ones forcing riot 's hand into creating new revenue streams , skins for prizepools , increased salaries , etc ( this includes franchising ) , after the shitshow of the orgs vs riot from last year . 
  easier way to put it :, 
  - na is 1 country ( and canada , but people just forget them ), 
  - eu is multiple countries , and most do n't see representation in the lcs , an open relegation tournament is the only way these smaller communities have to ever get into the big league . 
  also , if they do put slots for sale no current lcs org will be able to compete with football teams , so unless they merge with football clubs ( i.e. 
  `` the manchester city fnatics '' ) , all the current eu orgs will die . 
  riot loves to do overly extended videos to hype up matches , but ogn are still the kings of subtlety when it comes to setting up narratives and rivalries in incredibly well produced 2-3 minutes long intro videos, 
  i have a question , someone kinda spoiled the ending and the big mystery of the game for me , is it still worth playing just for the `` journey '' and acting , or is the game really just about the twist ending and mystery ? 
  wolf among us was great mostly thanks to the voice actors and for being based on a pretty amazing source , kinda wish they explored the fables lore a bit more , but i understood they were limited by it being a prequel to the graphic novel . 
  to be fair his q animation ( you see the bar above his abilities ) and start of the silence ( cc bar under nasus hp ) happened way before nasus used his e , as you can see by the drop in mana when the silence was already almost half-way through it 's duration . 
  i like the special abilities that seem to be mostly movement based , it could help create different playstyles , but i agree with the guy in the video that they overshoot with abilities having a way too active role in the combat , specially their ability to mitigate damage ( aka cockblock skilled adversaries ) .
