  more or less , it 's an upgrade to the flash summoner spell you can have if you pick a specific rune/mastery , when they rework the system . 
  whenever flash in on cooldown you can use this channeled blink ability , it has a 20 seconds cooldown , and it goes on a 10 second cooldown every time you are in battle , so it 's pretty much useless for laners . 
  their idea is that junglers with low mobility will use this to help them navigate the jungle more . 
  but :, 
  - you can only use it after you blew your flash, 
  - it 's a shit engage because it 's a flash with a channel time , so they will see you and just walk away, 
  - the blast plants already allow low mobility junglers to navigate the jungle better . 
  so most junglers will pick options that give them more damage/utility . 
  overall it 's a shit ability . 
  yup , it seems it uses the same system as vi 's dash and xerath/varus 's poke , the distance traveled increases as a circle around the champion 's model , this seems to mean you can `` change '' direction mid channeling, 
  in theory it would allow almost any champion to have the same engage that rek ` sai does thanks to her tunnels , in practice , rek ` sai tunnels allow her to go through way more walls than flash . 
  yes , i remember when she was teased they announced her has the queen of her species . 
  edit : from the wikia `` occupation : xer ` sai queen '', 
  if the olympics are that desperate for young viewers they should just sponsor a side-event that could happen simultaneously to the olypics but not be part of it . 
  cross-promotion and shit . 
  yeah , they must be dying from all that [ shame ] ( https://media.giphy.com/media/94eqmvhkvenck/giphy.gif ), 
  i actually thought about that since it 's now possible thanks to kayn , but i doubt riot would want to give such a powerful ability for free in a summoner . 
  they could put it on an item , that would be cool . 
  to be fair they are keystones , they are supposed to have a huge impact in combat , that 's their point . 
  also in theory people would be able to see your have the enhanced range flash , like you can see if someone has thunderlords . 
  like i said to another person , i doubt they would want to give such a mobility for free in a summoner 's , its pretty much a million times better than flash and ghost if well utilized . 
  on the other hand , something like phase - `` user becomes invisible for x seconds gains small speed boost when coming out '' would be pretty fucking cool , specially for junglers and roaming midlaners . 
  at this point i would gild a post if they were able to breach the 50 % upvote barrier if they just mention dota in the title or post body . 
  it 's like they have an allergic reaction to anyone just trying to discuss something related to dota . 
  it can be camouflage instead of pure invisibility , like twitch/eve . 
  like ? 
  as far as i know tencent is always very hands-off with western studios they own/partly own , at least that 's how it works with riot games and supercell . 
  i do n't know anything about fortnite aside from reading that it 's microtransaction system is garbage . 
  honestly you ca n't even say it looks like a lol champion because there 's no artistic guideline in league for their champions , many do n't look like they belong in the same world , at least dota 2 heroes keep some artistic consistency, 
  maybe because of the new hero ? 
  still makes no sense ... 
  dude do n't be misleading , that list is no where near complete, 
  basic form [ has 10 minutes of special interactions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3ny4pidu4w0&amp;t=2s ), 
  shadow warrior [ form has 7 minutes of special interactions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh1npdtpy4k ), 
  darkin form [ has 9 minutes of special interactions ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucw8rl_0nbe ), 
  and these videos do n't show all the normal grunts/movement sounds . 
  you can argue if riot new champions bring anything new to the game or not , me personally do n't think the last 4 : camille , duo bird people , kayn ; were needed since they bring no real new mechanics . 
  but you really ca n't criticize their production quality . 
  well , we know how much championship zed made last year , since 25 % of it went to the worlds prizepool , the final fan contribution was a little over 5 million , so during the month that championship zed was on sale riot made 20 million on that skin ( and it 's a pretty shitty skin in my opinion ) . 
  the prize pool also increased with the sale of a ward but i doubt it sold that much . 
  / r/technology is literally a cult to the man , there 's always at least one daily news related to him in their frontpage . 
  rito showing a clear favoritism towards ekko players that are used to those time shenanigans !, 
  on topic : still waiting to see the improvements in the new client ... 
  that moment when dota tl is about to qualify to ti 's final , while lol tl ... is lol tl like always . 
  yup yup , no doublelift to save them this time , they got 2 weeks ago dardoch , the toxic jungler and mickey , a bottom tier korean midlaner . 
  apparently it did nothing because they just lost to phoenix1 and are now in the losers bracket , they might actually get relegated lul , which is meaningless because of the franchise , if they get relegated they have to pay an extra 3 million to get in , fingers crossed that they win ti so that steve can afford it . 
  [ almost 1h50m ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eizgxt--ig4 ) sorry, 
  a more interesting stat :, 
  - in 2016 there was 20 skins priced at 750rp, 
  - in 2017 there was ... 2 skins priced at 750rp, 
   while dota players get a much smaller base salary but more winnings . 
  that 's not true if you are a tier 1 player or chinese . 
  only tier 2 and tier 3 teams get smaller salaries than what you could consider their equivalent in league . 
  i think he means in the main opening ceremony , league fest was a side event , anyway [ they did it in 2013 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=po5p7-lxzte ) , with bonus the crystal method and weird guitar dude that apparently is the guitarist for limp biskit, 
  a small aside : riot seems to have a [ small ] ( https://youtu.be/ogovt9osp1c?t=24s ) [ fetish ] ( https://youtu.be/9bzg71hsl0a?t=2m28s ) [ with drums ] ( https://youtu.be/3j6uwwrgx1s?t=9m57s ) in their opening ceremonies, 
  and people bitch about players changing teams after ti , dardoch in 8 months went from tl -  immortals -  clg -  back to tl, 
  only the promotion tournaments though , i 'm pretty sure riot always avoids having the lcs during ti 's week , last year they even delayed the challenger promotion tournament and there was no league at all that week . 
   edit : as always , the best part is always the post-win cringe . 
  that was an all new level of awkward , the guys are obviously still zoned out and probably very tired , just give them the award , let them say a couple of words if they want and let them go to their room and take in the result , put the analysts up to discuss the overall final , and then you can have some sort of open interview with fans around them outside . 
  do n't follow the kids and push microphones in their face every single second , and much less force them to do stuff they were obviously not confortable doing ... i do n't think they were even allowed to sit down after they won they kept moving them from room to room . 
  but ti is the exact opposite of a sporting event championship , that 's it 's entire point , just look at all the weird segments they had during the event , specially when compared to other esports , like [ league that tries to be as professional and clean ^ ^ and ^ ^ boring as possible ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v8fbgyxcpea ) . 
  i was expecting them to pull a couch in the stage and start a weird talk show segment with them and slacks , it would be better than the champagne thing < _ <, 
  it seems i was wrong , last year the final of ti was on the same day that the summer playoffs started , there was a cloud 9 vs team envyus match 2 hours before ti started . 
  do n't forget that steve started his career in esports with the curse lol team , and he 's now the co-owner of liquid after they merged , that 's why you still have tl invest so much into league even though tl was well known for other titles before merging . 
  iirc they invested a bunch of money to enter the lpl , lost , got relegated and dropped in to the challenger division of lpl , invested more money to get back to the first division , and lost and got relegated to a regional sub-division . 
  you try being a shoutcaster in eu lcs , i honestly feel sorry for quickshot sometimes , the previous game was 40 minutes long with only 15 kills ( 5 of which probably happened in the last minute before they pushed for the win ) . 
  the item in question is broken right now , someone posted last week that a janna with her shield maxed and with ardent censor gives 4500 gold in stats to the person she shields , it 's another `` our players are too dumb to use actives so lets throw a bunch of passives into it and make it op '' item that riot loves to make, 
  it gives to the owner :, 
  - stats : cdr ; mana regeneration ; ability power, 
  - bonus movement speed, 
  - 10 % increased on shields and heals, 
  if you shield an ally it gives them :, 
  - attack speed, 
  - on-hit damage, 
  - on-hit heals, 
  all of this shit for 2k gold , it 's one of the cheapest things you can buy , and there 's no strategy behind it . 
  are you fighting ? 
  shield an ally and give him 4500 gold worth of stats . 
  eu is the second biggest region , people need to stop denying that eu lcs has shit viewership , because it 's only got worse in the last 2 years and there 's no sign of riot trying anything to improve it . 
  i mean vietnam which is a small wildcard region gets 1/4 of the viewership that the [ spring split finals for eu lcs got ] ( https://i.imgur.com/99zouo0.jpg ) , do n't you think that 's ridiculous ? 
  daily : go to / r/summonerschool they are better at helping new players, 
  this is a thread about viewership not performance , when i say wildcard region is because it is n't one of the main regions which are vastly more developed in their broadcasting and have more money . 
  are you seriously telling me that it 's ok for an eu final to have only 400k viewers when it 's has the second biggest playerbase of all servers ? 
  that stat is meaningless , when it counts every single region during the entire year , since there 's many occurrences where the match in question is n't important for the results so the teams `` troll '' , case in point :, 
  [ the roccat vs misfits match ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/6t9dpj/team_roccat_vs_misfits_eu_lcs_2017_summer_week_10/ ) from yesterday which had a ton of `` off-meta '' picks and players trading roles , most of those champions would never be picked in a serious match , which is honestly sad . 
  and you think it 's ok for eu and na lcs to both have anywhere close viewership when eu has more than double the playerbase ? 
  more if you count the eune server ( which probably has player overlap with euw ) . 
  the reality is that the vast vast majority of eu players do n't give a shit about the eu lcs . 
  i agree that the pacing was a bit bad , it was definitely my biggest critique when i first saw it , even the first one the part i disliked the most was when the plot just stopped in the celestial head while they waited for the collector to receive them ( even though it had the `` do you think i wanted to be experimented '' moment with rocket which i love ) , on second viewing the pacing of vol .2 gets a bit better imo , they do push some jokes for way too long sometimes , like groot having to get the fin scene . 
  just a tip , use [ spoiler text here ] * ( #spoiler ) to make it a spoiler tag ( remove the * in the middle though ), 
  i personally think it was a mistake to make him a celestial ( unless celestials mean something else in the mcu ) , because that groups him with other characters in terms of power and backstory , he should have just been a cosmic entity like in the comics , who came to sentience alone in space with no idea of why he was created , at least that would justify his eternal search for purpose and meaning , and upon seeing how biological life 's purpose is to reproduce he decided that his purpose would be the same . 
  ego was a good villain for peter 's personal story , but not much beyond that . 
  that 's not the point of my argument , eu lcs should be having vastly more viewers simply because it has more players . 
  i agree , i kinda disliked drax ( specially since i love him the the comics ) , some of his jokes were really unnecessary and more annoying than anything else like the `` she just told everyone your deepest darkest secret '' into laughing non-stop scene , but then that scene with mantis where he was talking about his daughter and mantis sensed his inner feelings and sadness while he gave a small smile was probably one of the best personal scenes in the the mcu . 
  you already had the rumour of 4 teams trying to get into the na lcs , 2 of them being the current top 2 teams and the other 2 being na orgs that have eu teams so it makes sense for them to move if possible . 
  from a player standpoint the na franchise might result in a talent drain like it happened with korea and china 3 years ago . 
  na has higher salaries and better benefits thanks to the players union , why should n't the top european talent try to follow bjergsen footsteps ? 
  the point is , at the current state , there 's almost no benefits for teams to operate in eu , and for players to not try and get into na squads , specially now that they will have to fill 2 teams , creating a european talent drain and making the eu region worse . 
  i think the real issue that stops league from being more diverse in pro-play is how important lanning and early game is in pro-play , something that many of the analysts were actually criticizing the current dota meta but it still did n't stop picks from happening . 
  in league if you play a champion that is very weak early and needs farm/levels to be a monster or a champion that really needs to snowball his lane before the enemy scales , the enemy team in pro-play will exploit that and fuck you and you are pretty much useless , there 's nothing a champion in either of these cases can do from behind because of how items work in league , as in they mostly work by directly increasing the power of a champions kit .
