  no , but kkoma has a top 3 players in the world in every position . 
  hmm , do you understand how much thrash talk would be generated if a region went 18-0 in the group stage ? 
  or anything close to that ? 
  people will still support their region teams because all matches are still `` my region '' vs `` the other guys '' . 
  people are already criticizing some re shoots and changes he 's doing to justice league , if the movie sucks i 'm pretty sure they will put the blame on him because he did n't follow snyder 's `` vision '', 
  it 's literally just a new form of stress balls that have existed for decades , not sure why these ones in particular became a meme . 
  they are not supposed to `` cure '' anything , it 's just an alternative to more harmful or annoying ticks that you might do when nervous/stressed , like biting your fingernails/pencils or making noise with your feet/hands , etc. 
  well , i guess their logic is `` at least they are n't selling heroes as dlc '' , which they could never do anyways become they insist that overwatch is an `` change heroes and adapt strategy '' mid-game, 
  even with not a single line her acting in jw2 was still so stilted that i laughed at times . 
  she did her fight choreography pretty well though , i 'll give her that, 
  overall is this doctor worth watching or should i just wait for moffat to leave ? 
  i just could n't get into the first season of this doctor , is there any good entry point ? 
  torchlight 's steampunk aesthetic was awesome , it 's kinda sad that runic 's new game looks so generic visually . 
  never played dawngate , it was shutdown before i even knew it existed , but from what i saw it looks a lot like torchlight , both have that fantasy `` ancient runes '' aesthetic architecture . 
  hob on the other hand looks like a poor man 's zelda right now :\\ i understand that not all small studios can be super giant games or moon studios , but creating an unique aesthetic helps a lot noticing your game in a sea of indie flicks nowadays . 
  mate , [ link the original thread ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/6jb5go/how_are_people_getting_permanent_banned_for/ ) so that people can actually get some context . 
  i agree it 's fucking retarded that someone intentionally feeding has a smaller punishment than someone saying bad words , at least toxicity can be avoided by just muting them , but well riot are the `` kings of player behavior '' , they know best . 
  i honestly do n't understand how riot can honestly justify permabans for toxicity , instead of months long chat restricted/banned , i guess welcome to the nonsensical american judicial system where reform is an afterthought . 
  you could at least screenshot the entire op , since the context behind tarzaned 's ban is important , since it was n't his first ban , yet this time they were way softer on him for some reason . 
  well asking if x game is worth playing in x 's exclusive subreddit might not result in the most unbiased and logical answers . 
  it 's not like you ca n't just download the game again and play it for a couple of days , if you still do n't like it uninstall again , there 's literally no entry-barrier , specially since you already have a leveled account . 
  but the context shows that riot also prefers having feeders playing their game than flamers , which apparently the league community agrees with as well , for some retarded reason . 
  she would be incredibly strong if they made her richochet right now a toggle if it maintained the current crit mechanic , pretty much get essence reaver and crit and you could non-stop aoe crit in teamfights . 
  but i do n't think that would change much , she 's pretty mediocre right now , seriously after so many nerfs her ult is pretty garbage , compare the speed boost given by kled 's ult ( which also does way more things : gives him a shield , deals % health damage ) and you see how depressing sivir ult is right now . 
  riot has been pushing their anti-toxicity agenda way harder than dealing with feeders for years , pretty much since lyte started working in their player behavior department . 
  i think the real issue right now was the removal of the tribunal , at least not implementing the peer judgment review of that system into the current one , right now everybody knows that most punishments are done by riot 's automated system and creates the same frustration that people have when they call a help center and receive automated responses . 
  it 's not a matter of being efficient or not , that 's the biggest issue with big tech companies trying to make stuff like this as efficient as possible . 
  it 's about the user experience and how people interact with the current punishment system . 
  i would honestly like to see riot 's data so we could tell if people are being reformed ( as in , have less offenses ) after being punished with the the old system or with the current automated system . 
  but unfortunately that 's all private information so all we can do is speculate about it . 
  edit : but i do think the new honor system does provide an incentive for better behavior and a possible reform , as a positive reinforcement , which did n't exist in league in the past since the old honor system did n't work . 
  wait are we talking about how great john wick is ? 
  ignoring the fact that performance based mmr is the stupidest idea ever for competitive . 
  is there any other character besides mercy that can abuse this system so much ? 
  i think the worst part is that it apparently goes against overwatch 's developing design philosophy , they pushed the narrative of a cooperative multiplayer game where the actions of a single player could n't be more important than the team working together , yet their competitive ladder is based on individual performances lol . 
  seriously blizzard are the most game design bipolar devs out there . 
  i think it was meant has a balancing mechanic , but having your ult % deplete if you change characters kinda fucks with the idea of constantly changing to adapt to new necessities . 
  it 's just a bunch of bad design decisions , but hey it 's popular so they did something right ^ i.e ^ it 's ^ a ^ blizzard ^ game ^ with ^ pixar ^ characters . 
  sidenote : i think ult % is such a stupid idea to generalize to all characters , for some it can be justified but linking the access to the ult to activity ( dps/heal etc ) means the devs ca n't really know how long it takes to for someone to have access to it , and it must be a horrible thing to balance , imagine in dota and league if all character 's ults can have a timer between 30 or 120 seconds , how da fuck do you balance that ? 
  damn , that song just gave me the biggest nostalgia trip of being drunk in a shitty dive bar at 4 a.m. 
  damn , and that 's without any possible technical delays , that 's some shit ass planning , they completely fuck european viewers as well , why is it starting at 6pm ? 
  it 's fucking sunday , start at 2pm or earlier if you want to give europeans and 50 % of americans a chance . 
  btw does contenders even matter ? 
  it 's not like they get slots into the owleague . 
  sidenote : is today the national `` oh shit competitive overwatch is burning '' - day ? 
  so ... are people now just trying to witch hunt streamers in hopes they can get someone banned and collect all that sweet sweet karma because they said something `` bad '' outside of the game ? 
  `` complex '' is debatable since we still have no idea what most of his abilities are , overall it the ones we saw are pretty standard and the only `` different '' thing is that you attack enemies to collect blue or red orbs that allows you to change between 2 forms , it 's not really that complex . 
  qtpie is super chill , he trolls his viewers a ton but he said many times before including in his podcast with scarra that he thinks dota 2 is more complex than league . 
  some say hashinshin is still blaming dom for his yoloq games even though dom is on the other side of the planet . 
  i 'll repeat what i 've been saying for months , yasuo 's wall just has 2 issues that could be easily resolved to make it a more balanced and less frustrating skill :, 
  make the wall appear infront of him instead of coming from inside his model, 
  make the wall only block from one side , which would stop yasuo from just dancing inside the wall to negate damage from both sides . 
  if balancing a single skill to make it less frustrating puts a champion in the dumpster maybe he really needs to be reworked do n't you think . 
  the reality is that yasuo suffers the azir syndrome , he came out too overloaded , and they slowly had to gut him . 
  they have to rework his passive to something better , in my opinion . 
  well , this is an incredibly subjective topic , but if you enjoy it good for you mate , but i honestly ca n't handle the `` hype-man '' - type casting from most lcs casters anymore , trying to overhype every single stupid play and kill made by both teams makes everything feel extremely fake and obnoxious , i think many lcs caster feel the need to fill the air trying to give useless stats ( i.e. 
  `` did you know trick has 60 % participation in g2 's first bloods ? 
  unbelievable !, 
  '' ... no quickshot , he 's the fucking jungler aka the main roamer , of course he has such an high participation on g2 's first bloods ... ) or talking randomly about macro strategies , they are allowed to talk about random shit if nothing important is happening , rip doa 's random geek facts . 
  i tend to appreciate way more the deadpan attitude from some casters , like the korean squad and deficio mostly , when they know nothing important is actually happening or there was n't a big outplay just a stupid mistake made by a player , i much prefer deficio saying `` well , nothing to see here , rekkles was just stupid '' than `` did you see how perkz just flash and annie ulted rekkles who was in flash range ? 
  that was an unbelievable outplay ! '', 
  not really when the biggest wall stopping people from switching is that most are casual players and their friends are all playing league , so they also play league . 
  like i said , it 's personal taste , if people enjoy them good for them , to me it reaches a point when it 's pretty much just white noise . 
  different people different preferences . 
  it gives more personality to the caster than `` hur hur i do puns i 'm funny '', 
  he looks like the personification of the term `` edgelord '', 
  well , to be fair the little they do to close that gap is with the champion reworks , but right now it 's like 1 new champion for every new rework , which means you still have like 40-50 that really ca n't compete in terms of new interactions and play opportunities . 
  new champions and reworks seem to always jump straight up to s-tier and a + tier , case in point galio and the new couple became standard in competitive the moment they were enabled . 
  ... why did you actually tag him ? 
  going by my -10 comment criticizing exactly that , apparently people there do enjoy the overhyped bullshit . 
  youtube money is going to shit right now , you either exploit as many `` tricks '' as possible to milk those views while you can , or you adapt your content and diversify to other platforms , which is incredibly difficult in league since every niche already has someone doing it . 
  i 'm not justifying his content , i unsubscribed months ago , but if youtube is your actual job you would do anything to keep it . 
  i think that 's an issue with one-trick pony content creators , there 's only so much annie / gp / master yi / heimerdinger etc you are able to watch before the gameplay gets repetitive and you just search for someone different . 
  sorry for the crushed hopes mate , also i doubt crystal dynamics will move away from their tomb raider cash cow to develop a new kain :\\, 
  there 's 2 other videos with just [ darkin form ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ucw8rl_0nbe ) and [ shadow form ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rh1npdtpy4k ) interactions but they are unlisted apparently , someone posted them above . 
  so it 's technically 25-30 minutes of interactions which is the standard now . 
  i gave up trying to have any reasonable debate on that sub , same shit with discussing declining viewership , people blame the different streams/schedules and `` oh look when tsm plays they have 300k viewers !, 
  '' , yes ... that 's great for tsm and tsm 's sponsors , but how can 2 lower teams justify the investment when their matches have 20-30k viewers if they are lucky ? 
  the franchise will see orgs revenue be injected into the overall pool , it will probably still not be enough , and even then europe is still dying a slow and painful death . 
   but then a chineese team called lmq joined the na lcs , and forced riot 's hand . 
  ironically lmq was one of the cases i thought when i mentioned issues in lcs regions , since their demise was a huge clusterfuck of shady business practices from their chinese parent company . 
  also , fun fact : they were named after the owner 's mistress lol, 
   if riot would add a clause that tier 1 region teams can add tier 2 region talent without infringing of the import limit , you 'd see a lot more australian , and south american talent , maybe , not sure . 
  but that 's not the point , at this point they ca n't do that , because that 'd remove all the decent players in their native leagues , effectively killing them . 
  this can happen if they rework the limits for the future sister squads , honestly na just does n't have enough good and available players to fill 20 + squads of 5 players to play both in the lcs and the challenger scene , and since they will be forced to fill at least 10 players per org , the challenger squads could be use to foster that international talent . 
  but riot is too close minded to even consider that . 
   whether franchising will work , and whether league will grow drastically in size , those systematic issues will indeed linger , unless riot makes a choice . 
  either kills the tier 2 leagues and let talent flow easily into tier 1 regions . 
  or just let all the great players fester in the middle of nowhere . 
  i think franchising will help at minimizing viewership loss since people will always be able to see a certain team they support , and the player union in theory will serve has the organization preventing abuse to players ( yet to be seen though ) . 
  but league will not grow in any significant size anymore , if worlds was n't in china this year i think this would be the first year with a overall decrease in viewership at worlds . 
  that was written by a girl chronicling her first experiences with league , and with very little experience with videogames in general ( [ according to her ] ( https://leagueofloveblog.wordpress.com/about/ ) ) , not your standard league player ... 
  i love edgar wright and i would love for him to get as much money as possible with his movies , but with the amount of posts about baby driver in this sub in the last few days ( including his ama today ) i feel like i 'm being marketed towards < _ <, 
  i agree with you there 's a somewhat lack of content diversity in this sub , but it also irks me the wrong way that all this baby driver content might be native advertising , which is n't something new on reddit . 
  and i 'll repeat , i really hope edgar wright finally gets a commercial hit , he sure as fuck deserves it . 
  well , people in their competitive sub seem to be of 2 divisive opinions :, 
  - either the owleague will crash and burn because of blizzard suffocating the scene ;, 
  - or apparently once the owleague comes out there will be a huge burst of viewership that has never been reached in over a year of competitive overwatch and everyone that says otherwise are just `` haters '' because hating on ow is the cool thing nowadays . 
  i think once the league really comes out , it wo n't have the city based system right away and it will centralized in a single location for at least 1 season so they can deal with their broadcast issues ; the price to enter will be way lower than expected , 2m to 5m ( maybe ) , and it will probably get average viewership ( 50k ) for most games and 100k-150k if the match is between 2 well known teams . 
  there 's nothing inherently wrong with the owleague if blizzard were humble and said `` hey we want to do this thing , it 's pretty out there , it might not work , we will start small working with endemic orgs and industry specialist so that we can grow it slowly with our community , and it might get pretty big one day '' , nope , 5 months after release they came out with `` we are about to revolutionize esports , look we have serena williams and everything !,
