  people tend to stick to the same game if the other options are just similar and not extremely different . 
  i had a jhin build it as his first item today , i asked why he was trolling , he demolished his lane and pretty much 1v9 the game ... 
  there 's no source for that , so i guess someone just edited the wiki page and put rakan in , take everything from wikipedia with a grain of salt unless you can confirm it in the source . 
  yes he is , unfortunately it appears that some actors get their voices `` typecasted '' , the reason why nolan north uses the same voice in so many of his works is because producers just say `` we want the nathan drake voice '' , since they already pictured their character with that voice . 
  well that 's a matter of opinion , but i disagree with your idea of balance , and riot has been doing mostly what you want , they have for years been nerfing champions and right now the vast majority of champions are incredibly homogenized , that 's why you keep having 3 or 4 s-tier champions for each role . 
  you do n't have , for most part , champions that are incredibly good at specific things , they all do pretty much the same as 5 or 6 other champions , and the ones with the best numbers of those 5-6 are the ones that become s-tier . 
  but the reason why you will never have something like dota 's balance philosophy is because riot ca n't make certain champions too oppressive or too weak into certain matchups , because people do n't own all champions to counter correctly . 
  obviously not every drake is as important , you ca n't argue that , just look at pro play and how many teams just ignore taking the first drake if it 's the cloud or ocean drake . 
  sure they all give buffs so they are good , but mountain and infernal are miles more important than the other two , a triple infernal will always be better than a triple ocean/cloud, 
  [ plat 4 right now ] ( https://euw.op.gg/summoner/username=the%20endless ), 
  someone said this before , but giving tenacity would be really good as well since there 's almost no item that gives tenacity nowadays . 
  people are salty about the non-existing viktourious viktor skin ^ ^ me ^ ^ included, 
   yeah but lnl is so mindless i could write an autohotkey script to get a perfect reload every time and it 'd probably be less than 20 lines of code . 
  if you 've played league , cassiopeia is the worst example of mechanical skill . 
  her power is gated entirely by mechanics , and thus scripters are able to capitalize on the mechanics and play her to great effect . 
  that 's not the kind of skill this game needs . 
  please keep the focus on strategy . 
  `` high mechanics are bad because people can make scripts for them '' ... wtf, 
   there is a substantial talent gap in games like league and dota, 
   que ?!?!, 
  i think he means that there 's a gap between the top 1 % of the players that can utilize to the max potential these mechanical skills and all the rest of the scrubs that ca n't . 
  he basically wants to remove mechanical skill from the game and be it all about game knowledge , so that shittier players can rise to the 1 % as well ... 
  slight sidenote : that channel `` today on the korean server '' does really great daily edits of korean pros in soloq with translations , in a similar way to the editors working for qtpie/scarra/dom etc. 
  like seriously if they want to keep doing this they have to have some standard for video/voice quality , i know scarra is moving but that mic is migraine-inducing . 
  but is n't that exactly the critique that most people have of blizzard 's most recent games ? 
  heartstone/hots/overwatch all have way lower skill floor and skill ceiling than similar titles , respectively mtg/dota/tf2 , it 's ironic that hots players hate the idea of one player being better and carrying the game , when most of blizzards titles are about homogenizing player skill so that everybody feels like they are good . 
  i honestly do n't expect this channel to be up for much longer , specially now when skt made a new contract with another chinese company for the exclusive rights over the skt players streams , riot owns the rights over videos and streams of the game , but this channel also shows the streamers faces and voices and that belongs to skt . 
  in a more logical world , skt would hire them to make official skt stream videos for their western audience . 
  and they had a ton of amazing players during those years , bjergsen , svenskeren , mithy , alex ich , freeze , exileh , even deficio lol . 
  i 'm pretty sure most of them do n't talk happily about their times on nip , those years were filled with mismanaged teams unfortunately, 
  wait he 's portuguese ? 
  i did n't actually expect talent to come out of here :p it seems his channel is growing exponentially , he got 10 million views last month , that 's crazy good numbers for a channel with 145k subs . 
  like i said , i hope he does n't get shutdown by skt . 
  mate none of those things are actually bad :\\ we are talking about 16 to 20 year olds , most with zero life experience that are putting their careers/education on hold to play a videogame professionally . 
  most do still need some sort of authoritarian figure so they can keep focus , the reason why there 's so much burned out of league players is because they have insane training regimens , so after having that shity life for a few years you need to help them readjust to `` normal life '' . 
  seriously jack is probably one of the best esport org owners working right now , he treats his players for all of his teams incredibly well . 
  franchising is mostly an american thing , it maximizes profits while removing pretty much all the risk from being in a competitive environment , it 's a perfect sales pitch , but horrible for viewers ( imo ) . 
  how so ? 
  the broadcast is being made by a private chinese company , the stream belongs to them , right ? 
  ok fair enough , [ but according to a thread from 1 week ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/63sips/from_tomorrow_skt1_will_begin_the_controversial/ ) , skt has a broadcasting contract with both twitch and the chinese streaming service douyu.com ( who is the one that actually produces the broadcast ) , twitch might side with skt on this , or they can just claim that the youtuber is using images that belong to douyu since it also streams there . 
  and [ skt also has youtube channels for all their players ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/60ln65/people_are_really_sleeping_on_the_skt_t1_youtube/ ) ( all smaller than today on the korean server channel ) , which include vods of their streams with eng subs , skt might be able to dmca the youtuber through that as well , they only need 3 correct claims for the channel to be shutdown . 
  i do n't want it to happen but skt has been shown not to be so understanding in the past of these things :\\, 
  have you seen pro-hots ? 
  it 's incredibly anti-climatic since it 's teamfights 24/7 , and they just slap eachother over and over again until someone drops enough to die . 
  if it was clips of just the game , i 'm pretty sure it 's according to the wishes of the developer , that 's why you need authorization from riot/valve/blizzard to host an event for one of their games . 
  the issue with this channel , is showing clips of the players ( i.e. 
  reactions , voices etc ) which are under contract with skt , and that probably includes their images for marketing reasons . 
  the players are under ndas so they ca n't talk about the details anymore for fear of being unable to play competitivly again . 
  cake is the player that brought out all the issues over a month ago , [ he wrote about the new ruling here ] ( http://www.twitlonger.com/show/n_1sppkj7 ), 
   | riot : `` we found no evidence that tainted minds was treated differently than any other organization would have been in the same position '', 
   they put 13 players in the database when the maximum is 10 by their own rule . 
  when asked about it riot tried to hide everything . 
  daniel ringland delayed the mediation meeting multiple times . 
  on the follow-up meeting with riot a few days before our last match , after telling daniel ringland our intentions to not play , he went to john mcrae and told him our intentions , and tainted minds started looking for new players . 
  i do not think that is within his task as a riot employee to go to his friend and reveal information said in a private environment . 
  that was kinda stupid since it was part of the deal with the investment firm , the house was probably already one of their assets , they did n't spend millions on a new house like many people think . 
  on a slight sidenote , do n't know why they changed their name , albus nox luna was so much better than m19, 
  i thought it was just a re-branding after the new investors and because they wanted to expand to more titles like dota and cs , my bad . 
  this is oceanic , they are lucky if they get minimum wage . 
  i saw this a couple of weeks ago , honestly it 's pretty interesting to watch even if you do n't agree with him , it 's mostly just basic balance stuff , explains the genre , how champions/items might interact with balance changes , skil floors and skill ceilings , how much impact winrates should have on balance etc ; and how riot structures their balance teams to deal with emerging issues and how they utilize player feedback . 
  the only interesting bit for me was ghostcrawler confirming that 90 % of the time riot does n't balance for lcs and high elo , his example for this is because the top 0.05 of the playerbase are able to notice minuscule balance changes that otherwise do n't affect the rest , like giving 0.5 extra health regen to a champion can have a huge impact in how high elo players play that champion or play against it , but in bronze to diamond + most wo n't notice . 
  so basically they balance with high-plat + diamond tier in mind . 
  from what i heard was n't seagull the only guy that was actually pulling a profit to his org and was mostly because of his stream ? 
  from a personal point of view it makes sense to go full streamer , he has an audience that he can focus on developing more instead of wasting time going pro and lose money with it . 
  [ imaqtpie makes 2 million a year ] ( http://www.rollingstone.com/culture/news/retired-pro-gamer-michael-imaqtpie-santana-earns-2-million-a-year-w473992 ) , which is as much as faker 's contract with skt . 
  i do n't know , it 's possible , faker does n't stream every day like qtpie since he 's still a pro but skt also has a streaming contract with a chinese streaming site much larger than twitch , they might make about the same , but faker also has his yearly salary + sponsorships . 
  i actually hate the rune system simply because of how boring it is . 
  yes they are expensive as fuck to buy all of them , but honestly you will be fine with just 1 standard ap/ad rune page . 
  but that 's my issue with it , the most efficient rune pages are the ones that you take with basic stats . 
  riot 's idea of `` plan before the game with runes '' does n't work when the plan does n't go beyond `` yup i need 9 armor runes if i 'm against an ad or 9 health + mr runes if i go against magic damage '' or `` i 'm an ad caster or more auto reliant so i should take aspeed runes ? '', 
  in my opinion they should just remove the rune system and give all it 's power to the mastery trees , since aside from the keystones , most of the stats boosts in the trees are minuscule or just very bland , because underwise it would be a nightmare to balance in conjunction with another system that you can manipulate . 
  if they want to keep a rune system , which according to riot it appears they do , they should rework it into having meaningful stats . 
  remove having to buy a ton of them , you now can pick 4 runes in a page , this has the benefit of being easier to balance each rune since people ca n't stack various numbers of them . 
  the mark rune increases offense ; seal rune increases defenses ; glyph increases utility ( heal increase/shield increase/tenacity ) , and the quintessences should be something more interesting like the keystones , like you are vs a poke mage , maybe use a quint that gives you a small magic shield every 30 seconds similar to galio . 
  cool video , but one of the stats shows what 's the issue with eu lcs meta . 
  how is it possible that xerxe , as a jungler , the player whose entire job is to roam the map , only has an average 2.52 kills + assists at 15 minutes , and he 's the highest of the league . 
  but that forces the ex-midlaner to only play champions with escapes , since it 's pretty hard for something like annie/veigar/viktor / cass/malz for example , to exist in a long lane . 
  i guess bot or top would have a ap bruiser or assassin to maintain some ap damage in the comps . 
  the most interesting bit of the possibility of having the duo mid is that it would allow the support to roam the entire map without putting in danger the adc ( lane is shorter and it 's easier for people to collapse and help the adc ) . 
  this would make the support have a much active role in the game than just be an adc-babysitter . 
   we 're not in fucking europe, 
  fair , but i 'm pretty sure that a big chunk of na 's viewership is european , since we are by far the second biggest region in terms of playerbase in the game . 
  the issue with the current league system with relegation is that if a team drops to the challenger scene they pretty much die since there 's no way for them to maintain that sponsors , because over and over again riot chooses to neglect their challenger scene . 
  i think there 's a place for relegation , but i also do n't agree that having relegations twice per year is fair for teams that invest in the scene . 
  i had to google which episode , it was on playtest from the new season , it was my favorite episode , perfect example of psychological horror in a sci-fi setting , it was directed by dan trachtenberg ( 10 cloverfield lane ) and the main actor is kurt russell 's son . 
  noah is too nice and that 's kinda bad for his org , after a somewhat successful first year in the scene with a really good rooster he lost his entire team ( still under contract ) because he allowed them to go seek other teams if they felt like it , including 2 top tier players in the game right now , reignover got a 700.000 $ contract to team liquid , and huni got offered a position on skt the 3 times world champions . 
  did you enjoy having to grind for years ? 
  that logic makes no sense , it 's the old `` hey my great great great grandfather did it so you will do it as well '' ... no , the experience of unlocking every champion was fine at the start when you had like 70-80 , now you are reaching 140 , it 's ridiculous to think people are actually starting to play this game now . 
  the worst part is that riot is forcing people to play a role they might not even own champions or runes for , resulting in people playing riven `` support '' ... or dodge . 
  235 played games of taric ... do you hate yourself ? 
  also was your duo partner playing adc ? 
  cause if he was and you guys were talking while playing that 's pretty much cheating since you would be way more coordinated than the enemy botlane because for some godforsaken reason there 's still no voice com in league . 
  dotamasterrace is starting to look like an aa group for people that have played league at some point in their lives . 
  yeah , cs : go also ca n't find source ^ ^ 2, 
  all normal play and ranked modes have different mmrs . 
  you can see an average mmr of the people you are playing with and against in op.gg , but it 's only an estimate because riot does n't want us to know our true mmr for some reason, 
  do n't know what the thread the other guy is talking , but ghostcrawler confirmed in his gdc talk that they balance mainly for plat + and diamond elo , [ this is the segment i think ] ( https://youtu.be/ii_q4ocohvu?t=22m8s ), 
  top laner : teemo ad bruiser botrk/frozen mallet with ignite , i still do n't understand why they removed quinn 's blind , but that fucking hamster is still allowed to have a point and click blind that denies auto-enhancers ... 
  a random act of wholesome ? 
  [ r/wholesomememes ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/wholesomememes/ ) is leaking,
