  even if they were in the correct order this would still be good for / r/crappydesign . 
  obligatory [ `` if you are new and want some help understanding the game better visit the summoner school subreddit '' . 
  ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/ ), 
  but to be fair you watch publicity in the side lanes during the entire match , and they are so ingrained in people 's mind that my friend justifies them being in the pes/fifa games as being `` realistic '' -_-, 
  zedd performs his crappy song , lights turn off , center stage we see j\u00f8rn lande cosplaying as jinx and agnete kj\u00f8lsrud cosplaying karthus and they perform lightbringer and get jinxed together :d, 
  i honestly have no hope for riot 's overall balance philosophy , they spent the last 3 years ( that i 've been playing , never experienced the game pre-season 3 ) over buffing and over nerfing champions instead of trying to actually balance them relative with the rest of the champion pool , honestly the multiple consecutive nerfs to kalista and rek ` sai shows how mindless they can be sometimes with their balance changes , kalista got her numbers nerfed and they even straight up removed certain aspects ( which i absolutely hate ) of her kit until she was dead , rek ` sai got only nerfs for over a year and she was still a top jungler, 
  seriously , has much as i hate the league vs dota discussion , league will never be balanced because people ca n't have access to the wider champion pool , this results in riot 's balance being focused on single champions instead of it 's relationship with other champions . 
  the only difference is their bigger `` role '' reworks , which 1 ) do n't even involve all champions in that role and 2 ) make no difference because they just revert to balancing them individually after the rework comes out . 
  and now we see how shitty this tournament system is , if worlds had a losers bracket skt vs rox would probably be the finals , yet thanks to the current system rox go home with 380.000 instead of possibly 760.000 , literally the double :\\, 
  i personally think it 's going to be another disappointing 3-0 stomp like it 's tradition , but maybe samsung will go full yoloq and try to cheese 3 games with pocketpicks . 
  i 'm the exact same situation , i uninstalled league like 8 times this season , i never hated this game so much as this season and honestly i think it 's because i stopped playing normal games . 
  my first years playing league i mostly played normals trying new champions and builds , whenever i went to ranked it was to play my best , following the most optimal builds from pros , paying attention to all the macro strategies that xyz youtuber talked about . 
  but this year i ignored normals and played 98 % ranked , including trying new stuff there , which resulted in me getting frustrated with myself , lashing out to my teammates which in itself resulted in more and more losses and more frustration . 
  last season with 200 games i went from gold to diamond , this season with 3 times that much i fluctuated between plat 1 and plat 4 over and over again :\\ , so note to self , try to have fun and relax with the game more often . 
  yes there is a [ new viewer alternative stream ( aka noob stream ) ] ( http://www.lolesports.com/en_us/articles/worlds-finals-alt-streams ) , have fun . 
  also why riot made 5v5 in ranked available only in specific timeframes during the dynamic queue catastrophe , and why the fun game modes are exclusive to the weekends . 
  both funnel players to queue at the same time and decrease your waiting time to be matched . 
  wow i would love for this bug to actually be a feature on the new client you could turn on o.o, 
  well , she can , but she 's very dependent on the rest of the laners , high range adcs can make her life miserable and she works better with high burst supports since her burst is also pretty good and they can quickly make it a 2v1 , also blitz combos great with her . 
  on the other hand , contrary to most other adcs she excels at splitpushing and joining her team before teamfights , so grouping after laning phase is over is a waste of her kit . 
  in lane it might be ok , the support matchup might be more important in this case , but a good lucian can still dps a quinn faster if he dodges the blind with e and goes the armorpen build , learned this the hard way < _ < . 
  and now we spiral into a existential black hole . 
  if you do eventually increase the overall ban to 10 in public games , do you think you should increase the ban phase time to accommodate the 4 new bans ( increasing the already long champion select phase ) or do you think the current ban phase time redistributed for 10 bans would be enough ? 
  i do n't really know how voice chat would work in europe , i 'm extremely self conscious about my ability to speak in english ( except when i 'm drunk ) and i guess many non-irish/british europeans feel the same , but it could be a neat option for those willing to speak . 
  really good effort , i do n't know why the mods do n't have a sticky in the front page with similar information for people wondering by wanting to know more about the game . 
  i hope you get enough upvotes to reach the frontpage fast . 
  edit : just noticed / u/topcyder is a mod :| why not sticky it ? 
  they have no soundproof glass , they are n't really `` booths '' in the sense of what the players actually need . 
  unless someone with more knowledge of physics can explain how a half-dome diminishes outside sound . 
  just noticed thanks !, 
  it really does n't call much attention to itself there :\\, 
  almost 6 a.m i fell asleep mid game 3 woke up with the comeback screams , so tired v_v, 
  she changed it from ryanne mohr which is much cooler in my opinion :\\, 
  her [ ama ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/3hs9ti/hi_im_froskurinn_lpl_expert_and_caster_ask_me/ ) from last year says ryanne , might be just a nickname though and i 'm wrong :|, 
  nevermind it 's was actually [ devin ryanne mohr ] ( http://team-dignitas.net/articles/news/league-of-legends/7513/raz-replaces-froskurinn-as-lol-eu-analyst ) , we are both right . 
  sidenote : this is reaching creepy levels of stalking , i apologize to froskurinn, 
  one of the guys from / allchat said imagine dragons and nicki were supposed to perform after the skt/ssg finals outside in the venue where they had the leaguefest event , but the games went way over the time that riot expected ( which is why there was only 1 player interview ) and l.a. has laws against music events in open venues after xx hours of the night . 
  i found the [ original comment by jimmy wong ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/5a4v6i/riot_production_dropped_the_ball_at_the_end/d9dtihr/ ), 
  i hate that they gave athenes such a shit amount of ap so it cost less and becomes a support tier item , even though mikails already exists and gives more mana . 
  even on midlaners that could use the passive like orianna and karma , having a 40ap item in your build feels like a waste of space after the 25-30 minutes mark . 
  league in general desperately needs more items right now , the issue is that champions need items primarily for scaling damage unlike dota 2 . 
  i think they should standardize items even more than they did during the mage reworks , all tier 3 ap items should have the same amount of ap and the only choice you have to do is what active/passive you think better suits the particular match or situation instead of being forced into getting morello and rylai 's every match because they straight up give more ap than the `` scaling '' mana/health items tear/roa . 
  south korean `` please do n't call me south korean `` skt '' telecom '' telecom t1 ? 
  what in your opinion would be the best option for the much needed international competition in league of legends ? 
  some ideas proposed so far involve :, 
  turning msi/all-stars into more competitive international tournaments ( like the majors in dota 2 ) ;, 
  scrapping the spring split for more open competitions ;, 
  or the more unlikely one , scrapping the entire lcs for a tournament based circuit . 
  do you think its even possible to reach a middle ground between the already existing regional tournaments like lcs/lck/lpl and more international tournaments with riot 's tight grasp on the pro-scene ? 
  while i personally do n't like the idea of capitalism at all , i understand why it might look like a good idea in america , the issue is that for capitalism to truly work in a `` fair '' way it needs the free market and competition , which really does n't exist when big companies can directly influence policies to reduce both in favor of themselves . 
  azir 's annoying lanning play pattern was mostly his poke with e+q+t hunderlords which could be resolved by giving is q an increasing mana cost or increased cooldown . 
  on the other hand mid-game you would still have the same old same old issue with riot of being unable to balance items and champions at the same time , in this case , how obnoxious the aoe slow from rylai 's is . 
  well when none of azir 's core builds involve building mana or mana regen ( aside from when 2xmorello was a thing ) of course he 's going to be mana gated , it 's almost the same logic that riot used against increasing lissandra 's and pre-rework veigar 's mana regen because of their passives . 
  the ultimate skins already have icon changes in the hub for the champion , not sure why riot did n't capitalized on customizing the rest of the hud or even your summoner 's profile , seems a pretty easy thing to do , maybe with the new client, 
  i absolutely loved inglourious basterds and his follow up with django unchained was a bit disappointing to me personally , but i was still entertained and it felt like a tarantino movie , hateful eight on the other hand just felt like a mess after the first hour or so though :\\, 
  one ironically called cinema snob , or at least he was a long time ago during the thatguywiththeglasses era , i used to enjoy is b-movie reviews . 
  i put off watching this movie just because of how creeped out i was with leos carax 's segment in tokyo !, 
  with the same character from holy motors < _ < i might have to give it try now, 
  is n't an oxymoron for montecristo to spend the last couple of years defending team macro-play , low risk medium reward strats with fewer kills like the true way to play league and now say that it was better when faker could 1v9 his way to worlds on assassins ? 
  why go back 3 years ? 
  last year we had the rise of hardcarry top laners going nuts on fiora and other carries , sure they could n't 1v9 like before but they were still the `` superstars '' of the matches . 
  true , sorry , i wanted to go with hypocrisy but it felt too strong, 
  these superstars tend to catch the attention of the enemy team which attempt to incapacitate them somehow , case in point , ronaldo in the euro cup finals , also happens with shaquille o\u2019neal and messi , [ 99 % invisible talks about it in their most recent episode ] ( http://99percentinvisible.org/episode/shift-redesigning-baseballs-defense/ ) , which is exactly what happens with faker with consecutive 3 or 4 man ganks mid and other forms of pressure . 
  damn it 's awesome seeing ruth negga in more stuff , i love her in the preacher tv show . 
  play teemo support , shrooms become death wards , you 're welcome friend , 
  yasuo is still pretty annoying regardless , he just keeps jumping everywhere like a kid with adhd , he should sit the fuck down , the top lane is for real men who look each other in the eye , trade a few blows and afk farm for 20 minutes waiting for a tp play !, 
  it 's a really really good documentary , i was constantly astounded by how much they allowed the team to film , it shows how nasty politics can really be on a personal level , to the point of making me feel kinda sorry for weiner and huma , even if he 's a huge dumbass and a fuckup . 
  if you enjoy this doc the showtime show `` the circus : inside the greatest political show on earth '' is somewhat similar , and their last episode was focused on the most human side of american politics with joe biden , highly recommend . 
  yes , it was mostly filmed during his nyc campaign . 
  at this point riot really needs to make a roster of 40 free champions or something similar , its a number small enough for new players to interact and experiment with while not getting too `` overwhelmed '' with choice , and they still have 93 champions to sell and on free rotation . 
  i tried hots when it came out because it looked fun but was put off pretty fast by the lack of champions i had access to , i ca n't even imagine someone trying to get into league nowadays ... 
  as his icon might inform you , it 's [ only on the oceanic server for now ] ( https://twitter.com/moobeat/status/796796555420372993?lang=en ), 
  jhin is mostly oppressive thanks to his armor pen build , maybe riot is waiting to see how the translation of arpen to lethality and change to arpen items affect his play before hitting him with the nerfhammer . 
  or they finally create a core pool of free champions for new players , like all the 450ip champions + a few 1350ip champions , or a pool of 20-30 champions that riot considers easier to learn for new players , i seriously doubt the purchase of low ip champions with money affects riot economy that much , but it definitely affects people trying to get into the game . 
  sidenote : this is also the reason they ca n't delete blind pick instead of draft pick , because you need 16 champions to play draft . 
  * edit : * also the champions needed for draft will increase to 20 when they implement 10 bans . 
  it appears flex ranked has already been nominated as the `` less serious ranked experience '' mode , from my personal experience . 
  i doubt many people would want to be hugged by daniel klein after reading his twitter though . 
  he reacts to everything he disagrees like the most stereotypical social justice warrior tumblr user , i do n't agree with people attacking him for having a transgender girlfriend but his reactions look infantile for a grown ass person . 
  on a different topic i also did n't like how he reacted to constructive criticism of how taliyah 's w worked , pretty much saying he was the developer so his opinion was more important . 
  just had a silver 2 teemo mid go vs a plat 2 viktor , teemo and his duo premade noc ( also silver 2 ) were both 0/4/0 by the 8th minute , fun times [    ] ( http://i.imgur.com/wniaryj.gif ), 
  with blizzard creating their own closed franchised league for overwatch where a spot ( according to scarra ) might involve an upfront investment of 2 ~ 6 million dollars , i wonder if the future of esports is traditional sports conglomerates with money acquiring already known esports brands ( like philadelphia 76ers did with dignitas ) and consolidate them , if this keeps going i doubt riot will want to franchise the lcs without first doing something like blizzard and do an open bidding to get the orgs with more money and widest reach for the closed spots , and if that happens there 's no way tsm/clg/fnatic can compete without some serious monetary backing . 
  anthony burch works for riot now btw in their lore division . 
  well he only makes references to franchising in the na context , i wonder if he will talk about the european context ( or other regions ) since the letter was co-signed by the european orgs , so we can justifiably argue against it in europe until big sports conglomerates like schalke 04 or psg come out in favor of such a system , if that happens and the community is still against it the only thing they , the fans , can do is boycott the lcs , which i doubt will happen . 
  damn did n't expect to randomly see simon and martina in this sub :o thanks for filming this !, 
  i love his videos but they are hardly editing masterpieces by today 's standards , i do think he takes a lot of time to carefully structure his reviews so they maintain some thematically coherence helping the viewer understand better his criticism and analysis , which is his strongest attribute . 
  the end credits uses regina spektor cover of the song as well , also , kubo was an emotional train wreck for me and that song did n't help < _ <, 
  does anyone actually know his op.gg ? 
  edit : ok this is [ his op.gg ] ( http://na.op.gg/summoner/username=adellaideskyhart ) , so he does n't buy sightstone , has a pretty shitty kda , while having a ton of farm for a support . 
  i do n't understand why people are defending him , `` he has a 53 % winrate '' it 's freaking low elo whether he wins or not its mostly a coin flip , meanwhile he 's queuing as support when he could be doing the same shit even better in the toplane or jungle . 
  which is a wasted opportunity , people loved schalke04 's scouting scrims stream , it also helps challenger players get more visibility before they get into a team . 
  they announced a bonus for solo players in flexq ( you get your roles and bonus ip ) i really hope that they do n't come back in a couple of weeks saying `` see you do n't need soloq , a ton of solo players are in flexq already '', 
  this was released around the same time as the curse of the sad mummy music video and the release of music of league of legends vol . 
  1 so it was kinda buried over all that hype , really well produced documentary , christian linke and the rest of the music team are awesome . 
  good bad flicks deserves more viewers , his exploring series is pretty great at recognising the effort that some directors and production team do even if the end result is a b-movie schlock . 
  next year he will release a 3 seconds teaser for the teaser for the compilation of trailers on facebook/twitter/instagram, 
  personally as someone that has it on auto-hide having it in the top makes it less likely to have it pop up over and over again during casual use . 
  when they changed event horizon ( e ) from instantaneous to have a delay i hated it because dark matter ( w ) relies on the enemy being stunned with ( e ) since it has a huge delay as well , the rework just made veigar feel clunky to play ( like a lot of riot 's nerfs ) . 
  in those first few weeks i argued it should do something similar to vik 's w , maybe just a small slow that would pull people to the center so you could combo with w but they could also flash away or use other abilities to avoid it . 
  i would straight up murder anyone if it helped riot acquire runic games so they could make a league action rpg , similar to their [ torchlight series ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hh_sgqrspzo ) .
