  ! ... i 'm on mobile dont know how to tag spoilers ) , its a fucking suicide mission they all know it , why was the communications officers such a little bitch about it ? 
  the girlfriend was also super bipolar `` fuck this we are all going to die ... oh but we ca n't kill him i randomly developed a moral code ! '', 
  but the real jump for me was the neo-religious burned monster , it felt so out of placed , the first time i saw the movie i thought it was a resident evil boss , i like him as a concept , i didnt like that he behaved like a mindless monsters after being on icarus 2 ( !!! spoilers !!! ), 
  i think purge is a pretty similar but nicer version of ls , his coaching sessions are really good . 
  if you mean promatch vod analysis i do n't know , it was actually what i was trying to find , but i guess between majors nobody is doing something like that :\\, 
  thanks i saw a bunch of different smaller dota subs but did n't know which one was the best for analysis/theories . 
  also , i know this is reddit but it 's still slightly creepy that you went to my comment section , i like dmr since ironically it 's probably the only place on reddit were you can get factual information comparing both games without ending up with comments with just `` x  y because i say so '' , well if you ignore archyes and most of his circlejerking puck friends . 
  because of 2 and 3 is why i thought there would be more videos made by the community , since it would be easier to create this sort of videos , in league pretty much only riot with their dev tools can do something like the videos i linked , or if someone spends way too much time trying to recreate the same with 3rd party software . 
  i said this before but i feel sorry for the coders hired in the last couple of years , can you imagine having to work with code that people with no knowledge of how to do it cobbled it together 9 years ago ? 
  that must be the most frustrating shit ever, 
  i think he was hired immediately after at dropbox ... which i do n't think is doing so well lately with better/cheaper alternatives by google and microsoft . 
  that guy has zero luck . 
  i think the main reason for this to be happening is that while most previous homing abilities ( lee 's resonanting strike , vi 's assault and battery , nocturne 's paranoia , etc ) allow you to follow through enemies blinks/dashes , the end location is always a certain position where the enemy was , this is why you can blink ( if well timed ) to dodge the damage of lee 's resonating strike since he has to be on top of you to deal the damage . 
  meanwhile warwick 's homing ability 's end position is actual behind the enemy 's end position , forcing him to follow them to the end . 
  also most previous homing abilities seemed to break after a certain distance , since vi/lee/noc ca n't actually follow a sion or a reksai if they go too far . 
  i think i have a different perspective from most people in this sub and from both the main league/dota subs , i think both games while somewhat similar , have defining design characteristics that seem small for people that do n't know much about dota/moba-type games but result in vastly different games , like the simple existence/removal of turnrates results in completely different mechanics and design choices that evolved in both games . 
  from a design standpoint i would could easily argue that dota 2 is vastly superior since it 's devs seem more conscious of their game 's mechanics and how they are used by the players . 
  in the end i still think both games can learn from each other , dota 's issue for me was always about approachability , and they started dealing with the issue with 7.00 which is why i gave it a try again , for example i thought the ui redesign was great even if r/dota2 hated it . 
  do n't know about his nda , but recently after riot released their new client on pbe some guy made a quick fix in like 2 days to add a bunch of features that people wanted including the ability to see the skins you own . 
  riot immediately made him shut it down ( as a `` mutual agreement '' ) because for it to work the users had to give the add-on access to the administrator side of the client which was against riot 's user agreement i think, 
  first off , i know i sounded extremely negative about the movie , but after watching it 3 times it grew on me because i saw more and more hints during the movie . 
  my issue with the captain of icarus i was that when he showed up sunshine went from being a sci-fi thriller to a weird slasher in space , and it gave me an horrible deja vu of jason x. 
  i like to think they were going for a lovecraftian cosmic-horror type of story , where the sun represented an unknown entity that forced the people close to hit to see their own insignificance on the scale of the universe , and that 's what i thought they were going with , but from icarus ii the only person that was going through this process was the psychologist , and when he realized it he sacrificed himself like the crew of icarus i. i wish that instead of becoming a slasher , i wish they made pinbacker `` convert '' the biologist/communications guy/girl pilot to this nihilist vision and they tried to dismantle and destroy icarus ii while captain america and scarecrow tried to save humanity . 
  obviously this idea has been proposed to riot many times before , and they did argue against it because people would be toxic and troll to do their individual missions . 
  they did implement a sort of `` missions '' when they released the now dead teambuilder queue , if you played 5 games of a specific role you would get that role 's icon . 
  since then only the smaller regions ( brazil and australia for example ) had `` missions '' , has in `` kill this many jungle camps '' , `` win this many games as this 10 champions '' and were all collaborative community missions , not individual missions . 
  so , i doubt they will ever implement missions similar to how valve does , they will probably restrict the missions to a special mode they will created for the event . 
  if you want to cringe at stuff like that just look for any dota/league/hots post in r/games , there a 90 % chance of a comment thread there saying something like `` as a 40 year old dad gamer with very little time i love hots short times and i love how blizzard modernized the genre by removing boring and outdated mechanics like items '', 
  it 's incredibly difficult to analyse viewerbase vs playerbase since riot does n't give access to concrete numbers , sure they might have 100 million monthly players , but how many of those are just chinese ? 
  how many are from eu or na ? 
  we do n't know ... you could accept those 100 million , but since you barely have any international tournaments ( aside from msi and worlds ) most of the viewership is contained in their respective region tournaments ( eu is watched mainly by europeans , china watched mostly by chinese , etc etc ) . 
  the only moment you could do something like that would be during worlds finals , which according to riot had 43 million unique viewers ( 14.7 peak concurrent viewers ) , so 43 % ( 14,7 % ) of the playerbase saw the finals ... which is fine , if you ignore a big chunk of people that probably do n't play the game but watched it because they were curious , like i did with cs : go 's finals ... all these numbers you should take with a big grain of salt . 
  but , as i was arguing about this right now with a friend . 
  at this very moment tsm and clg , the 2 oldest organizations in league are playing each other , this used to be a pretty big event 4-5 years ago with 400k ~ 500k viewers minimum , but right now they have more or less 200k viewers ( 136k twitch ; 60k yt ) , there has been a significant drop in viewers even though people will argue the contrary because `` more people are watching on youtube '' and `` it 's splitted between different streams !, 
  '' , these are all stupid excuses . 
  the reality is that :, 
  - people got bored of watching pro-league and just stopped watching ;, 
  - the ways riot balanced league in the last couple of years made the game more and more passive with less reliance on kills , resulting with those retarded 70 minute long matches with 5 kills ;, 
  - oversaturation : last year riot changed the lcs format to best of 3 , and now has 2 streams , while better for the players since they get more practice , as a viewer there 's only so much of the same picks and the same strats being played ad infinitum that you can take before you just stop giving a shit ;, 
  - pro-league has been dominated by koreans , right now something like 50 % of players in eu and na teams are korean , people do n't like that . 
  edit : also , league of legends sub lost 50 % of their monthly users in 1 year if you go see their traffic page, 
  it appears most subs ( even ama ) lost a bunch of viewers ... except the_donald and politics ( aka the_clinton ) i guess everyone got annoyed with all the us politics posts and left the website . 
  still league saw a way bigger decline than dota2 , cs : go and overwatch, 
  true , it 's also weird the spike in september , maybe it was the traffic originated from all the drama between the teams and riot , reddit loves their popcorn and drama . 
  also [ this image shows that the decline started in may ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ubur2s1.png ) , before that it was pretty stable . 
  btw monte was blacklisted by riot he was n't invited to do worlds , that 's why he was n't there . 
  which personally i do n't think it would make a difference since in september he said he had been training to move to overwatch for months by watching vods , as much as i love to shit on riot , monte was never a angel and he was playing his own cards by burning pretty much ever bridge he had in league and moving to overwatch . 
  [ the esportwiki ] ( http://lol.esportswikis.com/ ) collects all that data , you can go to each region and see pick/bans and every other information you want there, 
  example : [ na lcs champion stats ] ( http://lol.esportswikis.com/wiki/league_championship_series/north_america/2017_season/spring_season/statistics/champions ), 
   [ game 3 ] coming in 10-15min, 
  you liar ... 
  you are giving the new immortals squad too much credit mate, 
  thanks for the mini-vods btw !, 
  i think most developers of multiplayer competitive games will start using these `` fun '' game modes for specific special limited time events , pretty much every dev is doing it , even blizzard did them right from the start in overwatch . 
  it makes sense , financially you do n't need to use many new resources , sell a bunch of limited-time thematic skins and other cosmetics to cover the cost and make a nice profit , and it helps bring back people that stopped playing and/or give current players an alternative from the more stressing competitive mode , the fact that they are timed forces players to try them out in that specific time frame instead of thinking `` yeah it looks fun maybe i 'll try it when i feel like it '' , and it also reduces the feeling of boredom if the mode is not that good . 
  right now player retention is the most important thing for competitive multiplayer devs and fun game modes are just another way to do it . 
  i argued a couple of days ago in another thread that the 3rd act could have been more thematic with the rest of the movie as a sci-fi thriller instead of going the jason x , slasher in space !!, 
  ! , route . 
  i think they were going for a lovecraftian cosmic-horror type of story , where the sun represented an unknown entity that forced the people close to it 's magnitude while surrounded by the emptiness of space to see their own insignificance on the scale of the universe , and that 's what i thought they were going with , but from icarus ii the only person that was going through this process was the psychologist , and when he realized it he sacrificed himself like most of the crew of icarus i. i wish that instead of becoming a slasher , they made pinbacker slowly `` convert '' the biologist/communications guy/girl pilot ( all had previous context for this to happen ) to this nihilistic vision and they tried to dismantle and destroy icarus ii while captain america and scarecrow tried to save humanity . 
  the ending even makes this more apparent , they went through all that trouble and sacrifice to `` reboot '' the sun and in the end all the people at earth saw was a slightly sunnier day . 
   it 's odd how they 're not usually better at fps games though, 
  what are you talking about ? 
  they just do n't play western fps games , sudden attack is right now the 3rd most played game in pc bangs behind league and overwatch , and crossfire has been one of the most played games in china for years . 
  maybe get out of your western-centric bubble a bit . 
  25 kills full build level 18 graves , crits for 1600 damage thanks to ie vs a full glass cannon level 16 riven with no extra health and no extra armor ( aside from the 9 armor runes ) . 
  using stuff like this as an example for unbalance is the reason why `` reddit balance '' is a meme . 
  the only people bitching about overwatch 's esport are a very very very small community , most people are just fine watching potg after potg as you can see by their main sub . 
  blizzard is hoping that a future league will help maintain those players that right now give no shits about competitive esports , that 's why they are so slow with it , there 's no actual interest right now . 
  mate do n't be a noob , this is obviously riot 's new comeback mechanic , they said buybacks were too non-interactive so they developed a new innovative mini-game that allows the losing team to force the enemy team out of the game , allowing for the comeback to happen . 
  it 's kinda weird how i never heard of brendan valdes and in a couple of weeks he improved to the point of already being better than some eu and na lcs play-by-play casters . 
  and he was also better than rapidcasting right from the start ... 
  your questions are not really connected , what i meant by political viewpoints was the fact that she 's pretty liberal and anti-trump , which right now does n't give her many fans . 
  as far as i know she and a bunch of other content creators left tgwtg because it seems working with the walker brothers is awful ( less doug but more his brother which i ca n't recall his name ) , they were very controlling of the type and format of the content people should be doing , you can find more about it if you just google `` tgwtg drama '' . 
  hmm ... i do n't think i broke any of the rules o_o did i miss something ? 
  but it showed how ridiculous it was that the guy behind the brilliant behavior reform models of rito was just another scumbag , which apparently used the job as a power trip , that 's why i posted , but i can understand why it can be seen as offtopic since he left the company . 
  he went from `` oh that behavior psychologist that works on the tribunal ... neat '' to `` that fucker that made human interactions regulated by bots and forced that dynamicq bullshit on everyone '', 
  riotlyte was riot 's director of player behavior , he coordinated the team that dealt with punishing/reforming players , he got a lot of hate last year for implementing dynamicq while deleting soloq , and for saying that the training mode would generate toxic behavior on the players . 
  he left the company on a pretty negative note , and some people felt it was unjustified for him to get so much hate . 
  yesterday his fiance from 2 years ago made a bunch of tweets with screenshots accusing him of being abusive during their relationship to the point of she almost committing suicide , and saying that he saw himself as a god at riot manipulating all the players to his will . 
  there 's a bunch of other tweets you can look for it yourself , do n't know if i can repost them again :|, 
  [ the ex-fiance twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/jackiembutler ) , have fun ... the girl also has . . hmm issues , i see why both of them were engaged , psychologists love dating people with `` issues '' , i 've met a few ... 
  ironically , psychologists with issues ... to be more correct * psychology students * with issues . 
  riot knows this , that 's why they made a [ plushie of that skin ] ( https://euw.merch.riotgames.com/en/collectibles/plush/dino-gnar-plush.html/ ), 
  they could always hire studio mir , they already worked with riot , it 's a korean studio , their art is pretty good and consistent , they are used to fantasy settings and multiple locations and characters and special effects ... ^ ^ and ^ ^ they ^ ^ could ^ ^ hire ^ ^ dimartino ^ ^ and ^ ^ konietzko ^ ^ to ^ ^ help ^ ^ out , ^ ^ pls, 
  hey shakarez , you have more inside knowledge than most redditors , you think these partnerships are happening thanks to the general growth of esports ( as in all games ) or since these are mostly na partnerships do you think it 's the potential overwatch league pressuring teams to localize their orgs as soon as possible . 
  i think most people know the song mostly because of [ its music video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qqsyo_pc-qa ), 
  early 2000s euro dance music videos were ... fun, 
  what has bioware done recently besides locking content behind a paywall ? 
  i think the only thing that made me mad at bioware was the from ashes dlc since javik was obviously in the main story but they removed him and made him a dlc squadmate , which was an even bigger bullshit since they previously did lair of the shadow broker and after me3 made the leviathan dlc , both really good dlc missions , there was no reason to cut your players like that with javik . 
  i 'll be a partial devil 's advocate here :, 
  - first off i think it 's ridiculous that blizzard think they are at a position to implement something like this , even if you joined the audience for every blizzard and activision title they would still barely reach the big 3 's esports audience , and their titles are so different that i doubt it would even exist overlapping in that viewership . 
  but ... 
  - there is some logic for multiple-title organizations ( as in , organizations with teams in many different games ) to partnership with standard sport organizations . 
  traditional sports have knowledge in sponsorship and advertising , they have better infrastructure than most esport brands , and almost always have stadiums or venues for easier to implement fan events , meanwhile esports orgs bring an entire new demographic that is losing interest in traditional sports . 
  it 's a mutually beneficial relationship . 
  tl ; dr : i do think that in a future you could have city-based esport orgs , as long as they maintain teams in several different titles . 
  sidenote , yesterday i was skimming the `` other discussions '' tab after splyce announced a partnership with an nhl team , and i saw overwatch competitive sub talking about how the partnership was because their overwatch team ... splyce has teams in 9 or 10 games , and they were the number 1 eu team in league last year , they look so delusional sometimes . 
  yes , the esl president argued that hearthstone was also on par with league | dota | cs , but i still have my doubts about that , these specific 3 seem to be more stable and experiencing now a pretty good slow growth thanks to that stability , i do n't have enough knowledge about the hs 's scene to argue the same . 
  the movie it 's based on it 's actually pretty good , the `` dear white people '' is a segment that the main character does on her radio show , the movie does n't really pick a side it just shows different perspectives and how context is important , she 's called racist in the movie for doing that dear white people segment and it even criticizes the black community for being extremely homophobic . 
  like other people already said , the problem is that it unfortunately shares the title with that retarded mtv video .
