   gn : we usually call it an `` action rts '' , just because that seems to make a lot of sense to customers . 
  if you say that , they have a pretty good idea what you 're talking about . 
  i do n't even know what moba stands for . 
   ** multiplayer online battle arena . 
   ej : i knew that !, 
   gn : i did n't . 
   ek : but yeah , naming your genre , especially a young one , is just tool to kind of help explain to customers what kind of game you have . 
   gn : i also like the acronym for arts -- action rts . 
   ** that 's more charming , i think . 
   gn : i do n't think the name of the genre matters -- as long as customers know what you 're talking about . 
   ** no it does n't , but the rise of the genre matters , i think . 
   gn : yeah , and i think it 's great . 
  i mean , i personally am a fan of these kinds of games , so it 's great , as more people are trying out different ideas to move it forward . 
  the issue is not champions feeling worse and worse like op said , the issue is that if you keep nerfing champions they all became homogenized , and that 's definitely happening in league ,, 
  according to the mods in r/games you do n't get shadowbanned anymore ( not sure if it 's true ) , when i saw it on there they said it was probably delete comments by an auto bot . 
   2 mil ~ ~ players watching ~ ~ hours watched . 
  it 's viewing time , not users watching . 
  sorry , did n't want you to create the misconception that ow has 2 million viewers ... or 30 million active players ... or that 38 % of ow players watch pro-ow ... 
  [ i swear their competitive sub has no idea how to read stats tables ... ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/competitiveoverwatch/comments/6bll9u/stat_62_of_overwatch_players_dont_watch_ow_esports/dhno92l/ ), 
   ( 2 ) : league of legends balance is different than dota 's , it is much more delicate , gold redistribution coud be easily exploited , as character damage and power curve scales in a total different way than dota 's . 
  i 'm not pushing for a similar solution , but riot implementing some sort of aura buff ( like aram has ) that could be more appropriate and balanced to the league environment could be interesting . 
  the issue with a straight up 4v5 is that you feel you have even less control over the result of the match . 
  you ca n't make that sort of direct association with this study . 
  also it 's only 20 % of active players ( as in , played overwatch in the last 3 months ) also saw pro-overwatch in the last year . 
  honestly i ca n't really criticize riot 's business decision because well i 'm not the one making almost 2 billion a year . 
  but they could expand way more , earn more money and please their community and possible new clients if they just removed having to buy shit with ip , fuck buying champions , fuck buying runes and rune pages . 
  locking the clients access to skins ( the thing that gives riot the majority of their money ) behind them not owning a certain champion is straight up idiotic . 
  they already have 800 + skins in the game , produce 2-4 every 2 weeks , and are now also producing a bunch of chromas for those skins . 
  they have bi-weakly sales for skins that could easily make a person think `` wow that caitlyn skin is super cheap , i do n't play much of her but i might in the future and that way i already have a skin for her '' , instead people just ignore it since they do n't own the champion . 
  tl ; dr : riot is losing money by just not making every single champion free and inundating the loot box system with icons/chromas/banners / taunts and stuff like that , and allowing every costumer access to every cosmetic , it 's that fucking simple ... 
  i wanted to be realistic with this since stuff like that ca n't happen unless riot remakes their entire engine lol . 
  thanks for doing this ama !, 
  ** do you think the korean dominance over the past 4 years and apparently in the near future as well will result in the decline of interest and viewership in the western audience ? 
  apparently an animation studio most recently ... 
  `` riot games , we do everything but games ! '', 
  they acquired the rising thunder guys 14 months ago and so far they still have not released a single piece of news about it , maybe since riot loves to hire ex-blizzard people they want to compete to see who has the slowest development cycle . 
  edit : or they might be waiting for evo in july , to be fair . 
  apparently trying to discuss possible improvements to the game in that sub is a personal attack to most if the improvement comes from dota ... 
  how does my comment history affect the discussion of this post ? 
  i did n't distort any information pertaining either game , nor did i say that dota 's system was better , i just said that a similar countermeasure against dc 's would be interesting in league . 
  this sub is starting to get super defensive against any criticism of the game , holy ... i play league for 4 years and i only started playing dota more consistently since patch 7.00 , sorry if most people are able to take a step back , observe league in it 's current stats and objectively criticize issues with the game and riot . 
  that 's pretty much how dota works as well . 
  but riot will never implement that , their argument previously was that something like that can be exploited by having 3 or 4 teammates `` gang up '' on a single teammate and force him to leave the game allowing them to leave with no punishment after . 
  nobody would complain if there was a direct way to purchase the skins , the loot boxes are just gambling 101 to `` force '' people into purchasing more than they need to get what they want . 
  yes it 's a very scummy move , specially when your audience skews for the younger demographic , and they know exactly what they are doing . 
  selling the skins directly for money would have the same effect without all the manipulation bullshit that 's behind all these loot box systems . 
  but i guess sales trumps any ethics in gaming . 
  you want numbers to back up that you can sell skins directly for money instead of locking them behind loot boxes and still make a profit ? 
  most big multiplayer free-to-play games are doing just fine last time i checked . 
  how so ? 
  i 'm not arguing for blizz to remove loot boxes , just have an option that if someone wants a specific skin they can buy that skin for x$ instead of grinding loot boxes or spending money on the random chance of getting it . 
  valve 's cs : go/dota and riot 's lol all have loot systems but you can also buy anything that inside those boxes in the market place/store . 
  it would make it more dimensional and would allow some great mind games on the enemy . 
  maybe not a straight up active like op is saying , but you could make it more interesting :, 
   active : when activated the champion starts to channel the ga for 2 seconds , this channel can be disabled by any hard cc or interrupt ( receiving a reduced cooldown if interrupted ) , after the channel is completed if the champion receives lethal damage in the next 5 seconds he will revive with % health/mana , otherwise ga goes on a 300 second cooldown . 
  sidenote : i really just want more interesting actives in league ... 
   it 's crucial all players have access to all characters . 
  i 'm not sure how that would work in a f2p game . 
  dota 2 does fine by just selling skins and other cosmetics . 
  what most people are you talking about ? 
  almost every comparison i 've seen of both games is criticizing overwatch for oversimplying tf2 mechanics . 
  my argument is not against loot boxes not being the most profitable method , there 's a reason why they are being implemented every freaking where , by argument is how ethical it is to put a gambling system in your videogame and have it be the only way to purchase virtual goods . 
  i have no issue with it being just another form for the consumer to get what they want , but how it is implemented in overwatch it pigeon-holes consumers into an addictive gambling `` mini-game '' . 
  what ever riot gives the teams is meaningless , but they do have the highest salaries , which was confirmed in a dota 2 post a couple of months ago ( * i 'm trying to find it * ) , all the vc money being injected into the scene created a retarded hyper-inflation of player salaries which i doubt is sustainable , but right now a mid-tier lower-tier player in league earns more money than someone in the same position in dota 2 . 
  also , i would n't put much trust into what any of the current team owners say about their `` financial situations '' , most of it is them trying to manipulate the community to rally in favor of franchising ( congratz they are doing it ! ), 
  which is how they can get more money . 
  of course teams are losing money , thanks to the inflated as fuck salaries they are paying the players that i mentioned before , and because they are expanding a ton their orgs , ocelot in question has a second squad exclusively for the spanish league , sponsored by vodafone , poor little reggie from tsm is sooo poor , probably after spending a ton of cash moving that sports psychologists and is entire family from sweden to california and then dumping his ass after he was useless . 
  tl ; dr : in the end , riot is incompetent by not being able to monetize the lcs , and team orgs are manipulative scum that really only want ways to get more money , meanwhile players are riding the vc money wave before it crashes . 
  tristana is the * worse * adc version of ziggs , their job in the bot lane is the same , shove and demolish towers , but ziggs is way better than her at it . 
   `` sponsoring is one issue , but you will not get a couple of million from sponsors , at least not at the moment , '' mallant said . 
  `` merchandising is nice , but if you make a couple of hundred thousand that 's lucky . 
  the only way to get a healthy system that organizations can make money is revenue sharing . 
  it 's the only way . 
  the big question is how you create revenue sharing , because at the moment , there 's not much revenue to share . 
  the twitch channel , the youtube channel , they do n't bring much money . 
  companies like riot first have to do the homework and create the revenue , which they already started to do in the united states with the new contracts , then they should also share a part of this revenue to keep organizations alive . 
  or simply to justify that investors have to invest millions to get into a league . '', 
  this is the most important part and it has been said many times before , it 's straight up atrocious the mismanagement of riot esports when it comes to monetizing the lcs ( both na and eu ) . 
  and this is years after the bullshit excuse of `` we do n't run the lcs for profit '' since it has been proven over and over again ( even said by ghostcrawler ) how the lcs pretty much works as a player retention model , which keeps players engaged with the game even if they take a break from the actual game for months . 
  riot has obviously financial benefits from the lcs but are also extremely stubborn at creating new revenue sharing for their teams . 
  we have no actual information about the bamtech deal , maybe it only covers na since it 's an american broadcaster , and maybe it 's already included in the na contracts somehow . 
  it 's bullshit because even if riot does n't need to make money directly from the lcs , the orgs that play in the lcs do need money . 
  you will never see anything , because every time something is seen as too powerful in comparison to the rest is nerfed to the ground instead of increase the power of underpowered champions , the closest we had recently was the carry top laner meta 2 years ago , and even those were nerfed to the ground until we got the top tank meta again . 
  i never touched the first destiny but they sold me d2 by having the trailer start with mal talking with zoe . 
  they sure know how to get the geek vote . 
  not really , viewer numbers are declining after all . 
  for some context , with the fall of fnatic and origen , the unicorns of love were definitely one of the strongest european orgs when it comes to marketing and fanbase , and they are still barely getting any profits by being in the lcs , because they do n't have any big investors , even after they partnered with lagard\u00e8re sports a sports marketing company earlier this year . 
  i 've said this many times , but `` waiting for the enemy to fuck up '' should never be the standard way to allow a comeback , it takes away all agency from your team if all you can do is turtle up and hope the enemy team goes full monkey and gives you an opening . 
  good comeback mechanics should give the team from behind an active role in setting up the comeback . 
  do you prefer [ ursa in a police outfit ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/-fpgo18yo9h0/vgr8_xnypki/aaaaaaaadki/6g4stnxp-vc/s1600/voli.jpg ) ? 
  as someone that only knows james from all the memes , he seems way more knowledgeable and informative than i expected . 
  did he really push valve 's buttons that hard ? 
  on-topic : i like the point about activision/blizzard influence , people see blizz games esports and think `` oh we love blizz devs they can do no wrong '' , but people do n't understand that the devs have almost zero to do with their esports , the guys behind it are act-blizz executives that probably do n't even give a shit about their games and only about the mighty $ behind it, 
  i do n't think the ow/hs/hots devs are that interested in the competitive side of their games , ow was n't even supposed to have a competitive mode at release if i remember correctly , but they were pressured by players ( and probably actblizz ) to implement it as fast as possible . 
  it seems the blizz devs are happy to just make casual accessible games with low skill floor , while the wider company philosophy is pushing these games into the competitive multiplayer market , failing miserably since they were n't initially developed as such . 
  there 's nothing wrong with making casual games , look at all the mario games , they are incredibly accessible and everyone is able to enjoy them thanks to it , but nobody is pushing for mario kart to be an racing esport ... 
  he felt more like a expert assassin with a child like understanding of morality when he was first introduced , which resulted in an interesting dynamic with bruce and later dick , but during the new 52 he just became an asshole edgy-for-the-sake-of-being-edgy brat :\\, 
  i have a question , are they making this special sales something on rotation ? 
  like every 2 weeks you get a new set that you can buy at a discount ? 
  it does n't seem to be associated to any special event like the previous ones .
