  i can respect someone wanting to maintain his privacy , specially when being the lead dev in one of the biggest games right now ( pretty much all lead devs received death threats once in their career ) , and i mean no offense with this but the all `` do n't say his name '' , `` he 's a legend not a person '' is almost voldemort/harry potter levels of cultist . 
  also , he 's the main developer for dota 2 , he 's an important public figure even if he wants to maintain is privacy or not , there 's many very private public figures that do their thing and barely interact directly with their audiences . 
  saying his name should n't be taboo . 
   lol folks riot bought up radiant , who were making rising thunder on pc , which was looking pretty cool , and radiant has a very good pedigree , being led by evo founders tom and tony cannon and fighting game mainstay seth killian . 
   rising thunder was scrapped when they were bought , and i 'm guessing riot is having them make a league of legends fighting game . 
  if anything will kickstart a fighting game community on pc , it 's this . 
  it has been over 1 year and still no news from that game though , and riot is known for producing many game ideas `` in-house '' and scrapping them . 
  we still do n't know how riot 's development cycle works since they only made 1 game , it might take many more years before we see anything about it . 
  if you want to know more about her career , her conversation with sam jones in the off camera podcast is probably one my favorite episodes , definitely worth listening to . 
  edit : he uploads [ small clips on youtube ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=odqfrerlzgc ) , the podcast is 40 ~ 60 minutes long . 
  i have a radical idea , hear me out , maybe the issue is ... there 's only 2 international competitions per year :o, 
  how are international teams supposed to get better vs koreans when only a possible 3/4 teams per region are allowed to * maybe * compete vs them per year ? 
  the current locked regional structure is killing competitive league of legends . 
  why did he annoy you ? 
  it was actually my favorite from the season , and i thought he did a pretty good job in it :|, 
  how can league not be at that point when blizzard says that for 20 mil anyone can foster they very own local city-based teams :\\, 
  it was a joke mostly , blizzard is implementing this year an overwatch league , similar to lcs but they want it to be a city-based circuit , as in , teams in the league belong to specific cities and maintain their own studio/arena there so that matches can be played over the several months of the league . 
  their idea is that localizing teams to specific cities allows them to get more local fans and grow the local scenes of those cities ... also the current rumor is that a buy-in for the owleague is 20 mil without revenue sharing 'til 2021 . 
  this still forces people to now own 20 champions instead of 16 before they can play ranked . 
  where were you when you saw na become a wildcard region ? 
  i was fapping to bjergsen 's tears ^ ^ ^ pls ^ ^ ^ come ^ ^ ^ back ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ eu ^ ^ ^ bjerg ^ ^ ^ < 3, 
  honestly i do n't think the `` buy champions '' is the best argument to call league pay-to-win , since over the years the champions have been watered down to the point of each one being similar to like 10 or 15 others , you do n't need all for counterpicks , you just need some from specific pools of archtypes . 
  it 's much easier to criticize the rune system for being pay to win in league of legends , since that does change directly gameplay elements inside the game . 
  `` but you ca n't buy them with rp !, 
  '' , well you can buy ip boots with real money with increases how fast you get them by 100 % , and you can buy rune pages which increases options in champ select . 
  a latin tongue is sharp as a knife ... and apparently as toxic as muk, 
  well , almost thought riot was actually being proactive for once , a rioter said that they want to do it but `` not in the near future '' . 
  i have zero tech background can someone tell me if creating a voice chat tech is really that hard and time consuming ? 
  they really ca n't make it and implement it for testing in a couple of months ? 
  it 's not some world shattering technology you literally have dozens of different chat-based services right now ... 
  yes for endemic esports teams it is . 
  for traditional sports teams , their target , it isnt, 
  wait wait the 13 year moba experience-meme came from janook ? 
  was n't he from the esports team ? 
  that makes the quote even worse ... he 's working for immortals now it seems , he 's not even a developer , he 's a marketing specialist lol, 
  well , marketing dudes are specialists at trying to sell bullshit . 
  this sort of arguments are more degrading to women in gaming than actually help any possible problems that currently exist , `` i ca n't talk in voice chat because i 'll be harassed '' , what 's seriously the probability in a team of 5 people that all 4 others are dickbags ? 
  mute the shithead and communicate with the rest , people always see these issues as 0 or 100 when middle terms exist, 
  i 'll quote myself :, 
   i have a radical idea , hear me out , maybe the issue is ... there 's only 2 international competitions per year :o, 
   how are international teams supposed to get better vs koreans when only a possible 3/4 teams per region are allowed to maybe compete vs them per year ? 
  the current locked regional tournament structure is killing competitive league of legends . 
  also it 's important to point out like mithy is saying , china and lms are so close to korea that they can regularly scrim against them . 
  riot needs to find a way to implement majors like cs : go and dota 2 has , otherwise they will start seeing viewer numbers for msi and worlds drop since even though people respect skt for being amazing , seeing them demolish teams over and over again without a fight is not entertaining ... it 's good league of legends , but definitely not entertaining , people like to see a clash between 2 great teams not skt slap other regions with a magikarp to the face . 
  if we are going by that logic , that western teams will never win against koreans even with more experience against them , then why bother with international events ? 
  lets just do 2 battle for the atlantic a year , and let the asians have their own tournaments . 
  hmm , this sounds like a t_donald lewis video instead of journalist lewis , if i wanted to hear `` counter-culture '' rants and people throwing cucks and liberal media around i would read my facebook feed . 
  also , is he arguing that a good representation of a gay men in games is only if he 's flamboyant and his sexuality impacts the game mechanics ? 
  like , i think ow 's push for diversity is just a marketing tool , the fact that it does n't impact the game is why i mostly do n't care about them pushing it . 
  the rule only applied for a limited time , the players could be drop after the first week or something like that . 
  the issue is player contracts , why do n't these challenger players have a clause that says `` if we get into the lcs and our spot is sold our contracts must be transferred to the new org '' , at least that way if you want to kick the players you have to buy-out their contracts . 
  how do you even code something like this ? 
  i would understand if it was something similar to all skins , but a skin specific gameplay bug is weird as fuck . 
  sidenote : that skin is ugly as fuck though , even after their `` rework '' , riot should be ashamed for still selling it . 
  not sure if you are being sarcastic but pulsefire ezreal came out before arcana lina , according to both wikis . 
  also ultimate skins are not really comparable with all arcanas , since they are supposed to `` change '' during the game , like the monkey king 's arcana . 
  they can have multiple streams , not every game needs to be in the main stage with player cams . 
  also the reason why riot events are so long its also because they insist on making them in multiple cities and venues . 
  ... you do n't need to stream the games like the main stream , just put the teams in a scrim room playing the games and get 2 casters to cast over the stream . 
  not every single game has to be in the main event venue . 
  mentioning anything done by valve in dota 2 as a possible improvement to league is taboo in this sub , be careful . 
  i saw people in the main sub arguing that more international competition would n't solve anything and it would just result in more korean domination like sc2 , ok then , i guess it 's time to lie down and wait for league 's western scene to die . 
  * which it wont because people do n't care about watching good gameplay they just want to see their favorite teams win in the sloppiest way ever in their home region . 
  this does n't seem to be a very `` balanced '' discussion since every guest is in favor of franchising , and while thoorin as in the past been against it , he is also the moderator and needs to remain somewhat impartial . 
  the game might be fun ( full cgi showcasing the characters does n't say much about the game ) but that song remix is godawful , i 'm starting to resent james gun a bit after so many trailers for movies and games trying to be gotg . 
  they did n't `` come up '' with anything , almost every game with fake currency/points have missions or daily quests , even other games in the genre , dota has it in the compendium and hots has the daily quests . 
  it 's nice for riot to finally implement it , but lets not masturbate them too hard mate . 
   besides that , if you `` need '' runes just buy them . 
  whatelse are you going to do with it ? 
  buy champions ... 
  i argued in the main sub that the issue comes from shitty player contracts , if they had a clause saying `` our contract gets transfered to the new org if our spot is sold '' at least they would get a good chunk of money from the buy-out , but since klaj said some were `` approached '' by nip , it seems there was no such clause and they probably got nothing from the sale of the spot . 
  like anxious said , the issue is n't skt using a strat that is unable to be beat , is that they are extremely flexible thanks to having the best players in the game while also being ahead of the meta and creating different strats before opponents can counter . 
  but seriously , they are just straight up better , at this final during game 2 i think , g2 were able to catch skt a bunch of times during the early game and had a nice 5 ~ 6k gold lead ... after the 20 minutes mark that lead was still the same but it meant nothing , skt just steamrolled them and started winning all over the map , it was like that gold lead was never there . 
  they have the best mechanical players in the world in every position and the best game knowledge and mentality as a team , even though huni and peanut were a bit of wildcards in their previous teams , 1 split with skt 's staff and it 's like they are completely different players . 
  technically is like neither since they are displacements while medivh 's is a blink , which is way way stronger , people can be damaged and cc ` ed using rek 's and bard 's tunnel . 
  i still think something feels off with hots , it 's probably the animations , they do n't look fluid enough . 
  i do n't care about them being badasses in their main franchises when they feel stiff and toy-like in hots , even though i think that 's ok for many people since hots works as a power fantasy for many blizz fans ( i.e. 
  you get to play has the strong ass characters you know as npcs from other games ), 
  this is another exhibition tournament , what 's the issue with making a traditional regional tournament ? 
  i want more bo5 international matches not some bo1 and last man standing finals , this solves none of the issues with international pro-league of legends , it 's just for entertainment and regional pride ... 
  meanwhile league of legends loses [ it 's only non-riot international competition with league being removed from iem ] ( https://esports.yahoo.com/iem-wont-feature-league-legends-2017-season-172035591.html ) . 
  riot 's tight grip improving international competition since 2013 !, 
  they need to drop bo1s , we know that they wont because it 's the easiest way for an upset to happen , but bo1 groups do not measure how good a team is . 
  nothing wrong with it , but we already have 6 months of a tournament exclusively for entertainment and regional pride ( i.e. 
  the lcs ) , meanwhile league only has 2 tournaments for people that want to watch the highest competitive league of legends . 
  ( msi and worlds ) . 
  and the na vs eu one is the worst , its the shortest with only 3 days while the rest have 4 , and this is because there 's only 14 bo1 ... this is a fucking joke . 
  before the lcs started league was being played in the usual tournament circuits , and according to many if a tournament organizer wanted the broadcast license for league they could n't have dota or hon in the same tournament , it was a rule imposed by riot , since league was the much bigger game most obliged . 
  ( this was before my time , so someone correct me if i 'm wrong . ), 
  in most games you can buy cosmetics directly somehow instead of having to deal with a gambling addiction simulator . 
  the japanese server is less than 1 year old , they are a wildcard region , they would get demolished vs korea/china/lms . 
  the gpl and oceania are a more fair fight . 
  people are not arguing against ow having microtransations for cosmetics to sustain the game , that 's perfectly reasonable and a perfect system if well implemented , the issue is that the only microtransation in the game is a manipulative gambling system . 
  let people buy skins they want directly for money and nobody would bitch about it . 
   tencent news, 
  tencent is also a news network ? 
  i know they are one of the biggest tech companies in the world , but i only follow what they do in gaming , and their weird social control app ( like the one from black mirror s03ep1 ) , did n't know they also have a news network , now it makes more sense why they are so easily making an esports tv network as well . 
  more specifically the sesame credit system , [ extra credits talked about it a couple of years ago ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhctkwiz8si ) , and recently i saw some news about it again , i have n't seen or read anything directly from china , so what i know might be ironically western propaganda/misinterpretation of it, 
  it 's league 's main regional tournament circuit , every main region has two 3 months long tournament splits , the ones for eu and na are called lcs , league of legends championship series . 
  instead of having teams going to different tournaments over the year , riot has 2 splits ( spring and summer ) where teams fight for points so they can join worlds ( i.e league 's ti ),
