  still , that shit is thankfully going away forever , i still agree that riot could easily make all champions free , or at least give away a pack of 20-30 like hots did , the new season would be a great way for them to do that a get a bunch of new players ( and probably a bunch of smurfs ) . 
  the issue is that gamers just eat that shit up because `` it 's a way to support the developer so that they can still update the game ! '', 
  ( i.e. 
  the overwatch narrative ) , which ignores the fact that you could still easily support the developer by directly buying cosmetics from a in-game store . 
  but this would result in less money for them because they ca n't manipulate people through gambling addiction mechanisms , if you are allowed to buy exactly what you want . 
  like , that 's a pretty half-assed analysis and all the data they showed either does n't make sense to correlate like that , or is slightly misleading . 
  if this is all it takes to be a market research firm then i think i 'll start my own company . 
  at least superdata does create their own data and statistics , this is just reformulated information from other places while flimsy associating stuff that ca n't be correlated , talking about `` esports '' as something like the nfl is stupid as fuck . 
  in my opinion esports are closer to other forms of entertainment/media , than traditional sports and leagues . 
  specially since poland is having a huge gaming and esports boom , thanks to several things :, 
  - cd projekt red : which made one of the most successful games in the west ( the witcher series ) with the financial support of the polish government ( they even gave obama a copy of the game with the traditional welcome package ) . 
  they also created what is easily the second biggest online gaming store good old games ( gog.com ) . 
  - esl/iem with katowice became one of the biggest centers of esports in europe , there 's definitely more esports fans in poland than fucking uk ( sorry mates ) . 
  it kinda sucked that the second season was 50 % the end of the first book and the rest was the beginning of another , it really felt like it . 
  the first 5 episodes were everything i ever wanted in a sci-fi show since stargate and bsg , and then it dropped it 's pacing so much , which is understandable since it was setting up another arc :\\, 
  the issue with this strutcture is that it will most definitely split all the top eu teams , fnatic and h2k will most likely wan na go to london since they have their headquarters there ; uol are a german team so they are going to want to stay in berlin ; g2 is the pride of spain , so barcelona is the most logical choice , specially with the andr\u00e9 gomes investing in them recently , this will literally kill the competition in eu . 
  his [ youtube videos have a cam ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hfdyxmmeo7c ) , so i guess he does stream with it as well . 
  well , [ iwilldominate apparently has also started playing dota 2 ] ( https://twitter.com/liquiddominate/status/9051369815957667849 ) , so they might actually do it, 
  [ this thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/comments/45b8sp/returning_to_lol_after_a_few_monthsyears_of_not/ ) in / r/summonerschool gets updated with every new patch . 
  you can overlap ability animations ( effectively `` canceling '' the animation of the first ability ) but you ca n't fake the start of an animation and stop it . 
  well , at least he 's honest , if he calls similar systems gambling he should definitely call the gem system the same shit , even though the gem skins are pure garbage so far , even hextech annie is meh compared with other skins , [ this is the list of exclusive gem loot so far ] ( http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/hextech_crafting#loot_exclusive_content ), 
  sidenote : that 's * previously * jinxylord the champion dev for vi/jinx/gnar / ekko/jhin , he 's probably one of the few decent devs there . 
  yeah gypsylord , sorry i just woke up , small brainfart . 
  i think the gem system right now is really only troublesome for people that really like a particular champion and want everything for it , or collectors ... which , honestly , if you are collecting virtual goods then you deserve to get ripoff ` ed . 
  most of the random looking skins are just a `` it 's just some multiverse thing '' trope , similar to marvel 's what if ? 
  and dc 's elseworlds , which are just their characters but in alternative universes . 
  ... because it increases loot box sales , the same reason for all loot box systems being implemented in games right now . 
  ignoring the cancer that is frozen mallet gnar , he was once one of the best balanced champions they released imo , he had clear strengths and weaknesses , both situational and the enemy was always aware of them thanks to his transformation mechanic , so you could always play around his power spikes ... frozen mallet kinda removed that though . 
  do n't worry , we have crumbz representing the lck instead ... 
  there 's an obvious solution which would n't result in having to nerf lulu and etc to the ground like always . 
  just create items that can counter those champions , something like dota 's bkb , which grants spell immunity for x amount of seconds , that would help divers a ton . 
  but items in league always very stats focused instead of being manly about their passives/actives , so balancing said item to not be overpowered or underpowered is almost impossible , as we have seen in a ton of items recently, 
  still , since the teams have to pay 5m to get in that prize pool is being paid by themselves with the possibility of part of it going back to them lol blizzard is pretty much asking orgs to pay a fee to advertise their own game . 
  it 's [ the rift herald ] http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/rift_herald ) , she 's the giant boss monster in the new mode they made i think . 
  when she got reworked riot specified that rift herald was a she , i do n't want to offend someone that identifies as a rift herald by using the wrong pronoun . 
  bro you just have to wait 1 year and 6 months after the game is release for it to finally start getting a ton of viewers !, 
  tentacle porn monster is a better damage support than any of those . 
  sure he 's not a traditional utility support but does that matter when a significant portion of their playrate is in that role ? 
  stuff like brand is almost non-existent in the mid lane , according to op.gg 80 % of his games are as a support , he might have been conceived as a mid laner but the way people use it is how you should define something . 
  even though riot obviously does n't want damage supports as the standard , seeing that all support items they reworked/created are exclusively for utility supports or tanks . 
  league streamers have to diversify their viewerbase if they have any hopes of keep doing it in the future . 
  but for how long will he still be able to stream league and consistently get high viewers ? 
  it 's safer to get core viewers by playing other games , since core viewers will follow him even if league dies, 
  he said in the clip he 's playing with scarra , dyrus and shiphtur, 
   jungling is completely ineffective without smite, 
  and this happens because riot yet again had to restrict the game even more instead of trying to balance their shit . 
  `` our laners are taking jungle camps to get exp leads , let 's make jungle camps give less exp if you do n't have a jungle item , and lets make it so that you can only get the jungle item if you have smite with you '', 
  besides how this pretty much delete a bunch of strategies , this pretty much killed any jungle summoner spells diversity , 99,99 % of the times you are forced to run smite/flash on every ... single ... jungler ( except hecarim ) . 
  seriously , the summoner spell system is probably the worse system riot ever made , even worse than the runes system . 
  we have very different definitions of `` balanced '' . 
  there 's a difference between `` being able to '' and there being overwhelming `` the best option '' , let 's look at renekton , one of the best early game champions , a combat ss would be great on him , and sure you can take ignite on him , but there 's a reason why 95 % of renektons still take teleport and it has a higher winrate than ignite on said champion . 
  you can take other ss sure , but the game developed into forcing people to almost always take teleport because it 's the most efficient option , some thing with most other roles . 
  did you see the new keystone that allows people to change ss ? 
  that 's the max extent riot allows themselves to touch the ss system right now , and that keystone is garbage , i seriously doubt it will ever be used , it 's a niche novelty . 
  something like dawngate would be a million times better , or make summoner 's upgrades you can put on tier 3 boots and turn them into activables , likes the previous tier 3 upgrades you had . 
  that way people could choose between having teleport for free at the start of the game , or paying 1000/1500g gold to upgrade their boots at 15 minutes to have teleport on their boots ( this would be shitty as fuck for cass ... but fuck cass ), 
  you could use that argument with keystones , yet they are introducing a bunch of them that can have a bigger impact that some summoner 's have right now . 
  the last couple of si had krepo , deficio and zirene though ... 
  also , there 's going to be that rune that turns extra cdr into ap , so it 's not really wasted stats in the future i guess . 
  wtf that game [ has batman in it !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzloyfnj7ma ) fuck dota , fuck league , i 'll start r/arenaofvalormasterrace, 
  but lets be honest , the way champions work in league makes p&b incredibly predictable if you have enough knowledge , [ just look at ls in lck ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-qga1vg588 ), 
  `` 30 millions '' accounts created , not active players , which is not the same thing at all , because you could create multiple accounts in pc bangs and on consoles . 
  is it really that hard to understand that ow viewership is garbage ? 
  people argue that `` it 's a new game '' , when the owl launches the game will be 1 year and 6 months old , and it already had a small esports scene during close beta , yet pubg 's invitational randomly got more viewership than any ow tournament in the last year . 
  yeah , cause riot 's new player experience in league is the best shit since blowjobs in the morning ... 
  honestly , it 's literally impossible for a new player to start playing that game without having a friend helping him for the first 20-30 matches , the tutorial is pure garbage , much worse than dota 's in my opinion . 
   '' i tend to want to play a game , not watch it . '', 
  there 's nothing wrong with this statement , but it pretty much nails the overall feel for every single blizzard `` esport '' game , people like to play them casually but do n't see them as competitive . 
  i guess double relic shield top would be viable if you do n't have a jungler , when they released that item 2-1-2 was literally the meta . 
  honestly neither solution fixes the issue , dota has low priority while riot straight up permabans people ( in exceptional cases they ban individuals for life ) . 
  although both are free to play , so people in either system can just create new accounts to circumvent the ban . 
  straight up banning people in overwatch will definitely decreased their player count because the game is not f2p , but toxicity will never disappear because the root cause is the fact that these games have a very competitive environment , the reason people play is to win , not the `` improve '' or to `` have fun '' ( even though winning is fun , but that 's semantics ) , this creates tension and stress in the players resulting in said toxicity . 
  this is such a scapegoat excuse for the slow development cycle of overwatch , are they seriously trying to push the narrative that game devs/animators/artists are the ones dealing with the report system instead of having a proper team for that ? 
  pretty much , but i ca n't believe they are actually saying that with a straight face `` yeah the people that create new heroes and maps , and the people responsible for balancing the game are the ones that also have to analyze behavior reports and decide if someone was naughty or not '' , either this is an horrible and incompetent organizational structure or a lie . 
  ok , why are ui designers and coders responsible for the report system , most game studios have a dedicated player behavior or at least a community manager team that are better qualified to deal with these issues . 
   `` think blizzard took a serious step in making esports not being seen as some weird nerd shit '', 
  oh fuck we actually never left the 90 's . 
  also , fucking delusional , it 's a videogame where a giant speaking gorilla can electrocute to death a small asian girl in a mech suit . 
  it will always be `` weird nerd shit '' . 
   `` that it 's not just about gamers but is truly trying to be an experience for everyone like real life sports are '', 
  yeah let 's ignore all the football clubs that already invested in esports in europe . 
  dude , icefrog is so deep inside / r/dota2 ass that we should start considering it a blowjob instead . 
  well , aside from tencent , which owns both dota 's competitor ( league ) and cs : go 's competitor ( crossfire ), 
  well ... except reek 's cock , that thing is pretty dead as far as i know . 
  c'mon even riot was able to do a sniper archetype champion , [ and it 's honestly one of their best designs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qvnw0a-d0t0 ) . 
  you can definitely have an high burst long range character in mobas as long as you give him specific weakness , like low mobility and survivability, 
  it was an issue with the lethality stat though , which was making ad abilities deal ridiculous amounts of damage . 
  still jhin 's ult has a ton of counterplay , he has to root himself for the duration , you always know where he is so you can interrupt it with long range cc , and the bullets can be blocked by other champions . 
  i do n't have that much experience with hots , but there 's no items , so no wards or items specific to spot stealth enemies like in league and dota . 
  so unless there 's some talents that give vision of stealth enemies , i think the issue with more with the stealth mechanic in hots than the fact that nova is a ranged assassin type hero . 
  i really do n't want this to sound condescending , but people that think city-based esports are possible currently are either delusional or overwatch is their first esport . 
  no esport title is big enough ( as in : has enough local viewers ) to sustain a local franchise , it 's just not possible , esports were and still are a global market , the growth we are seeing since 2010 from grassroots scenes , still maintained in some level by the fgc , to the current millions in prizepools and viewers from the big 3 only happened thanks to the various streaming platforms and the international fanbases that were created thanks to it , even the big 3 ca n't sustain local franchises , why would overwatch be able to ? 
  even if just 5 years from now ? 
  take a look at league of legends , by far the biggest esports when it comes to viewers , with the vast vast majority of them being chinese viewers , and even then , when the chinese league ( lpl ) decided to start their franchise and make it city-based they still only choose 3 of the most populous cities which will be shared by their current 14 ( and expanding ) teams , because putting individual teams in individual cities in fucking china would n't be sustainable . 
  i know , then why have city based teams ? 
  why force established orgs like cloud 9 to renounce their brand and waste money not only in getting a studio and office in another city but also in building up a new brand exclusive to the overwatch league ( which creates a huge disassociation with their fans from other esports ) ? 
  also , they either would have to keep a steady supply of skins being created ( which is doubtful ) or make the drops extremely rare , both options do n't result in sustainable viewership . 
   i guess dota 2 just does n't seem the same as the mobas that were being made to hop on the bandwagon . 
  because most were devs trying to replicate the success of league instead of making their own thing .
