  are arcade shooter having a comeback ? 
  it seems everyone and their mother want to do slow ass class-based shooters , even tf2 felt faster than the current king , overwatch . 
  they [ confirmed last year when they announced the game that it would have a classic mode ] ( https://www.gamespot.com/articles/quake-champions-boss-confirms-you-can-play-without/1100-6442812/ ) , if the competitive scene ever develops again it will probably be around the classic mode . 
  cool yes , but not relevant to this sub . 
  from the `` must be relevant '' subreddit rules :, 
   league pros and personalities doing non-league related things are not counted as related to league . 
  i 'm not saying it 's not a nice thing , but the mods either follow their own rules that strictly or they do n't , it 's up to them . 
  / r/games ; / r/gaming ; / r/dyrus ; / r/teamsolomid , there 's probably more . 
  1 ) remove the chat windown , ie . 
  drag it outside of the limits, 
  2 ) stop playing after a loss , go for a walk , see a movie , go grab a drink , specially if you got really frustrated during that loss, 
  3 ) play other games for a couple of weeks if you are on a big losing streak . 
  on a sidenote : i do n't understand how people think it 's `` ok '' for riot to permaban accounts for something not related with cheating , specially with the retarded grind this game still has and makes people incredibly attached to their accounts . 
  there 's so many other options to rehabilitate players : block players from using chat for a year ; remove their ability to use ranked for a year ; increase queue time considerably ; create a low priority queue with other toxic people like dota 2 does . 
  deleting an account is the american version of incarceration , fuck rehabilitation , just hit them with the ban bat , that sure as fuck will stop them from creating a new account and being toxic to new players and getting banned again . 
  xpecial criticizing subtlety teams importing koreans and how many korean play in the western team is pretty interesting when he has 3 koreans on the team . 
  maybe he 's feeling frustrated playing on a team with difficult in-game communication . 
  do the french/germa/etc streams rebroadcast riot 's stream or is it just guys in front of a camera talking and you have to watch riot 's stream muted ? 
  1 ) yes let 's pigeonhole champions into specific roles , that 's great for variety, 
  2 ) the issue is n't their ratios , it 's the support items and the ridiculous passive '' + x % bonus healing and shielding power . '', 
  that riot gave them . 
  you do n't need ratios when items that are already great ( redemption ) or have great sinergy with shield champions ( censer and athene ) , passively increase their values of your heals and shields . 
  edit : plus the windspeaker 's blessing mastery ... like all this items and masteries synergyze way too well with each other to create monstrous shields with very little ap, 
  why not ? 
  these champions are great counters to burst champions and assassins , there 's a niche that they can fill in the mid lane , they also serve specially well for comps with carries in the top lane and/or jungle as a second support . 
  the biggest difference between lulu/karma mid and orianna is that ori has more consistent dps so she builds more damage than lulu and karma . 
  i 'll repeat myself , the issue is the 30 % extra heal/shield that lulu and karma get from redemption/censer/windspeaker ... after a few quick calculations , the amount of shield bonus these passives give is equivalent to 114 ap ( 2479.5 gold ) on karma and 120 ap ( 2610 gold ) on lulu , for basically free , since the items go way above cost efficiency once you count the redemption active and ardent censor 's bonus attackspeed , on-hit damage and on-hit lifesteal . 
  riot needs to either reduce the extra bonus given by these passives or introduce an item that reduces shields efficiency in a similar way to how grievous wounds reduces healing, 
  just eu west already has more ranked players than the korean server , if you add eu east europe is definitely league 's second biggest market . 
  are people actually happy about this ? 
  this final just makes it more obvious how awful na is in comparison to korea , these are the top 2 teams in the region , playing one of the sloppiest finals in league 's history . 
  based on op.gg stats , which registers all active ranked players in all major regions ( not china though ) . 
  monte has as much access to the actual numbers as we do , aka he has no access to them , like i said before , all you can do is see the ranked numbers and hope that % of people that play ranked and people that are unranked is similar in all regions . 
  the thing is ... it 's not blizzard vomiting money , teams have to literally pay millions just for the spot on the league , and this money will undoubtedly be used as an early investment to create the necessary structure , besides , blizzard also circumvents having to build and maintain a broadcasting studio since they also want to force the teams with the spots to have their own arenas for broadcasting . 
  blizzard is gambling the orgs 's money with this league , `` hey give us 5 to 10 million right now , maintain your own arenas so we can broadcast matches there , and maybe maybe in a couple of years we will be huge and you will get roi '' ... the thing is , who is seriously going to invest in an esport that has almost zero important competitive matches for almost 1 year ? 
  esport development is all about momentum and it seems overwatch , thanks to blizzards mismanagement ( again lul ) is losing all it 's momentum . 
  i honestly think that in a couple of months or weeks blizzard will announce that their league will have a smaller structure similar to riot 's lcs , and will expand in the following years , creating what they announced last year is just suicide . 
  it 's not that easy for a caster to jump between titles , specially color casters , who are supposed to have a lot of game knowledge and talk about strategies in-depth , even monte admitted that he had been `` studying '' overwatch for over 6 months before he felt comfortable to cast at blizzcon . 
  also communities tend to be very aggressive of newcoming casters , see how well it went for deman when he moved to cs : go . 
  monte and doa left korea to go back to the us and cast full time on the overwatch league :|, 
  what they are trying to do would at least be fine if overwatch already had at least 1 year of 3rd party tournaments , but after they announced the owleague not only did a bunch of organizers back off from the scene , but it seems blizzard also rejected licences for a bunch of tournaments . 
  which means that the ow league is the entry point for 99 % of their possible viewership , no way they will get sustainable numbers during the first year, 
  one does n't justify the other though , and zelda is just the current game circlejerk of this sub , every couple of months something comes out that just inundates this sub with nothing but posts about that game for weeks ... 
  [ balance in all things !, 
  ] ( https://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/leagueoflegends/images/c/c4/kennen.move5.ogg/revision/latest?cb=20121126180334 ), 
  ^ ^ ^ trying ^ ^ ^ to ^ ^ ^ tilt ^ ^ ^ you, 
  riot 's solution to mobility creep was starting to introduce abilities in champions that deny or punish mobility abilities : cassiopeia 's miasma is an aoe spell that makes people on it `` grounded '' and unable to use mobility abilities ; poppy 's steadfast presence knocks down someone if they try to dash in it ; camille 's the hextech ultimatum locks people in a cage and they are unable to use any mobility spell to escape ; talyah 's unraveled earth , is an aoe ground spell that damages enemies if they dash above it . 
  so , they are trying to created counters to the mobility creep , unfortunately riot 's item philosophy is shit , so they probably will never introduce impactful items of that kind ... unless it is a support item . 
  riot implemented a mix of both systems i guess , you have the general store where you can buy most skins , and during special events they usually bring out removed limited-timed skins so you can buy them again ( legacy skins , esports skins , etc ) . 
  but they also implemented loot boxes and keys , that you can get by playing or just straight up buying them , the important bit is that all those limited timed skins are available in this boxes if you are lucky enough , and right now there 's 3 skins that you can only get by getting them randomly in a loot box or by getting special gems ... from loot boxes . 
  but without wanting to be pedantic , is n't this just a huge fuck you to anyone that even considers hots a competitive game ? 
  the inability to understand immediately who you are fighting against is a huge disadvantage . 
  ca n't wait to see skins that completely change their heroes in their revolutionary owleague ... 
  some things translate pretty well between the games , the most important part is understanding key balance choices between the two that change how both are played , for example : turn-rates are not inherently good or bad as many people like to say , they just force valve and riot to balance around them . 
  if you understand how turnrates interact with the game on a micro level ( plus the fact that dota has longer channeling animations for abilities ) , you begin to understand that kiting works in a much different in dota than how you do it in league . 
  heroes vs champions and items are also pretty easy to understand if you already have some basis in the genre ( status buffs and debuffs , different types of cc , etc ) , most abilities have similar effects in both games , but dota tends to have more impactful and powerful effects . 
  honestly , playing both is just like playing cod and bf , also , in my opinion dota has a much easier entry point if you already have a background in league than vice-versa , mostly because riot still has league 's champions locked , while league players can jump to dota and play with heroes they feel comfortable with . 
  let 's see if i get tagged as riot 's fucktoy today , this is useless because :, 
  1 - only 5.000 votes on a sub with 400.000 unique visitors daily, 
  2 - reddit communities are hardly representative of the actual reality ( just ask the americans about their elections ) ,, 
  3 - the number that riot gave was `` active accounts ( i.e. 
  must have played at least 1 match in that month ) '' i might have 10 accounts but if i only use one i only count as 1 . 
  also : playerbase numbers is the ultimate circlejerk of this sub , you realize how much more depressing it is for the 100 million number to be real yet less than 1/3 of them give a shit about their esport ? 
  korea is most dominant region for 4 years ... lets get 1 caster from lck and 3 casters from lpl ... 
   how nash went from reading 700 self-help books to being ceo of clg, 
  [ lul mylixivia ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y63rwp3ogig ), 
   `` prices that are being thrown around in the lcs right now are insane '', 
  well yeah , ffs reignover is being paid 600.000 + dollars by teamliquid , he 's a good player but not 600k $ good wtf , teams like tl saw a bunch of money being thrown at them by vc investors and started spending as much as possible instead of being smart about it , if tl got relegated this split one of the oldest teams in esports would just have died because all of their investors would back off , just because these retards have no idea what do to with the money being injected into the scene . 
  they are paying dyrus , scarra , voyboy ( all ex-league pros ) to play hots for the next 4 weeks for that charity event as well , i think they get more money for the charity by reaching high rank . 
  blizzard is just going full time into hots right now , trying to get league players by paying ex-pros , trying to get overwatch players by having a bunch of crosspromotion for skins and stuff . 
  [ most people 's reactions to that segment ] ( https://twitter.com/fedmyster/status/856294571520557056 ), 
  also imagine dragons are cool and all but their lead singer ca n't sing for shit live , their performance was depressing as fuck . 
  those games are in no way equivalent to dota/league , wow and guild wars are mmo 's you can have 30 people in the same place throwing shit at the screen , while overwatch is an fps which makes it harder to view if you have just blurs of color in front of your character ( i.e. 
  why i hated battleborn ) . 
  still people do complain about dota/league being hard to see when you have teamfights with 10 people in the same place , but those are not the majority of the play time , unlike hots from what i understand . 
  i think the issue with hots is mostly design inconsistency , there 's some heroes whose abilities are very satisfying to use . 
  from a very casual experience , i think their big bruisers and tanks feel way more satisfying from an animation/fx point of view than their mages and some assassins . 
  like i do n't understand why some people are using li-ming as an example of good fx design , her abilities feel awful to use honestly , and most mages are like that , they feel like little dolls that some 5 year old is playing with in his room . 
  no offense , but this is the internet and photoshop exists , who is this guy ? 
  he has 1.100 subs on youtube , the video in question barely has 4k views and it was published 1 year ago , [ and it 's still up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vmhiyz96qzi ) , i 'm not sure about how copyright claims work but do n't they get taken down until a decision is made by youtube ? 
  dude chill , it was an honest question :| i never touched the original dota and going by his twitter and youtube following it looked like a random dude . 
  do you need an hug archyes ? 
  i was n't sure about this because one of the biggest arguments against the shitty copyright claim of youtubers was how the automatic system was flagging their videos in the first hours , which is super shitty since even if they fought the claim and got it reinstated the vast majority of views happen in the first couple of days , so they lose a ton of revenue . 
  i have very little experience with hots but after interacting with medivh a couple of times , i swear he would be broken as fuck in other dota-like/mobas . 
  raven form makes him untargetable and immune to all effect which allows him to scout the entire map and nobody can do shit about it , and his poly bomb can be the most obnoxious thing ever in uncoordinated play :|, 
  honestly , after seeing what blizzard is doing with their revamped reward system in hots 2.0 ( and with dota pretty much being free ) , riot is so far behind is freaking ridiculous , it 's really sad that if you reach a new level in league your reward is :, 
  1 - a new mastery point, 
  2 - a new rune block ( that you have to buy a rune to fill ), 
  3 - a summoner spell, 
  these are all things that should be available straight up for any new players , deciding what to do with your brand new mastery point is not a fucking reward . 
  give ip boosts , give 1 box or keys , give icons , give a free rune page , like there 's so many different shit they could be doing to make the leveling more enjoyable . 
  it 's not even necessary to be as good as garena 's new system , but the current system is just depressing when you already have a huge wall ( the 130 + champions you need to unlock ) in front of every single new player . 
  to be fair my distaste for her it 's mostly centered on the particle effects and animations of her missiles ability and her ult laser , they feel super unsatisfying to use, 
  i think there 's another factor that people keep forgetting in this discussion , the ** 10 % increase on heals/shields passive **, 
  since this passive stacks additively , with just the combination of redemption + ardent censer and the keystone `` windspeaker 's blessing '' , a support gets a free 30 % value increase to all their shields and healing , making an already over-tuned item much more powerful and reinforcing a meta based on supports whom better utilize these items and passive ( i.e. 
  supports with many heals and shields ), 
  ok , first off there 's no point in beating the dead horse that is redemption 's active since shakarez explained pretty well it 's utility , right now just based on its stats redemption is 91.27 % gold efficient , and the active can easily increase that if well utilized , which right now is always since the item does n't have many downsides . 
  meanwhile ardent censer is 92.94 % gold efficient without its passive effects but this jumps to 136.42 % ( level 1 ) - 169.03 % ( level 18 ) gold efficiency if you buff a single target with the attackspeed/on-hit damage passive ( this can be multiplied by 5 on karma with mantra-e or by anyone using aegis ) , and i 'm not sure how you can even calculate the on-hit health regen that the item also gives . 
  my point is , yes its `` not free '' but it sure makes the items even more cost effective . 
  according to the wiki they still stack additively if it 's on different items , they removed the ability of stacking with the same item , as in , before if you got 2 redemptions you would get 20 % heal/shield buff,
