  - overwatch already with 2.7 million in just 1 year , divided between 1649 players , only less 300 players than in dota 2 's history o_o, 
  - it 's kinda sad how little the fgc players get in prize pools :\\, 
  each split counts as 1 tournament in that website it seems , so in 1 year , spring split + summer split , multiply by 2 with the challenger scene , and then multiply by every region controlled by riot which are a lot : na ; eu ; china ; korea ; brazil ; las ( las north and las south i think ) , turkey , cis ; gpl ; lms ; australia , and then multiply the several years that these tournaments have existed . 
  i do n't get it , how does the english top numbers for the tsm vs gam change between the two graphs ? 
  oh yeah i noticed , the chinese numbers were higher at the start and declined , while the english numbers increased . 
  it was probably too late for the chinese viewers since they are like 12h + ahead of brazil or something like that, 
  words are stronger than punches bro , you ca n't go around offending people 's feelings in a competitive environment , [ we need a safer summoner 's rift ] ( https://semipartisansam.files.wordpress.com/2015/10/safe-space-cartoon-1.png ), 
  they already gutted lulu 's damage to push her out of solo lanes and now you want to gut her most important utility ? 
  like everyone keeps yelling about lulu and ivern but has any of you ever consider that maybe the issue is the items that both of them build ? 
  i already ranted about this a bunch but all the utility support items synergy like crazy , specially if you take windspeaker 's blessing , just 2 items with the % shield/heal + windspeaker 's blessing give 30 % increase to all shields and heals to supports with already very high base values on this abilities , it 's ridiculous . 
  tl ; dr : nerf over tuned values do n't remove the utility out of support champions, 
  lulu is the only champion of all 136 with a polymorph ability , riot should never nerf abilities that are core to the champion 's identity . 
   funny that especially lulu and ivern are extremely op but other supports are n't as effective as them even tho everyone buys locket and redemption . 
  ivern is a problem because he 's a jungler that does n't need to itemize for the jungle and can buy cheap support items on a jungler 's income . 
  karma has almost as many games as lulu at msi and has a higher winrate . 
  but that 's how league works , you have a group of champions that all can abuse a certain build during a specific meta , the s tier that usually bring more to the table are picked more often , karma and lulu are s-tier , janna , nami , soraka are a tier since they are n't near as versatile as the first two . 
  this does n't mean the items they all abuse are n't over tuned . 
   nerf locket , redemption and destroy lulu again till they finally have a solution . 
  every time she 's strong the game is garbage ass trash unfun for every melee champ . 
  mate please , what 's wrong with having a champions/items that hard-counter assassins and melee bruisers ? 
  learn to itemize and get a qss , play around them , just because you ca n't all-in press every key kill an adc and get out does n't mean that something needs to be gutted completely . 
  this as been repeated over and over again , the passive does n't stack if it 's the same item , it does stack if its different items , it says so in the wikia , i tried it in the practice mode a couple of hours ago , and even kaylebot/shakarez confirmed it a couple of weeks ago in a thread about the support meta . 
   blazing sword is the 7th game with lyn , eliwood and hector . 
  i loved this game so much when i was younger , my top favorite gb advance game ever , and those 3 were so much more interesting and relatable than the angsty twins from sacred stones, 
  might be true , but like most of these `` stats '' by riot , correlation does not imply causation , for all we know people might only abuse their teammates verbally if they are already in a losing game . 
  xayah has 5 completed items and none of them is mortal reminder for the armor pen and healing reduction vs a fed tank maokai ... she deserved to die ... 
  i read many times rioters comment that % health damage is the easiest number to tweak when you need to nerf or buff a champion ... i do n't know if this is true since over and over again % health damage is what pushes weird picks into building tank and destroying everyone . 
  mate , she had zero armor penetration vs a 325 armor maokai ( with tabis reducing her autos by 12 % ) so her % health damage is meaningless if it all gets mitigated by all that armor , he also had spirit visage and probably the runic armor mastery that increases his healing a lot since his passive now heals for 10 % of his max health ( which was 3500hp ) , the issue , i 'll repeat , is xayah being a late game carry with 0 % armor pen and no healing reduction . 
  you can argue that having only 1 item that counters this maokai is bad game design , but in the end it 's still the other player being a monkey and not knowing how to itemize correctly . 
  but that 's the thing , you have to itemize correctly which the carry in the league clip did n't at all ( like seriously her build is garbage ) . 
  but you can argue that there 's too few items in league that help counter specific things , which is why you keep seeing the same builds over and over again . 
  tencent probably owns some rights to the song , since they are co-producers of the wonder woman movie , their films division is credited next to wb in the trailer . 
  that thread gave me cancer , i gave up responding to comments after the first 30 `` i would n't touch or pay for that shit , i only play ranked , if it was free maybe '' ... i saw a comment saying that a co-op campaign with a price tag would be pay-to-win - ____ -, 
  the new meme in the league sub is that riot are meme slayers for implementing all this things that were missing in the game , even though the client is not optimized and is missing features from the old one , the practice mode still only allows 1 person , the worst feature in the game , the rune system , is still 7 months away from being reworked . 
  but no , they gave graves back his cigar , they are our saviors !, 
  the only reason that skin is good is because you ca n't see her shitty head model that riot gave her after the visual update, 
  well it does create a stable enough balance with most heroes being picked in competitive dota . 
  [ balance in ] ( https://hydra-media.cursecdn.com/dota2.gamepedia.com/8/88/embr_move_02.mp3 ) [ all things ] ( https://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/leagueoflegends/images/c/c4/kennen.move5.ogg/revision/latest?cb=20121126180334 ) . 
  sidenote : the incredibles 2 is going to be dope as fuck, 
  is n't ow 's issue the fact that they have almost zero tournaments going on ? 
  i saw immortals retweeting a tournament their ow team was participating in for the first place grand prize of ... 1.500 $, 
  in what language is macau written like that ? 
  she looks ok , i think defense matrix would have been more interesting if it was able to deny projectile abilities or basic attacks , making it reduce damage looks like a miss opportunity . 
  and i think her mecha heroic is pretty lackluster and would had work better as her mech e-ability , while self-destruct could be her heroic but with a larger aoe explosion , it does n't feel as impactful as her self-destruct in ow . 
  i think it 's revolutionary , there 's no need in a modern moba for that pesky archaic mechanic of kiting bro . 
  i did n't even remember braum , but yeah similarly , it would be pretty neat to see d'va dash around from the side to save a teammate from a huge ability or something . 
   blizzard is so full of shit , do they really think because a team is anmed < random football club  people will watch ? 
  that 's the thing i do n't understand , city-based teams work to attach local fans to a team , which is great and all , but why would anyone not american and not following american sports , give a shit about any of these teams ? 
  at least endemic esports teams have history in multiple titles that you can be attached to , and misfits and dignitas are still a brand even if they are associated with the miami heat and 76ers . 
  from a global perspective , this sounds idiotic . 
  i do n't doubt blizzard 's ability to inflate ow 's viewer numbers , they are one of the biggest ~ ~ marketing companies ~ ~ developers in the industry . 
  put ads for it everywhere including your client , make exclusive skin drops if you watch the ow league . 
  what i do n't understand is how any of this will be sustainable :, 
  - the ow league is na exclusive for the first year * at least * , which already resulted in the cannibalization of europe with teams moving to na ( rip eu ) ;, 
  - blizzard is denying other tournaments organizers or making it super hard to create small tournaments , so you 're on a semi-pro team ? 
  well fuck you , git gud and join the blizz league otherwise you do n't deserve to get paid . 
  - now they are pushing away endemic organizations , which not only understand better the industry than blizzard and any sports team but also have huge fanbases . 
  my question is , if you are not one of the lucky 8-16 teams in the ow league , what are you supposed to do during the ow league season ? 
  they could just allow it as a custom game to play vs friends , make it a bo5 and call it a day . 
   overwatch seems to be doing well ( the subreddit has more people than r/dota2 ! ), 
  subs on reddit is not a good metric to follow , if you see the traffic for each subreddit you see that dota 's sure has less subs but has about the same number of unique daily users , and while overwatch has only less 100k subs than league 's , league has almost double the unique daily visitors . 
  subs = / = user activity, 
  what 's up with that photo ? 
  it 's like the man is being forced to smile at gun point . 
  on topic : did i miss something or was hots 2.0 just a leveling/cosmetics rework ? 
  sure new heroes and new map but that was already updates that happened during the `` beta '' , it 's not like they drastically changed anything about the game for what i 've seen . 
  i think slasher said it was just a representation of what they wanted in the future ( i.e. 
  international cities represented ) . 
  they said from the start they wanted the teams to play in eachother 's cities ( that 's why teams need to have a stadium or arena ) , it would n't make sense to have teams travel between europe and na just to play a couple of matches in a week or two , that would be expensive as fuck . 
  because in league you are in a competitive environment , go to any sport event , fuck go to a pub and see how people interact while playing pool . 
  people like to win , it 's that simple . 
  i wonder how many endemic teams will ever trust bli $ $ again after this . 
  many of these teams probably spent the last year investing large amounts of money in the overwatch grassroots scene , then blizz comes with their huge dick and says `` you either pay an absurd amount of money for an unproven league or you are out forever '' . 
  and it seems more and more that the ow league will be the only tournament going on during those months , so it 's literally impossible for smaller orgs to survive by going to other tournaments or having a second division league to participate in . 
  [ being a smug idiot like always ] ( https://twitter.com/montecristo/status/862167455564615680 ) , he gives no shits that all these small orgs are all being pushed out from the scene by the dev , which is super ironic . 
  well , to be fair he 's kinda bias . 
  immortals probably lost a huge part of their fanbase after their entire squad left last year . 
  noah wants fans to like his org and not the players in it , so that if he has to trade players the fans ( and their money ) do n't go away with him . 
  but people keep forgetting that the thing that separates normal sports from esports is that fans have way better ways to interact with players , specially if they stream , it creates a different relationship between players-fans that you do n't see in traditional sports, 
  nah , he 's an na exclusive caster now , he has to hype up the ow league and the teams in there otherwise he will get hate from the na players and will be told by bli $ $ to stfu . 
  [ they did update their icon ] ( http://i.imgur.com/xnls83t.png ) with the launch of the new client , still just an l though . 
  [ ... well someone was arrested for saying something in-game ] ( https://www.forbes.com/sites/insertcoin/2013/06/29/texas-teen-facing-eight-years-after-violent-league-of-legends-threat/#470513aa4037 ), 
  if you play enough arams eventually you will see people build incredibly weird shit but strangely effective in champions that usually do n't have access to much gold , including lichbane lulu , on-hit bard etc etc. 
  simple kit = / = braindead , renekton he has clear counters , can easily be punished in lane , and falls off late game to mitigate is early game . 
  are you salty because some croc touched your ninja in a bad place ? 
  when people say that renekton fall offs late game is not exclusively because of his damage , renekton is a great duelist and great in small skirmishes but sucks in teamfights , he has a piss poor engage without flash , and he can be easily kited during teamfights if your support is decent enough to peel . 
  meanwhile an adcs job is to auto the closest enemy while having another player next to you whose entire job is to keep you alive at all costs ... 
  pretty much , if the prices that are being thrown around are real , then if the ow league fails it might result in the first big esports bubble . 
  most scenes would be ok since they are small enough to not be affected yet , and in the case of dota as far as i know there 's not much vc money in the scene . 
  but cs : go and league will see their investors probably back off , teams will be unable to pay the salaries that are currently in the scene and everything will go back to 3-4 years ago . 
  sure , cause saying most bruisers and tanks are braindead is such an illuminating statement on its own . 
   selling drugs during the live games is one way . 
  mate have you ever visited their main sub ? 
  all blizz has to do is make a random drop for a skin and every single person will tune in , just look at all the cross promotion they keep doing with hots . 
  the issue is that it 's not sustainable , once everybody gets what they want or you keep making skins or you pray that the people keep watching for actual genuine interest in the pro scene . 
  the most interesting part, 
   `` we 're also going to combine delivery of our spectator content with unique advertising opportunities that includes the ability for advertisers to have better targeting and analytics , much more than what you would see in traditional forms of broadcast advertising today , '' he said . 
  holy shit i think the lunatics are actually going to make it mlgtv exclusive :o, 
   league esports watchers are obviously dropping , and riot needs to do something . 
  - viewer fatigue , too many meaningless matches for 90 % of the year .
