  offtopic : how to tilt dmr = [ they made a `` top 10 most addicting multiplayer games '' and put dota and league together ] ( https://youtu.be/ux51uq-rrww?t=4m54s ), 
   it 's a nice bonus , but the way it 's applied is n't very reliable, 
  he can apply it with ult , both incoming and when he redirects the ram , that 's definitely how the debuff will be applied most of the times since the hitbox is huge, 
  well , let 's be honest , most of the new stuff riot makes falls in the `` yeah that 's neat but it 's so situational that rarely will actually matter '' , right now brittle works as a mark for ornn to deal damage , which yet again goes against riot 's own damn philosophy , their released a tank , which in theory should and could be a cc king that would increase other people 's cc by a fair amount , which fall in line with their new definition of tanks . 
  but , they probably saw that ornn did n't have enough viable damage to duel people in lane so reduced the amount of cc increase brittle gives , and gave it an high damage proc . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's still happening , they invited arc system works during evo to go to their studios . 
  when they were working on their table top game they also invited a bunch of tabletop game people to consult and give their options about the game . 
  that design philosophy is starting to annoy me , mostly because it waterdowns interesting concepts that could otherwise be really really cool . 
  i seriously doubt riot would release that in-depth data for the same reason blizzard `` randomly '' stopped giving data about wow 's subs and do n't give active playerbase numbers for hots or overwatch . 
  according to the news that came out recently , fnatic would n't be allowed to be called london fnatic , no owl team can keep their brand name for their ow teams . 
  case in point : sunshine , people love to shit on the movie mostly because of it turning into a slasher in the third act . 
  but , them going to icarus i made sense in the context the characters were in , they even debate the issue logically , instead of `` we are going there because i want to '' . 
  still , even though i hate the premise that resulted in them going there , i hate even more the rest of the movie , it was a total mess when it came to the character , i had no idea who the fuck was who aside from bruce banner , ripley-light and that stoner comedy dude . 
  also making the aliesn exclusively cgi irked me beyond believe as someone that loves all the technical aspects of alien and aliens . 
  and i still do n't understand how covenant is supposed to result in the first alien . 
  you can see how much time and money you spent in league [ if you log in here ] ( http://privacy.riotgames.com/en_us/ ), 
  small note : 99,99 % of the times i will not be sending an english cv . 
  that 's a fair complaint , i rarely do these things thinking how it will look printed . 
  what ? 
  why ? 
  isnt ' the uk pretty much the only western country with more dota players than league players ? 
  also , the political climate will only fuck up things for the orgs , since they will probably have to deal with a bunch of more bureaucracy to conduct business outside of the eu 's economic region . 
  dude , have you seen the recent chromas ? 
  [ party amumu 's chromas ] are more skins than deadly and swamp kennen lol . 
  the level system is n't getting removed , you now can level up and get rewards for each level , like overwatch . 
  other than that , the video explains that they are merging ip and blue essence to be the same thing , so old players that spent ip/money on runes/rune pages before 2017 will receive x amount of blue essence for each . 
  and they will open for a limited amount of time a blue essence store that will allow players to use that blue essence ( previously ip ) they have saved up to buy skins/icons/chromas etc. 
  slowly realizing they are n't getting as many new players as before so they need to create as many progression systems as possible for people to constantly get rewards and feel like they are doing something ... besides , you know , play their game . 
  i guess so , otherwise could you imagine how many levels and per consequence how many loot boxes people that reached level 30 in 2012/2013 would get ? 
  lol i guess everyone that is already level 30 will start receiving xp again from their games , and with each level you receive a different reward . 
  20 after they increased the bans - 5 bans per team ( 10 ) + 5 champions picked per team ( 10 ) . 
  there 's no more masteries , only runes now , and yes apparently you have access to all runes from level 1 , lets see if summoner 's are also available at level 1 , i know they are restricted now for no fucking reason . 
  in the current system you ca n't really jungle when you start , smite is only unlockable at level 10 according to the wikia , and without smite you ca n't buy the jungle items , and without the jungle items you only get 50 % of the exp from the jungle camps you otherwise would get . 
  honest question , are you on the new client team announced recently or did you move on to other stuff ? 
  yeah , low-eco is not really a thing in league , the 2 roles with the lowest gold income are the junglers and the supports and riot in the last couple of years make it easier for their income to be higher , because players do n't like felling starved . 
  case in point : supports are the only role with gold generating items , and support items are on average 1k-1 .5 k gold cheaper than every other prime item in the game . 
  also , riot last year released a technically low-eco jungler , ivern , which was supposed to be a fully support-utility jungler , and he broke the game , since a support champion with the income of a jungler ( also the fact that he did n't actually have to fight jungle camps ) , meant that by the 10 minutes mark he could have finished 2 high impact support items . 
  he has since then been nerfed to the ground as well as those support items ... because #rito ` sbalance, 
  but you can change the runes in the pick/ban lobby , so now is really just a luxury if you do n't want to bother changing them while you pick the champion . 
  debatable , both dota and hots have systems that allow you to adapt your individual pick strategy with their talents , riot just prefers that adaptation to happen before the game starts , also riot 's future keystones can change the gameplay much more drastically than dota/hots talents ( well i have n't touched hots in a while so i do n't know how their talents changed recently ), 
  i like it but no it should n't even be compared with all-star superman . 
  i did love how landis decided to work with different artists to represent different periods of clarks life , with nick dragotta and francis manapul being my personal favorites . 
  really cool , but your original concept arts are way more interesting in my opinion , i would love to see more champions with the same nature themes of bard/kindred/ivern and these concepts you made ( [ concept 1 ] ( https://www.artstation.com/artwork/zwa1d ) ; [ concept 2 ] ( https://www.artstation.com/artwork/p206n ) ) are really something i would love to see more in league , the fiora 's younger sister needs something to differentiate her more from her big sister though :p, 
  thanks , yes i know i 'm already trying to make it lighter after reading some of the other tips . 
  i have my photo on both pages , it 's the black hexagon , i just black it out because i really do n't want to be associated with my reddit account lol . 
  yes , but that 's an item , a completely different system ( which hots does n't even have ) , you do n't have much choice around the enhancement that aghs gives . 
  also , congratz you won na lcs , ca n't wait for you to get dumpstered by asian squads at worlds yet again . 
  this applies to all eu and na teams not just tsm . 
  it reached around [ 400k according to people in this thread ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/6xw80z/is_lcs_viewership_down/ ) , still , it 's fucking obvious that viewership is declining in league , there 's several reasons :, 
  - decline in playerbase ( which could be why riot is pushing so much the `` new player experience '' ), 
  - boring meta , like always league only has 1 dominant meta , currently is 2 or 3 tanks + 2 hyper carries ( most of the times 2 adcs mid and bot ) , which results in low kill scores and extended fights of people tickling eachother until someone gets caught and gets blown up . 
  - people are burned of lol esports , there 's almost no change , tsm just one their 6th split , 3rd in a row , while g2 won 4 splits in a row right now . 
  meanwhile , both of these teams will go to worlds and get fucked harder than cersei fucks her brother , by the koreans , why should you get hyped for any western squad when they barely can get out of groups ? 
  well that bridge was just burned with the na lcs franchise , do n't ever expect the possibility of more international competition in league now . 
  but it was too high , they were asking a 20 million fee , then riot announced their own na franchise and suddenly the fee was dropped to 5 million initially and the rest over the course of several years . 
  i 'm not arguing that na has also low viewership , but you ca n't forget that europe as 3 or 4 times the playerbase of na . 
  and even if you say `` yeah but eu players watch na but that does n't happen the otherway around '' , well maybe that 's also one of the core issues , why does n't eu attract viewers from other regions ? 
  in my opinion is because almost nothing happens before the 15 minute marks , sure there 's a few trades and ganks but these almost never result in a kill , just people blowing summoner 's and then playing even extra safe for the duration of the cooldowns . 
  from a viewer point of view it 's the lane swap meta all over again, 
  and eu fell from 1 million to 360k in 2 years , does that make it better because it took longer ? 
  those are both huge drops and riot should be worried about them . 
  i ca n't actually find the viewer numbers of 2016 , so i ca n't confirm if we were getting similar numbers last year . 
  actually he states a pretty interesting point , ignoring the fact that rioter is a dumbfuck for thinking that ping spamming is permabanned material when riot gives you the option of mute pings . 
  the ban was triggered by a false report , according to riot all permabans are done by an actual person , but they will probably look at all the reports and decide if it warrants a permaban or not , the inflicting report that triggered the process of permaban probably does n't matter and wo n't be taken into account , but it still shows up in the warning that you got permabanned , that 's why can see so many people getting banned and the game that riot uses to justify your ban is either something mild or they barely said anything in that particular game . 
  this is ridiculous , just like lazarus says , this pretty much ignores the probation period if the triggering report does n't matter , you could have been the nicest person in the world for 1 month but someone reported you for playing teemo jungle , if you had enough reports from before that month you can still be permabanned . 
   pantheon = atreus of rakkor ( name of possessed body ), 
  ... hmm did i miss something ? 
  pantheon is now a demon ? 
  there 's a button next to the regular chat mute that mutes pings . 
  he 's apparently [ `` was chosen to become the earthly incarnation of the celestial aspect of war . 
  '' ] ( http://na.leagueoflegends.com/en/site/mount-targon/pantheon.html ) , i really fucking hate the websites riot does for this stories , i ca n't be bothered to read more than the first paragraph . 
  lol i do n't know if people in these thread are too naive , but the simple answer is : because they can and [ because $ $ $ $ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=texatquvqac ) , it 's not something related to the game , it 's a luxury , so they can make it that expensive without people bitching too much . 
  i 'm actually slightly offended that i apparently was n't worth enough for an automated bot message d :, 
  on one hand , eu lcs was what made me start watching esports a few years ago . 
  on the other hand , riot eu are incredibly incompetent and eu lcs is boring as fuck to watch because i do n't give a shit about 70 % of the players and nothing happens in the first 20 minutes of every game , so yes , please let g2/fnatic/h2k go to na lcs , i might actually even start watching na lcs again . 
  ocelote confirmed the other week that they are trying to get into dota , after they got those huge investments coming in . 
  you need to hype up the western teams otherwise nobody will watch worlds , it 's the same shit every single year . 
  i wonder how low the western viewership will be this year , with worlds happening in china the schedule will be pretty rough for europe and na and with 4 straight years of korean dominance i do n't think many people will care to watch another semi-finals and finals with only asian squads . 
  chinese viewers do n't save a declining western viewership , league is only the `` biggest game in the world '' because of china , if you only count the western viewers , league is pretty close to cs : go and dota . 
  and i 'm sorry but as a western viewer and player i care much more about western viewership than chinese viewership . 
  honestly , aside from a few outliers most runes are either shit options or exactly the same as previous masteries . 
  people are saying riot is breaking the game , all i see is them playing super safe ( and boring ) with the new rune system . 
  as much as this sub likes to qualify itself as the main hub on reddit for quality gaming discussion , it 's still pretty much extremely mainstream , so everything that is hyped gets constantly posted , it happened with witcher , zelda , dark souls 3 , ffs you still have weekly overwatch posts , including just random patch notes , even thought / r/overwatch has more subs than / r/games ... 
  hey !, 
  some people like [ big feet ] ( http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/leagueoflegends/images/4/41/pantheon_render.png/revision/latest?cb=20150313002901 ), 
  with eu lcs viewership declining ( finals had 362k viewers ) , they decided to dilute even more the competitive scene and increase the amount of games that people will not give a shit to see since watching fnatic play vs a national league squad is fucking garbage . 
  and they address the issues of teams not having revenue sources ... by increasing the amount of orgs that will need those revenue sources . 
  seriously riot eu needs to be fired , this is beyond ridiculous . 
  eu lcs is getting an average 80k viewers in their regular matches , you can divide that by 4 , and 20k viewers is already good enough per stream . 
  if it 's good enough for blizzard 's 20 million league , it 's good enough for rito stupid idea !, 
  according to themselves , [ esportcharts does track all language streams ] ( https://twitter.com/esportscharts/status/904423613457158144 ), 
  what do you mean ? 
  it 's not like they previously showed to make decisions that resulted in slowly killing the second biggest scene in league . 
  i do n't see any decline of viewership after :, 
  - they decided to go to bo2, 
  - decided to make it a dual stream ( while ditching the main rioteu channel and all it 's subs ), 
  - decided to make it into 2 conferences to lock the top teams from playing eachother and improving . 
  also , it obviously resulted in better performance of eu squads , just look how much they have accomplished since fnatic/origen in 2015 !, 
  i would argue the only p2w aspect of the old rune system was the rune pages , ignoring the fact that the most expensive runes were ip dumps that were either incredibly situational or just straight up garbage ( i.e. 
  time-dead runes lol ) , rune pages were the only thing that actually gave you an advantage in champ select , since you could more easily min-max the best page for a specific match up .
