  not only are these fuckers still pushing the 30m accounts created as active users , but they also make it seem they have 30 million potential pro-players , this is straight up delusional . 
  ^ ^ #praiseblizzard, 
  the 8k is probably comparing with the 75k minimum salary that riot is implementing next year for their na franchise ( no idea how much of those 75k are coming out of riot 's pocket ) . 
  scarra said a couple of months ago that na lcs players right now are all already getting 100k + a year , and challenger players get in average 60k a year . 
  rumors said that reignover is the best paid league player in the west with a 700k salary ( cause team liquid loves burning money ), 
  but as far as i know , they actually pay partly the salaries of hots players right ? 
  at least when they announced it for hots i remember people saying it , there 's no such thing in their press announcement for owl, 
  apparently there 's a list of people that will perform at worlds 2017 , because i think the chinese government has to approve all live performances if i 'm correct . 
  if this is right , then we can probably find out who is performing this years world 's theme song , unless it 's actually jay chou . 
  i ca n't find the list anywhere . 
  [ evil geniuses ( eg ) is an esports organization based in san francisco . 
  founded in 1999 , ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evil_geniuses ), 
   ( out of 30 million ), 
  blizzard sure is good at throwing this number around without saying anything significant about it . 
  do you honestly think there 's 30 million proplayers ? 
  besides the point of that number being only accounts created since blizzard wo n't be releasing active numbers any time soon , only the top 0,1 % ( and this is being generous ) of the playerbase should be seriously considered potential pro-players . 
  i still want to see blizzard 's investment in the overwatch league , it 's their premier league , which will serve as a huge publicity mechanism for their game and their company , yet they will run it at zero cost since everything will be paid by the orgs participating in the league . 
  but hey , it looks very pretty for blizzard to enforce minimum salaries and other benefits when it 's not coming out of their pocket . 
  i mean it 's genius of them , gamble the orgs money and if it does n't work you are not the one getting burned . 
  you know active numbers is the same as concurrent players right ? 
  which valve does give for all their titles , you can literally go look it up right now , it 's public information . 
  riot once in a full moon also decides to say their number , it 's active unique players per month though , not as useful as concurrent users but it 's something . 
  blizzard meanwhile keeps quoting their `` accounts created '' number to sell their overwatch league , which is misleading at best if not irresponsible . 
  and it 's straight up a lie to put it up and say that those 30 million accounts created are all potential pro-players . 
  honestly , i just find the lcs format boring to watch , i used to watch it religiously 3 years ago , now i barely watch a single eu match , and only watch hyped na matches . 
  the long tournament format just sucks , playoffs are the only time the lcs is entertaining, 
  exactly , i understand while the lcs structure is good for sponsors and teams , but it sucks for the viewer , too many meaningless matches every single week , specially now with the bo3 system . 
  `` to start , all 30 million + overwatch players ( that are of majority age and otherwise eligible to play ) are considered potential free agents with respect to the overwatch league . '', 
  ~ blizzard, 
  did you read the article ? 
  going by the overall decline in viewership , the regular season is n't for a lot of people . 
   he kinda reminds me of sion in league but even less exciting . 
  you consider the new reworked sion not exciting ? 
  i seriously hope they change at least the color pallete of the map like they did with previous events , the colorful arcade models look so weird against the `` softer '' colors of sr. 
  there 's nothing to `` get '' ... it 's just a new hots hero , criticize his kit if you want , ignore if you do n't care :|, 
  ok , downvote away m ` lord, 
  oh ok , sorry , i agree , sion 's abilities are pretty simplistic when it comes to gameplay mechanics , i thought you were talking about it from a visual/effects standpoint since you mentioned animations . 
  how can noah believe in stricter region locking but at the same time , waste 5 million ( at least ) in another `` international '' league with absolutely no form of region locking ? 
  both nemesis draft and one for all unlock all champions to play , why are people in that sub so fucking idiotic ? 
  god , i can already see all the bullshit throwing that will happen from both sides of the aisle if they introduce xavin in the show . 
  they will have trans people bitching because it a crude representation of transgenderism because they ca n't `` just change genders at will like xavin '' and you will have the alt-right saying that it 's marvel trying to push the `` liberal agenda '' yet again by normalizing trans people ... insert bisexual relationship at it 's the perfect internet shitstorm . 
  i still think hots is wasted potential because blizzard insisted on riding dota/league 's wave , the heroes feel better suited for a brawler similar to battlerite ( aside from a few heroes that have interesting mechanics suited for bigger maps ) . 
  i personally had more fun playing in their arena maps than the traditional maps . 
  you ca n't really count the op.gg numbers , it was discussed a few months ago how op.gg did n't reset the ranked numbers for most servers aside from na , so the numbers showing up are for all account that played at least 1 ranked game last season + all the accounts that played this season . 
  for how long will he be getting that $ $ $ $ with a subpar performance ? 
  the contract he got was riding the hype from his synergy with huni in fnatic and immortals , right now he just looks like an overpaid middle of the pack na jungler . 
  seriously they really came out of nowhere with incredibly well produced content both interviews and video analysis , did they belong to a previous news organization ? 
  it 's kinda weird for a start up to be so ... professional . 
  1 ) [ link said thread ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/6q4n09/skin_concept_volcanic_anivia/ ), 
  2 ) besides both being flaming birds because they are both based on the pheonix archetype , they are pretty different dude ... 
  3 ) ( edit ) [ the skin concept in question in case people just wan na see it ] ( https://cdna.artstation.com/p/assets/images/images/006/789/870/large/vlx-bacescu-1.jpg?1501253500 ), 
  according to rumors a couple of months ago blizzard said there wo n't be any revenue sharing until 2022 ... 
  to be fair they had deman working for them , and julia hardy also probably helped with the logistics for bbc and their production team . 
  it was very well done by them . 
  i 'll repost my comment from a couple of days ago about this topic :, 
   seriously do n't understand this type of mentality , esports are still a niche culture inside of gaming in general , maybe try to take esports into mainstream gaming before you try to take it into mainstream sports . 
  john doe , sports fanatic , is way less likely to change channel to a cs : go tournament and stop to watch it than gamer `` xxxcod420xxx '' that already understands certain gaming notions and genre tropes and can more easily identify what 's happening on screen . 
   this dumb chasing the rabbit of the non-gamers is a waste of money and time and might actually colapse the industry if they push it too hard because investors will see no roi , the actual esports holy grail is attracting even more the demographic that spends hours and hours watching youtubers playing games , why does nobody point out to the ridiculous amount of views that cod youtubers get , yet cod esports is still a tier 3 esports ? 
  bring gamers into esports and then you can start thinking about `` the mainstream '', 
  it was a mutual agreement , the writers wanted to reduce his screen time in the show since they really did n't know what to do with him , and tj miller wanted to be out because he was n't enjoying it much anymore , i think he talked about it in that youtube show hot ones . 
  what kind of logic is that ? 
  being a player does n't automatically mean you watch the esport scene from the game you play . 
  according to a newzoo study , [ around 50 % of people playing dota/cs/league do not watch professional gaming ] ( https://newzoo.com/insights/articles/esports-franchises-70-watch-only-one-game-and-42-dont-play/ ) , please throw at me again their player numbers to show how mainstream it is when not even the people playing them are watching them . 
  also [ amanda palmer 's song ( nsfw ) ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oiaffx0x04k ) , how many daily mail songs are there ? 
  well making everything op and broken works as a balance system for dota , also , to be honest , the last 2 patches where riot just buffed pretty much everything , made the game so much more fun that it has been for the last year . 
  edit : when i say op is just that every thing has a bigger impact in dota , it 's overpowered when put in the context of abilities and items in league of legends , i 'm not arguing that they are overpowered in dota . 
  when i say op is just that every thing has a bigger impact in dota , it 's overpowered when put in the context of abilities and items in league of legends , i 'm not arguing that they are overpowered in dota . 
  azael probably played the original dota , he 's an old wow arena player/caster if i recall correctly, 
  i explained what i meant in another comment , i only mean that stuff in dota when put in the context of league of legends would be considered overpowered compared to current stats . 
  lol that riot spaghetti code strikes again ... oh wait ... 
  i have to edit my comment -_-, 
   when i say op is just that every thing has a bigger impact in dota , it 's overpowered when put in the context of abilities and items in league of legends , i 'm not arguing that they are overpowered in dota . 
  also , it 's only situationally better , as a jungle kayn you have the option to roam the map and get orbs for the specific transformation you want . 
  with lane kayn you only have 1 target , if you want a different transformation you still have to wait those 4 extra minutes to transform to the other one . 
  this the shit i hate the most about dzk and he represents everything that dmr thinks of riot games , he makes a champion and forces the players to play it exactly has he envisioned it , anything that goes against his mental idea of how to play it is a bug that must be removed . 
  why is he even bothering with this shit , maybe focus on balancing the champion he created first , right now 99 % of the time the darkin form is way better . 
  ... yes , let 's dilute even more that great na talent pool . 
  if they ever want to increase the number of teams they have to open up more import slots . 
  na is only the 4th largest server and almost 5th with brazil increasing in the last couple of years , they ca n't sustain having so many squads in the lcs . 
  the thing i do n't understand is that they have a playtesting team , why are n't they doing these interactions like vandiril ( random youtube guy ) does with every new release ? 
  is n't that their exact fucking job ? 
  either them or the head of their department should be fired . 
  as much as i would like to shit on liefeld as an artist/writer , for me he still will have a legacy as a founder of image comics , which made possible for a new generation of independent artists and writers to do some of the best graphic novels produced in the last 2 decades . 
  last year g2 made a deal with mtv spain to have a reality show called gamers based on their g2 vodafone squad ( 2nd division team ... kinda ) , not sure if it ever aired , i do n't watch mtv much less mtv spain . 
  and i guess those mini-docs that team liquid / tsm do could be considered reality shows . 
  so technically is not the first reality show for league , i just find it odd that australia is doing it , they are one of the smallest playerbase regions , sounds like a waste of money . 
   no 3 paragraph descriptions of skills . 
  dzk literally made a thread here asking help to explain his phase shift ability because it had like 5 paragraphs explaining it . 
  it 's time for riot to select a core group of champions to give for free , similar to hots , i do n't ever expect riot to make all champions free like dota , but having 135 + champions that need to be earn with the vast majority being over 3k ip is terrifying to new players . 
  give 4 champions per role , equal to 20 , the number needed to access draft pick and ranked queue , and remove those 20 from the free rotation ( obviously ) . 
  just select the most basic and cheap champions , some of them are already only 450 - 1350 , there 's no reason to not give them for free . 
  from a legal standpoint i do n't think they are considered riot employees since their contracts are with their teams , this might change next year with the franchise since players get 1/3 revenue share from the franchise which means they will probably have some contract directly with the lcs . 
  and why not ? 
  it 's just a different `` free rotation '' , players do n't get to keep those champions , which is what i mean . 
  how , when they have no monetary contract with riot ? 
  they probably have to sign an ethics and conduct contract to participate in the lcs , but even their salaries that are partly paid by riot are given directly to the team first which then gives it to the players . 
  they are n't employees since riot does n't directly pay them . 
  that rotation changes between regions and from time to time , according to their faqs . 
  i 'm saying that giving for free the 13 450ip champions and 7 1350 ip champions would at least give them some control over the initial experience of new players . 
  also their excuse has always been they do n't want to overwhelm players , but 20 choices until level 6 ( which then would open up the 10 extra free rotation champions ) seems good enough for a new player .
