  riot gives through their business contract with the teams , x amount of a money pool to pay salaries of players and coaches , they do n't pay directly the players , from a legal standpoint that 's very different . 
  if a team decides to kick / `` fire '' a player , riot has nothing to do with it since they are not their employer . 
  i agree with you , but like i said , i know riot will never just make all champions free since it 's part of their core business plan , but at least giving the necessary champions to play draft pick , which is the essential league of legends experience ( blind pick is garbage ) , would be at least something i guess ... 
  worlds officially a better produced tournament than ti !, 
  there 's 13x 450 ip champions and 22x 1350 ip champions ... for comparison sake , there 's currently 32x 6300 ip champions, 
  it 's possible , something feels `` off '' when watching it , and i almost never get affected by other shaky cam movies , they annoy me but never make me feel `` ill '', 
  that 's actually a pretty interesting perspective , it 's definitely one of the reasons why i avoid horror movies , some scores/atmosphere give me too much anxiety , which i guess is exactly why some people love horror movies . 
  well , they are actually refunding 50 % of the rp spent on rune pages , which they initially had not intention of doing , that 's something i guess ... 
  just a reminder , none of us actually own any virtual good we buy , no league of legend skin , not steam game , if tomorrow either of those companies went under and their servers died , we would lose access to the goods we spent money on , same shit with psn and xbl, 
  but if they remove the game from steam and you do n't have it downloaded you lose access to it , like it happened on psn already , publisher removed the game from the store and people that bought the game lost access to it if they did n't have it downloaded already, 
  i ca n't take seriously ghostcrawler saying they care about the visual identity of champions , just look at the bird lovers , there was a lcs game with rakan and xayah with their galaxy skins + taliyah with her frozen skin in the same team and they all looked the same at first glance , it was super confusing . 
  some dashes with a cast time do n't get interrupted , as in tristana 's jump/jarvan 's e-q/leona 's zenith , there 's also the weird interaction with auto-enhancers which will deal the effect if the auto animation started before the cc hit , such as hecarim 's charge which will damage and knock back , and ekko 's dive will blink him anyway . 
  that 's exactly what the guy above you wants to avoid lol, 
  tl ; dr : when chimp uses dash ability he gets removed from the game , in it 's place hundreds of invisible minions will make a line from point a to point b , after reaching a certain number of minions equal to the presumed distance traveled , chimp will be summoned back to the game and the minions will be killed . 
  ... the scary part is that this might not be a joke . 
  another game that can compete with cs : go in any way , it could have been siege , but that game imploded . 
  it 's interesting how dota and league keep diverging more and more even in their esports scenes , with dota going full head-on to a multi-lan circuit and league starting their franchise next year , both systems have good and bad aspects , but i still think the lcs system is bloody awful and boring as a viewer , the regular season matches ( which means 6 months of the year , 3 per split ) are almost meaningless , with only playoffs having any real importance , i wonder if the decline of viewership will be more evident once the franchise starts . 
  the multi-lan system with bigger and smaller tournaments at least makes most matches engaging to the viewer since they all matter for that specific context . 
  honestly after reading about the body horror movie trank wanted to do with fantastic 4 i 'm kinda sad that the studio tried to control him so much :\\ seriously the old `` happy family '' narrative for that team has been done and people got bored of it , like many say nowadays , the incredibles is the best fantastic 4 movie ever done , they should have allowed him to push it into new territories like he wanted . 
  fnatic and g2 are currently without any doubt the 2 biggest eu orgs , and they want out of the eu , which means losing at least 3/5 of their squad ( because they can only take 2 players as imports , and lose a ton of their fans , that says a lot about how shitty the eu lcs is right now . 
  he 's been playing professionally since 2013 according to gamepedia , he 's hardly a random soloq player , lz probably talked to any of the previous coaches/squads he worked with . 
  ignoring some more obvious choices, 
  ** fire emblem **, 
  the first english gba fire emblem game , i have no idea why but i felt super attached to the characters in that game and their stories , i really did n't want any of them to die , which made the game frustrating at times , but i still loved it . 
  in theory riot na esports and riot eu esports and separate entities that decided everything for themselves , there is a benefit for na riot to allow the applications , fnatic and g2 are huge , they have a ton of fans and experience with marketing , misfits and splyce are two logic orgs to allow since they are originally na orgs , who happened to get teams in eu lcs , from a logistical standpoint , both misfits and splyce should be allowed into the na lcs since it would easier for them to manage their team . 
  also , did you forget that dig got relegated and was out of the lcs for almost 2 years ? 
  well , if peke keeps his mother has his team 's manager yes i agree that they will never get back to lcs . 
  but that 's exactly the issue with eu lcs , people ca n't never feel attached to teams because they change so often , eu lcs is slowly dying it makes perfect sense for the teams at the top to jump ship while they can . 
  it 's important to note that less viewers in a single market like north america is way more important for sponsors than more viewers in multiple markets with different languages , like europe . 
   per user , dota players are more lucrative and this shows as the ti pool grows each year to ever more disgusting numbers . 
  that 's not true , you ca n't use the ti pool as representative of $ per player , specially since there 's no compendium in league . 
  according to superdata they estimated that riot made 1.7 billion in 2016 while dota made 260 million . 
  again this is just estimations by a third party financial research company with no direct access to data from either riot or valve , but you still ca n't say that per user dota 2 makes more money than league just based on the compendium sales . 
   i really enjoy dota 's international system ( and have since i started playing dota back in 2013 ) but i do n't see how you can somehow look at riot 's ( slowly ) growing viewership numbers and interpret that as a `` decline in viewership '' . 
  their viewership numbers are certainly slowing in growth ( possibly stagnating for worlds especially ) , but do not make the common pitfall of interpreting that as a decrease in viewership , especially for each specific league . 
  worlds is not representative of the league of legends pro-scene , it 's only 1 month while lcs last for 7 ~ 8 months of the year , and the lcs viewership is most definitely decreasing , specially in eu , the summer playoffs and finals are coming up in the next few weeks , lets see how it fairs in viewership compared to 2014/2015 when league was in its height . 
  also brazil is still growing because it 's one of the youngest servers , so they get more new players than in eu and na . 
  honestly if riot are smart they would :, 
  make lcs the western league of legends championship ( instead of having na and eu lcs ), 
  remove imports limits for european players ( obviously ), 
  invest in the regional leagues in europe , almost every country has a national league right now , or in the case of norway/sweden/finland they have a scandinavian tournament called ragnarok i think . 
  they could even sponsor a tournament during the summer with the top teams from every national league and the winner would get a spot at worlds . 
  i know it 's cheaper for them to have an in-house animation studio , but their quality is really subpar honestly , this one and the birdpeople trailer was definitely worse animation-wise when compared with previous stuff they released . 
  the cs scene is 17 years old and in some tournaments the vast majority of people there are teens . 
  they still made 1.7 billion last year according to superdata , also , if your game has too shitty graphics to sell your champs/skins by themselves you are better off making cinematics that represent said skins in hopes of tricking people, 
  apparently there was [ another thread ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/6r1ssv/dota_2s_the_international_2017_dota_2_worlds/ ) 15 hours ago announcing ti , and it did n't end up well . 
  riot [ does know it 's demographic ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejzx3cgiia8 ), 
  well you wan na know the worst part , league of legends does n't even have a website that tracks champions picked in competitive anymore since esportswiki was killed . 
  it was made by them , for the release of the star guardian skins set, 
  wait , so you actually thought that pentakill was a real band with just very weird geeky videos ? 
  it 's a fictitious band similar to dethklok ( or gorillaz i guess ) that riot games created as a set of in-game cosmetics/skin for their game . 
  the main vocalist ( the weird grim reaper looking dude ) is actually j\u00f8rn lande, 
  pretty much , but like / u/werdernator said , it 's pretty much just a publicity stunt to make money . 
  their in-house music studio does n't do much during most of the year so they are free to experiment with whatever they want , the guys that produced this album , also produced an orchestral album , a bunch of edm/house tracks with other known artists , produced a song with imagine dragons , etc. 
  but at least they give away all the music they produced for free . 
  they actually do n't , i checked , it 's incredibly outdated . 
  there 's literally no public website where you can see up to date pick and bans stats for any of the major league tournaments . 
  dude , a rioter responded to that guy saying that they only decided to increase it to 14 free champions after seeing the thread asking for it 2 days ago . 
  that theory that someone here said that jack was just hyping up the owleague in hopes of forcing riot 's hand into creating their own franchise is becoming more and more a possibility . 
  `` and esports people ... jesse cox '', 
  ... like , nothing against jesse , but how is he an `` esports person '' , he owned a unsuccessful team in a tier 3 esport game , and actively trash talks said scene . 
  overall this looks cringy as fuck , like most youtube red `` originals '', 
  apparently it 's being produced by `` esport person '' jesse cox , so i guess hots-like . 
  it was around the time riot was forcing `` dynamic queue '' down people 's throats , and after lying about intending to bring back soloq , everybody was throwing shit at riot , and the korean community was pretty much boycotting the game thanks to the removal of soloq and the plague of scripters in their server at the time . 
  overwatch does n't have 30 million copies sold , please show me a source directly from blizzard saying it 's `` copies sold '' , they always put it as `` accounts created '' which is a big fucking difference , since you could easily create multiple accounts in pc bangs and on consoles as far as i know . 
  he proved himself over and over again as a sci-fi writer though , with 28 days later , sunshine ( controversial i guess ) , dredd , and ex machina . 
  also he wrote the story for a pretty neat game called enslaved , based on the monkey king 's journey to the west but in a post apocalyptic world mixed with terminator . 
  garland 's writting and andy serkis 's acting were definitely the best things about the game . 
  riot initially gave a bunch of promises that they would implement new revenue streams , including crowdsourcing the worlds prizepool , this was in september . 
  yet , in november , a couple of weeks after blizzcon ( where the ow league was announced ) , 18 lcs teams signed an open letter making a bunch of demands including asking for financial stability ( i.e. 
  franchise ) . 
   i always smile and agree at the end of the movie when aldo says , `` this might just be my masterpiece . '', 
  it 's also kinda tarantino saying it , since it jump cuts to his credit as the director immediately after aldo says it . 
  the only reason they are pushing the inhumans so fucking hard is because they do n't have the rights to the x-men , last time i checked them doing it in the comics is not going so well either . 
  fanmade shorts are definitely a great way to scout up and coming directors nowadays , just look at dan trachtenberg , from a no name dude that made a pretty neat [ portal short ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4drucg1a6xk ) , to directing one of the best movies of 2016 while under j.j. abram 's wing ( and one of the best episodes of the 3rd season of black mirror ) . 
  ... it 's across all blizzard titles , i had to fucking register to that stupid financial counseling website to access this shit , here :, 
   given this sizable over-performance and confidence in our plans , we are raising our outlook for the year . 
  let 's start with audience reach , which was 407 million monthly active users this quarter . 
  blizzard did not have any new full game releases this quarter , yet a strong stream of content updates across blizzard franchises drove an all-time mau record of 46 million , up 38 % from last year and up 12 % from the last quarter . 
  blizzard 's community has now more than doubled in maus since early 2015 , underscoring the ability to grow audience reach across the portfolio of platforms , regions , genres and business models . '', 
  lol , he literally did n't dick sucked the game nor riot enough to warrant having his thread up xd, 
  i did it in 2 years while ignoring my masters and with the help of a lot of alcohol , and i think i only bought jinx with rp , do i win a prize ? 
  is league 's meta so boring that the actual meta game is owning all champs ? 
  like ... riot might try to enforce roles , but it 's not like you ca n't play shit in other positions , no where near at the same level you do in dota , but you do have specific champions that are able to be played in roles they were n't originally intended to be played in , ziggs bot being the most recent obvious outlier . 
  the worst part is even after grinding years for that shit , if riot tomorrow said `` ok we want to be decent and we are going to make all champions free for now on '' , i would think `` well fucking finally '' yet , that fucking sub would be a shit storm of entitled retards bitching about wanting their ip and money back , and the smaller shitstorm of aram only players bitching about being harder to get the champions they want . 
  ogn had literally decades [ to improve their shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9kjch__orm ) , also something that most other production companies seem to miss is how to exploit their intros to create narratives , [ like their 2017 spring split teaser ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ggrvcesouxy ) , which was all about the reverse exodus of koreans playing back to lck and the tigers players breaking up into 4 different squads ( rip never forget ; _ , 
  no problem , i loved all the little details in the card game scene between graves and tf , like the lingering shot of tf 's conniving smile , it 's something that you expect from the character but it 's pretty hard to convey in-game . 
  btw i got a huge game of throne vibe from the short ( probably because i 've been binge watching the entire show again ) but the atmosphere felt very got ` y , teen graves looking slightly like gendry also helped . 
  sidenote : i was 100 % expecting the camera to focus on baby-graves face and see him with a tiny mustache , i was slightly disappointing when he did n't :\\, 
  if you have n't seen it yet , give the playtest episode of black mirror a try , it 's one of the most gut wrenching episodes , also the main character is kurt russell 's son . 
  [ he 's not banned ... ] ( https://na.op.gg/summoner/username=adellaideskyhart ) , he got a warning from a support rioter and it was because he got thousands of reports from teammates , it 's an issue with how the league of legends community perceives the support role , not anything inherent to the game , technically riot even gave an incentive for supports to roam recently when they made kills/assists give higher exp if you are below the enemy level ( which obviously most solo laners will have higher level than duo lanes ), 
  he might [ be talking about this ] ( http://kotaku.com/league-of-legends-cheating-service-loses-10-million-la-1792991972 ), 
  you can criticize riot 's skin quality in a million ways : no artistic guideline ; confusing ability hitboxes ( cyborg ashe skin arrow , ca n't remember the name ) ; skins that make champions look too similar . 
  but you do n't need to lie to make your point ... 
   ~ 7 us dollars for a color remodel ? 
  if you mean the [ chromas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nybg3tetrg4 ) , they are 2,5 $ individually . 
  i guess you can argue they are more expensive if you need to buy the base skin as well . 
   you 're lucky if one ability is minorly altered for ~ 10 usd . 
  only the `` arcana '' ultimate skins that cost ~ 25 usd might provide you with an altered model . 
  [ these are the most recent 10 $ tier skins ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chamdc5ovr0 ) , hardly `` 1 ability altered '' ... i have no idea what you consider an altered model but [ all 1850rp ( 15 $ ) have different models , animations and voice-lines ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a4g3n0ksxlu ),
