  according to their wiki page they all stack with redemption and the keystone . 
  does runic increase incoming heals ? 
  i thought it was exclusive to heals and shields that were generated by yourself . 
  jatt at least has some general knowledge , there was no reason for phreak , one of the worst play by play casters in lcs to both lcs to cast those games , it seemed more and more that those rumors of ass licking for promotion inside riot 's esport division was actually true , or did everybody forget how phreak was relegated to the challenger scene 3 years ago , and then suddenly after magus took control as head of esports phreak started getting better and better spots . 
  soloq : i see neither zyra or malz in the top 10 playrate support champions on op.gg , while thresh is the lee sin of supports he will always be popular . 
  proplay : during playoffs only eu lcs favored malz with 100 % p/b rate , meanwhile lck had zyra and lulu at 90 % p/b ( with lulu being picked the most of all supports ) , while in na lcs lulu was the one with 100 % p/b , karma had 75 % pick while malz and zyra had 50 % and 45 % respectively . 
  [ it 's super cool they are still all friends and hang out together ] ( https://twitter.com/lolgorilla/status/856209895544111109 ) , i miss the rox tigers ; _ ;, 
  `` yep nothing new . 
  hope this will not backfire to blizzard because if owl is n't succesful ... well fucking rip . '', 
  kinda sad that every single news coming out from overwatch has always the same response , `` well owleague better fucking work '', 
  the most recent rumor was that pray and gorilla are going to china , so i doubt it :\\, 
  riot , listen , i have a genius idea :, 
  step 1 - contact netflix and throw your 100 million player base numbers to their face ;, 
  step 2 - make a 9 episodes animated anthology ( similar to black mirror ) where every episode is a different story is a different region focusing on different champions , maybe have one character connect every episode , like a traveler . 
  step 3 - not much profit , but a ton of players really happy , kthxbai . 
  if i remember correctly they got a bunch of hate from here after someone called them out on stealing the lyrics from another guy , which is probably why we never heard of them again . 
  edit : yup , [ here 's the thread ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/1tnist/plentakill_ripped_my_parody/ ), 
  [ that 's apparently a lie ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/roomfordebate/2015/04/16/what-are-corporations-obligations-to-shareholders/corporations-dont-have-to-maximize-profits ) , and it would n't make any sense from the start . 
   free game ( like really , not like hs or others ), 
  it 's free-to-play ... there 's many arguments to be made before you say it 's free `` unlike hs '' , since in both league and hs you can either get everything for totally free or the much much muuuuuuuuuch easier and faster way of buying gameplay components with real money . 
   ... because that 's about how long it takes blizzard to ~ ~ steal their players back ? ~ ~ announce a massive update or expansion at the same time as the new mmo release . 
  you can also buy rune pages with real money , even if you only play 1 champion , and you have 2 rune pages for 2 specific situations , the guy that also only plays 1 champion but bought 20 rune pages is in a clear advantage since he can better adapt his early game . 
  like i said below , you can also buy rune pages which are advantageous in champ select since you ca n't rebind runes in champ select . 
  seriously it makes a world 's difference playing in my main with 20 rune pages all customized for different match-ups , and playing in my smurf with only 2 pages , one ap and one ad . 
  specially when auto-fill exists in ranked ... 
  but auto-fill exists , i was auto-filled to support in my smurf where i only had exactly 3 supports ( lulu , soraka and karma ) two were banned and karma was picked on the enemy team , i was forced to go off-meta because i did n't own more champions , because why would i waste ip on supports when i 'm a top/mid main . 
  now remember that while getting autofilled to support is the most probable , you can also be autofilled to other roles , and have neither appropriate rune sets nor champions for that role . 
  you do n't need money to buy packs in hs . 
  aka grind some more ... 
  no , they just need to reinforce the idea of an immobile squishy combo burst mage , in my opinion the issue with ryze right now that makes him impossible to balance is exclusively his q passive combo that gives him an insane shield + speed boost . 
  that pretty much makes him a jack of all trades , high burst , high wave clear , good poke , and safe planning thanks to the root + shield/speed boost . 
  remove that aspect of his combo and you can reinforce the `` battle mage '' archetype they were trying to push for and giving him a define negative side . 
  i know it 's a meme nowadays , but the issue is that reworking has been riot 's strategy every single time with ryze instead of trying to re-tune him like they did with other champions , look at ekko , he was made as an ap assassin yet was played as a tank because of some really stupid kit decisions they made , after a couple of months they slowly removed the aspects that made him a good tank and reinforced an ap assassin build . 
  meanwhile ryze is already in talks for a `` mini-rework '' and they want to remove the new ult which is one of the most interesting abilities they made recently , instead of removing the aspects that are not congruent with their initial `` fantasy '' of ryze as a combo battle mage . 
   league 's design was build in a way that having more options is not as massive as it would be in dota . 
  fucking concept of `` i main x '' came from lol . 
  i would argue that the `` i main x '' mentality derived initially from the locked rooster system , and then riot started developing towards that philosophy , they believed any champion should be playable in any context ( as in , not have direct hard counters or very negative aspects ) . 
  but this mentality is actively being fought by riot now since they introduced the new queue system , forcing people to be mains of `` two roles '' , sure you can still be a one trick pony that mains 2 roles with the same champion , but in riot 's mind you should have a small pool of champions for 2 roles , which comes back to having access to more rune pages and champions being advantageous . 
  what about the example someone gave in the sub thread , in the case of riven , right now her highest winrate is with cdr runes , that specific rune set costs 12300 rp ( almost 2 full new champs ) and has 52.85 % winrate , while the cheap standard ad rune set sees her winrate drop to 49.4 % , a difference of 3.45 % in runes when not everyone has access to them is definitely too much . 
  immobile squishy mages with no movement enhancing abilities : anivia ; annie , vel ` koz ; xerath ; veigar ; karthus ; syndra ; brand ; zyra ; malzahar ; lux ... 
  the vast majority is from the cdr glyphs ( which to be fair are also used by many mages and ad casters ) which cost 7380ip for 9 of them , they also trade 1 ad quint for 1 cdr quint ( to make it 10 % cdr total ) the 1 cdr quint cost double of the others at 2050ip, 
  people really really hate last hitting , why is that ? 
  it 's such a satisfying mechanic , it 's literally the most skinner box conditioning thing in these games , you kill creep --  you get gold , people should love it :|, 
  i like it for the possible mindgames and individual strategies that people develop when you are against someone in lane , but i understand your perspective since i 'm garbage at last hitting as well , and i get more and more tilted the more i miss , it 's like a snowball effect of frustration . 
  today on the korean server ( the editor ) has her afreeca link in the description , stream : http://www.afreecatv.com/rian48 , i guess it 's the correct one . 
  well , mister putin will not be happy once he sees this :\\ better annex kiev next to show them good russian morality !, 
  in my defense i literally just used the `` fill the title '' function on reddit , it 's the title of the youtube video :|, 
  damn tb putting the cynical in cynicalbrit ... 
  but seriously , hots would be awesome if it was exclusively a arena brawler ( ignore the lanes and creeps and bases ) , just 10 people , one big arena all fight for small objectives around the map until you reach xx points . 
  the most fun i had with that game was playing in their special rotation arena mode . 
  edit : jesse - `` in the past few years blizzard has been all hype no substance '' ... nicely said mate . 
  edit 2.0 : also both tb and jesse had esports teams in blizz titles ( tb had a sc2 team and jesse had a hots team ) , so they know how blizz esports works and how shitty they are . 
  [ lol the blizzdrones now hate jesse and are flaming him in tb 's subreddit ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/cynicalbritofficial/comments/67vrdw/the_cooptional_podcast_ep_167_ft_cry_strong/ ), 
   obviously the language is a little ambiguous in terms of how many copies have actually been sold ,, 
  mainly :, 
  - are these copies sold ( unlikely ), 
  - are these accounts created , which includes accounts created during the free weekends and beta ? 
  - how many of these accounts are pc bang accounts and not purchased copies ? 
  - are the thousands of banned accounts still included in this number ? 
  honestly this number is useless , it looks great to maintain hype for the game , but monthly users would be a more useful number . 
  sidenote : the thread is tagged with 4 comments but i only see 1 , are people shadowbanned ? 
  you are still forced to have people in lane to absorb exp from the creeps , and your objective is till to push and destroy the base . 
  they could remove the lanes and bases , and make maps exclusively around capturing points , killing monster camps for points/exp and stuff like that , these are all aspects in hots already but they still have to revert to `` help push lanes and destroy towers to destroy base '' as a reward , which kinda kills the momentum that game could have . 
  look at their new map , hots is seriously the only game in the genre where a payload mode could actually be fun , but they keep pushing the game to be like dota and league instead of being it 's own thing , like battlerite is trying . 
  i 'm not denying the 30 million number , i 'm just arguing that these are just `` 30m accounts created '' which is a meaningless number to be honest . 
  there 's many ways of creating accounts without buying the game , until a couple of months ago you could easily create new accounts on korean pc bangs , this as since been changed ( you need your id ) but is the same in china ? 
  which also has pretty big pc bang culture . 
  there 's also the fact that you can create multiple accounts with just 1 copy of the game on xbox and ps4 as far as i know ( this might not be true anymore ) . 
  true , it 's the beard , watching people going through chemo is brutal specially during the `` lose all hair '' phase :\\, 
  also , cblol was getting consistently higher numbers than eu lcs during the spring split , brazil is easily becoming one of the biggest regions , there 's almost as many br ranked players as na ranked players . 
  still , i do n't think people realize how huge brazil is , there 's 200 million people there , there 's more than enough for league and dota to have pretty huge communities . 
  that 's just a mix of 99 % of the players being ignorant since the best pro supports are known for their roams, 
  to gank and maintain map vision , and because the strict league meta forces the weakest solo laner class to a long lane with no way to access xp and farm unless he has someone with him , some casters could easily 1v2 in a long lane but `` no no no , ranged ad carry bot is the meta and supp has to stay bot lane with him '' , this is reinforced by the retarded community mostly , just look at the shit show when ziggs ( a mage caster ) started being played bot instead of adc ... 
  no offense guys , but for a sub that repetitively criticizes people for pre-purchasing games , why is this being upvoted ? 
  the only close enough example are the lms teams ( taiwan/hk/macao ) , specifically ahq and flash wolves , the lms was created because these teams were shitting on the rest of the sea region so they became 2 different tournaments . 
  they also consistently showed up in international events and even got nicknamed the kryptonite of the koreans . 
  but , thanks to their close proximity to korea and china they tend to scrim a lot with korean and chinese teams , so they are not really isolated like brazil is . 
  honestly , the russians albus nox luna were probably the best example so far even though they did n't win much , they did show they could compete with the rest of the major regions in macroplay and even showed some pretty strong pocket picks without being cheesy about it . 
  sidenote : seriously the kiev major has been miles away more entertaining to watch than msi , i have no idea who at riot decided that bo1 's between shit tier teams was fun to watch . 
  this pretty much rekts any hope for more international competition in league of legends ever again rip , unless they restructure all-stars and msi to function like dota majors ( which i doubt ) . 
  like worlds is ridiculous , just imagine the insane amount of teams that will now do nothing between september and january because their home leagues are not playing and there 's no international tournaments . 
  actual franchising is a bit different from franchising in esports , in sports like the nfl and nba the tournament is owned by the teams , as in all teams that participate in the nfl are part owners so they are part of all the decisions and receive a % of all profits . 
  in esports , franchising works differently ( at least in the examples being talked right now ) since both riot and blizzard ( with the overwatch league ) would still be owners of the league and have control over it . 
  in theses cases franchising only means :, 
  - locked slots , with no relegation/eliminations , the same organizations would stay forever in the league unless they want to sell their spot . 
  - the teams would receive directly a % of the money from profits made by sponsorships and broadcasting deals with the league, 
  - and there 's the possibility of city-based system , as in , every team in the league chooses 1 city to be their base where they can have a stadium/studio to host games from the league , and they control most marketing in that region to grow their local fanbase . 
  if any team signs a contract that allows for that to happen then they deserve to get fucked ... which after seeing what many esports orgs are doing with their money recently , it would still be a fair share of them lol, 
  no , people completely misunderstood that , he 's saying that the potential profit of the lcs spot exactly because of the possibility of franchising is what makes 3 cs go majors less valuable than the lcs spot . 
  he 's comparing prize pools vs franchised lcs spot , not team value vs team value , which involves way more important aspects . 
  i would be fine with koreans winning every major tournament if it was the rox tigers , rest in peace ; _ ;, 
   she reminds me of aubrey plaza, 
  have you seen legion ? 
  aubrey plaza is one of the best things in it doing something completely different , her issue is that she 's easily typecasted as the dry humor cynical hipster chick ( literally her role in scott pilgrim ), 
  [ if you filter for `` this week '' ] ( https://www.dotabuff.com/esports/leagues/5157/heroes?date=week ) it should show only heroes from the matches during the group stage and main event right ? 
  if so , 98 out of 113, 
  league will never have this type of variety thanks to riot 's champion balance philosophy , and not even the 10 bans affected the pro scene that much . 
  the vast majority of champions can be put into little archetype boxes with similar champions , whomever gets picked from that box is the one with the best ball of stats or the one that most reliably does it 's job , the few champions that are slightly more unique apparently break the game and people want them out , the most recent example being ivern . 
  seeing thoorin in a non-esport sub is weird ... honestly even if you hate him you have to agree the guy is a great interviewer , he should definitely try to do more interviews with other types of industry people besides esports experts and players . 
  msi will be a shitshow just wait and see , the home team was eliminated yesterday so expect that sweet sweet brazilian viewer numbers to disappear ( also many empty seats in the arenas ) , china is still shit and we is n't one of the top fanbase teams , so count those numbers out as well , and lastly , like always , skt will rape everyone since they are miles ahead and every other region looks like monkeys trying to copy korean meta and failing .
