  really ? 
  that shit got grainy as fuck every time the screen got fulled with ability particles ( which is very often because it 's ow ) . 
  it literally made me nauseous watching it . 
  do we really need daily threads about this ? 
  i 'll quote myself from yesterday 's post :, 
   the viewership would quickly decline after people realize that those games wo n't have them talking to each other all the time and they will probably get stomped by the challenger squads since they do n't even have a dedicated jungler and support . 
  i saw a clip from dyrus stream where someone asked him that , and he said he has no idea , they will find out when we find out . 
  i find it much more boring watching other teams do stupid mistakes over and over again after you see how clean skt can be . 
  but well , it appears people prefer watching subpar league with `` exciting '' clown fiestas that occur because teams have no idea what they are doing most of the time , like it happens over and over again in na lcs , than watching actually well played and competitive league which is what happens when skt plays . 
  the reality is that league has been developed to a point that it 's not flexible enough to allow more than 1 strict dominant strategy . 
  every meta is restricted by a combination of x amount of champions that play around a specific strategy that develops thanks to balance changes , the game does n't allow experimentation or that many counter strategies besides just copying the same shit and hope you do less mistakes than the enemy . 
  in this context , skt with the best staff in the world , and the best and most flexible players in each role have been able to adapt and `` solve '' each meta perfectly , that 's why they are the best and continue to be , the rest of the international teams get relegated to just trying to copying the korean meta but never able to reach it , instead of trying to construct specific counters or new ways to play the game . 
  obligatory : `` but if you group all league of legends players salaries , including all the shitty d-tier bottom team players + all wildcards players , they probably already made 100m ! '', 
  can someone honestly explain me how this is more viewer friendly than dota or league ? 
  in spectating overwatch you either choose between following a single person and ignore the perspective of the 11 other players possibly missing some great plays , or choose this `` overview '' perspective which still has a ton of issues :, 
  - it allows you to see all the action sure , but the overwatch action is a clusterfuck of particles and explosions , fights in dota and specially league are already chaotic as fuck but at least they are in a `` 2d plane '' , overwatch particles are going in all fucking directions , and 2 `` extra '' players for even more particle chaos . 
  - the spectator ui is still godawful , there 's no way to understand how low health people are in these fights without looking up to their health bars , and by that point they might already be dead , who decided that having the player name over the character has priority over having an health bar ? 
  i do n't care it does n't look like the normal player experience , they need to clean the fuck up those particles and reduce them as much as possible to make it easily perceptible to the viewer . 
  also health bars on the fucking heroes , how complicated is that to understand ? 
  i really really suck at remembering stuff like this , but the other day i saw someone mention fire emblem : the blazing sword , and i do n't know why but i grew incredibly attached to lyn , eliwood and hector . 
  none of the other fire emblem games made me care so much about the main characters as this game . 
  gold 4-3-2 is the best elo to be in if you want to play league for fun , sadly everything above gold 1 is pure salt and cancer . 
  i know you can see health bars when you follow just one hero 's prespective , no idea why when you change to this prespective they thought being able to quickly see the health bars of people is not as important anymore . 
  kurzgesagt made a really [ great video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsbt5eqt348 ) explaining the current population growth and future stabilization, 
  yeah the old client was pure garbage , i gave up reinstalling it for a few weeks last year because it just did n't move past the 10 % loading , and i tried several times including re-downloading the client files each time . 
  new client is much better though ( at least in that aspect ) , it downloads the patches in the background while you can still use the client . 
  if you watch anniebot stream or videos , when he 's 1v1 he almost always starts with q just in case they have flash up , you ca n't dodge a point-and-click ability . 
  the new client did n't solve shit , it 's still heavier than the actual game at times , it 's ridiculous . 
  oh yeah cs : go just wins straight up is the easiest to watch and the most accessible for casual viewers , i love watching the big tournaments even though i do n't play the game , which is why cs will probably exist for a long long time as an esport . 
  i just compared it to dota and league because monte made a 1 hour long video explaining how overwatch was a much better viewer experience than dota/league , 1 year later and blizzard has yet to make that true . 
  honestly seeing phreak cast some pretty big and important matches in lcs and international events just gives more credibility to the rumors that the esports division is a `` boys club '' and phreak got `` promoted '' as a caster by licking whalen 's boots, 
  honestly i 'm starting to think blizzard 's nomenclature for their heroes is starting to be pretty silly , i know they call all their dps heroes `` assassins '' but after looking over his abilities [ and talents ] ( https://www.pcgamesn.com/heroes-of-the-storm/hots-malthael ) , he feels more like a situational off-tank sustain healer and sustain dps , thanks to the low cooldown aoe heal and that most of his damage and kit seems to be centered around his dot passive . 
  ok , you want an actual analysis of why phreak casting is garbage in my opinion ? 
  because he ca n't seem to decide if he 's a play-by-play caster or a color caster and ends up monopolizing the broadcast by trying to do both at a subpar level . 
  there 's a reason why there 's such a strict distinction between the two , the pbp caster 's job is n't just reporting the plays happening , they also try to push the flow of the conversation with the color caster so that these can do their job of talking in-depth about macro strategies and what the players should be doing next . 
  this is what all good play-by-play casters do , see rivington and quickshot , and ( rip ) doa , meanwhile phreak over and over again tries to do the play-by-play while also pushing himself into the color caster `` air time '' , he does n't structure the conversation like other good pbp casters do and makes the overall casting much less enjoyable . 
  `` a subreddit dedicated to discussions based on comparisons between dota 2 and the games it rivals . '', 
   if the subreddit users do n't like it , it will be downvoted and wo n't show up anyways . 
  yup which is what happens every time a league of legends champion reveal shows up here or any big news from that game , which is fair , users do n't think it 's relevant so they downvote , interesting how when it 's a blizzard game suddenly a single hero reveal is relevant to this sub , not with 1 post , but 2 posts about it in 3 days . 
  sorry i do n't think i explained myself well , he seems to me more like a tank hero that constantly heals himself and `` slow burns '' enemies than what i would consider an assassin . 
  [ his tl ; dr on twitter ] ( https://twitter.com/lsxyz9/status/871998855977586688 ), 
   after watching the two games of tl , my conclusion is that it 's impossible for me to believe that @tl_goldenglue is the problem . 
   horrendous map movements/lane allocations & lack of understanding of direction in game . 
  no way is he the one behind a lot that is happening . 
   watching tl is like watching experienced soloq players w/o any goal in mind . 
  lots of seemingly aimless calls when all things are considered . 
  also, 
   nevermind fuck it , the whole problem w / tl is that they did n't pick annie . 
  let 's be serious . 
  besides all the blizzdrones , [ montecristo made a video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kyjlev3zcla ) a couple of months ago comparing the `` watchability '' of all major titles , and argued that dota/league 's burden of knowledge on the viewer made it harder to watch for the casual viewer , and since overwatch has a lower burden of knowledge it would be an easier experience for viewers once they improved the spectator mode and had better spectators . 
  which is a very narrow analysis of the issue and ignores a bunch of other factors . 
  i do n't think people ever hated ls for being an analyst , people really liked his streams 2 during worlds , the hate usually comes from a ) his casting because of his voice , or b ) his personality , which people view it as a monte-light . 
  it might be just some good old homophobia in some cases as well though . 
  but that 's why some roles are usually the shotcallers in league , support for example is n't as mechanically demanding as the other roles , junglers also tend to be great shotcallers because their role forces them to think way more about macro than the laners , being a good mechanical jungler is second to having a great mind for the game as a jungler . 
  people hated riot/kespa for spliting the lck broadcast and giving it to spotv , so ls got a ton of hate last year for casting the spotv games . 
  for many people it was like `` monte is leaving league because riot fucked lck and now we are stuck with ls who is nowhere near the same level as monte '', 
  damn this is like all my playlists for college parties , seriously the 80 's had the best pop music for drunk people . 
  he left one of the teams he was coaching because he wanted to go back to korea to be with his boyfriend , ca n't remember which of the teams it was . 
  people were talking about it back then , small subreddit drama . 
   the skt players told g2 after the final that they played better than kt but it 's honestly impossible to predict . 
  i do n't think the gap is closing because non-korean teams always play catch up when they show up at international events . 
  well ... maybe having more actual international competition that allows eu and na teams to fight non-skt korean teams would solve that ... but nooooo we really really need 2 showmatch tournaments for fun and `` pride '' ( all-star and rivals ) , instead of actually good international competition ... 
   msi , iem , and worlds is not enough ? 
  lol not even close to enough , are you serious ? 
  - msi , only 1 team per region which is ridiculous, 
  - iem , confirmed kia , rest in pieces, 
  - worlds , the only true good international competition in league , that only happens once a year . 
   it 's not like they 're playing online . 
  you 're saying faker has to fly around the world more than 4 times a year just so tsm can get more practice ? 
  that 's ridiculous, 
  riot could get down their high horse and do smaller international competitions like other esports instead of bloated extravagant events like msi , seriously why was msi 3 weeks long ? 
  rent 1 venue for 1 week and use a traditional tournament structure with losers bracket . 
  honestly i just want it because the lcs structure bores me to death . 
  that thread is a shit show , why does a caster have access to presumed chatlogs and punishments of a player ? 
  ( remember that they ca n't really confirm if these accounts are tyler 's ) and it 's incredibly shitty of phreak to say such a thing in public without showing any proof . 
  any idea why they showcase the russian stream peak and not for other languages ? 
  i have the feeling that the german/french/spanish / portuguese ( well ... brasil ) streams probably had way more viewers than the russian stream . 
  hmm honestly i understand why they did it , but i wish they made it in waves with a reduced timer , like, 
  team a ( 3 simultaneous bans ) [ 10 secds ], 
  team b ( 3 simultaneous bans ) [ 10 secds ], 
  team a ( 2 simultaneous bans ) [ 10 secds ], 
  team b ( 2 simultaneous bans ) [ 10 secds ], 
  , it would reduce the ban phase to a max 40 seconds which is lower than the previous 6 bans , it would force people to pay attention to the p & b phase , and it would n't allow double bans on a single champion . 
  by censored in the league forums you mean the league subreddit ? 
  the rules are incredibly strict there , you are n't allowed to talk about anything that is n't directly related to the game , the mods even deleted posts about riot 's acquisition last year of radiant entertainment because it was n't strictly league related ( yet ), 
  not really a fair comparison , from what i understand western viewers of dota mostly watch the english stream , but in league there 's an entire culture ( specially in europe ) of watching the stream in your specific language , sometimes just because you enjoy your language casters , the non-english casters become small celebrities in these communities , like chips et noi in france . 
   worldwide box office : $ 1,516,045,911, 
  holy shit , having a diverse cast actually does help a movie make money . 
  unfortunately pets and clones will forever feel subpar until riot reworks the engine so that you can actually select the pet/clone and control it . 
  in this particular case its impossible because they play in the tournament server , which nobody but pros have access and probably the reason why league will never have that feature . 
  but they are giving the teams all the files of the games for them to do whatever they want with them , if a team decides to release the game file people could watch it in-game ... technically . 
   it 's funny though that rick has assembled them into their scrim team . 
  nah , it 's pretty much has a very smart marketing decision , their challenger spot is meaningless now because of the future lcs franchise and because riot does n't allow sister teams to participate in the promotion tournament , so rick fox could n't even sell his challenger squad if they qualified . 
  so they moved their challenger squad to subs for their lcs team and are now all living in the same house to work as exclusive scrim partners . 
  and since he still has the challenger spot he got the 5 biggest league streamers to be under his brand , this shit is getting echo fox a ton of new fans . 
  context :, 
  - riot introduced an item ( gargoyle stoneplate ) , that doubles the total health and resistances of a champion when activated , but the counter is that the champion deals 60 % less damage, 
  - cho ` gath had recently a mini-rework which allows him to stack a bunch of health ( in this case he has 6k health before activating the item ) . 
  the burst comes from his ult , which is a point and click ability that deals 650 damage + 10 % bonus of his bonus health , the important bit , this is dealt as true damage , so it ignores any resistances and any damage reduction debuffs ( including selfcasting debuffs ), 
  result : with 12k health he dealt about ~ ~ 2500 ~ ~ 1850 in true damage , more than enough to delete a squishy .
