  she 's the queen of reddit guys !, 
  '' , and started showing the middle finger to every single esport organizer in the industry because `` they know better '' . 
  it sucks for the community and specially for the proplayers but i kinda want it to fail just to see blizzard step down from the pedestal they are putting themselves on . 
  i think the most interesting part is how the esport experience does n't lend itself to weekly stadium events , people keep using the atmosphere and numbers from events like worlds/ti/cs majors and even how the great the fgc tournaments are , but these are big events , the lcs is barely able to fill their small studio in berlin and la , 2 of the biggest cities in the western world . 
  esports blew up because of how accessible to the viewers it is , anyone can watch games easily and free on their tv/laptop/cellphone and be as comfortable as they want , and the experience of watching the actual game will be the same as being in the stadium , this ignores the hype of being surrounded by thousands of other people screaming but that is only sustainable in big events , having 20 people in a small stadium screaming does n't exactly give the same feeling . 
   `` got from silver to plat with 50 % winrate in 130 games . '', 
  that kinda contradicts the `` easy to climb '' narrative though . 
  kinda interesting how the last year has seen a renaissance of video essays for both movies and games , in a period where people were dooming youtube as the platform for repetitive content for easy exposure it 's nice to see these type of channels do thrive . 
  well it 's nolan north though , he 's one of the most prolific voice actors working right now , he probably does n't remember half the stuff he has done . 
  ... she has been strong in all metas for years except during the armor pen meta and she was still tier 2 below varus and jhin . 
  she just was n't as strong as jhin and varus , she still could shit on every single other adc , caitlyn 's kit is incredibly oppressive , between her range and trap/passive damage she 's strong in every moment of the game . 
  he won 600 dollars total in prize money , how is that a tier 2 proplayer ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen uni students that only participate in university tournaments earn more money ... 
  lol riot are pretty nearsighted with their balance changes , i seriously doubt they also intended the new locket change to give a 2k hp shield to your entire team when used in synergy with stoneplate . 
  and both this cases are n't the first time examples of riot putting something out without thinking about possible repercussions, 
  archyes you pretty much stalk the overwatch competitive scene , can you explain me why there is a european contenders tournament ? 
  is n't contenders pretty much just for owleague teams to scout new players ? 
  is n't that pretty much blizzard helping the talent drain from europe ? 
  yeah that 's another thing to my great list of `` bipolar decisions made by blizzard '' : lets make a city-based system to help develop the local scene and for teams to get more localized fanbases , but lets allow organizations outside of the na to purchase the city spots , and let 's put no limits on foreign players !, 
  i ca n't wait to see how big of a local fanbase the new york fnatic with 3 europeans and 3 koreans will have . 
  why do you want achilios to kill his casting career ? 
  that looks way more interesting though , he looks more like a commander than a support hero , but that kit would push him more into the summoner archetype than a pestilence type . 
  the tentacle push and shove just feels wrong with the rest of the kit , i think it would be more interesting if they made him a full buff/debuff support with a play style revolving around spreading the different debuffs through his abilities, 
  last time i saw their `` free-to-play '' launch was dead on arrival ( they had less new players than evolve when it went ftp as well ) , again because their marketing team was pure garbage , instead of announcing it as going free to play they said it was a `` free trial '' . 
  their logic was that the multiplayer was free but you still had to pay for the co-op missions so it was n't reallly `` ftp '' . 
  i also played it during the beta , the game felt like it was trying to be way too much at the same time , every time i talk about it i remember that [ scene in fantastic mr.fox where the coach is trying to explain an overcomplicated game ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnpyzsph8ti ) , also the particle effects , holy jesus so many full screen particle effects . 
  good , right now you pretty much ca n't do shit vs sustain bruisers in the top lane , you either try to outburst their sustain or get an early calling which for most toplaners is garbage . 
  damn , when did reddit get so incredibly homophobic even in the main subreddits ? 
  did pride month triggered people that hard ? 
  on topic : looks like a really interesting documentary , and i agree with louis ck 's letter , not that many people watch documentaries which is kinda sad , in the last couple of years people have been producing some top notch movies , not just when it comes to their content , but the story telling , the cinematography and editing , the productions have been going up and up lately , it renew my interest in docs honestly . 
  if you want something close to home `` the internet 's own boy '' about aaron swartz is really incredibly and infuriating . 
   ( they did this in overwatch too , i have no clue why ), 
  because that way their players can move between multiple blizzard titles and feel `` safe '' about what roles they can play , if you enjoy being a tank in wow , congratz you can also do it in overwatch and hots and they have the exact role archtypes so that it feels familiar , do n't forget to praise lord blizzard . 
  well technically people just misunderstand what a support means in dota/league , it 's mostly a resource distribution issue , there 's a limited amount of resources on the map so you need to funnel most of it to the carry players , i.e. 
  heroes/champions that most efficiently will use that gold . 
  meanwhile support is the role which in theory will able to assist their team whether with heals/shields/buffs , or crowdcontrol/damage/map control/roams , with as little resources as possible . 
  meanwhile hots just copies the definition of support from wow since there 's no limited resources in that game , which results in almost all of their supports being healers . 
  nothing against the hero , but how is he `` complex '' , it 's not like they do n't have more interesting heroes in that game , this one looks as vanilla as possible with how unutilized the infestation mechanic appears to be , is the complexity behind if you prefer to buff the aoe heal or the aoe slow seriously ? 
  also from that same thread :, 
   the criticism of other mobas is usually targeted at the mechanics and features many people find boring , unfair or non-intuitive , such as last hitting , denying , uneven gold/exp distribution within the team . 
  oh blizzdrones , never change pls, 
  / r/dotamasterrace , when you need help from / r/relationships but ca n't afford a lawyer and a divorce . 
  that 's what i said :|, 
   support is the role which in theory will able to assist their team whether with heals/shields/buffs , or crowdcontrol/damage/map control/roams , with as little resources as possible . 
  as someone who lives in a country which still has intermissions in pretty much every cinema , never had bladder issues . 
  or ... since you do n't enjoy league anymore you can just try another alternative , you want shorter games go play hots , you want other competitive multiplayer game , well there 's a ton of options right now . 
  creating a mode specially for shorter play time not only is a balance nightmare since riot would never balance champions for that mode , but it would also divide the playerbase and have stupid high queue times . 
  his videos are more popular than the stream videos on skt 's official youtube channels , which might be why they banned his name from the streams . 
  you ca n't confuse playing heroes/champions with supportive qualities , to playing the role of support/roamer . 
  the issue with hots is exactly because it does n't have a resource system like dota and league , and they do little besides healing because that 's all they can do when being defined as supports in hots , otherwise they would be just assassins/warriors/specialists . 
  while in hots what defines their role is the fact that they can buff/heal/shield their allies , in dota and league , what defines a support is being able to assist their team even though they are under leveled and have low income . 
  for example , in league and dota you can have carry supports , which will be heroes/champions that will be able to deal good damage even with low income , yet in a system like hots they would be just another assassin since there 's no system limiting them . 
  i have n't played much hots , but if there 's really a need for every team to have at least one healer then that 's the issue blizzard needs to resolve since it limits the possible comps and strats they can do . 
   i am curious if the rift rivals event would get a lot of viewership . 
  tsm will be there , but it will be during the week and in berlin so americans wo n't be able to see it , so it might not even reach 100k, 
  do n't underestimate how ridiculous huge clash of clans is , ffs the vod of one of their tournaments from 1 month ago has 6 million views . 
  pretty much :, 
  - mobile gaming is huge in china, 
  - china is huge, 
  = clash of clash is fucking huge in china, 
  * sidenote : yes supercell was also purchased by tencent . 
  they cost 10 million , 5 million at the start and the rest will be paid off over a period of time . 
  they also made a tabletop game to justify the s in riot games . 
  what nda 'd guy ? 
  i know people speculated that riot would announce the rising thunder game in 2017 evo but it 's kinda stupid to not announce a while before the event so people can play a demo there . 
  not really necessary , the internet and reddit loves nujabes , and doom shows up pretty regularly as a recommendation for `` similar '' music , at least that 's how i found mf doom . 
  also [ vox did a pretty neat video deconstructing his rhymes last year ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwvexdj6ozu ) . 
  i do n't really watch dom 's streams but it 's pretty hilarious how fed sometimes cuts during editing the parts when dom is bitching about one of his teammates in chat , but you can still see what he wrote a few minutes later , he 's mostly passive agressive in chat though . 
  i 'll would give most taxi drivers a solid 4 if they do n't try to murder someone while i 'm riding with them and if they do n't bitch about me not having the exact value for the ride since they also do n't accept cards . 
  for an easy 5 they just need to avoid making me uncomfortable with random racist or sexist comments during the ride . 
  all random all mid with bjergsen - froggen - caps - jensen - sencux ? 
  halfcoordinated was a really good opening to sgdq btw , really likable and entertaining runner , i understand some people take it really seriously but for entertainment 's sake i really prefer people like halfcoordinated that are more interested in having fun and show cool tricks they found , than trying to be super competitive in an environment that does n't seem very suitable for it . 
  you ca n't just increase the import slot number otherwise orgs will just get more koreans ( and more europeans in the case of na ) , having special rules for smaller regions imports would at least incentivize orgs to give those players a chance . 
  in the topic of creating a competitive region , in my personal opinion , i would have no issue with just removing the import limit , i wan na watch the best players and the best teams playing i do n't care where they are from . 
  but most viewers do n't care about competitive league ( that 's why they watch na lcs ^ ^ j/k ) they want to see players from their region playing in their region , just imagine having tsm represent na at worlds with a full korean squad . 
  also riot 's closed tournament system goes against the idea of having a global competitive scene . 
  i still seriously doubt na will have enough talent to fill 20 squads or more ( if they increase the number of teams ) once the franchise starts , keeping the import limit for major regions while opening more opportunities for scouting the smaller regions would at least help all these new spots that will open to not be filled with koreans , which will probably be what will happen . 
  yahoo esports goes down , glixel gets the axe , i think it 's starting to be obvious that mainstream media are not seeing much roi in their ventures into gaming recently , i wonder if new gaming websites even have a chance to go against more established gaming news sites or even youtube , the industry seems to be pretty much locked down when it comes for newcomers to start their own thing . 
  dude , i would totally watch spyro esports though . 
  sidenote : i love sgdq , it 's always the chillest stream every single year , well except when someone is a cunt ... there 's always a cunt . 
  there 's the `` get hit by a bus '' dude from this year 's agdq , i guess cunt was a bad word for the rest , some people just that take it way too seriously and get hypercompetitive , half of the fun of watching these speedruns is seeing the runners have fun and show neat tricks , not actually trying to break records . 
  personal opinion though . 
  i thankfully just let the gamergate clusterfuck pass me by when it happened , but i can see how companies might see it and think `` well if 50 % of our target audience actively hates this outlet we are better off going with safer options '' . 
  ethics is probably one of the hardest things to discuss because it 's almost never a black or white subject , i have no idea why most people did n't just choose to stay the hell away from it . 
  i have no idea who he is , i just realized i stopped going to giantbomb 7 years ago , around the time they were doing the deadly premonion endurance run o_o . 
  on topic : waypoint is associated with vice media apparently though , it 's not really making a name for themselves when they are associated to one of the biggest internet media companies right now . 
  one of my favorite gdq moments was randomly watching the super mario maker runs with a bunch of non-gamer friends , it was incredibly fun even for people that barely touch games . 
  the community aspect of the event is probably the best thing about it . 
  yeah that 's true , one of my favorite runs was noire 's run of half-life 2 though , there 's definitely some good pc runs but they are rare , i also kinda miss a bunch of more prominent games since they always leave them for na 's primetime between 2 a.m. - 6 a.m. in europe , a couple of years ago i could handle that schedule , not so much now :\\, 
  summer games done quick it 's happening , it was one of the speedruns ... read the comments in this post lol, 
  no were near as many streams and rarely events stream in both :\\ it 's actually noticeable how much better the youtube viewer experience is , the league of legends esport twitch stream has been losing a ton of viewers since they started streaming on youtube as well . 
  when was the last time that such an overhyped multiplayer game coming from a major studio had an issue so big with player burnout after just 1 year ? 
  ignoring stuff like cod which releases a new game every year , and other that are dead on arrival , it seems like overwatch is n't getting the sustained growth that people expected , from what i see in gametrics it 's already at 20 % in pcbangs , it was at 32 % + 5 months ago . 
  well , it did n't take long before another gdq drama this year . 
  are you talking about the girl bitching about the emote ? 
  you consider heroes a big esports ? 
  i would more easily give it to heartstone . 
  but to be fair dota is the only special case , most other games in the genre have similar monetisation strategies , but are seen as too low hanging fruit to be criticized . 
  the critiques of league 's system are justified though , the rune system was pretty much an ip hole and many players wasted a ton of resources on it , but at least they are reworking that now . 
  i posted the [ newest champion announced last week ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/games/comments/6jvzpr/kayn_the_shadow_reaper_champion_reveal_league_of/ ) , the thread was quickly downvoted to `` 25 % upvote '' and almost no comments,
