  hots 's stukov was posted a 3 days later and got to the front page , like most hots hero announcements ( genji got 3 threads in 2 days ) . 
  there 's definitely a bias on this sub , nothing against it , every sub has a bias , but do n't pretend r/games is about `` informative and interesting gaming content and discussions '' when 8 out of 10 times is just a circlejerk , very much like / r/movies, 
  it might not be economically viable to create and store all those big toys , also it 's not just tanks , there 's much bigger stuff that is used , besides , i guess cgi will eventually reach a point that it will make this relationship pointless . 
  honestly the shittiest thing is really all the young kids putting their lives on hold in hopes of maybe getting some money out of overwatch , since apparently even the korean pro players are earning less than minimum wage . 
  just imagine , this guys having been trying to go pro for more or less 1 year earning almost nothing , and they still have to eventually go to the army for a couple of years , at least the sc and league pros once they are out of the army are able to use their pro-play earning to find new opportunities . 
  number of accounts created , nobody knows if that counts free week users ( i never bought the game but still receive emails about the game ) , and there 's also the issue with counting pc bang users , since you could easily create multiple accounts there ( well at least you could last year ) . 
  so the fact that hots heroes have an history justifies that most league posts in this sub get downvoted instead of just ignored ? 
  just look at this thread , most discussions are about how brexit and the fall of the pound are impacting the game industry there , but since it mentions riot and league it 's siting at 65 %, 
  wait is n't nv one of the top teams in ow ? 
  hastr0 was promoting it pretty hard a couple of months ago . 
  like i said , the rune system deserves to be criticized but :, 
  - last year they removed the tier 1 runes, 
  - made all tier 2 runes cost 1 ip , so you can buy all of them after winning 1 match, 
  - all the primary tier 3 runes got a 50 % cost discount, 
  - and the rune system is going away in like 2 months so there 's no point in beating the dead horse anymore, 
  besides that you can pay directly for champions , just like gods and heroes , so they all have systems that put people ahead of free to play users . 
  not defending the old league rune system , it was exploitative as fuck , but dota is the outsider when it comes to moba monetization , not league . 
  i 've argued before that riot is actively losing money by not having all champions free . 
  they have 134 champions but like 900 + skins which go regularly on sale ( twice a week ) , if everybody had access to all champions at all time people would be more willing to waste 2-5 $ on a skin even for a champion they do n't play much , i 've done it , the % sale psychology conditioning is a proven concept . 
  there 's no reason for riot not to make all champions free right now , specially since i doubt they are getting that much new players mostly because the barrier of entrance is huge . 
  a player from a top 10 org with a lot of money saying that your esport is dying may be a big problem , this context would have been more useful / u/archyes, 
  wait wait wait / r/pcmasterrace plays games ? 
  i thought all they did was making fun of 30fps console plebs and post hardware porn . 
  it 's stopped growing or is actively declining in eu and na though . 
  is joe madureira still working with nordic ? 
  his artistic style was definitely by favorite part of the darksiders games, 
  a new hero in league is 6300 if you wait just 1 week after it 's officially released , 7800 is not the standard high-tier price for a champion . 
  til madureira is doing a turn-based rpg :o it looks so much like torchlight 's artstyle , i must have it !, 
  thanks !, 
  if you look at the numbers of ranked accounts ( since this is the only number we have access to ) and lcs viewership you will see that it is in fact declining, 
  it was very much a binding opinion poll if the tories had any interest in maintaining majority control , they would have been ostracized for ignoring `` the people 's voice '' if they just ignored it . 
  what i mean by binding is not in the legal sense but in the political sense , you ca n't have a major party of your country support something , ask the people to agree with them and then when they win say `` ups actually we kinda do n't wan na do this '' . 
  it was a power play by the tories , just like the recent election was another power play to reinforce their stand in the government and both backfired badly . 
  they are both shitty systems ... just because one is darker than the other does n't mean they stop being shit lol, 
  '' new players start playing '', 
  are they though ? 
  last time someone checked the ranked playerbase declined at least in na , and viewership of lcs is definitely declining even if you could blame viewer fatigue and boring structure on that . 
  please ... many of the `` clones '' were already being produced before overwatch was even announced , it 's not like class based shooters are something revolutionary , the only difference is that many started to borrow the class with basic abilities with cooldowns from mobas , which have dominated the pc market for the last 6 to 7 years . 
  people blame the battleborn vs overwatch fight , but the truth is that the game had many intrisinc issues , the main multiplayer mode was incredibly confusing for new players who got turned off from it during the open beta , it 's like they decided to mesh 4 different genres at the same time , people complain about mobas 's burden of knowledge , battleborn was even worse . 
  and the game was just a visual clusterfuck , overwatch is already bad enough with it 's particles , but battleborn could literally blind people with their particles . 
  well , [ the main sub does n't seem to worried or just do n't give a shit about their pro scene ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/overwatch/comments/6le6s1/the_pro_scene_is_hemorraging_and_it_needs/ ) ( big shock i know ), 
  when i said `` backfired '' was purely based on the tories political strength , which has declined as we can see by their recent election , even though both brexit and the early election was supposed to get the tories more seats . 
  now , if the eu will get better with the uk out is highly debatable , we are already seeing companies partly leaving the uk because they want to stay inside the eu single market , but so far this is only benefiting germany , holland and france as far as i know , and ireland since it 's the only other english speaking country . 
  this is a good sign ... for those countries . 
  one of the biggest criticisms of the eu is the centralization of power to ... well ... central european countries , if the benefits of brexit ( including the recent canada-eu trade deal and the future china-eu trade deal ) do n't benefit the outside layer of the eu , then we will see even bigger euro skepticism coming from these countries and the possibility of other exists , which could eventually colapse the eu . 
  personally i think the rise of nationalism is getting more and more scary recently , and people seem to be just closing their ears to it or pretending it is n't something real , the next round of elections in europe will define pretty hard the direction of the eu for the next couple of decades , for the better or for the worse , a colapse of the eu would definitely benefit the uk though . 
  also , i 'm portuguese not british , and economy is most definitely not my field of study , most of my knowledge is from a political perspective , i honestly could n't even start to explain how brexit will impact economically the uk and the eu . 
  did any rioter explain the reason behind the 10 minute breakpoint , are they drawing the line at when the early game phase should always end ? 
  seems a bit restrictive , if you happen to be able to snowball and get an early game lead then you will always be in an disadvantage to what you could have possibly be with a non-10 minute timer rune page . 
  i understand that the point of the new system is for you to prepare a strategy pre-game , but determining power spikes based on specific timeframes instead of actions done by the player takes away the agency a player might have . 
  besides the part where runes like this incentivizes ultra passive play which might be frustrating for the rest of your team . 
  but they would make the mark something that a player has some ( even if limited ) control over instead of just a game timer , like / u/thereconditeredditor said , and like they have made with the support item quests . 
  putting the mark on a game timer reinforces a non-interactive playstyle from a player instead of `` i have to achieve x so i can get the y benefit '' , which is exactly what they wanted to stop when they reworked the talisman item . 
  have you consider turning the kiss/curse runes into a quest based system similar to how you reworked the support items ? 
  like i said in another comment , at least that would give some agency to the player instead of just being `` wait until the 10 minute mark for x effect to happen '' , or will there be other runes specifically with quest-based systems ? 
  was seriously putting danny boyle as a producer more important to explain the movie than directed by the couple that made little miss sunshine , i guess they have n't made much stuff , but it still says more about the movie than randomly attaching boyle to it in the title . 
  i think he might mean `` irl '' streaming , not streaming in general . 
  i do n't even understand why this is a thing again , twitch is just ironically turning into justin.tv again ... 
  if a support does n't buy boots until minute 10 then he 's useless , how is he supposed to roam and ward the map ? 
  archyes buddy do n't forget to drink a lot of liquids , you might get dehydrated with the amount of furious masturbating you are doing while reading about the collapse of the ow esport scene, 
  on topic : yeah , but do n't worry everything will be solved once the ow league arrives ... oh wait , this is about korean orgs and players who exclusively play in korea and will not be affected in any way by the owleague , well , they better all go work for na orgs then . 
  which is weird , since i thought most koreans started hating riot korea after they sold half of lck broadcasting rights to spotv . 
  it might be a rose-tinted glasses prespective since koreans have so much success in league , so riot must be doing something right , when in reality bottom tier players in na are probably earning more money than many korean pros in top 5 lck teams . 
  they are free ... in pc bangs . 
  riot has a special deal with the korean pc bangs that 's why all champions are free there . 
  yes , there was a rampant issue with scripters last year in high elo , that plus riot removing soloq for that retarded dynamic bullshit almost killed league in korea last year ( specially since it happened at the same time overwatch was released ) . 
  they eventually [ injected a new anti-cheat system into the server ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/50fc6p/riot_korea_implements_anticheat_system_into_lol/ ) and decreased cheating there a bit , they then went directly after the websites that sold cheats and scripts . 
  actually , his ult looks like [ thor 's ult from smite ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tz9pl3lq-qc ), 
  wait , why do they mention spots for shanghai and seoul ? 
  it 's an na exclusive league was n't it ? 
  i thought the immortals dude was at least reasonable , but i have no idea how he can justify to his investors a 20 million buy-in with no possibility of seeing money back until 2021 , for the mets and patriots that 's peanuts , but for an endemic org it 's ridiculous , specially since they already have to pay the 10 million for the league franchise , how the fuck did he get 30 million to invest into 2 esport titles ? 
  no offense but cinema podcasts are a very overcrowded group , what makes them better than the thousands of similar `` discuss current movies '' podcasts ? 
  also , the 2 aussies discussing movies is already done by mr.sunday movies lol, 
  nothing against the guys , i hope they find an audience , i love podcasts and love finding new ones , but i already dropped a bunch of movie podcasts because there 's only so many `` hot takes on current movies '' i ca n't listen before people just start saying the same stuff . 
  goodluck for them though , 
  how so ? 
  they started as an esports team and only recently did they have big investments by vc groups . 
  and they were n't bought out by anyone like it happened to dignitas and the 76ers , so they are still very much an endemic org . 
  the new england patriots and the ny mets would be non-endemic orgs if you want to compare it , since they have no background in the esport industry . 
  there 's a difference between what vcs are investing in teams right now , and getting someone to give you 30 million just for franchise spots , at least riot is going to share the revenue right from the start , blizzard says `` maybe in 2021 '', 
  well , there 's always the good old `` the lcs structure is fucking garbage '' , and the realities of this system are finally being noticeable :, 
  - almost zero real international competition creates competitive echochambers and korea dominantes thanks to having the best squads and constantly improving inside their own league, 
  - it sucks for players : if you are a good team you are constantly playing and training , from january to november , with zero downtime which results in burnouts and low performance . 
  if you are a middle of the pack or bottom team you only play 50 % of what the top teams play , since you do n't participate in msi , rivals , worlds , and you have no other options in the scene . 
  - it sucks for the viewers and it 's being represented with the falling viewership : it 's just straight up boring to watch league , there 's some variety now but it 's still minimal , the lcs structure gives matches zero tension and the `` narratives '' feel shallow and meaningless . 
  and there 's a huge over saturation of matches , with something like 50 to 70 single matches played every week it 's super hard to follow everything and know what games are actually worth watching, 
  so c9 are the tsm of cs : go ? 
  no wonder reggie just ignored his cs squad , he could n't get his main demographic . 
  even though to be fair , meteos and sneaky 's fanbase are probably the most childish of any league pro . 
  meh , the only interesting ability is the ult , which can be easily dodged since it 's another skillshot . 
  the rest looks pretty standard , it looks like they put most of his damage in his passive , which might be extremely situational , the crab walk is hilarious though . 
  sidenote [ they made crabot ] ( https://lolstatic-a.akamaihd.net/frontpage/apps/prod/rg-urgot-update-2017/en_gb/c4a6c5ff7c1506d096b3c8ae1b4579bd5fc4124b/assets/img/downloads/crabgot-wallpaper-1920x1080.jpg ) a kaiju , neat . 
  shitting on league is a marathon not a sprint buddy , the hate must be continuous and steady , unless riot does something naughty , in those cases you can blow a new hole in their pretty asshole :d, 
  the fear is only if you kill the target though . 
  true , if you get someone you can recall the ult and disdain them backwards into your team , might be a good combo , i guess his numbers will be really important , if people are correct and his ult is an execute ( i.e. 
  % missing health ) than yes it will would be pretty good . 
  i still do n't like the shotgun legs mechanic though , since it says that you lose damage if you auto from the direction of a leg you already `` used '' , this means he 's forced to continuously move around the target , this works for fiora and her vitals because that bitch has a ton of mobility , urgot is a slow machinecrab . 
  oh i did n't read that , i thought you could call it back whenever you wanted . 
  so you can only recall it if they are below some % health ... hmm interesting , that effectively makes it true damage since you can only recall it if they are going to die anyways , it means you can delete a tank instantly if he goes below a certain % health . 
  edit : ( rioter ) `` he can only re-cast r to execute a enemy that falls below 25 % hp '' .
