  lol 4k health tank goes to 1k , insta delete , this is gon na be hilarious . 
  [ black lantern batman is black enough ? 
  ] ( http://vignette2.wikia.nocookie.net/marvel_dc/images/8/89/black_lantern_batman_02.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20100326155117 ), 
  what 's wrong with katarina ? 
  she 's way better than she was before . 
  lb is fine , she 's still played in pro-play even after consecutive nerfs . 
  ryze ... he should just be deleted at this point , he 's also the pinnacle of riot 's unintuitive design , `` lets give ryze everything '' poke , waveclear , burst damage , sustain damage , high mobility , team mobility , tankiness through shield that increases with your damage , it 's fucking impossible to balance something like this . 
  it wo n't make any difference , the viewers will just go back to close themselves inside their region and watch their teams fight eachother and never improve , just look at na and eu . 
  honestly the way the meta works in league and with riot 's stupid lcs system , any other region besides korea is better off just watching their regional tournaments if they only care about watching one of their teams win something . 
  there 's nothing more edgy in that `` pain = power '' category than [ marvel 's penance ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/thumb/e/e7/penancetbolts.png/220px-penancetbolts.png ) , super hero causes explosion that kills 600 people including children , starts marvel 's civil war , traumatized by the event the only way for him to use his powers is to have 600 needles pierce his body so that every time he moves he feels every single death that he caused . 
  it was such a shitty story specially since he went back to being the marvel version of flash a couple of years later , but people fucking loved civil war . 
  the mods on that sub are incredibly anal about stuff not directly related to the game , they even deleted threads about riot 's acquisition of radiant last year . 
  the only time they ever put anything non-league related in that sub is when they link to dota during ti . 
  yes , sgdq might influence a bit , they currently have almost 200k watching the dark souls 3 speedrun , but i do n't think league viewer and speedrun viewer overlaps that much , in the previous years there was regular season na matches with more viewers than this league event , like tsm vs clg would regularly get at least 400k viewers , now it barely gets 200k if they are lucky . 
  also , league is not growing in playerbase , someone showed how this season there 's less ranked accounts in the na server than the previous season . 
  when you are that far ahead it does n't mean you ca n't decline and still be dominant . 
  case in point : wow, 
  meh i started watching last week but stopped , he quotes the vox video about skill vs luck in regular sports but ignores how the list was made and what it actually means , instead makes a 30 minutes video doing zero actual statistical analysis and going by his gut of what should be considered rng and how tournament systems relate to the esport being mostly skill or luck , it could have at least supported his list with some actual data , but that would involve actual work instead of shitting out a 30 minute meaningless opinion piece . 
  that is my issue with the video , there 's definitely something interesting to be analyzed from a statistical standpoint about luck vs skill in esports , especially with how to quantify skill in an environment where luck based attributes ( rng ) are intrinsically injected into the game 's mechanics . 
  but thoorin 's video feels like an arbitrary shallow attempt at it using concepts from the vox video but without any of the numbers to back it up . 
   however the vox video also states that the less variability in terms of winners the more skill based the game is . 
  meaning that the best team will always win if all luck elements are removed . 
  korea wins all tournaments in league where no team or player has won ti twice . 
  also tsm won 5 out of 9 na lcs splits ( the others were 2 splits in a row for clg and 2 in a row for c9 ) , while fnatic won 5 out of 9 in eu lcs , with g2 winning the last 3 splits in a row . 
  in league top teams do tend to stay at the top . 
  seriously pray and bang have been disgusting at ashe for years , saying that deft should learn how to play her from doublelift is almost insulting lol, 
  well with the retarded amount of mobility they are injecting into champions nowadays you actually have to aim * sometimes * so you can hit them . 
  pretty much this , people will spend the next 3 months talking about china being a top region again , until they have to face koreans in a ~ ~ bo3 ~ ~ bo5 at worlds, 
  lets see if they do a compedium this year , the riven/yasuo event looked like a trial run for something like that , and it was kinda fun . 
  i doubt their first try would even reach 20 million , but a good quests event for worlds could easily reach at least 10 million . 
  are n't quarters bo3 ? 
  i ca n't remember, 
  you ca n't copy something like dota 's compedium because of how skins work in dota ( i.e. 
  as separate parts ) . 
  there 's a ton of ways riot is n't monetizing in terms of cosmetics which is stupid , stuff like hud skins and player profile `` skins '' , these are all stuff they could create easily , special recall animations , kill animations , stuff like that . 
  there 's only so much people will grind games for simple icons . 
  i stand corrected then . 
  i honestly do n't understand why china is n't more dominant , you have by far the largest playerbase so emergent talent should be pretty big , you have the money to establish a great team infrastructure , you can easily scrim versus other strong regions like lms and korea . 
  there 's absolutely no reason for china to not be a serious contender for worlds every year , yet for the last 3 years ( ? ), 
  chinese teams have been mostly lackluster in international events . 
  is there something i 'm missing ? 
  what 's the biggest performance issue for the chinese squads ? 
  i know you are probably meme'ing but is n't guinsoo doing a new game for like the last 3 years with nothing to show ? 
  are they finally realizing that a bunch of the early rioters were n't really game devs since they are incapable of producing new stuff ? 
  this reinforces the idea that riot really needs to increase the prizepool for msi and world , why even bother trying to be pro and the best in your region when it 's not worth from a time spent vs monetary value prespective to go to the biggest international competitions . 
  i was close enough , the highest of that series was 331k , the highest overall match was actually in the first day with g2 vs fnatic with 344k according to / u/archyes [ favorite viewership counter esportscharts ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/depuytmxuaa7m7s.jpg ), 
  i swear i 'm not some salty eu kid , but the format is pretty shit , i 'll always push for more international competition , i hope next time they reconsider and make it a double elimination tournament structure with bo3 , and a bo5 final , make it a double stream if necessary , both na and eu have 2 studios now so they have the structure to do it . 
  it would be more competitive and interesting to watch than a series of 18 bo1 's . 
  also , they might be going in the correct direction , but rivals still had a pitiful viewership for one of the few international events that league has . 
  [ the highest western viewership was 344k viewers and was during the first day g2 vs c9 ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/depuytmxuaa7m7s.jpg ) , when the finals of your event has less viewers than the first day , something must be wrong . 
  the finals was yesterday , i.e. 
  saturday , at 17 pm central european time , so it started at 8 a.m in l.a 's timezone . 
  it was the perfect time frame for both regions . 
   riot absolutely refuses to do double elimination , sad but that 's just what it is . 
  well they changed the initial rivals format , the community just has to give reasonable arguments for double elimination . 
   as for finals viewership , eu is much higher population than na and for obvious reasons a lot of eu fans were n't very interested in watching . 
  sadly player population does n't matter since league has the worst player-to-viewer of the big 3 , and riot does n't seem to worried about trying to push their players to be viewers , or they are trying and failing miserably . 
  it 's also annoying that talking about mediocre or decreasing viewer numbers is like taboo in this sub . 
  bo1 's only exist because they help create narratives , imagine trying to hype up most wildcard teams if they just keep getting destroyed in bo3 ? 
  bo1 's right now are not as bad in worlds , since you have separate groups and after the group stage you usually get the best teams playing in bo5 's ... even though i still want a freaking elimination bracket at worlds , nothing against samsung , but last year 's worlds with an skt vs rox rematch would have been the most hype match in the history of league ... but now we are stuck with the `` what if ... '', 
  we will never get something like the international because worlds ( even though it was improved last year ) is a bloated mess . 
  a tournament that spans the entire month , where there 's only competition for half the days because they have to relocate cities twice , and you barely get any matches for the ridiculous amount of time it is because riot insists that every single match must be played on stage . 
  they could easily just broadcast directly from scrim rooms at least for a second stream , they have 20 + casters at worlds , it 's not for lack of manpower . 
  as someone that came into both games wayyyyyy after what happened i think that what he did is shitty as fuck and should leave a sour taste for everybody that was a member of that forum , but i also think some people are too emotionally involved with something that happened 10 years ago with a forum for a videogame , people still repeatedly wish him dead and not in a `` lul i 'm so troll '' - way, 
  i just googled london time and la time , sorry . 
  my comment was about how the finals had less viewers than a match on the first day , even though it was in a day that in theory everyone that wanted to watch it could watch it since it was saturday . 
  you really need to see the players faces during a match ? 
  by broadcasting directly from the scrim rooms i mean just put the feed of the game with the casters commentating over it , you do n't need players in a stage with live audience for every single match . 
  you understand there 's a big ping difference between playing in a lan and playing online right ? 
  there 's still a competitive benefit to the players to be physically in the same building to play a competitive match , there 's no reason that you need to put every single match in the fucking stage . 
  dota and cs : go both have matches for their big tournaments that are n't stage matches , it helps with scheduling if you want to have as many matches as possible , is it really that hard to understand ? 
  you guys understand that if league mods complain too much and reddit starts to think all we do here is brigadiring , they can force the sub to shutdown right ? 
  people use the np link for a reason . 
  well acording to their sub , this is all lies , the rl 's sources are trying to manipulate the negotiations so they can get lower deals , that or rl wants owl to fail because ... he 's a cs : go commentator ? 
  i guess ... / r/competitiveoverwatch is starting to slowly become / r/conspiracy, 
  the thread was actually 12 days old , the pendragon comment was him responding 8 days later to someone that tagged him , it 's almost impossible for so many new comments to surface on a 12 days old thread on that sub unless someone posted it somewhere else , which is why people are getting banned . 
  to be fair 8 hours ago there were more but they have been downvoted . 
  but they have another thread where a mod stickied his own comment saying he has inside information and that most leaks ( positive or negative ) are just people trying to influence the negotiations , and he knows things that makes him `` confident in overwatch 's continued success '' . 
  people bitch about riot buying their subs mods , the overwatch sub is n't that far behind . 
  i never saw the last samurai , i know people have criticized the movie for the last samurai being a white dude , is that any justification in the movie for that ? 
  why is tom cruise the savior ? 
  definitely a good example , i love that movie btw . 
  oh that makes much more sense , i should give it a try . 
  and ironicly , it 's every `` counterculture '' tween favorite movie ... in a similar way that so many kids ( and depressingly some 24 year olds i know ) see harley and joker 's relationship as romantic instead of fucked up . 
  the korean mvp org ? 
  i thought they were hopeful that bigger kespa teams were going to invest in overwatch , not that the current ones would leave lol . 
   why would they drop the team that looks very promising , especially that ow is the only esport they 're in , other than clash royale, 
  clash royale is officially a better esport than overwatch xd, 
  it probably did n't help that it came out on the same year as jesse eisenberg 's the double , with both movies being based on 2 novels both called the double one by saramago and the other by dostoyevsky . 
  for the longest time i thought it was just 1 movie that i kept putting off watching lol . 
  i personally would n't call any of aronofsky 's movies `` pretentious '' , he tends to do very raw portraits of his characters and their emotions , and he 's not the most subtle of directors imo, 
  you touched and liked tencent game ? 
  cloverfield 's marketing was not really my thing and i do think it was overall bad at selling the movie , but the amount of detail put into the arg is super interesting , [ you can see this video explaining it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv4_iouoi5k ), 
  i have no idea how to stop these bots , they are starting to get annoying , the other day i had a bot commenting on another bot ... 
  when are they going to sue themselves for producing a dota knockoff then ? 
  ahahaha am i right boys ? 
  ... i 'll excuse myself . 
  to be fair i kinda hated bane in the movie , partly because him being a obedient puppy for talia completely goes against what the character is in the comics . 
  pretty much , what made me go read more negative reviews was watching the review of r/movies favorite youtuber punching bag [ chris stuckmann ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yhbbta8w7s8 ) , the movie just completely flew over his head . 
  she 's the one that drove 15 hours to meet him though , the post is from the prespective of the girl .
