  no , there 's the one in the trailer ... which last exactly the amount of time it did in the trailer , most of the fights are in big dark rooms, 
  honestly , the thing i miss most about esportswiki was their champion statistics , no idea why bigger wikis like gamepedia do n't have that information . 
  edit for context : these were the best features of esportswiki in my opinion ; their [ champion statistics page ] ( http://lol.esportswikis.com/wiki/league_championship_series/north_america/2017_season/spring_season/statistics/champions ) and their [ individual player champion statistics ] ( http://lol.esportswikis.com/wiki/svenskeren/statistics/2017 ), 
  i think there 's one thing missing from the video , and it 's pretty important from a video game context . 
  video games have one defining aspect that separates them from other mediums like movies , television and literature , the interactivity between the player and the game , and most games with a narrative tend to separate the interactivity from the storytelling . 
  by this i mean , most games will have :, 
  - story segment : a cutscene or a pause in the action where the characters will stop and have some expository dialogue ;, 
  - gameplay segment : where the interactivity will happen and narrative is pushed to the side, 
  naughty dog does something different with their games , they meld the narrative and character development into the interactive segments . 
  their characters constantly talk , make jokes , banter , and this it makes the game feel so much more alive , you are n't just controlling a robot that tells you their story between mauling a bunch of npcs , you are following these people in their journey while you guide them , you are there in the narrative with them which makes it feel so much more personal than just watching cutscenes telling you a story . 
  some devs started imitating naughty dog , that 's why you have so many modern games where you control a character and you have another one with you , to allow those conversations to happen ( case in point : bioshock infinite ) and to be fair naughty dog 's method is not perfect and it 's not the only way to tell a cinematic interactive story , some games do n't have multiple characters together or do n't even have a speaking protagonist , the merging of narrative and gameplay usually has to rely mostly on gameplay mechanics . 
  but naughty dog are really great at telling engaging personal stories while smartly utilizing the benefits of the video games medium . 
  more context : esportswiki had only a 5k revenue over the year , and gamurs invested 280k . 
  esportswiki was great , but their service should have been an extra associated to a bigger website or organization , there 's no way they could generate 280k revenue to at least cover the initial investment . 
  there 's not much you can do , this will most definitely result in league going the way sc2 went , just slightly slower because riot still maintains the western leagues closed to foreigners . 
  if anything will kill pro-league of legends , it will be exactly the fact that a country can maintain dominance over the entire scene . 
   if you compare the western viewerships between lol and dota , the numbers are pretty even . 
  for previous years that statement is debatable , but i would bet that this year 's worlds western viewership might actually be close to ti 's . 
  if you keep losing nobody cares about you , so no fans . 
  also there 's 2 incentives for you to do well in the na lcs franchise , top teams and players will receive a small bonus , and teams that stay in the bottom for 5 splits will be forced out of the lcs . 
  oh , that 's exactly what i wanted , thanks !, 
  btw i do n't know if you work for either of the esport departments but has riot na or riot eu ever considered creating a database for the lcs similar to the website you linked ? 
  i 'm guessing you guys have easier access and probably are able to get more information than outside developers using the api, 
  holy shit a thread criticizing the eu viewership that is n't below the 50 % threshold :o it 's a miracle !, 
  the other day i gave up discussing with a guy about how ridiculous that a region with almost 3 times the number of players of na has 1/2 of na lcs viewership . 
  at least some people in that thread are smart enough to see that eu lcs is garbage right now . 
  context : thunderdome is a yearly event they do where rioters can group up and make a small side project with x amount of time . 
  it does n't necessarily have to be a game , it might be a community interaction project or something else , iirc their board game started there . 
  [ here 's a small 6 minutes doc about the event ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zb4x4djzvai ), 
  fine ... [ take a slice ] ( https://i.pinimg.com/736x/64/86/91/64869167937020c892a2033ac8b3fe1a--league-legends-children-cake.jpg ), 
  [ you deny the darkness in your soul !, 
  you deny your power !, 
  ] ( https://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/leagueoflegends/images/a/a5/veigar.taunt.ogg/revision/latest?cb=20121127013315 ), 
  seriously doubt it , riot has invested too much into competitive league infrastructure for their next game to not have a competitive aspect . 
  any probable future riot game will have 2 things :, 
  - ability to easily translate league of legends characters to the new game, 
  - it has to have a competitive side . 
  because esports are really really good at advertising your game and keeping player engagement , and unlike traditional advertising , if you get sponsors and other sorts of revenue for your tournaments , it 's pretty much economically self sustaining advertising . 
  i think they already did the biggest thing they could do with the recent majors/minors change , orgs need sponsors to make money , and sponsors want exposure . 
  now with the new system orgs can schedule their circuit and sell sponsorship deals by saying they will go to x amount of majors/minors at a specific date and these events will have probably x amount of viewers . 
  teams have more stability to negotiate these deals . 
  it was a mini-game that 3 or 4 rioters made for their gamejam this year . 
   who knows if they are working on another full fledged game though , i would n't hold my breath . 
  the radiant guys are probably doing something , unless riot just bought them to kill them , i.e. 
  1 ) why do people have such a hateboner for sterling in this sub ? 
  i know this is an issue with reddit in general but the downvote arrow is for content and comments you think are n't good for the discussion , not to downvote stuff you do n't like or disagree with , some subs even have that warning if you hover the downvote , maybe r/games should consider the same . 
  2 ) the most interesting part of the video in my opinion is the discussion around the future of publishers in gaming , besides the big conglomerates that bought studios and have them under them like ea , ubisoft etc , i really think that many smaller independent studios might just opt into cutting the middle man and release the game on a virtual store , we finally reached a point where storage is cheap enough and internet speed is high enough for most people to be more willing to download their games than to buy a physical copy by going to a store or having to wait for the delivery . 
  publisher know this , which is why everybody and their mothers are doing online stores now . 
  damn , how old is that thing ? 
  i started league in 2013 and i think that jax splash is older than that . 
  also , leona - tanky dps ( ??? 
  ) ... and trundle/nasus/udyr / yorick never had glapclosers , as far as i know . 
  anyways , that 's shit is outdated as fuck ... there 's also fiora , camille , kled , vi , rengar , hecarim that could be put into those definitions . 
  fuck , just look at the 3 cunts of toplane , fiora , camille and irelia , they are all just different shades of the same shit . 
  sidenote : i could n't open the picture until i told 4chan i was n't a bot ... 
  can you give an example of him doing that ? 
   praise its autodrive mechanics as an example of adding an easy mode not hurting a game, 
  ok , this is completely out of topic , but what 's wrong with that ? 
  easy modes just allow new players to enjoy the game that otherwise would n't be able to , as long as they do n't interfere with the gameplay of the rest of the players it makes no sense to be against it . 
  platinumgames loves doing this , and this sub loves their games , nobody ever said bayonetta 's gameplay was diluted thanks to the single-bottom mode . 
  honestly , it looks really cheap , maybe because i just finished watching the netflix castlevania show , but the animation here looks lackluster, 
  hmm , that 's an ugly ass skin , i really do n't like the bright neo color . 
  eternum nocturne has it but it 's mostly just highlights , in this skin most of cass 's body is bright as fuck . 
  i guess i 'm the only person that misses and wants a new fire emblem with modern 2d combat animations , but i guess that ship sailed years and years ago after they first jumped to consoles :\\, 
  i agree , also the tail being that bright is kinda confusing since until now , brightness in a champion 's model is connect to gameplay mechanics , when someone uses an ability or with stuff like sheen procs . 
  if riot really cares about readability they need to dull those sfx more . 
  semantics , it not like the famicon games were even available outside of japan , for many people their first introduction to fire emblem were the gba games . 
  because riot does n't want to increase worlds ' prizepool by too much , no way is it making more money than championship zed . 
  i was being slightly sarcastic , apparently i really needed the / s , i seriously doubt riot is n't doing a compendium type deal with worlds , after using the missions on several events this year . 
  ignoring how cringe inducing this videos are , nothing really changed since they released the champions announcement , the only new thing is that we now know the `` special items '' he can forge ... and in good old riot fashion it 's just some stats boosts , nothing interesting added to the items . 
  without wanting to be racist ... is that fat yellowstar or just another random fat asian kid ? 
  edit : ok i saw the video clip , it is yellowstar , why the fuck did they use a picture of him fat ? 
  this appears to be just a general marketing video , not for a new expansion , so my question is , did they solve the issue of new players and people trying to get back into the game having a bazillion less cards then other players ? 
  the animation is nice and all , but it 's not going to fix the issue that heartstone has with being a super hard game to get into , and not necessarily thanks to it 's complexity . 
  because esports are really really good at advertising your game and keeping player engagement , and unlike traditional advertising , if you get sponsors and other sorts of revenue for your tournaments , it 's pretty much economically self sustaining advertising . 
  not all games need to be like the cs/dota/league , i presume most tier 2 games with 30k-50k viewers average are enough to justify the initial investment, 
  `` a subreddit dedicated to discussions based on comparisons between dota 2 and the games it rivals . '', 
  seems to be within the objectives of this sub . 
  that chain ability is pretty interesting , can he control the second proc or does it just attach to the closest enemy or structure ? 
  yeah , i saw it again and it shows the ability vector coming out of the initial target hit . 
  it looks neat , it means you can get some weird angles with it , and your enemy can fuck an ally if they start running in the direction of someone important . 
  my issue is hots heroes look like toys , the animations are for the most part lackluster , you do n't really feel the impact of them in my opinion . 
  besides that , i really think blizzard should had run with the idea of making a true brawler instead of a simplistic league of legends which in it self is already a simplistic dota . 
  the most fun i had with hots was in their small arena maps , the game does n't feel engaging enough from a strategy viewpoint but it 's fun to just throw 5 people into another 5 , much like the smite arena mode . 
  lol i kinda wan na try hextech freezeray on ekko , it pretty much guarantees you can easily proc your entire combo , including the backing q , on someone and just walk away without them being able to do shit , maybe even better than stormraiders right now . 
  lol and it creates a slow zone with actives like protobelt , this is actually hilarious . 
  nah , i just did n't understand the description , in that case gunblade ekko it is , it 's already a pretty good cheese build, 
  i have nothing against full foreign squads , specially in open circuits like dota . 
  but city-based esports is stupid as fuck in esports , and this just shows i 'm right , now imagine if c9 also gets a full korean squad , that would be an american org representing an european country with a full korean squad . 
  yup , this was no problem at all in starcraft , i 'm sure most western viewers will love seeing full korean squads representing their cities . 
  and it actually shows that pretty much everyone in the show are just really really shitty people lol excluding him , he 's probably the nicest person in the tv show . 
  edit : seriously i ca n't think of anyone that is n't at least a dick , even the woman that wanted to fuck jesse was fucking the politician to get free stuff and help with her kids even though she wanted nothing with him . 
  pretty much , the skinner box is the most basic example of operant conditioning and it 's not like manipulating player behavior is something that games exclusively do to make money . 
  it 's game design 101 for most games , if you want the players to behave in a certain way you need to insert reinforcements and punishments to condition said behavior . 
  tl ; dr : most games are skinner boxes , some just use it 's basic mechanisms for more nefarious purposes . 
  it 's better if you post this on / r/globaloffensive and / r/leagueoflegends, 
  the 18 age limit is a legal issue , at least for the lcs it is iirc , i think there 's a german law that does n't allow kids younger than 18 to work more than x amount of hours . 
  i think people already said that valve events for dota seem to play around the laws a bit , people were commenting about it when admiralbulldog was denied entry into the u.s. for ti . 
  the show will most definitely end with bojack committing suicide in my opinion , it 's his depression that keeps fucking up all his relationships , jobs , life in general , and he never really deals with it . 
  i do n't have a problem with a hordes of enemies , these types of shows need them otherwise the hero will be fighting almost exclusively the main antagonist , and he either wins and the show ends super early , or he keeps losing and it gets super boring .
