  also , they acquired a fighting game dev earlier this year , so we can expect a league of fighters ( official ) eventually . 
  i 've said this before , riot has a bunch of ex-blizzard people now , just make a diablo-type game with league characters , there 's a bunch of new isometric action-rpg coming out so there 's a market for them . 
  or they could just hire obsidian like bethesda did with new vegas , that would be awesome . 
  and that 's why karthus is a scripter 's wet dream and is often used as such , even in korean high elo . 
  the same could be said about k1ck itself :\\, 
  it 's a matter of perspective , if you value more the actual players , they were affected more by dq , but riot also said that only a loud minority disliked the change ( even though we ca n't really know if this is true ) , on the other hand , the reggie + monte issues only affect the esports scene , which 99,9999 % of the community is n't a part of . 
  i think the biggest fuck up for riot this year overall is their atrocious company structure and communication ( between riot divisions and to outside entities and community ) , which resulted in both their biggest issues this year . 
  are you glitching buddy ? 
  or did riot write your code ? 
  the issue with dq was never the queue itself , many people started playing ranked thanks to it , the issue was them deleting soloq . 
  like you said this is a team game , do n't force me to play with and vs groups of people when i 'm unable to do the same since all my friends are n't higher than silver . 
  for people unable to play dq with friends that ranked queue was a coin flip of which team had the better and more coordinated premades , which you were unable to control and many people felt frustrated about this . 
  19 % of those 20 % lol players watching esports are chinese/korean/east asian and do n't care about lcs nor reggie , while every region was affected by dq . 
  also the issue with money in lcs is a much bigger problem than what was discussed , there 's a huge inflation in the lcs market right now and people keep pumping money into it , while the roi is still not there and may never exist . 
  it was a combo of riot not evolving with their own esports scene and leaving it as a big ad for their game , and the teams trying to brute force more control of the scene like they are doing in cs : go right now . 
  i understand that there was a market for shorter dota/moba-type games , and hots fills that niche , but i find it weird that it 's use so often as the main argument in favor of hots , when it 's often associated with the mobile market and more specifically , watered down versions of popular genres that you can pick up , play a couple of minutes and logoff . 
  to be fair i 've also seen the argument used in favor of overwatch , i wonder is this is the natural adaptation of blizzard to their maturing consumer base that grew up playing time consuming games ( wow , sc , diablo ) and are now older , have more responsibilities and look for less time consuming games which seems to be blizz main target , with heartstone , overwatch and hots all filling this same niche . 
  i 'm sorry but i get a little annoyed at the mentality that last-hitting is an archaic design , because it decontextualises the process in which it happens . 
  sure it 's main direct benefit is gold and experience , but it also conditions the movement and behaviour of the players , since it might put you in a more precarious situation when you decide to go for an last-hit , it also forces you to observe your position and our enemy 's position for a possible opening so you can maximise your damage output while being safer , this sounds cheesy but it 's a lot more about the mind games you can play vs your lane opponent than just the gold . 
  i do n't have much experience with dota 2 , but i see the denying mechanic as another layer to this cat-and-mouse interaction that happens , more knowledgeable people can correct me . 
  i think there 's a still pretty high percentage of people ( young people in fact ) that think like this , i know a ftm guy that my housemate still refuses to consider him a dude , even though he started hormones more than 4 years ago and already had full reconstructive surgery . 
  in my housemates head , you are only a guy if you were born a guy ... there might be some religious subtext there though , but i know more people that think the same way . 
  so to them , it would be gay sex . 
  you said sexuality is in the head but then you use a cultural concept ( gay/straight ) to describe someone 's sexual preference , using masculinity as a barrier for this does n't make sense since there are many masculine women out there and people attracted to them , would a man attracted to masculine women be gay ? 
  that 's the innate issue with discussing one 's sexuality and sexual preferences in the same context . 
  a ton of channels lost a fair share of views in the last couple of months because of changes youtube made to their algorithms and recommendations system . 
  he still has a stable 500.000 viewers per video while having 1 million subs , that 's a bigger subs-to-actual-viewers ratio than many are seeing nowadays . 
  was n't that the entire point of the last shot of the movie ? 
  where the camera pans out into the crowd to make it a mirror image of a crowd in a cinema , we all paid and stayed for 3 hours listening to the rambles of this despicable man pretty much getting away with everything , and we still felt sorry for him at the end because he was following his `` american dream '' by rising from nothing to riches , but ended up falling and losing almost everything . 
  it 's also the old critique of `` we are part of the problem that man like him explore over and over again '' , by somewhat justifying his behavior to ourselves . 
  your dominion ^ ^ ^ rip flair is sweet . 
  well it was n't exactly a horrible end , it was horrible for his standards , but he was still `` above '' everyone in that audience ( and by association above us , the movie viewers ) , like i said , it was an horrible person acting horribly but getting away with it . 
  i can respect you not enjoying the movie , there 's a ton of movies that i 'm incapable of enjoying like other people because of my personal contexts , i think i might also not enjoy silence because it has heavy religious themes that irk me because of my background , but understanding how and why other people enjoy movies you do n't is always interesting . 
  to be fair there 's a ton of ~ ~ basic shit ~ ~ ** insane plays ** like this that most players do n't even think about while playing , i live with two silver league players and they do n't even think about basic stuff like moving inbetween attacks/spells , and 70 % of players are like them ( according to ranked stats ) . 
  i guess i would be at the same level as them when it comes to dota 2 , since there 's a bunch of stuff i still do n't know and have to learn ... oh god i feel sorry for my dota 2 player-self < _ <, 
  tl ; dr : most players are mindless retards . 
  this happened because riot decided to destroy armor pen during the assassins rework and made it scale into late game like most other stats , so adcs that could use it for early game power spikes got fucked . 
  i for one think we should enjoy the new era of ap ziggs bot , at least it 's something different . 
  i remember enjoying spirits within when i was younger , was n't the biggest complain that it did n't felt like a ff movie though ? 
  which looking back was probably why i liked it , since i could never get into the final fantasy franchise . 
  he also meshes really well with ~ ~ achilios ~ ~ budget doa . 
  honestly , ogn 's ability to grab great casters is amazing , they are usually top tier talent or have the ability to be really great . 
  holy < _ < i knew the no man sky scam-hype was big but i did n't think it had reached `` top 12 on steam '' in sales , that makes it so much worse . 
  i think the issue associated with this is that the death recap is shit ever since it was implemented , it 's been years and years ( including a full hud and ui rework ) and no fix , besides being mostly useless cause it does n't give you any useful information since it omits a ton of stuff , it 's also full of bugs such as showing non-damage abilities dealing damage , even flash can show up as a damaging ability . 
  i do n't think riot cares about their ability names , have you seen jhin 's names ? 
  his w is a long skill shot that if it hits a marked target he gets rooted , his e is a flower-looking trap that when it gets activated by the enemy it explodes , guess which ability is named `` deadly flourish '' and which is `` captive audience '' - __ -, 
  i 'm sorry , unfortunately you are smarter than riot , they named them the other way around . 
  i feel the issue with riot 's philosophy is the reliance of specific traits for each role , so that each champion can be interchangeable like you said , every tank has to have hard cc / % base damage , every bruiser has to have ultra mobility , every mage has to be able to safely wave clear , otherwise they are n't picked . 
  this issue also impacts pro-play , since all champions in one role pretty much do the exact same thing , most tier s champions will be the ones with the most reliable damage or cc , instead of being picked by the small variables to their abilities that could be used to for a specific strategy in mind , like it happens in dota . 
  also , riot 's philosophy and the system they implemented , both having to unlock champions and having champions grouped into `` roles '' , created this stupid mentality of sticking to their champion pool instead of trying to counter pick enemy champions . 
  league is back to the tank meta , with everyone bitching about it every day in that stupid sub , yet trundle which makes tanks turn to butter with his ult actually declined in playrate because people do n't `` enjoy '' playing him , people will keep playing they preferred champions instead of adapting and trying to figure out counters , so they cry wolf until riot nerfs what they perceive as op , or just wait until some proplayer figures a counter . 
  same shit is happening with ziggs bot , he has the highest bot winrate right now because nobody bothers to try to counter him and play a standard bot lane against him . 
  ok i agree with you that forcing people to play champions that they perceive as unfun to be able to counter a specific meta is not the best strategy . 
  still the issue relies on riot to implement more context specific items and balance the game around them , which they showed over and over again they are reluctant to do , or show no nuanced when implementing them , and we have seen that many context specific items usually make your build very slot inefficient because of how the game scales with raw stats , which is why most actives are in support items , who are bought by champions that need little to no scaling to be useful ( ignoring the current build ap/pen and become a 5th carry with karma/zyra/brand ), 
  shields are not inherently a problem since they work as temporary health boosts , the issue is that many masteries and items increase shields strength nowadays , a simple solution would be to make grievous wounds also decrease shield generation by a certain % like it does with healing , the same thing happened when tenacity was a big stat to get and people stopped playing champions with stuns and slows opting for disruptions and knockups since these ca n't be reduced with tenacity , the issue was n't this specific form of hard cc but the fact that tenacity was easy to stack and made most forms of cc useless . 
  i have the feeling ogn might try to refocus their brand into other titles now in conjunction with their casters ( * coughcough * overwatch * coughcough * ) , there 's no reason for ogn to keep spending money and effort in a league that they are losing control over , while they have their own league in other titles , and have more to win by promoting them . 
  in other words , enjoy the few days of ogn casters you get while you can . 
  i know that , when i was talking about league i meant the tournament/structure , like they had control over the previous champions league or their sc proleague ( or how we associate esl with the iem ) , right now as a tournament brand lck is no longer ogn 's thing since they completely have to share it with spotv . 
  meanwhile they have the overwatch apex league , which they can brand as theirs . 
  tl ; dr : it 's no longer `` ogn 's lck '', 
  he used his ult after rengar used his empowered w , that 's the entire point of ls getting angry , for some retarded reason not only does rengar get a free qss but he also gets crowd control immunity for 1.5 seconds . 
  well , he definitely does n't give a shit about his money with the shit tier players he keeps getting for his league team , also last time i 've heard his cs : go team is n't doing much better either . 
  they need to try a bit harder since amazon already sucked riot 's cock into a bunch of exclusive interviews and segments and exclusive coverage of the new university tournament circuit . 
  [ at least amazon 's esports did a segment a couple of weeks ago with the ad finem vs eg match 3 game on it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gujpsmdseww ) , is zorine te in any way knowledgeable about dota or should she be ignore like i already do with her co-worker travis when he starts talking about league . 
  rip infinite crisis , born march 26 , 2015 dead by august 14 , 2015 . 
  it was actually pretty fun to be fair . 
  maybe they will do a sequel that will also be better than the original , like how 52 was a vastly better story than the series infinite crisis . 
  they are called passives , not mini-games . 
  my issue with the movie was how weird the cgi characters ( which looked really really great ) looked next to the real life humans . 
  go full cgi or go practical effects with some cgi on top of them , most of the scenes with humans felt like watching the sw prequels again < _ <, 
  last year they acquired radiant entertainment , they were doing a fighting game called rising thunder which was scrapped , the theory is that riot bought them so they would do a fighting game with league art assets . 
  riot absolutely hates talking about stuff without it being close to finish or in the near future , i guess they learned from promising shit over 7 years ago and only now started checking some of those boxes off . 
  but to be fair they only acquired them less than 1 year ago , maybe they will show off something in the next couple of months , league has a riot organised international tournament in march ( ? ), 
  called mid-season invitational ( msi ) . 
  it would be a good place and time to reveal their next game , there 's precedent for them doing it ( mostly with skins though ) . 
  dota/moba style fighting is closer to diablo than street fighter , wtf are you talking about ? 
  it 's no where near the same mechanics < _ <, 
  if you want simple/low mechanics but strong junglers zac/rammus/volibear are pretty straightfoward and are really good right now with the courage of the colossus mastery , and they are more versatile than current ww . 
  the marksman 's rework was also somewhat of a success , it opened the map for adcs instead of being forced to be botlane , which as someone that loves adcs but hates botlane it was pretty neat . 
  the issue is that they were released with some pretty broken items , and riot being riot nerfed both the items and most of the adcs . 
  ( same happened with the mages updates , good kit reworks with interesting mechanics , but broken item interactions resulted in nerfs after nerfs ), 
  what are they doing to mah baby karma ?!, 
   focused resolve ( w ) - now does the same damage over two ticks instead of three . 
   [ note : this would nerf the r cooldown granted by damaging with the ability . ], 
  well ... rip tank karma, 
  i seriously doubt thought , i absolutely hate riot 's philosophy around items , much prefer dota 2 philosophy , but with how league evolved it 's pretty hard for them to be anything other than stat buffs balls , even if an item has a good active/passive if the stats are inferior to other items they are rarely bought because of how everything scales with items stats in league . 
  sure not many westerners watch lck like they do lcs , but it 's still a good chunk of viewerships , still monte and doa were n't exclusively korean casters before , they were one of the best if not the best talent casting duo in the scene , and they were fan favorites in international events , it also affects the western scene losing them as overall personalities that talked a lot about the game and the scene in general , mostly shitting on riot 's decisions , now most casters working in the game are just yes man that avoid talking about bugs if it happens in a pro-match . 
  as far as i know when spotv got the broadcasting rights it also includes the korean streams , so koreans will also be forced to watch the terrible broadcasting that is produced by spotv . 
  will the koreans watch the spotv broadcast if they keep having hour long delays ? 
  i know i stopped watching matches produced by them live and waited for vods last year . 
  the part about splitting production between ogn and spotv is what affects more directly koreans ( as well as western viewers ) . 
  long story short : last year he made several remarks against riot esport , from how much they pay and treat their casters , to how they fuck tournaments with drastic patches , also his team renegades was forced to sell their lcs spot after riot said there was backdoor dealings with another challenger team and with a previous owner ( which was himself banned in 2015 for participating in lcs ) , riot did not provide evidence for this not even to monte ( according to him ) so he spent the entire summer split putting out videos and articles criticising riot . 
  in the end , he was n't invited to cast worlds ( i.e. 
  after worlds he has been chilling pretty hard for blizzard ( in my personal opinion ) , still bashing riot while putting blizzard in a pedestal on how they deal with overwatch , so it was already expected that he would stop casting league ( even though he said before he would still cast ogn ), 
  which is fine , now that they have a counter to it , the new `` grounded '' debuff that they gave cassipeia , it can completely shutdown some champions . 
  i think they might be reserving that ability for champions with low mobility ( like cass ) so they can counter high mobility champions . 
  eu lcs happens in the middle of the morning/early afternoon in na at thursdays/fridays , while na starts in the evening in eu during the weekend . 
  that 's probably the reason while many europeans watch na but the reverse rarely happens . 
  1 ) i have no coding knowledge but how can they have access to such a thing so easily ? 
  that looks like a huge hole in the game o_o,
