  like , can you imagine starting a job now as a coder at riot , it must be a living nightmare , honestly the only people i think actually enjoy working at riot must be their art and music departments , all other departments are full of bullshit thanks to upper management and shit previous employees with zero game dev knowledge made . 
  monty goes way wayyyy back , the first time i remember seeing his name was in the old gametrailers website , he used to upload his [ final fantasy/dead or alive machinima videos ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eha3opxjcd0 ) there , it was probably the best machinima animator back then, 
  no love for [ scarred drug lord ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/76/bf/6a/76bf6a9064433cdee0a3795316b1943d.jpg ) lena headey from dredd ? 
  there 's 2 nerf possibilities for duskblade in my opinion :, 
  - if they think the overall item is too strong : they can reduce it 's initial damage , and increase more with level . 
  right now it 's 90 base damage + 15 per level , they could reduce it to 20 base damage + 19 per level . 
  it would result in the same damage late game but a smaller burst early game . 
  - if they think the item is being abused by ranged carries but it 's balance for melee carries : they can give reduced damage to ranged users , like 60 % less effectiveness . 
   the first two acts are epic at defying the molds of space dramas . 
  act iii goes in a predictable direction , relegating it into another space monster movie . 
  i personally have issues with the third act , mostly i disliked that pinbacker made it a slasher flick instead of psychological , but you really ca n't say that . 
  sunshine was from the start an horror movie more than a space drama , right from the start it takes inspiration in lovecraftian cosmic horror , and the dying the sun represents the big unknown . 
  just a sidenote but seriously , cs : go spectator should be the golden standard for every single esport , it 's incredibly optimized to give as much information as possible without cluttering the entire ui , it 's beautiful . 
  meanwhile you have yasuo that reaches decent with 1 crit item and godlike with 2 crit items , it will be impossible to balance the crit items or masteries without them being abused by champions with free crit chance like trynd and yasuo . 
  dude , [ he 's currently crowdsourcing how to write the tooltip of the abilities of his newest champion ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/comments/6nwgdz/xpost_lets_workshop_a_better_kayn_e_tooltip/ ) . 
   part of me does n't blame him, 
  well it 's his champion though . 
  i fucking hate riot 's insistence in putting a shitton of passives into an abilities that are already good at their base function , it 's one of their main cases for the recurrent abysmal champion balances issues they have , and it 's like they do n't even think about the overall kit just about single abilities instead of their inherent synergies in an champion . 
  wan na talk about bloated kits ? 
  look at camille their second to last hero , she pretty much has almost all forms of self-buffs ( movement speed/auto range/attackspeed ) ; 4 different types of cc ( slow/stun/push / lockdown ) ; a huge variety of damage type ( true damage/physical max % hp/magical current % hp ) ; plus the utility of a adaptive shield based on her max hp , the longest dash in league , and can become untargetable . 
  this is the guy that went against the players when everyone was asking for him to change seismic shove into a vector ability , because the way people wanted to use it was less intuitive with the previous mechanic , but he was insistent that since he was the dev he knew better than the players . 
  eventually the rest of the dev team forced him to change it and oh look she became s + tier meta . 
  [ there 's this weird chinese anime based on league ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=voua0syasms ), 
  i call camille , irelia and fiora the 3 cunts of toplane , i have a burning hatred for the 3 of them . 
  also they are the perfect example of riot 's champion design , all 3 do exactly the same thing in game , but slightly different . 
  the competitive overwatch sub is going full conspiracy mode harder than dmr , according to them it 's because mlb advanced media did a 200 million deal with riot , and overwatch is the true big competitor of league so they are trying to fuck with it . 
  the 20 mil is for the ow league , not the world cup , totally different things , it 's not like it 's made by the same people or anything . 
  ** 30 million registered accounts ** , not games bought , not active monthly players , just registered accounts . 
  and we have no idea if they count free weekends , and the amount of multiple accounts that could be easily created in pc bangs . 
  please do n't be a pr mouthpiece for blizzard by spreading misleading information . 
  edit : also , i now ca n't prove it since reddit removed the ability to see subreddit traffic , but the overwatch sub has one of the worst ratios of subscribers - sub activity ( as in unique users visiting ) , last time i checked , like 2 months ago , it had 50 % of the league 's sub activity , and slightly more than dota ( which has less than half of ow 's subs ), 
  pretty weird seeing travis be one of the voices of reason , but he pretty much nailed the issue with geolocation for teams in overwatch . 
  yes esports is huge and it 's getting bigger , but it 's numbers are only big if you are looking it from a global perspective , once you start trying to group esports fans based on cities you are pretty much fucked , the numbers will not match up with what you expect . 
  at most teams representing countries/single states , would have a fair chance at a sizable fanbase , but i still want someone to show me that esports fans give a flying shit if the team they are supporting is based physically near them or not , cause i seriously doubt it . 
  i really ca n't get into the art style of this game , those cell shaded black lines around everything makes it look cheap , but i guess that 's personal taste . 
  i 'm happy runic games are still working though , i loved the torchlight games , they are a very talented studio . 
   ian mcshane had a five-minute scene last season . 
  but he 's an actor , and his character was actually important for the plot . 
  ed sheeran literally could has said nothing and the scene would be the same . 
  ramsey should do a cover of alfie in honor of theon . 
  `` stupid invasion to r/all for promotion '' what are you talking about ? 
  all the non esports related posts are just shitposts from the mods april fool 's joke day when they made the sub a `` praise marc merril '' sub , it 's so rare to be allowed to shitpost in that sub that people went crazy . 
  i 'm not sure if you are serious or very dedicated to your shitpost :|, 
  1 ) that 's debatable , batman can be more popular than got in specific demographics and specific media ( definitely more popular in gaming though ) , but got has wider appeal . 
  2 ) and you do n't have the most neutral opinion on the subject going by your name :p, 
  and just like the khan twist , talia was also one of the weakest parts of tdk : rises . 
  the graphic novel is way darker than portrait in the game though , some times too dark , the broken toys island story arc is the stuff of nightmares and so incredibly sad . 
  i do n't wan na be mean , but they sound like timmy 's very first metal band ( i guess their name `` dangerkids '' makes sense then ) , and by this i mean they sounds incredibly generic . 
  to be fair my knowledge of nu metal started and ended in my teens with slipknot and linkin park , before i moved to other subgenres . 
  i guess it 's not fair for me to criticize what more recent bands are doing in the genre , the song you indicated is definitely more interesting than the summoner 's rift one though . 
  i never read his articles , only his videos , i guess he always felt like a riot chill , he looked more open in this video i guess . 
  yahoo esports had a direct business relationship with riot which is why i never really trusted his stuff . 
   it 's just a stereotypical comic book . 
  have you even read fables ? 
  never in my life have i been more tilted in the league sub than trying to defend double elimination for worlds , their argument is always `` oh but riot does n't do it because they do n't have time to show every match '' , and if you argue that riot could just use a second channel and directly stream from the players scrim rooms with the casters talking over it , they give the dumbfuck comment [ `` why even have a live event then ? '' ] ( http://imgur.com/a/paq6m ) . 
  this was the moment i lost all hope for that sub . 
  papa rito knows best , just look at the eu lcs , from a shitty bo2 system ( `` because europeans love ties '' lul ) , to a group system where half the teams barely play the other half during 4 months . 
  * genius *, 
  seriously , many people ( kelsey moser mostly ) are saying that the current meta does n't allow macro strategy teams to win games when deathball comps just just group mid and ram into the enemy team , but what changed for this to happened ? 
  the meta in theory has n't been this diverse in years , yet `` all-mid '' non-stop teamfights is the best strategy . 
  honestly , i 'm kinda happy that skt is in a slump , i really enjoy skt in their high , they are disgustingly good , but having them be miles ahead of the competition kinda kills all the hype for the tournament . 
  with this , korea is pretty much a battle royale for the top spot , and maybe maybe other regions will have a chance at worlds ( mostly china though ), 
  yes , i guess heavy engage dive comps are the norm right now , it 's definitely more entertaining to watch , but kinda sucks that more strategies are n't able to win games . 
  i think them constantly trading huni/untara peanut/blank is fucking with their team synergy , they keep reactionarily trading between the 2 pairs in hopes of fixing something that did n't work in a previous match , but they make the same mistakes . 
  the only success that blizzard has recently in esports is heartstone , hots has less viewership than rocket league ... i think people and developers just do n't understand how esports work , esports do n't help maintain your casual playerbase playing as much as they like to think it does , if they are casual players most often than not they are not interested in watching your esport . 
  compare the top dogs right now cs : go/dota/league , cs : go and dota have decade old dedicated playerbases that constantly play their game and watch their esport scene , yet the more casual game league of legends trumps in viewership . 
  why is that ? 
  simply because a lot more people are playing the game , yet if you go look at the stats , league of legends has the worst ratio of player-to-viewer of all the big 3 , only 33 % of their playerbase actually watches league esports . 
  the casual league player does n't give a shit about it 's esports , the competitive scene only helps maintain the most dedicated players engaged with the game even if they burn out and want to take a break . 
  the cycle of `` player-vierwer '' only happens with dedicated players , casual players will just move to the next title . 
  you know what helps maintain the casual player engaged ? 
  constant developer support ( with balance changes or new content ) so that the game keeps feeling fresh even if you played thousands of hours . 
  you can see it in his eyes ... oh wait , not anymore . 
  yes ... because people calling batman bruce all the time will do wonders to his supposed secret identity . 
   lightbringer, 
  slightly off-topic , rip lightbringer , i think they should rework it for sr :\\, 
  [ lightbringer ] ( http://leagueoflegends.wikia.com/wiki/the_lightbringer ) was an aram item , it was kinda shitty , it was only useful against teemo and shaco , but they could have reworked it into something new , i hate when riot just removes items from the game , more options are always better and help champion diversity . 
  people over at / r/thathappened would kill for this sort of content mate . 
  same with `` from the director of lucy '' ... people paid to see those movies , that 's all they care about, 
  it depends from time of day and the roles you are queue'ing up as , you pick carry mid or carry bot during the morning or at 4 a.m like op , then expect 6-7 m queues , most other times 2-3 minutes are the average , 1 minute if you queue as support or jungle, 
  yeah ... dfg the item that riot uses as an example for never creating items with powerful actives because it was useful on every mage ... yet also the item they said that 99 % of people who bought it never used the active ... 
  to be fair director is usually used to point to the person with most creative control , it is n't just about the technical direction of the movie . 
   i would n't exactly call lol casual . 
  it 's different than dota but hardly any more or less casual . 
  when i said casual i simply mean , it has a vastly larger casual community than the other two games , people that play 4-5 matches with friends every week maybe , and probably barely touch the competitive mode . 
  i think you mean the immortal 's ceo , noah whinston . 
  [ here ] ( https://dotesports.com/dota-2/immortals-ceo-noah-whinston-dota-2-15854 ) is the interview i was talking about . 
  i think he talked about it before as well in some podcast with thoorin . 
  teen me thought breaking the habit was the best song in the world at that time , it definitely help that the [ music video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v2h4l9rpkwm ) was amazing and was directed by the same guy that did the `` anime '' o-ren ishii scenes from kill bill vol .1 . 
  holy shit , that fucker was actually upvoted , damn that sub is so disgusting right now , bunch of entitled twats . 
  now i really really want riot to make all champions free just to see the shitstorm that would happen in the sub . 
  good old facebook comments xenophobia , fun for the entire family :d, 
  emily browning would be a perfect elizabeth, 
  soundtrack : [ basshunter ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qtsas1tm-ic ), 
  | director : jj abrams ( because he has the rights ), 
  that would be just rude of him , since he has dan trachtenberg under his wing and dan was the one that made that amazing [ portal fanfilm ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4drucg1a6xk ), 
  it was still lackluster when compared with the conflict of political ideologies and ethics in genetic manipulation discussed in the original bioshock , which i thought was a way better told story and environment . 
  also multiple dimensions/parallel universes is only an `` heady idea '' if you had no contact with any sci-fi media ever , it 's a standard concept in both dc and marvel comics , and there 's a ton of sci-fi shows and movies about it or partly about it . 
  well to be fair , were n't these squads selected based on their country , they are not actual teams . 
  which honestly is even worse that your prime time event right now is basically a for funzies tournament because the players have no experience together , how is this thing even considered a competitive tournament ?
