  lets be fair , dota probably has the best logo from a simplistic design standpoint , most of the others look like shit if you simplify it to those dimensions, 
  sidenote : what other games are doing it ? 
  it 's just an april fools joke by the mods , they made a `` the_donald '' parody but with marc merrill aka tryndamere , the ceo and co-founder of riot games , the developer of league of legends . 
  turn rates are one of the mechanics between the two that i argue as not being something bad or good but something that defines the game it uses it since it impacts several other mechanics , case in point , with the amount of skillshots and mobility abilities in league turn-rates would be incredibly frustrating there , it works in dota because the game relies less on those types of abilities . 
  nah , it was posted yesterday , i saw it and downvoted the ridiculous straight out of tumblr arguments , not sure why people bothered to comment that shit . 
  that origen vs fnc match was during the most recent golden age of eu lcs which saw both of them at the top 4 at worlds 2015 , that year was fucking great for rivalries ( origen x fnatic ; skt vs tigers ) . 
  anyway , there 's several reasons for the decline in viewers of the eu lcs , talent left or retired , the eu meta is stale as fuck and it 's boring to watch ( i.e. 
  those ridiculous 50 minute long matches with 5 kills ) , schedule is shitty for everyone specially for na viewers ( while na lcs is at a perfect time for both regions ) . 
  but , what i think is the real issue is over saturation , right now there 's over 50 different matches per week for the 4 major regions ( eu , na , korea and china ) , and even more if you count the smaller regions ( brazil , turkey , russia , east asia ) + the challenger scenes . 
  this is just wayyy too much , people get burned out , the lcs structure is great for teams to get consistent exposure but it sucks for viewers since week to week matches feel worthless , all you see are teams going up or down in points , even if this counts for worlds , even if the top 2 spots go to msi , the entire spring split feels like a huge boring ass filler season . 
  riot should remove spring split and open it up for a tournament circuit where you get points for msi , but that means losing control of their scene so it will never happen . 
  tl ; dr : lcs structure sucks , riot is killing their scene ( big surprise !, 
  they have good banter , which is missing in many duos and which is what monte and doa were ( are ) experts at , they understand that league has some slow moments and you do n't need to be talking about the game non-stop so you can go on funny tangents for entertainment sake . 
  why do you want to destroy the work of other people ? 
  that 's petty as fuck . 
  are you talking about random cops or section 9 agents ? 
  cause at least it makes sense for major and company to have philosophical discussions about identity and human consciousness since they all deal with it directly in their job and some have body modifications . 
  honestly , i 'm actually impressed by the stuff that people have been doing there , the map looks pretty cool overall i wish there was a way to view it all at the same time . 
  true as long as people do n't try to fuck each others logo like some people have been posting on both subs to do , fortunately both subs realize how petty it is to shit on someone else 's work . 
  to be fair the old league logo was ugly as fuck and deserved to be erased ( ironically it was the actual old icon for the game ) the new one looks better at least . 
  but i agree the dota logo is tiny , just look at what hots did ... and they are hots < _ <, 
  he 's working for riot eu , probably had some free time to do this . 
  [ it 's still just an l ] ( http://2.bp.blogspot.com/-hqsokiiv59a/u8wp4wfw28i/aaaaaaaat5u/qtsiv9ugvuy/s1600/icon.png ) but not inside an ugly ass square , it 's more in line with their redesign of the client, 
  please , the way the old w worked was incredibly clunky and made trying to combo it with e feel awful , this would be fine if vector casting did n't already exist in the game and being a far superior way to cast abilities of that type , klein was being stubborn as fuck even after many players told him this , because `` he 's the developer so he knows better than the players '' , shit attitude to have btw , he was eventually probably strong-armed by the balance team to changed it to vector casting , in the end it was a decision made by riot not the players . 
  twitch plays pokemon was chaos until they installed a democratic voting system so that people could n't just input random keys every second and fuck stuff up . 
  but i think both while similar have one distinct difference , tpp was about cooperation to reach an objective , the end goal , r/place is about cooperation to create art , there 's no objective besides creating stuff . 
  i had a teacher that did that , i did n't notice it until someone pointed it out in the middle of a class , from that moment on i could n't stop laughing every single time he said it , he asked me what was wrong , i just said `` i 'm sorry '' stood up and left the class ... 
  i tried to watch it , could n't get pass the first episode , the acting was atrocious in my opinion , no where near netflix standards . 
  august give us some sweet sweet inside info , are they 2 champions ( similar to how draven/darius were released ) , a kindred type duo , or god forbid something similar to cho ` gall ? 
  [ i think couple bird people is a trope ] ( http://www.worldofsuperheroes.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/3003982-0034621109-tumbl.jpg ), 
  oh i did n't know the strike was about webisodes , it makes much more sense why whedon 's dr.horrible sing-along blog was a webisode series . 
  i wan na say that yeah teams are getting fucked by riot not implementing more revenue streams ... but that `` teams are running in the red '' argument is bullshit and teams know it because it helps gain favor with the community , they are running in the red because they keep expanding their orgs on a year to year basis ( ffs last year tsm brought in a sports psychologist from sweden and his entire family off course their league division was bleeding money ) and giving their players 100.000 minimum a year with some almost reaching 7 figure * cough * bjergsen * cough * , it 's the same thing as when people say that youtube was n't profitable for over 10 years , they kept investing in expanding the company so profits were always in the red . 
  riot said 7 months ago that they would be implementing new team specific revenue streams into the client and get sponsors , but the spring split is almost over and they still have not said shit , which is the issue . 
  the prize pool for their next tournament ( msi ) will be increased through the sales of the challenger skin which is also tba , and still that money will only reach the top teams ( aka koreans ) . 
  they also did a 300 million dollars over 5 years deal with bamtech , but nobody knows the details nor if any of that money actually reaches the teams . 
  so overall riot said shit , still have not done shit . 
  i 'll quote myself :, 
  it 's all useless names because they look cool when you call their new champion camile a diving fighter or a skirmishing slayer -_- . 
  case in point juggernauts are ad melee dps with low mobility , divers are ad melee dps with high mobility , marksmen are really just ad ranged dps , they are all just ad high dps champions . 
  this is purely a marketing thing , in no context would people say `` hey an artillery mage would be way better in our comp than a battle mage '' , but it 's useful if you say `` welcome our new battle mage , ryze - the rune mage '' because it looks pretty in those champion spotlight pages they do . 
  it 's also pretty useless to classify champions this way since many can be defined by 2 or more of these stupid qualifications so this says fuck all about them . 
  it also causes hilarious bullshit since riot themselves classify champions with at least 2 base classes , going back to the ryze example , according to riot is a mage ( primary ) and a fighter ( secondary ) , so he 's a battle mage juggernaut ? 
  ( since he has low mobility ) what da fuck does that tell you about ryze ? 
  dota 2 's classification is far far far superior , and could be easily copied , but rito needs it 's edgy shit . 
  [ she 's going to be the msi skin to increase the prize pool ] ( https://boards.pbe.leagueoflegends.com/en/c/general-pbe-feedback/om0jizjh-conqueror-karma-hits-pbe ) ... which i do n't think will have as much of an impact as championship zed , karma has a ton of skins and some are better looking than this one :\\, 
  you can do pretty neat plays , imagine they are getting ganked , bird girl starts recalling in a bush while bird man delays the enemy by jumping around them and attacking them , once her recall is almost done he can jump to her ( with an extended range because bird-couple power ) and they leave together in the last second of the recall . 
  she would still be able to mitigate all the damage aside from the mark if she 's fast enough and fight back when she 's out of it , i think that 's what op meant . 
  edit : in case you guys prefer to watch just a single video of them instead of those annoying spotlight pages -  [ bird-girl ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dcda6o9ylay ) and [ bird-man ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ly4mah6xfww ), 
  they both seem pretty cut and dry honestly , nothing special about their kits , bird-girl will probably be broken unless her range and ratios are shit , since she has a ton of self peel and becomes untargetable ( try assassinating her if she can just fly away ), 
  aside from that , the `` play together '' is a pretty meh gimmick since only 2 of their abilities interact , his dash to allies is double the range when she 's with him , and her increased damage on autos also applies to him if he 's near ... and they recall together . 
  it 's a dumb idea from the start since they could n't make the bonuses for having both on the team too strong otherwise it would be a balancing nightmare . 
  true , but they could n't make the bonuses for being together too op otherwise it would be impossible to balance , they would be shit tier when alone while op together ... like lulu with kog ... and lulu with lucian ... and lulu with cait ... and lulu with every fucking adc ... 
  like i said , this feels like a gimmick they slapped on two kits they were working on to make the `` bot lane lovers '' thematic , so i doubt there will be much issues trying to balance them together , almost as much as i doubt they will ever be played together in pro play since bird-man 's kit is pretty lackluster , it 's like a poor man 's taric without the aoe immunity spell . 
  true , meanwhile the rocket lady and lucio communities worked better together than the main ow sub . 
  on a more bias sidenote , i loved the [ portugal sub squirtle ] ( https://fat.gfycat.com/shynegligiblebarasinga.webm ) . 
  but makes her untargetable while allowing her to move around and it 's still a damaging ability that in conjunction with her `` recall the feather '' ability ( no idea the name ) could potentially aoe root the enemy team , it 's a pretty overloaded ability to be honest . 
  ok guys , listen to the rest of the video not only the start , he gets more calm in the middle of it , the start is just when he 's fighting and he 's loud because just like he says `` i 'm a distraction ! '', 
  in the champion spotlight page they say she can move while airborne, 
  he 's more chill half-way through the clip , the annoying loud quotes appear to be his in-combat lines because he works as a distraction while bird-girl kills people . 
  are you honestly telling me that riot , with their giant ass artists division ca n't make some team specific wards or profile banners or something else so that teams can have more revenue streams directly from the game in a couple of months ? 
  so ... many ... canceled ... autos ... fuck seriously it feels awful to play her sometimes , that buff to increase the attackspeed on kills hardly did anything to make them smoother . 
  why are you talking about pro-play in a skins context , what 's popular in pro-play not always is popular in the main game , you seem to forget that the vast majority of people that play league does n't watch pro-play . 
  that jock comment makes me think the writer was bullied in high school ... 
  i think he sounds more like sokka from avatar the last airbender than a jock , he 's the overly loud comic relief trope . 
   borderlands ' pre-sequel jack, 
  well ... 
  borderlands 's pre-sequel writer - anthony burch, 
  riot games 's newest writer - anthony burch, 
  it all makes sense now ... 
  never actually played the pre-sequel , i played multiple times the first one with mordecai , but i never actually finished the second i just ran around doing all the side missions with zer0 and i was kinda burned out of borderlands when the pre-sequel came out , it seemed more like a dlc than a brand new game with improved mechanics :\\, 
  [ well , they did make this last year , so there 's some lore ] ( http://universe.leagueoflegends.com/en_us/ ), 
  honestly , i think hots players have more blind loyalty to their game than any other dota-style/moba community , if you ever visit a thread about the genre in the games subreddit there will be always someone chilling for hots , at least the rest of the communities see that their games have some issues , even smite and vainglory are n't as delusional as hots players . 
  that 's the old riven splash so it 's even older than when i started playing league, 
  to me he looks like dc 's superhero firestorm, 
  the original star wars trilogy is a pretty good example of this , show it to a young kid and he wo n't think its anything special . 
  but the sunk cost fallacy in relation to league and most games to be fair is not always about how much money and time you spent on a game , it 's also about the possible time `` lost '' learning a new one , the barrier that stops people from jumping from league to dota is the amount of new heroes and mechanics that you have to learn . 
  it 's also the reason why some people felt more comfortable jumping to hots since it had less heroes and simpler mechanics . 
  but there 's a pretty short term solution for it ... in some countries/states . 
  their coders would prefer to commit suicide than ever try to code something like this for real . 
  honestly the think that i think is the most ridiculous about their new champions and reworks is that they still have no mouth movement , it makes their overall animations look like a ps1 model . 
  the worst part is that they did make it before , tristana 's rework introduced mouth animations , yet every rework and new champion after tristana has not had a `` technology '' that exists for over 2 decades , for me this is what makes this 15 to 20 $ skins look like shit . 
  ... how many times will this be posted here guys ? 
  this was a april 's fools joke from riot thailand ( ? ), 
  that 's why it 's not even in english . 
  / r/summonerschool has a thread list explaining the current meta for each role, 
  [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/summonerschool/comments/45b8sp/returning_to_lol_after_a_few_monthsyears_of_not/ ), 
  tl ; dr : `` i have a psychology degree so i 'm the perfect person to write a small thesis hyper-analyzing player behavior without having any data to actually back it up '', 
  ok , i 'll be the one this week ... `` every single week someone posts a several reasons for the declining numbers '' ... 
  like mates , seriously , if every single week someone posts a `` eu lcs numbers are declining '' maybe there 's a pattern . 
  i stopped watching eu lcs because :, 
  - spring split `` feels '' like a filler for summer split , with teams playing subpar, 
  - eu lcs meta is boring as fuck , it stops being funny to point out that a game is over 40 minutes with 10 kills when it starts being the standard for every series, 
  - people , me included , are burned out of the league system , there 's over 50 matches per week between all the 4 major regions plus the challenger scene and smaller regions , it 's just wayyy too much league of legends to watch per week . 
  you 're at home ... you can literally do whatever you want , just change to another stream or go watch porn if you want . 
  also the vast majority of players here are silver and gold , theorycraft is fun an all , but it 's hardly thought provoking when the people theorycrafting do n't understand the fundamentals of the game . 
  i really ca n't imagine olivia munn and the kid doing angel fucking ... 
  psylocke and angel are together in the rick remender x-force series , she helps keep the archangel personality under control . 
  being critical of how game companies run their competitive games and competitive scenes ( this includes valve at times ) is one of the more interesting things in this sub for me at least . 
  on topic : i do n't think they are losing control they just expect that over hyping and inflating the reality of their american overwatch league will by consequence help the other regions when in reality it seems people are losing interest in competitive ow outside of the us because the ow league is the only thing blizzard is actively pushing for , saying that `` eventually '' it will be a global tournament . 
  do you think they will really stop playing sudden attack ( not sure if its sa or the other one ) over a western shooter ?
