  she 's one of the few league casters i think could branch out into other games and be successful if she wanted , like monte and doa are doing . 
  this iem starts at like 3 a.m central european time , just with that you can count out half of your western viewership , i honestly do n't understand why the games are so early , lck is already around 10 ~ 11 a.m here :\\, 
  meanwhile you have challenger streamers telling low elo players that if you do play support just go full damage cause it 's useless to itemise like a true support in low elo since you ca n't have a good enough impact to climb without good enough teammates . 
  i absolutely hate runes as well , they do nothing besides giving base stat buffs which could be given directly to champions as balance changes ( like they already fucking did 2 years ago with armor ! ) . 
  the sad part about the items is that they made a bunch of different items last year for that gangplank 's special mode , it seemed like they would be interested in implementing items with different actives but then this year they came out with that bullshit of `` oh did you know only 1 % of people who bought dfg actually used it 's active , that 's why we prefer passives '' . 
  fuck you riot ... 
  i started binging this show this week actually , it 's pretty good . 
  i do n't like the 20 minutes format it causes some issues with the show 's pacing making some more serious scenes feel lackluster , like they were n't deserved and needed more development . 
  but the characters are likable , it has a quirky surrealist atmosphere , and it made me curious about where the plot is going . 
  i see that you already made a post before saying this but it 's stupid that 70 % of teams from each region see no play since september , many even since before that if they did n't play in their region 's playoffs . 
  that 's almost 5 all months of no professional play , and there 's no international tournaments because orgs see no profit in doing a non-riot league event . 
  in my opinion since they created this shitty situation they should just rework all-stars and make it a real tournament with an actual prizepool and international competition for teams that did n't make it to worlds , while having some side fun events like the 1v1s and fun modes ... ffs all-stars does n't have to be 2 weeks of just `` fun games '' that 's such a waste . 
  that 's an entire other issue , since most bottom teams right now are all from the vc money coming into league , they pay 2 million to get the spot and hiring `` specialists '' that con them into getting a bunch of b-list and c-list players , the team sucks and gets almost relegated , and spends half the year doing nothing and having zero exposure . 
  meanwhile tsm and c9 are laughing themselves to the bank at all these nba owners with almost zero fanbase and brand recognition . 
  the bottom half of lcs teams are just a con to get as much vc money as possible and run away with it . 
  riot cared enough about `` competitive integrity '' to not put the winter map skin in ranked , so why not care as much about a shitty visibility of some abilities ? 
  this is an hypothetical question , since the obvious answer is * $ $ money $ $ *, 
  ... i know you are making a joke , but a couple of years ago when riot decided to nerf lee there was a literal revolution in that fucking subreddit against it , and riot backed off thanks to it . 
  it was depressing . 
  yeah sure , let 's give a manaless mobility assassin that can 1v1 most champions a more reliable waveclear , wan na give him more free tank stats as well ? 
  this has been said over and over again , just fucking nerf exhaust , it 's the biggest counter to assassins , and it 's overloaded as fuck as a summoner 's spell with 4 different debuffs . 
  byun ( sc2 ) does n't even get a nomination ? 
  holy , someone made a games awards worse than the vgas ... 
  did n't they make riddler and penguin a gay couple ? 
  it 's like cw is n't even trying to hide now that most of their shows are cheap tv fanfic with superheroes ... and cheap fanfic of supernatural i guess . 
  to be honest i do n't follow much sc2 and only saw a couple of tournaments this year , but reading articles and watching people talk about his run made me consider his journey the best esports narrative this year by far , kinda sad more people ca n't see that 'cause `` ded game '' or just stick to their main esport games . 
  can you describe why you think it 's unwatchable , i would understand if people were expecting a straight up comedy/black comedy like community . 
  i consider it more a `` grounded surrealism '' type show , similar to how i would describe bojack horseman , and i can see why some people might get put off by it . 
  i think them putting `` game of the year by gamespot '' in the banner ad is just the perfect cherry on top of the cake of shit that is gamespot 's credibility . 
  i would give it a high probability , its a full front page ad , it 's their main source of revenue and changing the list is effortless for them while sweetening a possible advert deal . 
  my argument is n't against overwatch deserving or not the award ( even though i think that 's what people perceived my comment as ) , it 's about gamespot being paid to run an ad citing themselves claiming it to be goty , if it was uncharted 4 in place of overwatch i would still think it was a scummy move . 
  on the topic of items , meddler talks about the positive feedback they got from items that interact with the game besides being stat boosts , but riot in the past has been kinda contradictory on the subject , they hate invisible auras but also shy away from big impactful actives , redemption being a recent outlier , resorting then to mostly passive buffs or `` use once and ignore '' like zeke 's ; zz ` rot ; banner of command ; knight 's vow . 
  to be fair the mages rework brought us the hextech items , which while more fun to use , also share a cooldown making it useless to buy more than 1 , and they also made a bunch of items for the black market brawlers mode but instead of translating items with more interesting actives like trickster 's glass ; mirage blade and puppeteer , they introduced dead man 's plate and reworked martyr 's gambit ( to knight 's vow ) . 
  tl ; dr : the game needs more items with impactful actives that can still compete against stats boost items with passives that are almost always more cost/slot efficient . 
  thanks for joining the discussion pwyff !, 
  in relation to dfg , could n't that 10 % use rate be because it was a must have item for pretty much every mage thanks to it 's base stats , high 120 ap + 10 % cdr perfect for most mages , resulting in being built on champions who could n't even use the active that well ? 
  it sounds a lot like the dilemma you guys had recently with rylai 's crystal scepter where everybody and their mothers was building it for it 's base stats instead of it 's passive . 
  i also see the issue with items also as a class struggle ( the non-marxist type ) , even though very few people enjoy playing support , the class right now has the most diversified item choice , which ranges from mostly passive items to actives that you pick according to the needs of the match , while if you compare this to other classes like marksmen and tanks , they have to focus on items that give stat boosts , otherwise they are punished for building less stat effective items , or at least as a player building tier 2 situational items makes me feel less effective overall . 
  this is a video of the extra credits guys recommending other creators that do game analysis/critiques , the full list with links is below if you ca n't watch the video :, 
   [ game maker 's toolkit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucqj-xo29ckyltjn6z2xwyaw ), 
   [ how did they do that ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uceas6ztxcwekbaclw4zof9g ), 
   [ errant signal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucm4jnxtxtvitqeckuc4zrhq ), 
   [ noah gervais ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc5cyehpler3lbehgonvbbaa ), 
   [ super bunnyhop ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/ucwqr2th3dpshnhpjv5h1xrw ), 
   [ innuendo studios ] ( https://www.youtube.com/channel/uc5fdsspqmmghkhsji4vccka ), 
   [ ask a game developer ] ( http://askagamedev.tumblr.com/ ), 
  league of legends had made 1.7 billion $ by november according to [ this source ] ( https://pvplive.net/c/league-of-legends-tops-pc-revenue-for-2016 ) which says the data is also from superdata . 
  dota 2 made far less according to them at 260 million $ which i seriously doubt is a correct number . 
  nevermind for some reason i remembered the data from last year as dota making 450 million , but it was [ dota 2 + cs : go revenue together ] ( http://www.kotaku.com.au/2016/01/league-of-legends-made-more-revenue-in-2015-than-csgo-dota-2-and-world-of-warcraft-combined/ ) , dota 2 did see a small increase though . 
  kinda curious how the asian market is hard carrying league 's numbers right now , and it will be harder and harder for new games to get ground in china with the new streaming censorship policy . 
  that 's actually an interesting perspective since most of the time when dota 2/cs : go/starcraft/smash or any other game gets mentioned in this sub it 's discussed somewhat respectfully , overwatch is the only esport that gets constant hate in this sub , even though it 's a completely different genre . 
  it was probably a mix of a entire year of everybody shitting on riot and the updates they made to league like dynamic queue , while this new handsome young man showed up in town and tried to steal your girlfriend from you . 
  lets be honest steve cortez was a side character with barely any impact on the game , him talking about his dead wife would have the same effect . 
  on the other hand bioware dealt with their gay/bisexual characters way better in dragon age : inquisition , dorian and sera were gay but it was n't their defining characteristic , that happened because they were important to the story and allowed for more development . 
  cortez did n't have that opportunity . 
  level 10 fed ekko vs a level 8 graves with zero mr runes ( only has the 30 base mr ) , and you blew all your abilities on him , good play but this is nowhere near the same context as syndra , who in a similar situation could just press r and delete the graves . 
  are we talking about esports or american politics ? 
  in case you are wondering why you are getting downvoted , this superdata information was already posted 4 different times ( that i 've seen ), 
  were you hired from eu lcs to na just for your shitposting and social media trolling prowess ? 
  ^ ^ eu ^ ^ misses ^ ^ you ^ ^ < / 3, 
  the numbers on that tweet are exclusively for solo/duo queue at the start of the season ( which not many people played yet , me included ) , [ these are the numbers from the end of last season ] ( https://twitter.com/niiimitz/status/812304699038830592 ) , and it appears [ the americans also prefer flex ranked to yoloq ] ( https://twitter.com/wildhawklol/status/812411488971407360 ) . 
  but again , none of these numbers matter when riot 's match making is fucking garbage , and it 's the reason i have n't touched league besides some arams , i do n't wan na suffer any more games with silver and golds against a full plat team , fuck that shit . 
  i still do n't understand how can they fuck up this hard a system that has worked for at least 6 years . 
   also ranked on lol is the way to get yourself noticed , while on ow yes it 's a good way to get noticed but , it does n't have nowhere near the affect of lol . 
  hmm , this is really not true for the most part , even if you ignore the fact that a % of high elo players are one-trick ponies , for the most part soloq is hardly seen as a good place to look for pro-players specially in na and smaller regions , ffs they only tryharded last season because of those stupid challenger jackets < _ < the only region where this is actually true is korea . 
  edit : also clg black just showed how riot 's challenger summit means shit , the clg squad was considered the best of the summit , clg got 4 of them for their challenger team , and they lost in their first best of vs an university team xd, 
  ... try laning as gnar vs yasuo then < _ <, 
  1 ) not sure if i 'm too drunk to understand your english or if you and / u/mcraymar are too drunk to write in english < . <, 
  2 ) yeah , the last year with dynamicq was exceptionally bad to get ranked talent , but even before that , getting rank 1 in na soloq did n't have the same importance as the koreans give to someone being rank 1 , this has been said multiple times by scarra , ranked is just not taken seriously enough in na and eu . 
  this happens mostly because of how different pro play is from pubs , even at high level , during the lane swap meta they still barely happened in pubs . 
  gnar 's q is the only consistent poke he can do in lane , not only can yasuo easily dodge by e'ing a minion his wall can also eat the boomerang , taking away the cooldown reduction gnar receives from catching it ... at level 1 it has 20 seconds cooldown , do the math, 
  first off , i gave the most extreme example of the perfect counter with yasuo vs gnar because he wrote an extreme comment saying windwall was useless in lane ( which is a lie ) . 
  still , most of gnar 's damage relies on that q damage and slow ( so he can proc w ) , yasuo can ignore them in multiple ways ( e dashes , the wall , his shield ) , do n't get me wrong it 's all fair , champions need hard counters and yasuo is gnar 's hard counter . 
  sidenote : if are using both your dashes to reach your target as renekton than you are not playing the croc correctly < _ <, 
  fun fact , at level 1 yasuo 's q out ranges gnar 's auto attack range . 
  gnar 's auto range scales with levels , it 's 400 at level 1 , yasuo 's q has a 475 range at level 1, 
  never could get into the gameplay , but as a mythology geek i absolutely love your gods spotlights with the `` lore '' at the start , oh and you guys still have the coolest monkey king from all mobas . 
  oh sorry , as summit i did n't mean a real tournament , i was talking about riot 's na scouting ground they did this year , they invited the best 5 players ( according to rank position ) for each role , they formed teams and they had an in-house tournament at riot where each team had help from lcs teams coaching staff , the team the clg staff was helping had the most hyped players from soloq , and 4 of the 5 were called back to be part of clg black ( their challenger sister squad ) , and they got eliminated in their very first match to get into the challenger tournament . 
  this was just one example of how your rank in na usually does n't mean shit , when some of the best soloq players get eliminated by a bunch of guys that play for fun while also studying at toronto 's university . 
  sure you can get noticed by being a god in soloq , but the orgs will always ask their players what they think of you , and if you rubbed one of them the wrong way in yoloq they can just veto you . 
   she ca n't be as bad as rose , anyway . 
  damn , i know people that would punch you for criticising the rose story arc . 
  i never liked her relationship with the doctor , but that 's because i always prefer his companions to be more partners in crime , than ... well partners < _ < , and how they finished her story arc was kinda shitty . 
  imo , donna is probably the most complex and well rounded companion in the new show , she was always at equal level with the doctor and were truly partners . 
  i also liked martha more than rose but i think it was because she was well suited for that season 's episodes which were more action-adventure and fun and she meshed really well with tennant . 
  i have a love/hate relationship with the pounds , i love amy and rory as isolated characters and as a couple ... but the clusterfuck that steven moffat made their seasons just makes their run a bit sour ... also he wrote the perfect ending for them ( they realise they enjoyed the time with the doctor but were ready to settle down for a normal life ) , but he fucks it up by destroying not only their ending but also the angel 's mythos !, 
  about clara ... i like clara , the impossible girl , i 'm annoyed at clara , earthling teacher with a normal boyfriend companion . 
  sorry for the rant . 
  lets be fair , even it all the western player stopped giving riot money , it would meaningless when compared with the chinese market :\\, 
  weird drunk sidenote : it will be interesting to see with the rise of the chinese gaming market we will see more and more game devs trying to cater to that market in a similar way that hollywood is doing nowadays with movies , as in casting more chinese actors / placing scenes in china/making china an important part of the plot . 
  [ the hook started coming out in his initial spot ] ( http://imgur.com/a/qbqke ) , / u/neilathesecond is correct . 
  it 's similar to the interaction that the blitz + thresh have , in which if you click the lantern while you throw your blitz hook , the hook will extend beyond it 's normal range and pull the other person to where thresh is , since blitz position changed . 
  the mods made a bot to make fun of all the insane posts being made a couple of months ago . 
  i find it hilarious that he has 3 of the lowest playrate per role ( lowest as mid , lowest as jungler ) , and even though riot reworked him to be played in the botlane , he does n't even register in the botlane on champion.gg . 
  to this date i still think this was the worst rework that riot has ever done , but since they have the shitiest work hierarchy in gaming nobody tells someone to fucking fix him . 
  | in both cases you need a couple of hours played to understand what 's going on . 
  but in the case of league/dota 2 , they are free to play , anyone can install it a give if a try for a couple of hours , cs : go is cheap and anyone with some knowledge of fps games understands the basis of the game . 
  overwatch has an higher entry free , so the transition from `` non-player '' to `` viewer '' is much harder to accomplish when we talk about casual viewers , which is the main target of blizzard , since they want to attract local communities that usually do n't watch esports . 
  i thought the tabletop community actually liked the game o.o it had a positive reception at least .
