delete this --, 
   these bantz, 
  a game plan is probably being thought up in private , behind closed doors ( if it already has n't ) . 
  publicly meeting to discuss the fallout of a brexit would only serve to strengthen the out campaign by making the institutions seem frightened and defeatist , as you cite . 
  it 's been a hundred years and people are still killing each other with sauces over in rainy flanders . 
  war truly never changes ... 
   turk or greek b e y o n d t r i g g e r e d, 
  would the term `` hedge trimming '' be more suitable ? 
  lol no fack yuo, 
  maybe if they did n't build fancy bus stops they would n't have collapsed into economical ruin ayyy, 
   ` pest elton groped me ', 
  it has nothing to do with the islam the vast majority of muslims practice , that was the point of my comment . 
  his first point does n't really stand up to scrutiny either . 
  nobody is denying any and all correlation between terrorists and islam , what they are pointing out is the radical branch of islam they follow . 
  a radical interpretation of any idea , be it a religion like christianity , or a political ideology like the left-wing dictatorship of the proletariat and anarchy or right-wing fascism inevitably leads to violence . 
  absolute intolerance to other ideas and world-views breeds a deep seeded hatred for the `` other '' . 
  alright , let 's make this clear . 
  it is legally * impossible * for the greek sea border to be secured . 
  international treaties regarding refugees and the law of the sea prohibit greece from taking any action other than rescuing those lost at sea . 
  refugees/migrants either a ) scuttle their dinghies the moment a greek coast guard/navy patrol makes contact with them , obliging the patrol to rescue them , or b ) make it to the islands and request asylum , regardless of whether they deserve it or not . 
  it is illegal to deport these people , almost 5,000 per day during summer , before processing their claims . 
  if it was possible , greece would have lifted a fence at its borders as soon as our northern neighbors started to do so , kind of like the one at the greco-turkish border in eastern thrace . 
  of course , that 's why i said its * one * of the reasons . 
  but people on reddit tend to dismiss the un as a whole based on the fact that it has n't achieved world peace within 75 years , as if that 's just a decision to be taken . 
  the un was created to avoid the horrors of a new world war , and so far its been doing pretty well in that regard . 
  certainly better than its predecessor . 
  the un 's work on the fields of development , relief and aid , as well as the development of a neutral forum for international matters to be discussed and decisions to be made is remarkable . 
   so it remains a mystery why greeks prefer it over other names . 
  because of historical revisionism . 
  fyrom makes the state'a historical beginnings clear from the get-go . 
   which never yields results the unsc permanent member 's right to veto is one of the main reasons we have n't had a third world war ... 
  the great powers veto decisions that go against their interests instead of duking it out old-school style . 
  but lolololololololol what has the un ever done except send stern letters amirite ?? 
  your patience  my patience ... 
   but we got massive subsidies for farming i feel you . 
  the common agricultural policy needs a real reform * yesterday * . 
  shit 's just plain inefficient , greece had encountered something similar before the crisis . 
  venizelos , known to many europeans as [ this guy ] ( https://colorem.files.wordpress.com/2015/03/c2321b.jpg ), 
  til finland has agriculture . 
  how can anything grow so far north ? 
  edit : consider this ignorant southerner * somewhat * educated on northern european farming practices . 
  stuff like this is what keeps me coming back to this sub !, 
  holy shit it all makes sense now, 
  greece the thundering sound of waves crashing on rocky , steep cliff sides , the whispering of the wind amongst pillars in the ruins , and of course the familiar , gravely voice of mitsos bribing a cop . 
  ... and cyprus * everybody always forgets cyprus ... *, 
  because you have no concept of how international relations work . 
   end my suffering, 
  oh i 've heard . 
  if our memes where even half as dank as based svenska memery i think 11.000.000 people would od . 
  sub-par memes mostly , i mean that 's the prevalent theory amongst the academia at least . 
  greece 1 . 
  the economic crisis , no need to elaborate here , i think we 're all up to speed ... 2 . 
  the refugee/migrant crisis . 
  distinct lack of dank memes to appease and placate the population ( pls donate rare pepes our children need them ), 
   lol as if refugess treking across europe is actually eu problem to begin with  refugess treking across europe  eu problem just, 
  * triggered *  then why are they not stopping the immigrant smuggler boats that are constantly arriving ? 
  because they scuttle their dinghies at first sight of a coast guard patrol , obliging the patrol to rescue them according to international law of the sea . 
  but let 's just say that the glorious greek navy can and simply refuses to control 1000km of sea border . 
  in fact , let 's actually believe it because it is indeed possible-our navy has the technological and logistical capabilities to ( at the very least ) guard the busiest smuggling routes . 
  a refugee boat is caught in the open sea just after entering the greek sea borders ( which , mind you , turkey does not recognize ) . 
  do you : a. 
  tell them to go back to turkey , beginning an endless ping-pong game between the greek and turkish navy which ends with the migrant vessel sunk ( keep in mind , those things do n't stay afloat for long , got ta act fast ! ), 
  rescue them because that thing is bound to sink to the bottom of the aegean any second now and human life is priceless . 
  c. gun them down because they are muslim invaders trying to islamify glorious europa ^ tm, 
  nato chief stoltenberg does his job and is concerned when the russian army does not operate within the russian borders . 
  t o p b a n t z 2 0 1 6, 
  and make it reach the belgian border too this time , yeah ? 
  provided there is an overall positive economic environment , and jobs for them to take up . 
  so , not really . 
  if the eu was an * actual * union , in which nations viewed each other 's interests as aligning and not diverging from one another , the solution i provided would have been the more realistic one , starting from the root of the issue in order to provide lasting solutions . 
  the eu has had , albeit few and far between , common military actions in africa and elsewhere . 
  but i 'm being a bit pedantic . 
  instead what we see is internal struggles for micropolitical gains . 
  in other words , what would be required is actual political and diplomatic cooperation . 
  if the eu is to become something more than a failed experiment , some tough choices would have to be made , by all 28 member states . 
  this is the essence of this whole debate . 
  laughingly uninspiring amounts of aid , along with a hearty apology and a `` get well soon , you souvlaki loving fucks '' card is n't going to cut it . 
  with the uk on its way to the ballots and talks of more countries joining it soon , it looks like nobody is willing to make them . 
  and it is truly sad , as this union is our key to lasting peace and prosperity throughout europe . 
  the drastic action that i had in mind was a quota system of redistribution of migrants and refugees for all member states of the eu , according to their current population and economic capabilities . 
  eu funds could be used to create refugee camps in failed states , like syria , libya and eritrea , as well as the states around them that are currently caring for the vast majority of the refugees , like jordan and lebanon . 
  from there , asylum requests could be processed in an orderly fashion , as well as provision for a safe and certain passage to an eu country , while economic migrants could more easily be weeded out and turned back . 
  but hey , why waste time and money with plans like that , negotiating with countries like turkey , while we could just throw greece under the bus and use the balkans as a scapegoat for all our problems . 
  after all the refugees are our * only * problem , right ? 
  but only a strong , eu government could provide that , nobody is taking that sort of political cost on his own . 
   why does greece think germany or austria have to take all the migrants it lets into schengen if nobody else is willing to take them ? 
  first of all , greece does not purposefully ( as is implied ) let migrants in , migrants exploit greece 's geopolitical location and the current law of the sea and treaties regarding refugees . 
  the same is true for italy and malta . 
  if it was possible , greece would have shut its borders as soon as our northern neighbors started to close theirs . 
  secondly , these people do not want to stay in greece for prolonged periods of time . 
  their destination is central and northern europe . 
  this makes the whole migrant/refugee crisis an intrinsically european problem , which should have a common european solution . 
  individual actions by member-states of the eu in order to protect , in a lot of cases , the interests of the ruling party , only serve to create further rifts within the union . 
  this is where a strong , central european body should have taken drastic action but alas , such a thing does not exist . 
  * meanwhile somewhere on / r/europe ... * dae greece should defend its borders betterer xdddddd, 
   as long as you throw enough money at something , it 'll be possible - provided that it is n't some kind of technological impossibility . 
  but it is !, 
  can the eu throw enough money around to change international maritime and refugee law ? 
  it is obvious that all migrants/refugees get to greece through the aegean sea border with turkey . 
  as mentioned above , the land borders in thrace are impassible .
