  but since the eu as it is now is pretty much done , well , lets try it anways , i say . 
  also , they invite others to join this `` core eu '' . 
  i can imagine some eastern nations want to join , i.e. 
  estonia . 
  i wonder why sweden is n't in there already , though . 
  will have to put this book on my reading list * https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/weapons_of_mass_migration, 
  i settle for having put this idea in your head then , 
  i was surprised seeing poland so far to the right ( there is a pun in this statement , but i 'll leave it alone :p ) . 
  liberaleuropean , any graph on the income/relative income growth over time up your sleeves ? 
  it foremost makes any price given to a minority member less valueable . 
  a `` me too ! '', 
  move , after the fuzz over the oscar jury . 
  people need something to do and feel good about it . 
  since real problems ( refugee crisis , culture clash as in cologne , non existend women rights all over the world ) are too hard , this is a reasonable substitution . 
  yeah . 
  it wants to be a slide show that looks awesome on a tablet . 
  on a normal computer it 's just awkward . 
  well , but in that sentence i wanted to emphasize why the eu came into existence , not why the uk decided to join . 
  for a long time being on an island enabled the brits to do things differently . 
  they could have chosen to do as the mainland , but did n't . 
  however , things are as they are . 
  the british are very different from us mainlanders , for now . 
  this is neither bad nor good , it 's just a fact . 
  maybe it 's therefore resonable for them ( and for us ) to not live under the same politcal roof that that the eu is ment to be . 
  being on an island does n't make such a big difference anymore . 
  after a few generations we might be much closer than now and being part of the eu will make a lot more sense to them . 
  the big reason as to why to integrate the european countries was to prevent future wars . 
  but : we do have the internet now . 
  a brit is n't what german propaganda tells me anymore . 
  same goes for the other way around . 
  i did n't downvote you either . 
  brandt was certainly the more popular , but still . 
  seeing through and calling out bullshit . 
  they do n't get much love for that skill though , to say the least . 
  so you thought of yourelfs like the next worst thing after austria , except living up to your ( perceived ) historical responsibility . 
  fascinating . 
  that explains it i think . 
  everything else comes with this attitude . 
  schools are a powerful place . 
  true , rt is also hilariously bad . 
  but when you at least think your own media is n't much better , then all you can do is try your best in spotting who is lying on a case by case bases . 
  that was the situation in january . 
   eastern europe has been wanting to provoke russia for a while now that 's like saying : how dare them to talk back to russia when being threatend . 
  of cause they do n't want to take russia 's shit and want to see nato commitment . 
   the russians have so far executed their part of the minsk agreement , ukraine has now stalled further progress by declining to change the regional autonomy which they 've promised to the minsk partners . 
  ok , fair enough . 
  we did n't want to provoke russia for the longest time . 
  everybody understood why they wanted , why they needed the crimea . 
  but they keep messing with the ukraine even having fucking crimea already . 
  of cause they 'll start crying about the nato forces moving closer to their borders , but really , they called for it . 
  i 'm looking at you , poland !, 
  do n't know if he 's the greatest european , but containly the most under appreciated : [ helmut kohl ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/helmut_kohl ) , german chancellor 1982 - 1998 . 
  he 's certainly not the most likable person , but together with his french counterpart mitterrand he was the greatest force behind * political integration of european nations * east expansion of the eu * the euro he saw the opportunities that came with the fall of the soviet union and acted . 
  he is certainly the greatest german in recent history . 
  the reason why this caught up is because of the mistrust all germans had and still have towards their media . 
  they did hold information back , their reporting was heavily biased , up until cologne . 
  espeically when this lisa story started , nobody knew what and whom to believe anymore . 
  i can easily understand why russian speaking germans , watching russian tv besides german tv , got fired up by this . 
  this also backfired on the russian media , because these russian speaking germans got burnt badly . 
  they appear like naive fools now . 
  they wo n't be fooled so easily again . 
  edit : odd setence . 
  i do n't think those who came want more to come . 
  because they 'd have to share the same resources . 
  they are also very , very conservative . 
  they wo n't vote for left leaning progressive parties , because no way they support gender equality and gay rights . 
  that 's the irony , because it 's these parties and voters who lead the `` welcome culture '' , claiming there ca n't be limits . 
  to quote linus torvalds : `` i think people who get offended should be offended . '', 
  with kicking and screaming and slowly , but yes , most likely . 
  the first point makes a lot of sense to me . 
  but about neighbours : which neighbours and what was their opinion in contrast to sweden 's ? 
  make sense , thank you . 
  however , it ca n't be undone . 
  the solution is only forwards . 
  having the hope to reach eu levels while staying independent should be motivation enough to stay though . 
  the enormous population growth and how to come by this problem scares the shit out of me . 
  i 'm not even ready to hypothesize about that . 
  do n't know what lie you are talking about , but if you mean the holocaust : go visit auschwitz and dachau . 
  it happenend , go visit these sights if you have doubts . 
  the numbers might not be right ( i.e. 
  3 million instead of 6 million jews ) , but the intent to kill them all was clearly there . 
  edit : oops , wrong context for my answer, 
  regarding deadly force : if a group of armed people storms towards border police , they already are allowed to use deadly force to defend themselfs . 
  i ca n't quote the law , but it would n't make sense otherwise . 
  regarding disabling people : i can think of water canons , plastic bullets , tazers and there will be new gear to disable people without killing them . 
  walls will be built . 
  robots will eventually be deploied . 
  if the problem becomes big enough , these things will happen , you watch . 
  because the alternative is to go under . 
  that is a very dark future nobody wants to live in . 
  the guilt would be unbearable . 
  the only way to prevent this is to make lifes better for everybody in the world . 
  immigration can not be the answer , because our societies will break down , as it happened before in history . 
  how to achieve this ... 
  i do n't know , i really do n't . 
  because this wo n't work without massive military engagements . 
  that in turn can cause very big issues between the world 's superpowers . 
  another cold war . 
  finally , i hope future proves i 'm full of shit here . 
  that we slow down the mass migration , that countries stabalize on their own , start to prosper .
