  edit : spelling, 
  lets be honest with ourself . 
  if this mass migration keeps up , our asylum laws will change under the pressure of reality . 
  we will have huge camps where people from all over the world will be registered and their application for citizenship considered , limited by a set amount . 
  right now our governments work towards this mass migration to stop within the next few years . 
  why ? 
  because it 's not bad enough , yet . 
  the two extremes : * kill anybody who tries to cross our borders . 
  women , children and puppies included . 
  * let the billons of poor people flood into europe , the end . 
  according to you there is nothing in between , really ? 
  here in germany , i can understand our historical baggage ( foremost the holocaust ) lead to people frequently jumping to the conclusion that someone is a racist when caring about our own culture . 
  but i do n't understand why the swedes are so itchy about this . 
  any insight or ideas ? 
  edit : spelling, 
  that is certainly true . 
  italy and greece were ignored when asking for help on the refugee problem . 
  the german media and part of the public keept asking when our government will finally acknowledge the refugee crisis . 
  merkel waited until it was too late . 
  i did n't mention this issue , because this new article is about france . 
  i 've read what 's behind the link ; that 's intense , in a very bad way . 
  i think it 's mostly merkels fault for not consulting her strongest ally inside the eu before make her decision last summer regarding the refugee crisis . 
  does ireland have an underworld crime problem that ( at least subjectively ) exeed that over most countries in the eu ? 
  i have a dream , a dream where we welcome people come to our countries , let them see that we learned from our past mistakes , that tolerance and freedom are the foundation of our wealth and see them embrace that . 
  i have a nightmare as well , a nightmare where people come here , clinging to their old ways , blaming us for their home countrie 's poverty . 
  a nightmare where these people form a new solid subculture , foreign to us . 
  a nightmare where the events from the balkan repeat themself . 
  civil war . 
  i 'm 100 % cincere in that i wish my positive dream comes true , but it would be grossly negligent to ignore the possible nightmare . 
  a translation error : the granddaughter is n't 10 years old , but in the 10th grade . 
  that makes her around 16 years old . 
  edit : regarding the comments to my comment : you make it sound like i 'm ok with what the major said . 
  fuck you very much , i 'm not . 
  i wondered why the major made it without injury out of the building . 
  so i watched the video and found the explaination . 
  there is a huge difference between catcalling a 10 and a 16 year old , no ? 
  i never met anyone in person who hates the usa , you guys are just too sensible when it comes to criticism . 
  trying to not spill from a glas of water while running is different from throwing it on the ground . 
  you give the german elite too much credit , it 's just a clusterfuck by now . 
  my impression of the eu was : let everyone have their culture , different languages etc. 
  but at the same time be competitive with the big nations , like the usa . 
  to be honest , i do n't think that is the goal anymore . 
  nowadays national politicians use the eu to issue unpopular laws there rather than at home . 
  this is very undemocratic and prone to corruption . 
  i hope the brits call this out in their anti-eu campain as loud as possible . 
  that said , i think most eu countries need the eu or something similar . 
  i bet the brits will try to get some status similar to being a member , but not quite , if they decide to leave . 
  creepy how accurately this describes how most people i know think about the britis being a eu member lol . 
   as far as i remember , the elections were around the corner at the time and the president was not doing well in the polls . 
  did n't know that , thank you . 
  guys , do n't downvote because you do n't like the news . 
  only downvote if it is n't news . 
  this clearly is . 
  i think pis are full of shit in general , but you to admit that accident back then was suspiciously convinient to get these nutjobs out of office . 
  look at the shit that went down back then * http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/polish-boat-opens-fire-on-german-tax-free-cruiser-420877.html if my plans for dictatorship had been put on hold by a plain crash , i 'd be suspecious as well . 
  they entered germany , pretending to be refugees . 
  so as far as germany is concered they came with the refugees , no ? 
  you mean these ? 
  * https://science.nasa.gov/science-news/science-at-nasa/2010/12jul_rabbithole i do n't know if i 'd trust the stability when looking at these photos . 
  remember that the moon is way outside the earth 's magnetic field that shields us from the sun 's hard radiation . 
  we might want to test that environment on plants and rats before we send humans for long a duration to stay . 
  however , we have to solve this issue anyways if we want to settle outside of earth , so it makes sense to do some science outside that magnetic shield where it is a cheap as possible . 
  for bigger , shielding structures that place might be the moon , not sure . 
  edit : actually , the moon is not really `` way outside '' , see * http://history.nasa.gov/ep-177/ch3-4.html the moon is outside of it for the most part , though . 
  i 'd scrap all items , except number 2 and 3 and add this one : * am i doing my best to report as a neutral oberserver , without letting my personal political views or feelings influence my willingness to name facts and interpret them with minimal bias ? 
  thank you very much for all these leads . 
  i did n't know most of them . 
  i 'll try find some , preferable neutral , material about this . 
  i wish i had a better understanding of what went through the heads of the people back in the 1930s . 
  i mean , in a way that i could almost agree with the hate towards the jews back then . 
  emotionally . 
  this dolchsto\u00dflegende business always felt like a welcome reason to stick it to the jews , not being the real reason behind the hate . 
  how does it make sense to plan a war and start by planning to kill a good portion of your nations performers ? 
   a visionary chancellor ( oder vieleicht finanzminister ) helmut kohl had a vision about the eu . 
  i ca n't think of any visionary regarding the eu in germany now , however . 
  can you ? 
  does n't have to be a german , i 'd take any nationality . 
  you are ofc right . 
  i did n't want to dismiss it 's importance , i am just clueless about economics and hence did n't wan na talk about it . 
  that economics are the meat of the matter , though . 
  you are right . 
  however , right now giving the populists less material to fill us with fear is equally important to prevent the eu falling apart . 
  fearing for loss of sovereignty and cultural identity is what drove the brexit , not economical concerns . 
  the mutualised debt part is controversial . 
  but i like the overall theme : take what the eu is today and be clear about it . 
  take away the feeling it 's creeping slowly towards the united states of europe . 
  the eu is should be something that allows its member nations to keep as much sovereignty as possible while still being economically competitive with big nations , like usa , china etc. 
  eh , the other submission on this was just removed as being off-topic , but whatever . 
  here my comment from the other submission : the goal putin had was to get an apology for the shot down war-plane . 
  that is asking for something regarding the foreign politics of turkey . 
  which is a fair demand . 
  the conclusion this guy makes is that it 's the same to make demands about the inner politics of turkey . 
  that is in no way similar to what putin did . 
  to be clear : i think the destruction of the turkish state erdogan commences is horrible . 
  but that guys advice is utter bullshit . 
  edit : now way -  no way, 
  the goal putin had was to get an apology for the shot down war-plane . 
  that is asking for something regarding the foreign politics of turkey . 
  which is a fair demand . 
  the conclusion this guy makes is that it 's the same to make demands about the inner politics of turkey .
