  i have never met anyone who actually thinks that way . 
  what part of the `` the main difference between extreme and moderate in islam is the difference between willling to act , versus willing to support the actor . '', 
  differed from what i wrote ? 
  so , a strawman after a strawman ? 
  the whole `` victim stack ladder '' meme is incomprehensible and can not be used to explain anything . 
  `` open borders '' is a strawman . 
  so you really believe that every religious muslim either is a terrorist or supports terrorists ? 
  really ? 
  really really ? 
  the whole `` leftist support muslims '' attack has always been quite weird . 
  `` believes that muslims should have human rights , just like all other humans '' would be closer to the actual position . 
  would n't say that , either . 
  there are 15 more meps in the ep at all who identify as communists , not all in gue/ngl . 
  the sort of left wing that conducts mass privatizations ? 
  i 'd probably place razem around the same place of the ideological spectrum as sf , honestly . 
  i certainly would hope i would have a better leg to stand on in that case , as well . 
  also , you 're talking like the entire demonstration had consisted of communists - this being a may day march ( generally an event that unifies left-wingers by nature ) , that seems unlikely . 
  sure , i know it 's in the other ballpark . 
  that still does n't mean it 's wise to just dismiss an entire party on the basis of the fact that one of their leaders was in the same demonstration as a communist ten years ago . 
  uh , you might have heard of a couple of wars finland had with soviet union . 
  my father had to leave his home when he was two due to soviet conquests in winter war . 
  many finnish dead during stalin 's ethnic campaigns , too . 
  the current communist party of finland is inconsequential and mostly consists of old nostalgics and , yes , they also participate in may day marches with establishment parties . 
  somehow , we manage to live with it . 
  the finnish post-war strategy was always to domesticate the communists , and it worked rather splendidly . 
  no matter - marching in a same demonstration ( especially a cross-ideological leftist one like a may day march ) does n't make you a communist , no more it makes you a member of any other ideologies represented . 
  ( oh , and i 've spoken in a demonstration ( against acta ) where one of the other speakers also ended up being a far-right party member . 
  i managed to live with that one , too . ), 
  i 've been in demonstrations that have included communists - even more recently than 2006 . 
  still does n't make me a communist , though . 
  complete euroskepticism is pretty rare among the gue/ngl , actually . 
  it 's more common up north , but that 's also where you are more likely to get gue/ngl meps who view russia more critically than the southerners - i would imagine that 's also an issue for razem . 
  would you call sf far left ? 
  again , `` thinking that marx has been an important social scientist and still has a lot to give for our times '' = / = `` you 're a communist ( or even a marxist ) '' . 
  that 's not mental gymnastics , that 's just a balanced view of history . 
  until rather recently , most social democratic parties would have acknowledged marx 's legacy for the entire left . 
  what would you say `` endorse marx '' means , in this context ? 
  that sure is a guy wearing a shirt right there . 
  it really tells more about the state of poland than razem if the poles posting here think that razem is ` communist ' , honestly . 
  which ep group razem would join if it was in the european parliament ? 
  finnish comments section racists are hard enough to deal with , now we also have to deal with the comments section racists of other countries ? 
  close the comment section border immediately . 
  personally , as soon as the baltics install welfare state and a strong trade union , they can into nordic . 
  for the geographic argument , cyprus is not geographically in europe but is generally still considered an european country ( and is in the eu ) . 
  lalli was probably a christian , he just did n't like having bishops barging in his house . 
  he has at times been appraised by protestant far-righters in finland . 
  that is , assuming he even existed . 
  can you link me a story a day after the fact where it was treated as a murder ? 
  from what i remember , the media was pretty clear to note that the process of the events was unclear . 
  the media paid a lot of attention to this case because - instead of just being `` two lowlives getting into a scrap '' as some want to dismiss it - the matter concerns a highly organized ( if small ) extremist outfit that has a long previous history of using political violence against its opponents as a matter of course and which also pretty much instantly started to use the whole thing as a part of their advertising , making it very obvious that they were n't condemning torniainen but instead defending his actions . 
  do n't you think it 's newsworthy that something like this happens as a part of an action by a violent nazi group in broad daylight , with the police close by ? 
  what if it had been violent islamists instead ? 
  is he lutheran , orthodox , something else ... ? 
  but he did n't declare that he believed in an imaginary friend but instead a god , though ? 
  `` ratas '' means a cogwheel in finnish , specifically . 
  i do n't . 
  it 's amazing how well this myth manages to keep alive even with video evidence , though . 
  again , what should they have done ? 
  sigh . 
  the press never used the term `` runopoika '' ( which is apparently what is translated as `` poem-boy '' here . ), 
  there was one interview of the victim 's father where the father mentioned that that the son wrote poetry . 
  it 's not impossible that he would write poetry no matter his substance abuse or other lifestyle factors , you know - why would it be ? 
  what would you prefer the press to have done ? 
  not interview the father ? 
  not publish the father 's comment on the son writing poetry ? 
  actually , that might have been for the best , seeing how it led to a deluge of far-righters shrieking `` poem-boy !, 
  poem-boy !, 
  poem-boy ! '', 
  across the internets , even going to the father 's facebook profile to basically shout `` your son was no poem-boy !, 
  he was a junkie and it was good that he died and you should be ashamed ! '', 
  ( paraphrasing a number of comments that were visible there until the father made his profile private ) . 
  i 'm not sure whether the word `` sensitive '' was used at any time or whether this is another far-right strawman , but does it matter ? 
  nobody thinks he was a `` sweet angel '' . 
  the far-right is just angry that the press treated him like any other crime victim - ie . 
  did n't specifically go out to publish all the dirt the online hounds dug up on him . 
  the new regional system , as a concept , is one of the few good things the centre party is advocating , though i fully also expect them to botch the implementation . 
  the `` new layer of governance '' would not create extra public sector tasks but rather handle things that are now done by a confusing array of municipalities , regions , municipal conglomerates and other such * himmelit * so i do n't see how it would bloat it . 
  also , the whole `` middle class pays 60 % '' in taxes is always based on some rather horrible math , every time i see it . 
  citation needed for `` one person private sector supports almost 5 people in finland '' . 
  is the assumption here that no-one on the public sector does anything useful ? 
  being downvoted just might have something to do with the whole `` i know i 'm going to get downvoted because everyone here sucks '' martyrdom . 
  this talks about finland , and you are n't going to get more than a handful of people who deny holodomor in finland . 
  not the anarchists ( who mostly form the most active militant antifascist contigent ) , certainly . 
  [ sure sounds leftist !, 
  ] ( http://www.ub.edu/graap/nazi.pdf ) even if you ignore that , the traditional way of defining left and right during that period was that the right-wingers put nation before class and the left-wingers the other way around . 
  also in finland : the primary reason why national coalition was considered right-wing and lapua movement/patriotic people 's movement were far-right were that the first one was nationalist and the second one ( s ) really , really nationalist . 
  on that basis , of course , nazis were extreme-righters : the nation ( and race ) were the only things they cared about , even to the extent of going against religion when it suited them , and they were ready to consistently do extreme things to defend them . 
  similarly , communists were extreme leftists because they were ready to get violent about the class struggle . 
  i thought he clearly said `` non-western population '' . 
  there 's a lot of finns who define themselves in comparison to an exaggerated image of sweden . 
  `` at least we 're not like * those * guys '' etc. 
  sure , for a given definition of fascism ( ie . 
  one where fascism means `` opposing russia '' and movements that are pro-russian can not by definition be fascist ) . 
  that 's how ( notorious putinist shill ) johan b\u00e4ckman can ( still ? ), 
  claim to work on behalf of the `` finnish anti-fascist committee '' and praise mv-lehti which promotes net vids on how hitler was the greatest statesman ever . 
  mv-lehti is pro-russian , so of course it must be anti-fascist . 
  true finns campaigned pretty hard on the whole `` we are the true defenders of the workers and the welfare state '' theme in the elections , merrily joined the most right-wing , austerity-prone , privatizing and anti-worker government finland has had in decades , and have consquently lost 33-50 % of their supporters in polls . 
  that 's a vast exaggeration , of course . 
  \u00c5land 's counted as a part of the southern-finland-without-capital-region quadrant . 
  here 's four parts of roughly the same population , in case anyone 's interested .
