a country that horrible , are you kidding me ? 
  so what do you prefer , that hateful people like donald trump in the us can say whatever racist , sexist or xenophobic shit he wants to . 
  they get punished because what they say carries weight , absolute freedom of speech is bullshit anyways , people will always abuse the system if there 's no consequence . 
  hey guy , i do n't make the rules , i 'm just glad that when someone who has influence says something hateful towards a minority group , they get punished . 
  words have consequences just like actions and to act like they do n't is childish . 
  france does n't guarantee full freedom of speech . 
  especially when it 's hate speech . 
  france does n't have freedom of speech when it comes to hate speech . 
  be careful , before the ocean becomes a huge citypatown, 
  how is someone supposed to answer how their being `` delusional '' ? 
  that is what delusional means , not being able to see the problem and thinking something is true , so please point out how i am being delusional . 
  how am i delusional for denouncing putin ? 
  i was for the crimean referendum . 
  they made their choice and ukraine has to deal with it . 
  but as a gov ' t is n't it their job to stop entire regions from leaving the union to fight russia . 
  how can we be letting this shit happen , goddamn . 
  fuck putin , and fuck his fascist supporters . 
  exactly , as a jew that kind of shit grinds my gears , i hate the tired old , jews run the world and are super rich rhetoric . 
  that kind of speech was used to justify the pogroms and the other injustices against jews throughout history up until the holocaust . 
  i 'm not calling him out on saying something blatantly antisemitic like `` jews are evil and run the world cause they 're nefarious '' , but more of an argument against him saying `` the jews did n't have it too bad , they were doing pretty well before and after the holocaust '' . 
  i do n't know , maybe i 'm just oversensitive when people make sweeping generalizations of my people and misrepresent all the shit that they 've had to go through . 
  the guy heavily edited the comment once i called him out , it started off basically with a response to `` those poor jews , they 've suffered so much '' by him saying `` well jews are rich , and they are so influential , so actually they have n't suffered at all '', 
   hon hon, 
  damn . 
  you just do n't get it do you , saying that jews are overrepresented in finance industries does n't mean that jews are all rich , that they serve jewish interests or are ven particularly pious . 
  just because lloyd blankfein is a jew does n't mean there 's some conspiracy going on . 
  a lot of banks were founded by jews because back in the day they were the only ones could do usury . 
  generational wealth is a thing , so yeah , there are a disproportionate amount of wealthy jews . 
  does this make the holocaust any less bad ? 
  jews are still hated more than any other group in the world . 
  for what , being richer and more successful when we are n't getting shit on by people like you . 
  your talking points resemble those of mein kampf , get out of here with your ' i do n't hate jews , i hate rich people who happen to be jewish ' bullshit . 
  yeah france is n't on the list !, 
  fuck off you anti semetic piece of shit . 
  the rhetoric you spout has been used by anti semites to justify countless injustices to the jewish people . 
  to say that jews have n't suffered in their history is a blatant lie . 
  all i got was tree fiddy : /, 
  they should ask him why he loves donald trump enough to try and hand him the presidency , or why he has no regard for people 's privacy when he leaks shit , or why he 's an anti-semite . 
  look out everyone , turns out circumsion is a human rights violation . 
  goddammit you 're being ridiculous . 
  they 're talking about circumsion in europe , not africa , no one is dying and the number of mutilated babies really ca n't be that high . 
  circumsion , is n't a big deal , ask any guy who 's cut , we do n't really care , if anything we do n't have to worry about premature ejaculation . 
  vive la france . 
  ok . actual circumsized guy here . 
  it was done because of my parent 's religion ( judaism ) when i was a baby . 
  i do n't really know what being uncircumcised is like , besides that you guys are more sensitive down there i do n't really get why you absolutely want other people to have hair triggers down there . 
  look , if it 's for tradition i do n't mind . 
  and saying that you should ask the kid when he 's older is kind of stupid . 
  it 's painful and at that age you 'll remember it , however when your just a baby you wo n't remember it . 
  men cut or uncut can still orgasm and enjoy sex . 
  which makes this quite different from fgm . 
  which if i 'm not mistaken takes out the clit entirely . 
  something something invest in eastern poland, 
  damn is everything a damn conspiracy for you guys . 
  here . 
  take a gander at [ this ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_holocaust_in_france ) . 
  even if the orders came from berlin , the government complied and deported 75000 jews . 
  and laws and institutions were created to stigmatize and discriminate against jews . 
  oh great another vichy apologist , you know i 'm probably gon na believe my history professor rather than some dubious zemour-esk apologist . 
  wow surprise surprise , an / r/the _ donald supporter criticizes me for wanting to penalize hate speech . 
  go back to you 're racist safe space . 
  interesting that the only people who actually get punished by these laws are hardcore racists or neo-nazis like jean-marie le pen or nadine morano . 
  why do fascists hide behind free speech to repeat retarded lies whilst silencing dissent , calling them anti free speech ? 
  your kidding me right ? 
  petain collaborated with the nazis , his government headed by laval rounded up jews and handed them over to the nazis . 
  french policemen and les miliciens rounded up , arrested and killed french jews during the war . 
  collaboration with the nazis makes vichy france complicit with the holocaust . 
  that 's a great false equivalency you got there . 
  so you 're saying that the censure of images depicting mohammad , something banned in the muslim faith , is the same as a secular government fining people who spread racist and anti semetic lies such as the holocaust deniers . 
  man it must be fun to stand behind your freedom of speech shield whilst it defend racists , neo-nazis and holocaust deniers . 
  i do n't tolerate people who are intolerant , i do n't tolerate people who actively believe my people should be exterminated , and i do n't tolerate historical revisionism . 
  also i love how you say i 'm not being rational and rather too emotional about this issue . 
  great argumentation 10/10 there bud . 
  if that is n't the business of the state then what is ? 
  i do n't care what people say in private but when armenian genocide deniers make their bullshit public and try to sweep the extermination of 1.5 million people under the rug , they should n't receive impunity . 
  i do n't really care tbh . 
  the law targets racists , neo-nazis and holocaust deniers . 
  as a jew i really do n't mind those guys being penalized for spreading hate and lies . 
  yeah but it 's still a genocide . 
  and since france is a country that participated in the holocaust , it 's not surprising that they seek to condemn these kinda of actions now and before . 
  especially now that germany has recognised the armenian genocide , it 's becoming a necessary pr move . 
  i think it 's mostly just to create distance between european countries and turkey , since a bunch of people are concerned that they 'll join the eu , which wo n't be happening , but also distance themselves from erdogan or golem . 
  [ france already has laws in place to prevent negationism of genocide , this is n't really a stretch ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/loi_gayssot ), 
  look i do n't know if you 're genuine or not , i have a feeling it 's the latter . 
  but still i do n't get your attempt of insulting my written capacities in french . 
  i assure you i speak much better than i write , but since this is the internet you 'll just have to take my word for it . 
  wow . 
  you 're a real piece of shit . 
  i 've been in france for two years without having learnt too much beforehand . 
  i state that i 'm from the us , and you shit on my french anyways ... 
  our president at the time , jacques chirac , decided not to go to war in iraq as part of the coalition that the usa created to oust saddam and occupy the country . 
  ultimately we made the right choice and now the blood spilled by isis is not on our hands . 
  i 'm pretty sure la manif pour tous made their first appearance after france legalized gay marriage . 
  they were basically protesting in the streets yelling obscenities . 
  like `` god will smite france for their tolerance of sodomy '' or even some politicians that took part and said that `` homosexuality is an abomination '' . 
  also fillon has n't really been in the news lately to i do n't know what he 's been up to . 
  well during the the first world war it was `` ils ne passeront pas ! '', 
  yeah i 've traced my family history before , once for a school project and then the rest out of curiousity . 
  i have n't made it much further than my great-grandparents . 
  but here i go , i 'm of sephardic ancestry by my father , and french ancestry by my mother .
