  on my paternal side , my grandfather was born of jewish palestian parents who immigrated to america in the thirties . 
  i never knew them or my paternal grandfather . 
  my paternal grandmother is a wasp , never really asked futher than that . 
  my maternal side of the family is fully french , my mom was born in grenoble of parents who were from limousin and lille . 
  my maternal grandfather 's father was a banker from lille and his mother was from brittany . 
  my maternal grandmother 's parents were either from limousin or are unknown . 
  interesting story about my maternal great-grandfather ( father of my maternal grandmother ) , he was born a bastard of a french nobleman and a housekeeper . 
  his mother died in childbirth and his father could n't claim the child because he had a family . 
  so he was adopted by a very wealthy old woman with no children , he grew up in boarding schools and at 17 his adopted mother died , leaving him a fortune , not to mention a castle . 
  the wealth manager however managed to siphon off a chunk of the inheritance before he was old enough to manage it himself . 
  he spent a lot of the money during his youth , spending lavishly whilst living in paris , and eventually ended up meeting my great grandmother , an economics teacher . 
  in 1941 he joined the french resistance , he once told me a story of how his group got ambushed by the germans once at night , he was the only surviving member of his group and after that traumatizing experience , he only recruited instead of carrying out missions . 
  after the war he sold off what was left of his assets and bought a house in montpellier . 
  raised his children , worked as a lawyer and lived out the rest of his days . 
   we all thought my grandfathers brother had died in the war . 
  turns out , he made it to south america somehow . 
  is there by any chance that he was a nazi party member or ss ? 
  ok so in france we do have one of the biggest film industries in the world , we actually subsidize our film industry to make sure the americans do n't have a monopoly on film . 
  in general french movies are pretty well made , i personally like them a lot . 
  but they do kind of revolve around a couple of common themes , love , melodramas , and comedy . 
  our tv industry is lacking in quality content , the basic channels we get ( tnt ) have news , reality shows and kids shows . 
  with some quality channels like arte , which is french-german . 
  our media is very developped , but like in the us , it 's very partisan , the two biggest newspapers , le monde ( left leaning ) and le figaro ( right leaning ) are exclusively read by people on the left or right respectively . 
  to sum up we have : good movies shitty tv shows biased journalism, 
  she wants to expand the state , deport immigrants who she considers to be parasites , reverse many social advances , leave international alliances and wants france to return to its christian roots . 
  how is that not fascism ? 
  ok so the french elections are coming up soon . 
  we use a two round system to decide who becomes president . 
  voted in by direct universal suffrage of course . 
  the president is whoever got the most votes in the second round . 
  the first round determines which two candidates move on . 
  okay so france has every color of the political spectrum . 
  we have everything from marxists to fascists . 
  the candidates that actually have a shot at winning are : ( from left leaning to right leaning in descending order ) jean-luc melenchon ( a socialist ) , beno\u00eet hamon ( a social-democrat ) , emmanuel macron ( a centrist ) , fran\u00e7ois fillon ( a conservative ) and marine le pen ( a far-right candidate ( some people consider her to be a fascist ) ) . 
  currently it looks like the second round will be macron vs le pen . 
  but due to the nature of our system , le pen ca n't win . 
  everyone who is n't in support of le pen will vote against her in the second round . 
  so at least there wo n't be some big upset . 
  also francois fillon is embroiled in a nepotism/abuse of public funds scandal at the moment . 
  leaving his candidacy very uncertain . 
  oh i do n't think he is . . 
  you mean carla bruni-sarkozy ? 
  i do not hold the slightest sympathy for people who are basically indistinguishable to actual nazis . 
  it is a violent , hateful and irrational ideology that should n't get equal treatment with the other ideologies . 
  reddit did the right thing from a company standpoint , plus the added benefit of getting rid of one of the biggest neo-nazi echo chambers on this website . 
  well the plain packaging law just came into effect a few weeks ago . 
  the cost of cigarettes is high , like maybe 7.50 in usd for a pack . 
  most of it is taxes though , but other than that , the government is n't doing much to stop kids from smoking . 
  about a third of my country smokes . 
  it 's not really declining as much as in the us . 
  it 's still pretty instilled into our culture . 
  sometimes they do , the reasoning behind it is they strike to keep the benefits they have , and protest encroaching removal of benefits . 
  if the business owners know that the workers will fight to keep their benefits , they wo n't remove the benefits . 
  strikers have protection in france , the employer is n't allowed to replace you , it 's actually a constitutional right in france to go on strike . 
  damn i did n't even know about this guy , i do n't follow the ufc , only the olympics , but that guy is definitely a badass . 
  wow , that 's more than i expected , i often hear about strikes on the news frequently , but i had n't noticed it was that frequent . 
  france here , so yes the stereotype is pretty true , it 's mostly fueled by the cgt , but there are other prominent unions in france . 
  you can expect them to strike at least 4-5 times a year . 
  i do n't really think they 're a problem , they 're just workers making sure that the business owners know that they better take care of their employees or else they 'll mobilize . 
  if they do n't strike , no one would take them seriously , and the business owners in france are constantly looking to take away worker rights and make our economy more americanized , something that a lot of the french do n't want . 
  for france , we volunteer [ teddy riner ] ( http://imgur.com/a/bs9xu ) as tribute , he 's a 2.04 meter tall , 131 kg , olympic gold medal winning judo black belt . 
  for those who have n't heard of him , he 's a real nice guy , but he comes off as a gigantic man who could snap the competition in half . 
  he does n't need weapons , his weapon is his body and skill in martial arts . 
  and he 's large enough to survive a few days without eating , and still be a badass . 
  france here . 
  public transport is kinda hit or miss here . 
  at least in my experience the subway/metro is reliable , the busses are always late and the trains are either okay , late or on strike . 
  okay , i guess i was misinformed, 
  this is how it 's been explained on the news in france . 
  how is what i 'm saying wrong ? 
  i feel as though they should be able to protect themselves from threats if they feel threatened . 
  but i do n't want france to become a police state where cops can do whatever they want like in the us . 
   is it because of the ghettos ( which are often dubbed as ` sharia zones ' ) that seem to be popping up all over western europe ? 
  i would say that is a factor , but it 's more about the fear that they 'll be caught in a gunfight with jihadists and not have the right weaponry . 
  contrary to what fox news is saying , there are n't sharia law zones in france . 
  that 's bullshit , its just poor/ghetto areas in the suburbs of marseille and paris that have gangs and stuff . 
  it has nothing to do with sharia law or islam . 
  the police are protesting because they feel unsafe and want to be more militarized , like in the us . 
  also they think the judges are being to easy on crime and they end up arresting the same small deliquents over and over again because the prisons are over crowded and we ca n't be sending 20 year olds to jail for a few grams of pot . 
  andouillettes taste like ass too . 
  i 've had them once . 
  never again . 
  hey bby . . 
  no i 'd say that gender roles are n't very traditional here compared to other european countries . 
  and no , men are n't expected to pay after the first date . 
  i 'd say france is as homophobic as the us . 
  france is definitely more homophobic than other west european countries . 
  there are still anti-gay groups like la manif pour tous that protest against social reforms like abortion or invitro , stuff like that . 
  i do n't really know where it comes from , france is one of the most irreligious countries in the world . 
  i live in paris , which is pretty progressive , but in other places that are more right wing in rural areas , the homophobia is more apparent . 
  france here , so obviously we 're pretty open about sex and sexuality in a general sense , it was one of the things i noticed the most when i first came here from the usa . 
  in a sense i 'm still kind of a prude , but i 've accepted that it 's just not how i was raised . 
  courtship and flirting is much more open here and to a degree , accelerated . 
  i remember liking this girl and i told a friend of mine , who promptly talked about it openly in front of her one day , without realizing that i was embarrassed . 
  things like that are just more open in france than in the us . 
  on the issue of sexual orientation there still is a lot of homophobes in france . 
  mostly amongst catholic communities , and the upper and upper middle class . 
  but also the poorer class . 
  i personally am not lgbt but i know for sure that my family would n't accept me if i was . 
  i 've actually tried that before .
