  and i think the `` americans are stupid '' is like calling the wrights brothers mentally challenged . 
  but i do have a strong dislike for many parts of the us government and i think the prison population is a humanitarian crisis , not just a domestic `` issue . '', 
  i got my degree in the us , two states actually . 
  stephen fry loves the south , i have to agree . 
  other parts are similar to europe but the deep south is truly unique and beautiful . 
  i hate hate hate allahu akbar miami heat !, 
  it 's ungodly . 
  99 % of americans trace their ancestry from outside north america , so anyone who 's annoyed by it is seriously stupid . 
  i take pride , not annoyance when someone says they 're polish even if they have no clue where it is . 
  you should visit 1 major city and the rest i suggest you go to lesser known places . 
  you 'll appreciate having both aspects . 
  many tourist just stick to the main cities which is a shame . 
  and the countries greatly depend on your personal preferences . 
  do n't forget europe is like the us , you can easily get around by hoping on a train . 
  it takes longer to go leave florida from miami than to go from london to paris , seriously . 
  i can actually imagine being on meth in the middle of siberia rocking out to his with my imaginary friend . 
  [ glorious drunk rednecks ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4wroj0flvzs ) not really even a polish american but still , half my family lives in the states . 
  seeing a monster truck rally in madison square garden , nyc is the most incredible experience ever . 
  so i actually love rednecks , but still the `` who needs books ! '', 
  with some of them is cringe-worthy . 
  i do n't think any country will win out of this . 
  i do think us and russia will profit from it , and i do think many more will die . 
  * the us coalition is 50 + nations strong but isis is n't showing any signs of slowing down . 
  * assad will likely die at the hands of the cia or his own people , even if it 's 10 years from now . . when russia grows tired and stops protecting him . 
  * russia is n't even attacking isis , they 're attacking assad 's opponents in homs . 
  thus they 're trying to keep him in power . 
  * russia and the us benefit from all of this conflict , plenty of weapon sales to go around . 
  russia 's # 2 export are weapons , us being # 1 weapon sales in the world . 
  as for everyone else , they 're either adding fuel to the fire , contributing as little as possible , or simply not giving a fuck . 
  kinda like putin already decided crimea was going to be annexed weeks in advance thus making the vote a complete sham . 
  he even said that it was decided weeks in advance on tv as if it was nothing . 
  he does n't care if people fact check him . 
  guess where russia 's bombing ? 
  not isis held regions but rather homs where there are no isis troops . 
  but there are the rebels , the same rebels he gassed that [ killed 426 children . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/nearly-1500-killed-in-syrian-chemical-weapons-attack-us-says/2013/08/30/b2864662-1196-11e3-85b6-d27422650fd5_story.html ), 
  [ 426 children died . 
  ] ( https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/nearly-1500-killed-in-syrian-chemical-weapons-attack-us-says/2013/08/30/b2864662-1196-11e3-85b6-d27422650fd5_story.html ) i would n't call those rebels . 
  lets just say that a 4 year old child deserved to die for whatever sick reason , gas warfare has been internationally banned for a reason . 
  that alone makes him a war criminal . 
  426 children in one gas attack . . 
   the only ones confirmed to use chemical weapons are us sponsored isis isis are the only ones to confirm assad gassed his own people ? 
  lol, 
  if you knew who were in homs and who was n't ( isis not being there ) . . you 'd see russia is really trying to kill off the rebels yet that 'll skip tonights news in russia . 
   that is what they are doing the fuck they are . 
  they 're attacking in homs . 
  there are no isis in homs . 
  there are rebels that have been attacking assad 's forces . . you know , the same guys he attacked along with countless women and children . 
   but what he does in syria is way better they literally just started bombing today so how the fuck can you judge what putin has done in syria ? 
  are there reports already in that i 'm not aware of where isis is magically retreating ? 
   ` real strike ' that translates into actually taking out isis rather than trying to eliminate assad 's foes in order to keep the dictator in power . 
  and did n't france say just yesterday that assad needed to go ? 
  some could say * your * comment is stupid . 
  at least others are sharing their opinions about the topic rather than commenting about the comments . 
  gassing a shit ton of civilians . 
  are you seriously going to try to rationalize that ? 
  putin minimizes or rather ignored the fact that assad gassed his own people , something russia is even against in it 's own code of warfare . 
  but he needs a good , long distraction from the severe economic crisis and war is a really good way to do that . . especially for the corrupt politicians in moscow . 
  technically the title is correct . 
  they are sending troops . 
  there are already troops , thousands and there are already bombs dropped , from russia jets thus troops . 
  one thing i love is how so many people already think that without a doubt , russia will destroy isis . 
  remember afghanistan , their 9 years there ? 
  did n't go so well . 
  in fact , most would call it a complete failure . 
  instead people ignore history and focus on what russian state propaganda wants you to think , that glorious putin is going to fix the mess the west created and restore peace in the middle east !, 
  meanwhile poverty in russia is increasing by the day . . nice distraction . 
   victory for david cameron not something you see everyday , especially from british papers . 
  he * is * correct in this . 
  he used silicon valley , the most successful tech hub in the world as an example . 
  part of what makes silicon valley and the us in general so lucrative is n't just the market but the * many * tax breaks on startups - especially the high-tech industries . 
  that 's fine . 
  i really only posted it because yet another german car manufacturer is facing legal trouble from america . 
  you do realize that troops are required for military ports and growing airbases , right ? 
  can you link a single source online rather in russian , english or any language for that matter where it says these troops are going into ground combat ? 
  if so , that means putin lied at the un or he has no clue what his military is doing . . both which seem unlikely . 
  i disagree with this thinking . 
  not because i like putin , i do n't , i think he 's a monster but rather that putin is n't sending any ground forces and they 're * thinking * about bombings . 
  both of which allow russia to very quickly leave if necessary . 
  if he were sending ground forces then it 'd be a very different story , but he 's not . 
  in fact this is likely benefiting russia on many fronts both in syria with their ports/airbases but also at home where military = putins approval rating stays high while russians sink deeper into poverty and the current aids crisis . 
  putin sees into the future , a nuclear bomb got lost then blames it on the us for forcing russia to do it just like us forced russia to annex crimea . 
  putin is a sad lonely tyrant . 
  this is what happens when you have a huge amount of people coming from very violent countries . 
  meanwhile merkel letting everyone know there 's room for 800,000 migrants in germany while at the same time people are complaining that most are n't integrating and some could be radicalized , while most are n't even syrian refugees . 
  not blaming merkel for the cop being stabbed , but promoting such a huge flow of people has it 's very serious dangers and a cop being stabbed could be seen as a minor incident 6 months from now . 
  there 's nothing wrong with it , period . 
  but the views will lean likely more pro-eu rather than pro-russian . 
  and * every * news outlet on the planet is biased . 
  the ones that claim they are n't are usually the ones that are most biased ( rt ) . 
   fucking self-righteousness that permeates everything there 's another american show that came before john oliver 's last week tonight , which is the bill maher . 
  hbo , for all of it 's glory ( game of thrones , sopranos , etc ) really does love the extreme left . 
  it 's why hbo donated so much to obama 's campaign both times . 
  it seems that if you have a radical view , it 's opposite of fox news then you 're no longer a `` sheeple '' or `` asleep . '', 
  when in reality you 're nourishing extremist ideology to an extent . 
  not to mention the pc movement , that john oliver is diffidently part of . 
  that 's why jon stewart was so great , he was a leftist but not to the extreme . 
  i think you 're looking at it wrong . 
  there 's a major campaign to combat russian propaganda in the eu . 
  if you have a large russian speaking population yet no russian speaking media outlet , where are they going to turn to ?
