  welcome to the age of russian power ; i hate to say that i told you so . 
  but i did . 
  ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/11903976/putin-has-embarrassed-us-all-in-syria.-welcome-to-the-age-of-russian-power.html ) parts of the article are absolutely true but this obsession with painting the west as 100 % idiots while putin is some genius , doing everything perfect is absurd . 
  a writer for the telegraph already essentially not only predicting the outcome of the entire war to come but where syria , assad , and putin sit after the war ends . 
  the article by the way has over 1,000 comments for a reason , the west is obsessed with the `` we 've been played by genius putin once again ! '', 
  he even says that now every major international conflict will see russia as a key partner . . based on not even a solid 48 hours of airstrikes . . 
  atomic bombs sure the fuck did during ww2 , literally put an instant end to it . 
  right , tyrant or people call him a dictator . 
  there 's a difference . 
  one is used by leaders all over the world , `` root of all evil '' is something bush or iran 's supreme leader would say . 
  you 're saying that the only logical conclusion for the us / russia not wanting europe in the talks is so the us can destroy the european economy by flooding it with immigrants ? 
  lol, 
  it 's the stupidest theory i 've heard in a while . 
  if europe became bankrupt , who would the us export to ? 
  how would the us make money ? 
  part of why the west is so unified is we * heavily * trade . 
  if europeans suddenly have no money to buy then the us turns into a shit poor nation overnight . 
   i thought that is tinfoil hat level you might want to keep your tin foil hat on because that 's completely stupid . 
  if the us tries to destroy europe for whatever reason , even if it 's just the economy then that means the us goes back into a great depression . 
  why the fuck would they do that ? 
  you should really stop reading into so much rt bullshit that feeds people this absurd conspiracy theories . 
  countries who will fight for control in syria are going to end up with massive debt , it 's the very last thing any eu state needs right now . 
  it 'd also be nice in america thought twice because what they do always affects europe in one way or another . 
   president that called assad the root of all evil source ? 
  also , france and uk openly want assad gone rather dead or he steps down . 
  the same goes for the bulk of the us led coalition with over 50 + countries . 
  assad is an incredibly evil man , but obama never called him `` the root of all evil . '', 
   what u.s. puppet was installed in egypt ? 
  exactly what i was thinking . 
  lol the us congress decided to suspend much of the $ 1.5 billion annual military budget the us sends egypt because they were getting a little too dictatory and starting to get somewhat close to russia . 
  they resisted , proudly for a while then they realized that $ 1.5 billion helps dramatically thus they gave in . 
  also , if anyone wonders why the us gives countries billions in military spending , that 's why . 
  in your sarcasm do you really think that the middle east was peaceful prior to the invasion of iraq / afghanistan ? 
  this notion that it was a paradise , and not the same extremely violent place it is today is just naive if not flat out stupid . 
  russia seems to want this just the same as the americans . 
  they went to them exclusively prior to the attacks , during the attacks , even lavrov and kerry are in meetings without any eu representatives . 
  it 's weird . 
   but the americans want any negotiations restricted to themselves , the ** russians , iran , saudi arabia and turkey . 
  ** russia is n't calling eu up , they are n't giving them advanced warning , they are n't currently holding meetings together , instead russia is only talking to the us about this . 
  so it seems to me that both russia and the us want this to play out in their hands for some reason . 
  i 'd just like to know why the russian 's have clearly chosen to speak with the us but not the eu about strikes . 
  i mean really , lavrov and kerry have had a press conference , russian and us military high command are in constant communication but already the eu is being pushed to the side . 
  i contribute the majority of our safety to nato . 
  when a soviet monument is removed and you read headlines of `` russia 's furry '' well . . that 's all they can do is write a butthurt letter . 
  no little green men on vacation , thanks to nato . 
  this coming from someone that used to actively condemn nato as seeing it as a cold war relic . . a lot has changed since 2013 . 
  whoever `` we '' is that sends boots on the ground is going to be massively in debt for little return . 
  iraq for example , china uses most of those oil feeds now , not the us , canada , or uk . 
  so `` we '' should n't ever put troops on the ground because whichever country does that is going to be asking the international community for a trillion + dollar loan in 5 years time . 
  it 's why france , us , and russia are restricting themselves to air combat only . 
  it 's smart . 
  agreed but political bullshit dictates that common sense must never overtake bureaucracy / grudges . 
  israel has a pretty good approach . 
  if you 're a jew , dont be a mass murderer or iranian and we 'll give you citizenship . 
  it 's actually a very fast , simple process . 
  plus the polish population could use some growth for economic purposes . 
  ** `` the situation in the us worrying '' **  `` the situation in the us is clearly worrying , '' said michael heise , chief economist at allianz . 
  `` our calculations indicate , however , that developments in other countries have not been as dramatic . 
  as usual , the us is the exception rather than the rule among the market economies . 
  this is often lost in our debates as a result of the dominance of anglo-saxon economists , which the situation in the usa seen as representative of the rest of the world . 
  fortunately , this is not the case , `` decision heisse . 
  why does the us have a completely different set of rules than the rest of the world . 
  what would completely destroy most economies , can actually be a benefit in the us . 
  like they were saying , it gets lost in european debates because the same formulas used everywhere else to predict economic doom , does n't apply to the us . 
  you even have stupid shit like republicans likely shutting down the us government in the coming weeks . 
  it 'll make huge news , but financially speaking , everything will go on as if the government is open . 
  weird . 
  that makes no sense . 
  per capita is exactly what you should do because it disregards the total sum thus a very large population vs a very small one are on better footing . 
  if you read harvard white papers , many of their statistics are in per capita for a reason . 
  china for example is rich , but when you look at what they consider middle class , it 's actually considered poor in the us . 
  but per capita paints a much more accurate picture . 
  the us-led coalition consist of nearly 1/4th of all countries on the planet . 
  they 've been bombing isis for over a year now , successfully killing many leaders . 
  granted the 50 + countries have stopped isis and saudi arabia is likely funding them - us and it 's partners are n't sitting on their hands and so far russia has killed exactly zero isis terrorist . 
  like french , german , american , canadian , and essentially every western news agency is pointing out - they 're targeting a city where there 's no isis terrorist to be seen . 
  but there are the rebels trying to overthrow assad , the people he gassed that resulted in the deaths of over 400 children in a single attack . 
  i agree but if it 's facebook , microsoft , apple , google , amazon , or any other major american brand then you literally have the president of china and india courting you . 
  places like india and most of europe bend laws in their favor . 
  uber on the other hand is being targeted , there are no special laws for them . 
  it 's hypocritical . 
  i 've never used uber and i 'm sure they 're evil as fuck but i feel the need to defend them because other major american corporations like amazon have laws bend in their favor all across europe including poland while the exact opposite is done for uber . 
  it 's like governments decided to be self-righteous and score brownie points for attacking uber while leaving google , amazon , apple , microsoft , facebook , etc completely untouched . 
  why is uber so bad ? 
  i normally do n't defend giant corporations , but seriously they are doing the same exact thing amazon does . 
  they 're taking taking out the competition , not giving a fuck who 's lives they ruin craigslist , plenty of fish , grindr , etc all link you to perfect strangers yet they are n't being so heavily targeted by governments . 
  i strongly feel that if you 're going after corporate fuckery that you should n't be a hypocrite ignoring major corporations that have the same exact thought mentality . 
  i love amazon 's service but they 're the devil . 
  uber is just as bad , but one is actively being attacked by governments while the other is n't . 
  politicians benefit from amazon , their kids shop from it all the time yet they have no connection to uber to spite it benefiting a huge amount of people . 
  do n't be a hypocrite . 
  there is no way this will fail . 
  kinda like putin , how he grows more powerful to spite his blatant corruption . 
  same with these corrupt politicians and the insane wealth of major corporations that are pushing for it . 
  our governments know we 'll type about it , talk about it but when it comes to physically doing anything about it , we wont lift a finger . 
   i kind of feel proud , when someone want to be hungarian , or at least try to know their roots . 
  exactly . 
  there 's a lot of youtube bullshit that 's spread around but i do n't know any european that feels insulted or annoyed when an american claims ancestry . 
  barack obama claimed he was part irish lol . . but the irish liked that even though he 's half black , his staff trying to make that connection meant they found being irish important . 
  how could someone not be flattered by that ?
