  . . except the only time it 's ever been seen in public it had black smoke pouring out of it 's engines . 
  if you live in the us , it 's a lot like traveling from one state to another . 
  lots of international airports , trains , eu version of greyhound buses , lots of travel guides , obviously the euro single currency . 
  it 's easy to get around . 
  thank ~ ~ god ~ ~ putin seriously , now the isis terrorist will die . 
  something the american 's could never win , russian 's will be able to defeat quickly without any civilian deaths . 
  now do you see why so many people wish putin was their leader ? 
   i can guarantee this will not end peacefully in the end . 
  really , how exactly can you * guarantee * that ? 
  there were some brits that left then cried home saying there was no place to charge their ipod and that they were forced to clean constantly . 
  they use foreigners , it 's not like you go there ( including western countries ) and are treated any better . . unless they plan on using you for propaganda videos . 
  credible sources ? 
  i 've never heard of that in my life and i 've always paid attention to immigration , it 's a very important topic where i 'm from . 
  how many of the 45 million immigrants in the us have left ? 
  the * vast * majority stay for life . 
  so why would immigrants leave germany ? 
  us uses immigration to it 's advantage . 
  did you know germany is right behind the us in immigration ? 
  germany letting people in easily is n't anything new . 
  question should be , how much more can they do before they buckle . 
  it 's not just economic but crime , that 's the part people forget about . 
  i 'd like immigrants to complain about housing in the us . . that 'd go over well for them . 
  that 's not even a redneck , that 's a goddamn hill billy . 
  a redneck can be a billionaire that rides around in a private jet . 
  a hill billy lives in a shack in mountains of tennessee , likely either drunk or on meth with the iq of a squirrel , and their dinner . . squirrel . 
  us vs < country  can easily net 1 million views on youtube . 
  it 's always the same with those . 
  europeans essentially think americans are completely stupid ( ignore nasa , harvard , worlds top tech companies ) , fattest country in the world ( another myth ) , and you ca n't walk outside your house without a 98 % chance of being shot . 
  americans are actually really nice when talking about europeans which is the thing we do n't pay attention to . 
  there 's not hate back and forth , there 's hate one way . 
  again , i do n't see why they 're so popular when it 's the same conclusion every time . 
  they did a really good job with the timeline . . clearly things get worse and worse when putin is in power . 
  he called the internet a cia project , as if the us invented it to better control the world population . 
  i would n't put a lot of trust in americans . . ( no offense ) especially on youtube = google which is greatly in bed with the us government . 
  how so ? 
  if they mentioned that , it 'd go against the `` everything is perfect in germany , rest of the west is shit '' circlejerk . 
  germany has some incredible pr lately . 
  article leaves out this bit : [ german television showed the protesters throwing rocks and beer bottles at police officers in riot gear and knocking down police barricades . 
  ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2015/08/24/world/europe/germany-heidenau-anti-immigration-protest-police.html?_r=0 ) or the protests across germany for the past year specifically about immigration laws . 
  funny to see israel deny deny deny just like russia did with the plane that killed hundreds of people on the way to an aids conference . 
  us stays silent . . what about germany ? 
  why have n't we heard anything from them ? 
  how is this impressive when they 've literally done nothing yet ? 
  i could * say * i 'm going to scale the empire state building . 
  is that impressive ? 
  and let me know how impressive it is when you see russia does n't give two fucks about collateral . 
  look at afghanistan with the us and russia , nearly identical time there yet 1 had far more civilian deaths than the other by far . 
  is that impressive ? 
  why is germany silent ? 
  why is france silent ? 
  why is uk silent ? 
  why is canada silent ? 
  why is china silent ? 
  why is australia silent ? 
  why is india silent ? 
  none of those countries have reported in the past 12 hours on russia 's plans . 
  not a single one of them . 
   not like america or any other nato country will do anything trolling , insanely ignorant , or has russian propaganda got you already ? 
  then when you do n't have a lot of trust in a single source or agency , what 's the next best thing ? 
  if osce and ato are saying the same thing then * maybe * it 's correct assuming one is n't relying on the other as a source . 
  if the enemy is saying the same thing then again , it 's more likely to be true . 
  i ca n't see how this article is lying when russia and ukraine . . even the pentagon have reports of heavy firing daily . 
  every shot could count as `` breaking the truce '' for that matter . 
  did you even read what you quoted me on or the actual article ? 
  broadcasting and actual physical offices are two totally different things , would n't you agree ? 
  cnn is a great example . 
  rt is allowed anywhere in the us , freely without threat of closure whereas cnn has to packup and leave as russia made very specific laws that directly targeted foreign media , ~ ~ mainly ~ ~ only those from the west . 
  latvia is doing something similar , finding a loophole to make rt offices in the country illegal . 
  given it 's history , i cant blame them although it does go against freedom of press . 
  offices are part of that whole freedom thing . 
  i love the hypocracy of russia . 
  let 's take the us . 
  rt is freely able to have offices wherever they decide , including nyc and washington , d.c. . . yet putin made laws where essentially all us ( and some eu ) news agencies were forced to pack up and leave their offices in russia already or will be doing so in the near future . 
  people forget where north korea got it 's crazy from . . 
   they do n't lure people by telling them they get to kill other people yes they do , of course they do . 
  there have been western citizens that have left , thinking they 're going to battle when in reality they 're stuck cleaning toilets . 
  i very literally mean cleaning toilets . 
  one wrote home to his/her parents complaining they could n't charge their ipod and it 's nothing like what they expected . 
  others are promised to have sex slaves , including children as a lure . . not just for the west but throughout the middle east . 
  the really fucked up part is that 's true . 
  and they recruit on twitter and youtube . 
  you should google search `` isis twitter '' . . they literally have 10 's of thousands of * accounts * not to mention a shit ton of propaganda being spat out daily . 
  i do n't think anyone here disagrees about gitmo but ffs to say `` well yeah they might have been slightly terroristy before but now thanks to the us they clearly are going to join isis . . 
  i mean what else do you expect them to do ?! '', 
  that 's absurd . 
   the system is n't perfect , and it never will be . 
  that 's it right there . 
  the west constantly fucks up , always will but it 's how we judge ourselves and each other , how we change and overcome that makes the west different from many other regions of the world , particularly the middle east . 
  change no matter how slow is better than nothing . 
   us only care about human rights whenever its convenient abraham lincoln would like to have a word with you along with 10 's of thousands of dead soldiers . 
  actually the drone strikes are the biggest recruitment and it 's not just the us hints them targeting european countries too that fight against isis . 
  and to say he was radicalized due to gitmo is complete speculation . 
  funny enough most people would n't think twice if he was given a quick bullshit trial and sentenced to death but locking him up for 10 years is somehow substantially worse . 
  not saying gitmo is remotely legal , but just really interesting how if they executed him with a show trial most people would have already forgotten about him long ago ... but they did n't kill him and now most hope a us drone strike does strike him dead . 
  usa # 1 at shooting itself in the foot . 
  for everyone outside the uk what are your greatest fears if uk leaves the eu ? 
  poor indian grill . . makes the best kabobs . 
  right but in order to have all of that , they 'd need to turn into a policing agency which they are n't . 
  they 're intelligence . 
  it 's like mi5 and mi6 .
