  california for example that has a massive immigration population that wants them to stay , to not be deported even if they entered illegally . 
  texas is also on the border with a very different view , they have cowboys armed with shotguns , sniper rifles , and pistols ready to `` deal '' with anyone that crosses . 
  and guess what , in america the entire migration population is a total disaster . 
  it 's almost as bad as the prison crisis . 
  that does n't need to be the case for eu states , we can fix it before it gets * really bad * . 
  the biggest argument is who stays , who goes ? 
  knowing that sending these people back could very easily be their deaths . 
   everybody knows that the syria will be split into three parts . 
  no , everyone does not know that , i do n't think that . 
  i 've never heard of that until you saying it now . 
  nor does it make any sense at all . 
  remember , it 's iran/russian/syria against an already weakened is . . the cia backed opposition forces are already being destroyed . 
  once they 're completely destroyed , all they have left is isis which would put up a good fight i 'm sure but 'll be no match to a never-ending onslaught of both ground and air forces combine from 3 countries that dont care about collateral . 
  nato is the strongest military force in world history , very literally speaking . 
  ` russia would attack nato only in mad person 's dream ' -- president vladamir putin , 2015, 
  i agree russia would retaliate but at the same token , turkey is n't doing this over russian airspace so what gives russia the right to keep violating nations territory without zero consequence yet if it were done in reverse , they 'd shoot it down ? 
  turkey is over run with millions of refugees , not isis camps . 
  so what 's their excuse , that their soldiers are morons that dont know basic navigation so they got lost again ? 
  the double standards are ridiculous . 
  and russia would be suicidal to ever invade turkey , it 's a full-fledged nato member . 
  ruskies also do n't have a problem with the vast majority of their bombing runs being against assad 's opponents , not is . 
  [ spiegel published findings of a poll , most syrian refugees in germany fled due to assad , * not * is . 
  ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/syrische-fluechtlinge-umfrage-untersucht-fluchtgruende-a-1056567.html ) and another wrote an article ( opinion ) essentially saying russia stepped in now because is was successfully being driven out of syria slowly but surely . 
  if you look at a map , timeline , you can see over the past 8 months that 's true . 
  once is are out of syria , what 's next ? 
  assad . 
  that 's what russia is mostly targeting is opponents first then in the end it 'll be russia , assad-led syria , and iran that defeat is out of the country . 
  they 'll get the glory . 
  meanwhile gassing his own people that killed 450 + children in a single attack will go unpunished thanks to russia . 
  i think sometimes certain european countries try to put a fantasy of what humanity should be like before reality thus you get crisis 's like this . 
  can a german actually explain to me what they 'd want border control to look like . 
  * israel with giant walls , guard towers , gates , prison-esque * polish where it 's mostly free to cross but monitored , pussy checkpoints * us with drones , ground censors , partial walls , helicopters , entire dedicated federal unit aka extreme security * north korea / south korea dmz littered with land mines , literally making it impossible to pass but cheap the more `` features '' you want , the more extreme the cost becomes . 
  for the love of god , you must have donald trump in charge of the wall . . afterall it 'll be free . . he 'll force mexico to pay for it !, 
  i retracted my comment . . 
  i see now . 
  and yeah that persons post is bullshit . . although i 'm sure russia has n't minded the anti-ttip movement . 
  yep because bush sure did nearly destroy that alliance . . oh wait , it did n't at all . 
  europe has to be in a strong alliance with the us and visa versa . 
  do you seriously think a single candidate that wants to build a giant wall in north america , not europe would justify europe going into a dark age , again ? 
  hell no . 
  i believe it 's $ 1 billion per party according to the last elections . 
  also , it 's so much money that they are never able to spend it all . 
  it 'd be nice if they gave the rest away to charity instead of it magically disappearing . 
  but what about that hair . . is there any explanation for that yet ? 
  in poland he 's mentioned some , but it 's usually a small article or a brief mention when he says something crazy . 
  honestly , i 've never really talked to him with many people but i 've never heard anyone say he 's smart . . 
  i do hear people say he 'll never be elected which is likely true . 
  the wall is going to be huuuge he seriously wants to build a giant wall much larger than any in the world , including israel then have a singular door . 
  that door would have to be giant just for commerce let alone individuals . 
  trump is a moron that gets fame from being radical . 
  i think sanders will become more famous if the current us vice president decides to run because then it 'll be a showdown between the two of them . 
  i severely doubt the liberals will win , there 's seriously a more likely chance of jeb bush winning than biden , hillary , or sanders . 
  that pains me because it can have serious consequences in europe if a tea party member runs . 
  they 're severely radical . 
  us has a leap-frog thing with elections , obama a democrat , next guy a republican . 
   as head of the world 's only superpower that 's kinda like the pope saying `` land of the free , home of the brave '' and `` god bless merica '' after every speech in his us tour . . people know how to make an american cry . . that and bacon . 
  it means nothing to countries like germany and uk though . 
  when your government is willingly handing over your data , any server laws would be meaningless . 
  and lets say google , reddit , youtube , twitter , netflix , facebook , wikipedia , etc all were forced to have servers in europe in order to have their websites accessible to europeans . . you having windows or os x negates all of that . 
  did you know an antivirus like kaspersky ( russian / fsb ) or norton ( american ) can read 100 % of everything you do ? 
  every key stroke , when you log in , what websites you 're watching , if you 're into midget porn ( not judging ) . . 
  they can only do so much ... so do n't get overly excited . 
  nothing will really change . 
  germany handed over all their data willingly to the nsa , it was n't stolen from them nor did they threaten sanctions but rather an exchange for software the nsa created . 
  as a german , i hope you realize the battle for your privacy is long from over . 
  at least you can be thankful you are n't living in the uk in regard to privacy or lack of . 
  good . 
  germany handed over it 's citizens data willingly in exchange for nsa 's top spy software while acting completely shocked when the snowden revelations came out . 
  uk is part of the five eyes . 
  that 's not a tin-foil hat thing , it 's a proper pact . 
  with nato you already have an ever-growing number of countries turning over data to the us in exchange for whatever . 
  for all of eu , i guarantee you the us is getting the big stick , we 're getting the short stick * every time . 
  * this is where the eu has succeeded in being functional but at what cost ? 
  i do n't think most americans or for that matter most the world understands european politics . 
  it 's just like the dalai lama , heads of state in the eu wont meet with him in fear of pissing off china but in north america , they still meet with him just the same as before . 
  it 's called having balls , something many leaders here do n't possess . 
  us throws around billions like it 's pocket change . 
  egypt gets $ 1.5 billion per year just for their military , totally free to egypt . 
  which is exactly why i do n't think uk should feel forced to stay . 
  in fact i really think the uk should leave , not because i have anything against it but rather i do n't think it 's right for the british people . 
  it should be 100 % up to the british people . 
  looking from the outside , i do n't see why a brit would want to stay in the eu . 
  i just do n't see england being part of any union that it does n't lead , it just does n't feel very british . 
  eu is still great for smaller countries like poland though . 
  economically speaking there are securities but for a country like uk . . most think tanks agree that gb would do just fine on it 's own . 
  even the british pound is one of the strongest currencies on the planet which is exactly why the uk is a rare exception . 
  uk would get `` freedom '' from across the atlantic if that happened . 
  brexit needs to happen . 
  i was against it until mid-year and especially now . 
  not everyone likes the fact that germany is essentially the leader . 
  if you do n't do as they say , they will threaten you like with the migration how they threatened countries that did n't meet their quotas . 
  europe will still have great financial securities , even military defenses will be the same . . it 's just that sovereign nations will be a lot more sovereign . 
  there 's certainly nothing wrong with that . 
  yes . . in order for it to look like a face . 
  they actually look disgusted . 
  look at their eyes big and the mouth like `` wtf are you sticking into me . '', 
   bbc does n't do documentaries about them . 
  they do , an entire series . 
  it 's called extreme russia . 
  that 's like pacifying police brutality in the us or justifying the absurd prison population .
