  one actually goes out and does the field work while the other mostly gathers intelligence yet they work in sync . 
  they work far better separate rather than one . 
  or as you 're saying , have them do both then they 'd be like the us border patrol which france is suggesting although frontex was never mentioned . 
  frontex does n't have ground agents , they do n't actually go around making arrests or enforce the law . 
  frontex manages and allows communication between and to many different agencies but it does n't actually protect the border itself . 
  france is proposing such an agency that would , the current system simply does n't work . 
  and by giving them more tools . . to do what exactly ? 
  more servers ? 
  because if you mean more ships , helicopters , land vehicles . . well again , that 's not their job , they cant actually go out and enforce anything . 
  here 's a wikipedia page that explains what frontex actually does : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frontex, 
   there are 350 million legal crossings between the u.s. / mexican border every year . 
  sources ? 
  so you 're saying the equivalent entire us population plus 30 million more cross the border every year ? 
  i hope you 're just trolling and not serious . 
  seekers including people sending in requests that are still in their home country . 
  media keeps going by `` seeker '' numbers because they 're much higher and more shocking than the number these countries expect of people * physically * coming to the country . 
   logistics centres are a type of small headquarters with around 80 employees , approximately half of whom are people from the hosting country . 
  the nato team in slovakia will be smaller with 41 people and 21 of them will be slovaks . 
  part of nato 's current strategy is to * slowly * expand in countries that do n't have a major nato presence . 
  it almost seems more symbolic or to make them feel part of the team than something that 's really needed simply due to the very small size . 
  what 's more news worthy imo is the fact that nato announced it 's doubling the size of the rapid response force which includes 10 's of thousands of troops which can circulate along nato countries bordering russia . 
  the economist is british thus european . 
  i highly recommend watching [ border wars on national geographic ] ( http://channel.nationalgeographic.com/border-wars/ ) and getting to know [ us border patrol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_border_patrol ) because france at least is wanting something similar . 
  they 're similar to a coast guard and are part of the federal government but they specialize less in invasions by large militaries but more in human / drug smuggling , not to mention the cartels or in europes case , terrorists disguising themselves as refugees . 
  they 're a cross between the dea , fbi , and coast guard . . to spite the mockery they get over fences so small that a child could step over them , they have full scale drones , fleets of helicopters and boats , hummers , ground sensors everywhere , portable `` smart '' guard towers using cameras/detection software , even horses . 
  that 's different from lets say europe having giant walls like israel all across it 's coastlines or on the flip side some dysfunctional model for local police to follow . 
  if there 's one system using state of the art technology then the need for ugly walls is minimal yet we 'd still keep most people out . 
  and yeah , it 'll cost 10 's of billions of euros just to get it started and billions every year but for the total some of the eu , it 's a tiny amount compared to what happens if we dont stop the migrants from coming in ( not saying refugees should n't be allowed in ) . 
  ** tl ; dr : ** france proposed a border police , it 'd likely be closer to what the us has . 
  i think this is where we need to focus on now , how to slow down the flood long term without walling up the entire european coastline . . using high tech equipment instead and create a single european border patrol rather than many . 
  i do n't know anyone here who hates russians but i do know many that hate putin and the russian government . 
  did you know some if not most people here also hate the us and chinese governments ? 
  why is it if someone thinks ill of putin , you 're automatically `` russiaphobic '' and against * all * russians . . thinking there is no russia without putin . 
   when did she announce an 800,000 limit ? 
  early september , it 's easily searchable on google on * many * news sites across the world . 
  same reason why complete and total online surveillance is bad . 
  most people want some form of privacy . 
  if you own a smartphone , there 's an extremely high chance absolutely everything you text , when you wake up , who you call and when , your dick pics , etc are all being tracked in a mass collection on your permanent record . 
  so they already have all of that . . now they want our dna ?!, 
  that 's insane . 
  some of us said that since the day she said how much germany could hold . 
  when she announced the 800,000 limit , it was seriously plastered absolutely everywhere and not just in syria but iraq , jordan , yemen , etc. 
  and on top of that , germans were applauding them when they came off the trains , handing them food . 
  so what else where they supposed to think ? 
  merkels euphoria is now her greatest political nightmare . 
  `` a world leader '' . . sure among many others , those whom have had malfunctioning missiles . 
  russia 's missiles clearly are n't infallible . 
  russia will excuse this quickly with whataboutism . 
  they 'll say `` at least we did n't drop two nuclear bombs on our own territory , us state of north carolina . '', 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1961_goldsboro_b-52_crash i 'm frankly surprised that / r/europe is n't like / r/worldnews yet where the russian trolls respond to * every * article mentioning russia and come up with some rationale regardless of what it is , especially if it makes putin look bad . 
  true but it 's bbc . . they do n't throw a bunch of bs out unless they feel confident about their sources , they 'd lose credibility . 
  remember seekers and actual physical people coming into germany are two totally different things . 
  the guardian did this before for extra hype ( which it 's great at ) , it makes it seem as if that 's the number of people that 'll be at the border or actually inside germany when in fact that includes people filling out forums that 're still an ocean away . 
  i think he 's referring to us border patrol ... they actually do help a great deal . 
  but they also have multi-million dollar surveillance drones , ground sensors everywhere , portable towers , helicopters , etc. 
  us spends billions on it 's boarder patrol annaully . . imagine how much it 'd cost for the eu . 
  technically it could be far worse , you have germany and france likely saying no to a lot of things . 
  last time i checked , cameron is a yes man when it comes to washington . . however unfortunate that is . 
  while that says they dont want to go through the pain of doing it again , there 's absolutely no part of that which is a threat nor saying they are only going to do this once . 
  it 's uk . . 
  us is closer to them than canada . 
  it 'd be a lot of work , but i do n't think it 'd be nearly as difficult to negotiate as with germany . 
  i follow us news on a daily basis , what you 're saying with trade is simply not true . 
  that 'd be equivalent to obama not giving israel their annual $ 1 billion military budget . . he 'd be impeached immediately , same with uk , it 's 100 % off limits in washington . 
  uk can go forward with brexit , obama will say he 's disappointed then the next president will deal with the changes but there 's no serious economic threats , that 's absurd . 
  i agree with you on essentially everything . 
  uk 's economy overall will be very turbulent , especially if it removes the euro . . but that likely wont last long . 
  of all eu countries , including germany and france - great britain is the only one that can walk away with minimal bruising and more importantly without completely destroying the eu itself . 
  and i think in some ways it will make england even more competitive . 
  most important , uk will be almost completely sovereign again . 
  most countries including poland benefit from the eu , even if it 's absolutely 100 % true what he said . 
  if you accept that germany is the leader and there are certain sovereign rights you must give up then it 's not so bad . 
  the alternative for weaker countries is far worse . 
  uk is the exception , uk is a very strong country , even with it 's own successful currency , laws , ideals . . it 's not one meant to be caged in if that makes any sense . . they do n't like to follow , they like to lead except when merica / israel are in the building . 
  warsaw is much more relaxed than chicago but to be frank , i 'd stay where you are . 
  chicago is like nyc , but more pretty . . except the gun violence and most insane winters i 've ever experienced . 
   theres more to war than military spending . 
  which is exactly why nato is the strongest military force in world history . 
  laser cannons , drones in space , hyper-sonic flight , invention of jet planes , invention of powered flight itself . . all western inventions . 
  they 're outpacing the vast majority of european countries , not just in the eu . 
  i really hope they use that growth to invest in their infrastructure so they can bring people from abroad . 
  that 's the deciding economic factor in the 21st century , how well your country adapts to globalization . . top ranking countries often happen to be the richest . 
  oil rich nations are the exception , but even then you see them scrambling to build universities , it , etc. 
  i 'd absolutely agree that flights across north america are far cheaper than crossing the atlantic but $ 100 for a round trip is absolutely false . 
  and if you 're saying that 's just for a one way ticket then you should specify that . 
  the vast majority of people who fly need a round trip ticket so you 're not counting what the average person would spend . 
  that 's not true at all . 
  i 've flown a lot across the us . 
  realistically speaking if you want to get on a decent yet cheap flight without a lot of layovers , you 're going to be spending about $ 120 one way , $ 240 round trip if you stay 5 days or less . 
  there are * many * websites you can check right now to verify that . 
  look at how much it 'd cost a person to fly to disney world in orlando , florida from buffalo , new york for a 3 day trip . 
  if you 've ever had an authentic mexican meal , you would n't mind them coming . 
  as an american would say , `` they 're god damn delicious . '', 
  also , even texas farmers like mexicans . . they work really hard for next to nothing and integrate into society unlike some muslims . 
  i seriously ship my stuff back , that way i do n't have to worry about what i can / cant bring back . 
  a lot of american airports have various postal services there , they 'll box it and ship it for you . . it usually takes 2 weeks using cheap shipping . 
  i remember when our media was heavily condemning the americans for deporting illegal immigrants , now we 're doing the same . 
  if you 've studied in the us , you 've probably heard debates about immigrants . 
  one thing everyone agrees on is your first act when entering a country should n't be to break the law , that 's absurd . 
  that should apply to all of europe as well .
