  i suppose so , but it 's already been done for the uk , for example , and i 'd think that it would be just as easy to reiterate that any violation of the rules will be treated as fatal , if it 's not so much the timeframe that matters as the rule violations . 
  that would make a great deal of sense , but i have to admit that even re-reading the article , that did n't seem to be the plain meaning of the text -- while it was n't terribly specific , `` crashing out of the euro '' and `` it is over '' all sounds like they are referring to ez membership rather than to euros being provided to banks . 
  perhaps it 's just an article trying to sound more-exciting than it is ... 
  well , i 'd think that greece could still be deferring the payment , but let 's say that happens . 
  how is is advantageous to the eu to have a defaulting greece outside the euro rather than on the euro ? 
  hmm . 
  that does n't make sense to me either . 
  first , the media has said that the ez could weather greece leaving the euro ( much less the eu ) , and that seems pretty convincing to me . 
  second , if it is so vital for greece to stay on the euro , i 'd think that you 'd want to provide as much opportunity as possible for greece to remain . 
  to say `` 24 hours or you 're out '' does n't do that . 
  you 'd do that if you were worried that at 48 hours , greece might suddenly decide that it likes being off the euro , and that does n't seem to be terribly likely . 
   imagine what would happen to the us and the dollar , if a state decided and were allowed to leave . 
  the us would still be there ? 
  the us was still there when half of the states left back in the american civil war . 
  the currency saw inflation , but that 's because both sides were expanding their currency supply like mad . 
  so why not simply cut off access to those funds without stating `` you 're off the euro , goodbye '' ? 
  oh , i understand why this is very urgent for greece , and i understand why the eu would have liked to have not reached the point in terms of * greece * being damaged . 
  but an ultimatum from the eu would make sense if greece did n't mind waiting a while longer and the eu did , and i do n't think that that 's the case : i 'd expect the opposite to be true . 
   nobody wants to kill off greece . 
  of course not , and i 'm not advocating * refusing * to negotiate . 
  the previous position , `` our door is open when you 're ready '' , seems to make a great deal of sense . 
  but why issue an ultimatum ? 
   there are greek subsidiary banks in the balkans and e europe as well as private busnisses which are expecting payments for deliveries and contracts made with greek businesses . 
  okay , but an ultimatum -- `` cut a deal now or you 're out '' still does n't make sense . 
  right now , people in greece clearly believe that `` no '' will buy them a more-pleasant position . 
  the eu feels that it wo n't , which seems very plausible to me . 
  that means that for the eu to get the greek public on-board , it needs to convince those people . 
  no ultimatum and waiting means that people have time to realize that there 's no rhetoric and that shortages are going to be very real : you ca n't argue with what 's in front of you . 
  but issue an ultimatum , and you run the risk of passing the limit and the greek people discovering after the fact that refusing to accept the deal is actually a really bad idea , but too late for public opinion to shift . 
  well ... [ sort of ] ( http://www.usdebtclock.org/ ) ... 
   if you believe in a grexit , you better buy a house for that money right now , because tomorrow the bank will be told by the government that those euros are now drachmas , which will be worth 50 % less by the time you wake up . 
  a house will have it 's value adjusted to whatever the new currency ends up being worth , but cash savings will be obliterated . 
  the problem , of course , is that once a grexit is in the cards , everyone gets the same idea , so property prices start going up . 
  hmm . 
  i do n't know ... everyone 's income drops in real terms in a switch to the drachma . 
  i 'd think that there 'd be some connection between real estate and local incomes , unless wealthy foreigners are going to come in and buy everyone 's houses and turn them into vacation residences . 
  and i 'd think that every house with a mortgage denominated in a euro would suddenly become unserviceable debt , and the foreclosures on those would swamp the real estate market with cheap property , yes ? 
  in the past , have currency devaluations led to property price rises ? 
  maybe it 's just a spike followed by a fall to below the starting point ... 
  i do n't understand the urgency at all . 
  i 'd think that time is very much on the side of the eu : greece will be operating with fewer and fewer euros and conditions will get worse , but nothing bad will happen on the eu side . 
  the eu could wait for the actuality to sink in or for greece to start issuing euro ious or neodrachmas or whatever , and that should n't hurt their position . 
  if tsipras is n't delivering on his promises to the greek people , then he moves to a weaker position . 
  there 's no need for the eu to burn credibility in trying to force anything : it 's easy enough to see what life-sans-eu is like . 
  i suppose that merkel and hollande know something that i do n't , but it seems so strange that they 'd want to add pressure with time apparently on their side . 
  the united states enjoys global military hegemony , and has for some time . 
  it is near-unchallengeable in traditional military terms . 
  a few years back , a bunch of people living in third-world countries with very limited means took out the two largest financial office buildings in the us , performed the first attack ever on the us military headquarters , and tried to wipe out the us legislature , only failing the last due to luck . 
  there may be good reasons to do something that greece does n't like , but `` ha ha , nobody can do anything back so they have to suck it up '' is a really inadvisable position . 
  if you know your european history , you know that terrorism and guerrilla warfare was a thing not long ago in greece , and that 's a headache that nobody wants back . 
   alternatively the uk government could become a trusted ca yes , this is what i described in the follow-up comment . 
  additional , isp-operated proxies are n't even necessary . 
  to do mitm attacks , there 'd already need to be a transparent proxy in place . 
  if an mitm attempt fails because the one side requires a trusted cert and does n't trust the uk 's ca , the connection simply fails . 
  either you have tappable communication , or you have no communication . 
   set up bots to find websites using any other certificate authorities and start imprisoning website owners . 
  the bots do n't need to walk websites , and website owners do n't need to be imprisoned . 
  it causes no harm for the uk to have websites that try to provide such communication , since they simply wo n't be usable if they are n't tappable . 
   usa would step in before that happens i doubt that . 
  that would probably be politically-counterproductive , and in the past , the [ united states has pulled its military out of countries where bases exist if it was unable to convince them otherwise ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/1991/12/28/world/philippines-orders-us-to-leave-strategic-navy-base-at-subic-bay.html ) . 
  doing otherwise would be to create an occupation . 
  ( note that in the specific case of the above , the us is [ now back in place after a twenty-year hiatus ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/u.s._naval_base_subic_bay#closure ) , albeit only at the specific permission of the host country . ), 
  if i 'm correct about his position , i do n't think that his chance of success is high , though in this case the stakes are higher than they were with some other countries that did this , since he 's talking about a chunk of europe . 
  but in his shoes , i think that i 'd try this as well . 
  what 's he got to lose ? 
  maybe he 'll get lucky . 
  and , i 'd also point out , if he 's doing that , he 's legitimately serving his country 's interests , trying his darndest to play hardball with a weak hand to improve greece 's position ... which is both what he was elected to do * and * what he just got a renewed mandate to do from his voters over the weekend . 
  he may have made bad economic moves , but he was given a broken country with an intransient electorate , a weak economic position , creditors that arguably were n't particularly friendly , and a lousy deal and asked to obtain a better deal . 
  he pushed hard for one . 
  he went back to his electorate before upping the ante . 
  whatever mr. tsipras 's flaws , if that 's what he 's doing , i 'd say that he 's legitimately trying to benefit greece , and he 's working within the bounds given him by his voters . 
  that may not be fun for the people that he 's playing hardball against , and he may not be successful but he 's working with what options he has available . 
  i would n't blame him for that . 
  i do n't think that he 's unaware of what drawing the game out this long will cost greece , but that 's why he 'd have a referendum -- to ask the greek people to stick with him further , even through painful negotiating tactics , in the attempt to win a better deal for greece . 
  over the next few weeks , there will be pictures of pensioners digging through garbage in europe , of media doing human-interest stories on children in dire straits , and so forth . 
  that wo n't leave a good taste in the mouth of the peoples of europe , and it might be convincing to the public of other countries . 
  maybe he could be successful , albeit by a route other than bluff and hardball . 
  he has something that the troika wants in the name of european stability , which is the ability to discourage italian and spanish leftists by showing how much greece is suffering from its intransigence . 
  so , greece visibly-suffers for a time in a choreographed set piece , and the spanish and italian people are shown how foolish it is to try and fight the troika . 
  they decline to seek better terms . 
  subsequently , greek negotiators appear to give in and subsequently are extended , perhaps via debt deferral or whatever is the most-politically-viable route , better terms , and it is agreed to finally recognize that much of this debt will never actually be paid back . 
  of course , this last paragraph is deep into speculation on something that i lack familiarity with . 
  it may be wildly unrealistic , something that would never be done . 
  but that would at least be a route via which mr. tsipras could perhaps get greece the better deal that it wants , and serve the interests of the parties involved . 
  what 's calling the bluff entail ? 
  just not giving greece money ? 
  then greece is no worse off than before . 
  mr. tsipras has n't gone out and claimed `` i 'm bargaining with putin to get money '' . 
  he 's just had his government leak the fact that * immediately after the referendum * , he 's * initiated * talks * with putin * . 
  there 's been a long and rich tradition of countries playing off the west and the east , and greece leaking the fact that mr. tsipras is going to talk to putin is presumably just another move in the game . 
  the west and the east both had to put up with countries trying to game them for money for ages during the cold war . 
  i would n't simply assume that mr. tsipras has strong buy-in from russia , even if he would like to give that impression . 
  let me put it this way : mr. tsipras can privately give putin a phone call whenever he wants . 
  he does n't need to arrange to have his government leak it . 
  if he were * really * working out some arrangement , he 'd have every interest in keeping this private . 
  if he really wanted to move to putin 's camp , there 'd be no reason in dicking around : putin and him could just announce new russian bases and that greece was giving its one-year notice to leave nato . 
  done . 
  however , if all he wants to do is to try to give the impression that europe is at risk of losing greece , then he wants to have a conversation of undefined content and very flagrantly leak the fact that he 's doing so . 
  which is exactly what is happening here . 
  so my bet is that he 's doing the same thing that egypt and dozens of other countries did during the cold war , which is being ostentatious about the fact that he 's going to join the other camp unless he gets money now , because he believes that that pressure will help get him the money .
