  the [ uk 's policy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_soli ) requires that at least one parent be a legal resident :  united kingdom : since 1 january 1983 , at least one parent must be a british citizen or be legally `` settled '' in the country or upon the 10th birthday of the child regardless of their parent 's citizenship status ( see british nationality law ) . 
  it 's not vulnerable to that loophole . 
  i imagine the same as if a non-migrant marries a danish person . 
  i do n't think that the danish people 's party would object there . 
  they just do n't want extending security guarantees to be treated as then extending citizenship or permanent residence guarantees , which seems reasonable to me . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jus_sanguinis  some countries provide almost the same rights as a citizen to people born in the country , without actually giving them citizenship . 
  an example is indf\u00f8dsret in denmark , which provides that upon reaching 18 , non-citizen residents can decide to take a test to gain citizenship . 
  so if the conflict ran for 19 years , it 'd run afoul of that . 
  anyway , obviously it 's at least theoretically possible to structure things such that a guarantee can be provided that no such grant will be extended . 
  so a credible guarantee from a body that can impose that constraint on the european judicial system would be acceptable . 
   did you ever find it interesting that european wars are rarely described as ` sectarian ' ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_troubles  the conflict is primarily political but with strong ethnic and sectarian dimensions , [ 28 ] although it was not a religious conflict . 
   before we ascended to a higher plane of existence what ? 
  it * does * create a strong incentive for parties to resolve the conflict . 
  i 'm still gon na give bush pretty heavy credit on this one . 
  he gave a lot of speeches that simply [ juxtaposed discussion of the two ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qsu_su_rlv8 ) and gave the impression of responsibility without ever * actually * committing to a direct statement making this claim that could be challenged . 
  well , the last time socialism was established in europe , it required an iron curtain to prevent people from leaving . 
  i 'm fairly-certain that there was n't an objection to having people * enter * . 
   forcing them to stay when they do n't even want to apply for asylum in serbia would be in violation of international law as set by the un . 
  i do n't believe that it would . 
  freedom-of-movement guarantees in the 1951 refugee convention apply only to people who have applied for and received refugee status in a country . 
  serbia certainly has no obligation to do that , though , and i think that it would be extraordinarily-unlikely that serbia would choose to do so , since it has absolutely no reason to do so . 
  if it turns into war , they have legal justification to enter hungary as war refugees . 
  as long as you 're distinguishing between `` evil , deceptive plot '' and `` replace welfare '' , as the former could be a politicized way of saying the latter , and what i assumed that you were trying to say . 
   once migrants are accepted they are going to stay there and nobody is willing to kick the out . 
  this is n't accepting any refugee status . 
  hungary and serbia seem to be doing pretty well on kicking them out right now . 
   and nobody is willing to kick the out . 
  that 's why you have all members commit in advance to a drop-dead agreement , to avoid the political difficulty later of having to make the decision . 
   any temporary accommodation should be provided as centralized refugee camps . 
  no dispute . 
  he was speaking quietly on a cell phone , but beyond scattered phrases , no , i had n't heard someone at length ( or if i had , it would have been in a subtitled movie , where i was ignoring everything but the tone of the speech ) . 
  well , in my hypothetical scenario , the us might not be in an economic state to start a conflict with the soviet bloc . 
   furthermore i doubt things will be pleasant ( socially/psychologically ) for the refugees in those places , do you really want to subject them to that ? 
  are they going to be liked by the bulk of the population if all of them get dumped into sweden and germany ? 
  i bet not . 
   but in a snub to ankara , the eu presidency said turkey would not be classified as `` safe '' for now due to its current military action against kurdish militants . 
  that seems like it 's being pretty generous to turkey , not insulting , since declaring turkey as safe would legally-justify booting the refugees back to turkey . 
   in the us it seems to be priced much lower compared to other food . 
  it 's prepared food . 
  it 's certainly cheaper to eat , say , pasta/rice/beans / whatever other staples you 've prepared yourself than it is to eat mcdonalds . 
  it 's inexpensive as prepared food goes . 
  certainly not fancy . 
  the first time i heard german spoken normally ( i.e. 
  not a world war ii movie with someone yelling it ) , i asked the guy why he was speaking french , as i knew that he was german . 
  he blinked at me and said that he was speaking german . 
   hypothetically speaking , it could still end up being cheaper to not get eu funds versus welfare benefits for the thousands of refugees that would enter each respective country . 
  if your goal is to provide a `` you get a choice between paying or accepting refugees '' model , it would be more-efficient to do a `` countries contribute to a common pool , asylum slots are auctioned '' deal . 
  that means that regardless of what happens , a solution is found , and the country most-willing to deal with them is the country that winds up doing so . 
  i do n't think that this is going to be resolved this week , and conditions are going to get very bad if nothing is done . 
  also , countries playing hardball with each other in public is politically-damaging to the eu 's integrity . 
  perhaps what 's needed is an interim solution that has the following properties : * no country commits to anything long-term . 
  i think that there 's a real ( legitimate ) concern that if refugees are taken , it wo n't be possible to get rid of them or the costs will be enormous in the long run , and that concerns here are going to cause deadlock over anyone committing . 
  * the refugees are out of the weather , have food , and have water . 
  * the refugees wo n't attempt to break out and go somewhere else . 
  * wo n't create a precedent that will lead to an even larger influx . 
  say instead the goal is to ask countries to provide six months of accommodation , with a guarantee that at the end of that time , there is no legal commitment on behalf of the nation in question . 
  have a drop-dead clause that says that if no agreement can be reached by that time , the eu will agree to deport to the most-likely source country and member countries agree to not penalize other member countries for doing so . 
  if need be , provide funding from a common pool . 
  freedom of movement/labor might not be granted if that 's a problem ; that could , worst case , be made kinda-sorta compatible with the 1951 refugee convention by taking six months to process all cases : it 's only the * finding * of refugee status that actually grants those rights , not someone being processed , and the convention sets no limits on the evaluation process . 
  that would hopefully be politically-acceptable , avoid ping-ponging refugees around europe , and provides time to come up with a real solution . 
  it might be military ( send forces into syria , set up government ) , a redistribution solution ( everyone agrees to quotas or to australia-style approach or just deporting people out of the eu or whatever ) , or whatnot , but it eliminates the time constraints on the current problem . 
  six months should be long enough to cover winter and long enough that a second interim solution should n't be needed . 
  no matter how anti-immmigration you are , it seems pretty safe to say that serbian troops trying to shove immigrants at the hungary-serbia border into hungary and hungarian troops trying to shove immigrants at the border into syria just is n't going to get anywhere . 
  hmm . 
  is there a very high rate of people claiming no personal income with off-the-record income ? 
  no , because the means of production are still privately-owned and operated , which is capitalist . 
  there 's simply taxation of industry . 
  eliminating existing welfare systems and replacing them with a budget-neutral basic income scheme is a very real approach to implementing basic income , and it would be the form that i 'd be most-interested in . 
  there 's some discussion [ among right-libertarians in the us about this possibility ] ( https://reason.com/blog/2014/08/04/libertarians-on-basic-income-guarantee ) . 
  the idea is that the government gives everyone a certain amount of money , taxing to cover it . 
  the problem is that the basic idea is so vague that it 's hard to say much about it -- it 's the specific implementation that matters . 
  for example , a small-government type might be enthusiastic about a form that eliminates existing welfare programs where the government makes purchasing decisions -- and which is thus at risk for particular companies influencing government purchasing decisions -- and replacing it with just giving everyone money . 
  a `` more redistribution of wealth '' type might want to structure it with larger payments and heavier taxation such that the well-to-do are taxed more heavily than is currently the case , and so it increases the total amount of wealth being redistributed across society . 
  maybe a system where someone who chooses not to work could have a higher standard of living than is presently the case , for example , without having to exploit loopholes . 
  if i were to support it , i 'd be more-interested in the small-government implementation that eliminates bad incentives in government . 
  i 'm not convinced that either form is better than the status quo , but i 'm also not yet sold that it would be worse . 
  i am darn certain that i do not want to implement it in my country because i 'd consider it to be high risk , but i think that it 'd be interesting to see someone else implement it and see what happens , kinda like what happened with socialist economies . 
  until there 's empirical data on someone running it , it 's all theorizing . 
  let 's say that the us economically-collapsed at the end of the cold war and that canada decided to join the soviet bloc . 
  i mean , i still do n't think that it 'd be * war * , but probably would n't be terribly friendly . 
  i was n't trying to start a willy-waving affair . 
  i 'm just saying that i do n't think that the comments about healthcare are intended to berate . 
  hmm . 
  i would think that people would tend to find new niches for labor . 
  certainly , there have been many [ false predictions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/luddite ) before [ about the effects of automation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/karl_marx ) . 
  however , that does n't mean that it * must * always be wrong -- just that we have a tendency to over-predict it . 
  i personally think that we 've got a long time left , though ultimately , human-level ai seems likely to be technically-viable and will cause very real issues -- if a computer can do most things better than a human ... < shrug  . 
  automation certainly can and has decreased the standard of living for particular individuals whose trades were eliminated by automation , so a rising tide need not lift * all * boats -- just because society as a whole is better off does n't mean that each individual is . 
  well , global warming will increase the mosture-carrying-capacity of the air and [ may produce more rainfall in the sahara ] ( http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2011/08/26/climate-change-is-making-deserts-greener.html ) . 
  that would tend to open up some new land . 
  obviously , it 's not as if people can just move freely from any country to any country within africa , but still , more usable land in africa would n't hurt . 
  it looks like estonia has [ modest per-capita electrical consumption ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_electricity_consumption ) . 
  finland averages 1747 watts/person . 
  estonia averages 658 watts/person , on par with ireland . 
  lithuana ( 396 ) and latvia ( 350 ) use substantially-less , though . 
  i 'm pretty sure that europe does n't care that much about us healthcare . 
  europe just would like a response to the fact that people in the us constantly hold up the moon missions ( semi-tongue-in-cheek , yes , but ... ) and things like that , and healthcare makes for a straightforward counter-achievement . 
  all right , thanks . 
   it 's relatively easy to convince already nationalistic people that the other side `` pushed us to do it '' .
