  increasing productivity * can * cause wages to increase . 
  if i double someone 's productivity and keep them doing the same thing , i halve labor costs to produce what they 're making , all else held equal . 
  given sufficient [ price elasticity of demand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/price_elasticity_of_demand ) , there may be more people who want the good that i produce , so on the net , demand for my field of labor * might * increase . 
  for example , maybe there is * triple * the demand at the new , lower labor cost . 
  that will cause upward pressure on my wages . 
   everyone in the west would be better off , in terms of real wages , if immigration , as well as outsourcing , was curbed . 
  not necessarily , because immigration also increases demand for existing labor . 
  it 's a reasonable bet that immigration of unskilled labor will put downwards pressure on wages for unskilled labor . 
  however , it likely puts upwards pressure on wages for skilled labor . 
  additionally , placing limits on trade ( as preventing outsourcing would do ) means that you 've a less-efficient market , and that tends to decrease the overall wealth of the society ; it means that people are getting a share of a pie that is smaller overall . 
  i 'm kind of with / u/polymute here . 
  what on earth does anarcho-capitalism have to do with the immigration debate ? 
  i know that a borderless society is one element of some forms of anarcho-capitalism , and thus they might be seen as pro-immigration . 
  you mean that ? 
  and from a broader standpoint , why would it even matter whether someone is an anacap or not re : the value of their post ? 
  eh , regardless of frequency , i think that the point that * ad hominem * arguments on either side are n't interesting is valid . 
  / u/neutrolgreek is a regular of / r/europe as well : in fact , he 's one of the only usernames that i recognize here as being a regular here . 
  i do n't really care whether he reads / r/european , and i think that discounting what he says because of that is problematic . 
  what ticks me off is that i 've seen maybe twenty comments out of hundreds of comments that actually deal with : * immigration * thoughts for or against i 'm happy to debate immigration . 
  i 'm even happy to debate racial concerns . 
  but that 's not actually what has been showing up so far . 
  the overwhelming majority consist of complaints about the format or the mods , and normally on grounds that i do n't find very interesting . 
  if someone is willing to say `` i do n't want black african people living in the uk , because i 'm worried about an increased level of rape happening '' , fine by me . 
  i can go dig up crime statistics on race , crime statistics on immigrants , on multi-generation immigrants , and that 's something that can at least be argued . 
  people may not , on the net , * agree * with you , but at least it 's something that i 'd care about , and i 'd be willing to talk about it . 
  we had almost exactly that discussion earlier on rape frequency in finland on a thread on / r/europe , in fact . 
  but if it consists of an endless `` the moderators suck '' , then i just do n't * care * about it . 
  thus far , i 've seen one short thread on `` cultural marxism '' ( which commenters simply took to pm , and i did n't see any mods becoming involved with , and is still up ) . 
  that was probably the extent of people trying to explain concerns and positions , and it was n't terribly deep . 
  the rest of it has been a handful of news stories ( which have been posted in the megathread ) and a lot of complaining about the mods . 
  one person complained to me privately that they were banned from the sub , but the examples they pmed me had them sending insults to the mods repeatedly immediately prior to that ban ; i was n't all that sympathetic . 
  let 's say that the megathread format goes away , and individual threads show up . 
  do we just wind up with the same stuff , but now spread across many threads ? 
  that does n't seem all that compelling to me -- we do n't even have enough real content/discussion that i 've seen to fill * one * thread . 
  get some interesting content up here , and there 'd be , i think , a stronger argument for needing to spread it out further . 
  that has n't , thus far , happened . 
  on the up side , the mass-downvoting of the / r/europe mods seems to have decreased , and my comments do n't seem to be getting downvoted if they 're pro-immigration ( so kudos to the anti-immigration folks ) . 
  there 's still some downvoting of the anti-immigration folks , but it does n't seem to me to be content-agnostic , at least . 
  and i 'd point out that * most * people have been pretty civil . 
  i apologize -- you are correct . 
  you had a similar username to / u/arudas . 
  i have been involved in discussion , including with you . 
  honestly , i 'm not all that interested in the debate over whether people are happy about the mods . 
  my view is that the mods are doing a pretty reasonable job ; i enjoy dropping by / r/europe , and i do n't think that the mods are the primary people who do n't like your position . 
  i 'm also pretty sure that if the only thing that happens is a long and ongoing meta-argument over whether people from / r/european like the / r/europe mods , the majority of the / r/europe userbase is n't going to be very interested ; there 's little concern about the mods on the subreddit . 
  even i 'm getting pretty tired of reading through the material about whether the mods are doing a good job -- it seems like it 's dragging out minor points to agonizing detail . 
  if there was substantial new information , that might be one thing , but it seems like most of the complaints are n't new and do n't generate a lot of concern from the userbase here . 
  right now , there are very few people actually taking a `` this is why we should n't have immigration '' or `` this is why we should restrict '' immigration position , which i think * would * be interesting . 
  instead , it 's overwhelmingly inter-sub drama that is n't all that exciting to most users . 
  what would the point be ? 
  if you want to try russia , find any court that claims [ universal jurisdiction ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/universal_jurisdiction ) and try russia there . 
  it wo n't * do * anything , because russia wo n't recognize its authority , but you can do this . 
  if you kick russia out of the security council and * then * try russia , you 're just doing the same thing -- creating a pointless ruling , because russia is n't going to care about the ruling . 
  the security council has teeth only insofar as the major world powers are invested in it having teeth . 
  similar incidents : * [ kal-007 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_air_lines_flight_007 ) did n't have a soviet apology , but it was also ( inadvertently ) violating soviet airspace , and the ussr did express regret . 
  * [ iran air 655 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iran_air_flight_655 ) did n't get a us apology or admission of liability , but the us did pay out money to the family of the victims and expressed regret . 
  however , in both cases , the fudging was on intent and legal blame . 
  i can understand and kind of expect that with mh-17 . 
  however , with mh-17 , the position that it was n't separatists using russian hardware has gotten to be just ridiculous . 
  the us looked pretty silly when [ gary powers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/francis_gary_powers ) got shot down and the us kept trying to claim that it was n't a recon mission over the ussr : after the ussr publicly outed the us with evidence , the us accepted responsibility . 
  the mh-17 position is , at this point , like trying to claim that powers was just a confused meterologist even after being outed . 
  i do n't see what it possibly buys russia . 
  i think that for most people , a from-first-principles argument is more-interesting than the current law ( though certainly law * is * relevant ) . 
  so , i do n't want to put words in anyone 's mouth , but here is my guess , extrapolating from what i 've seen in the past , as to why anti-immigration people would be upset about illegal immigration from poor states in africa : * there 's a concern about competing religions . 
  i think that in many societies , people are concerned about the idea of the society 's norms shifting due to outsiders coming in . 
  * there 's a concern about crime . 
  it 's true that if you have poor , desperate people outside the system , that there might be a risk of crime , perhaps violent crime . 
  that being said , in the united states , illegal immigrants actually exhibit a [ substantially lower-than-normal ] ( http://openborders.info/hispanic-crime-and-illegal-immigration-in-the-united-states/ ) crime rate ; this was somewhat surprising to me , especially given that i 'd seen a number of people concerned about the risk of burglary or robbery . 
  * there 's a concern about competition for limited welfare spending . 
  whether you 're on the welfare system or are simply worried about the consequences of it being exhausted or the consequences of having to pay more into it yourself , that 's a realistic worry . 
  and i think that there * is * something to this -- the understanding i have is that non-eu immigration is a net negative to eu countries when it comes to welfare spending . 
  * there 's a concern about competition for unskilled labor slots . 
  this also seems real -- technological and social changes have tended to squeeze unskilled labor , and the idea of a great number of people coming in in who are willing to work for very little is terribly-alarming . 
  i should also note that in the united states , this was a major issue driving opposition to abolition even in the north -- the idea that it would unload a massive amount of competition for job slots into the labor market . 
  * there are concerns about racial issues -- that is , africa is poor , and a number of other areas and groups peopled by black africans are also poor and/or have problems . 
  if many people immigrated from africa , would this also bring problems with it to european countries ? 
  i get the feeling that i do n't have much insight into how much of a concern this actually is , because discussion here is a social taboo -- however , obviously some of the people who are upset about immigration do also have racial concerns . 
  i 've seen people have pointed out that some of africa 's issues are due to colonialism , and that controlling for that is important ; some people like jared diamond would talk about lack of megafauna , soil quality in africa , or some other issues . 
  certainly egypt or zimbabwe had substantial civilization achievements in long-past times ; on the other hand , africa also has n't been very competitive in modern times , even pre-dating the colonial era . 
  i think that there 's a tendency to over-weight issues here , but on the other hand , i also think that it 's pretty tough to just discount this as a concern . 
  it 's also very sensitive to talk about -- after all , if we all came to consensus that race was an important input into , say , inventing new things , how is this to be addressed ? 
  there are political reasons both on the political left and right that treat humans as things that can be treated as interchangeable via race , and this would conflict with a number of important policies that have been adopted . 
  on the left , this might be the view that hiring quotas are justified because a disparity in demographics here is necessarily due to bias and non-meritocratic . 
  on the right , this might be that a lack of equality-of-outcome in society is the fault of the individual 's decisions , and thus society need take no responsibility on egalitarian grounds to `` flatten out '' society . 
  i think that there are good arguments that could be developed here in favor of immigration . 
  some of the concerns here seem to be obsolete . 
  before we developed an understanding of dna , people tended to think that intermarriage between races simply `` blended '' characteristics -- a four-foot person marrying a six-foot person would tend to produce a five foot person . 
  if so , it would be very difficult for a sole positive mutation to ever propagate , and it was one of the major objections to darwin 's ideas . 
  this understanding was what drove the creation of anti-miscegenation laws , since if it were correct , any intermarriage with some race that had less-than-desirable characteristics would tend to permanently `` taint '' one 's offspring , to lose some of those positive characteristics forever . 
  a greater understanding of genetics helped eliminate the concerns here -- sure , it might take a while for evolutionary pressure to do so , but any positive characteristic that gets inserted into the gene pool will tend to dominate in the long run . 
  in fact , expanding the pool tends to provide access to a larger pool of positive genetic characteristics : for example , there are independent mutations providing malaria resistance in india and africa , and there are hiv resistant genes . 
  a larger genetic pool just means a larger genetic pool for nature to find and pick positive traits from : east asians have a better ability to sink heat due to a higher sweat gland density , caucasians enjoy adult lactose tolerance , africans enjoy malaria resistance . 
  mix them together , and in the long run , you tend to wind up with the good stuff . 
  * there are concerns about the fact that illegal immigration is favoring people who `` break the rules '' . 
  honestly , i 've not seen this raised much , but it certainly is something that rubs me the wrong way . 
  if someone follows the immigration rules , they tend to be somewhat screwed as to a chance to immigrate ; if someone breaks the rules , they are rewarded for it . 
  that seems unjust , somehow . 
  if the goal is to permit immigration , i 'd rather see that immigration done legally than illegally . 
  on the * other * hand , politically , raising immigration levels may be very difficult , so objecting to the illegal nature might also be a way of simply deflecting arguments about immigration . 
  that seems like the sort of thing that would be more-interesting to discuss : these are concrete benefits or costs , not just things that are a minor quirk of the particular policy being adopted , and something that you could find many people agreeing on the benefits or costs of .
