   the lack of a strong and comprehensive education system is the reason why we have people that are out of touch with society : unassimilated immigrants , conspiracy-loving youths , incapable neets , etc concretely , what changes do you want to make ? 
  because a perfect education system is something of a * deus ex machina * : sure , if your education system could solve < arbitrary social issue  or < arbitrary skill deficiency  or whatever , the problem would go away . 
  but in a lot of cases , it 's not immediately obvious how to achieve that . 
  for example , if we * could * train everyone to a high degree , we probably would ... and that clearly does n't happen . 
   oh god please no . 
  that would be a serious contender for `` makabry\u0142y '' award ( for worst urban architecture mistake ) . 
  why do people thing a shipping container is a good model for a museum ? 
  hmm . 
  the caption :  the museum makes use of tactile materiality the firm described as `` simple and honest . '' this is said to be inspired by abstract works of art . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modernism#minimalism  minimalism describes movements in various forms of art and design , especially visual art and music , wherein artists intend to expose the essence or identity of a subject through eliminating all nonessential forms , features , or concepts . 
  minimalism is any design or style wherein the simplest and fewest elements are used to create the maximum effect . 
  speaking of ancient empires , i do n't have time to look it up at the moment , but i seem to vaguely recall that the mongols did n't precisely-originate from mongolia -- further east , iirc . 
   they want to go to europe , not the us . 
  the us is also wealthy and english-speaking : illegal immigration to europe is just a lot more-viable . 
   europe never offered to help the us with their migrants from latin america , why should the us help europe with their crisis ? 
  well , because he 's asking europe to take them in . 
  do n't get me wrong -- i personally would not advocate for the us to take in a great number of syrians , eritreans , nigerians , iraqis , and libyans : i do n't think that it 's in us interests . 
  yes , but some ( not the editorial board pieces ) of the articles critical of european policy were also by european pro-immigration advocates -- that 's not unique to the us article . 
  in economic policy , there has not been a substantial difference , certainly not on par with the kinds of differences that historically have been advocated for by parties . 
  before just taking president roosevelt 's words and applying them to add the weight of authority to an anti-multi-cultural -- which i understand is a hot topic in europe -- and pro-immigration approach , it might be worth considering that he had a complicated view that may or may very well not mesh well with the views of people who agree with op 's quote . 
  [ his wikipedia article includes that quote , as well as some others ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/theodore_roosevelt#positions_on_immigration.2c_minorities.2c_civil_rights.2c_and_eugenics ) : meritocracy :  it is unwise to depart from the old american tradition and discriminate for or against any man who desires to come here and become a citizen , save on the ground of that man 's fitness for citizenship ... we can not afford to consider whether he is catholic or protestant , jew or gentile ; whether he is englishman or irishman , frenchman or german , japanese , italian , or scandinavian or magyar . 
  what we should desire to find out is the individual quality of the individual man . . on indians ( in this context he means native americans , not people from southern asia ) :  i do n't go so far as to think that the only good indians are dead indians , but i believe nine out of ten are , and i should n't like to inquire too closely into the case of the tenth . 
  the most vicious cowboy has more moral principle than the average indian . 
  turn three hundred low families of new york into new jersey , support them for fifty years in vicious idleness , and you will have some idea of what the indians are . 
  reckless , revengeful , fiendishly cruel , they rob and murder , not the cowboys , who can take care of themselves , but the defenseless , lone settlers on the plains . 
  [ 179 ] on blacks :  i have not been able to think out any solution of the terrible problem offered by the presence of the negro on this continent , but of one thing i am sure , and that is that inasmuch as he is here and can neither be killed nor driven away , the only wise and honorable and christian thing to do is to treat each black man and each white man strictly on his merits as a man , giving him no more and no less than he shows himself worthy to have . 
  [ 180 ] and  contrasting the european conquest of north america with that of australia , roosevelt wrote : `` the natives [ of australia ] were so few in number and of such a low type , that they practically offered no resistance at all , being but little more hindrance than an equal number of ferocious beasts '' ; [ 182 ] however , the native americans were `` the most formidable savage foes ever faced ever encountered by colonists of european stock '' . 
  [ 183 ] he regarded slavery as `` a crime whose shortsighted folly was worse than its guilt '' because it `` brought hordes of african slaves , whose descendants now form immense populations in certain portions of the land '' . 
  [ 184 ] contrasting the european conquest of north america with that of south africa , roosevelt felt that the fate of the latter 's colonists would be different because , unlike the native american , the african `` neither dies out nor recedes before their advance '' , meaning the colonists would likely `` be swallowed up in the overwhelming mass of black barbarism '' . 
  [ 185 ] on eugenics :  roosevelt was intensely active in warning against race suicide , and held a neo-lamarkist viewpoint . 
  [ 186 ] when roosevelt used the word ` race ' , he meant the entirety of the human race or americans as one race and culture . 
  americans , he repeatedly said , were getting too soft and having too few children and were thus dying out . 
  kinda easy to take a paragraph and apply it to current political disputes and lose a bit of context . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/spanish_language_in_the_united_states gosh , europe . 
  stop being so monolingual . 
  why , in the us , we embrace multiple languages . 
   we do not have party discipline , at all . 
  it is possible for a democratic senator who ( for instance ) supports israel to say go against the administration , his fellow congressmen , and the opinions of his constituents . 
  yeah , but europe ( tends to ? 
  always ? ), 
  have parliamentary structure with coalition governments , so you do n't * have * to join one of two parties to have an impact in europe . 
  if you did something like , say , from from fptp to popular vote and adopt a parliamentary system , i 'd strongly suspect to see an increase in the number of political parties in the us and a great increase in party discipline . 
  no , he 's right . 
  there 's little difference between the d and the r economic plans : a change in control does n't really create any major changes in the economy . 
  if you go back a hundred years , there were political parties that advocated dramatically-different forms of economic policy . 
   during the civil war the confederate states of america adopted the us constitution . 
  well , adopted the bulk of the thing with an explicit guarantee of slavery added . 
  i believe that people on both sides tried claiming the mantle of being the most-associated with the american revolution ( the south had people reference things like the constitution 's prohibition on usurping state rights , and the north things like the declaration of independence 's tidbit about all men created equal ) . 
  i 'll grant the first ( the second is n't really calling for more immigration ) but there 's been a lot more material on europe than the us , and it 's been far-more acidic . 
  the point that a number of people , including myself , have made is that the us accepting a syrian migrant is equally as good , in terms of dealing with any issue that a european country does by accepting a migrant . 
  if the * new york times * ' concerns are as-stated , it should be as interested in encouraging immigration from syria to the us as it is immigration from syria to europe . 
  the fact that it 's a us paper and could reasonably be expected to address us issues puts this into even starker highlight . 
  however , while the * new york times * has expended a great deal of ink criticizing european countries for not taking more , it has not done the same for the united states . 
  given that it 's a us paper , it seems like a rather flagrant omission . 
  oooh , that 's kind of a neat idea -- that if you have access to traffic , you can use cookies as a somewhat-reliable identifier even if the cookies are n't being used to the site in question . 
  does n't permit for caps either , but we ignore that bit . 
   american demagogue oliver has n't gotten his american citizenship yet , so he 's technically a european demagogue residing in the us . 
  i 'm assuming that oliver has n't advocated for the united states to take them in . 
   besides that , the fp\u00d6 is against artificial insemination and therefore a fp\u00d6 government would lower the birth rate . 
  is ivf a significant factor ? 
  taking a quick glance , it looks like the us [ has about 3.9 m births per year ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/births.htm ) , and in 2011 , there were 61,740 births resulting from ivf . 
  that 's 1.5 % of the births , and i 'd furthermore assume that some of those would have also happened without ivf . 
  i mean , it 's clearly dominated by changes from a few decades back when family sizes were larger , at any rate . 
   i think what we need now more than ever is unity . 
  a clear sound mind , open discussion , empathy on every side . 
  and we should leave the words `` nazi '' and `` gutmensch '' completely out of it . 
  we need solutions , a definite plan . 
  we owe that to the refugees and to the austrian people , no more fucking around . 
  if the people would see that the current government is able to face this crisis they might change their opinion about voting for the fp\u00d6 . 
  sounds like a pleasant policy in general as regards * ad hominem * attacks , regardless of the party or political issue at question . 
  well , if fpo membership doubled , and assuming that the people who switched feel differently on lgbt matters , i assume that it 's also going to affect the party -- just as it gains power due to immigration issues , so the party will be drawn towards the center on other issues . 
  hmm . 
  do parties generally self-define as `` far left '' or `` far right '' ? 
  it seems slightly pejorative , so i 'd think that they 'd probably use a different term . 
   the paper said it had information that bosch had told volkswagen the planned use of the software to manipulate emissions results would be against the law . 
  hmm . 
  i 'm wondering if the ability to prove intent of wrongdoing has any legal significance as regards regulation in germany . 
  in at least some cases in the us , that can be quite expensive ( e.g. 
  in criminal cases , intent may be an element of the crime , and in copyright infringement cases , intent permits recovering triple normal damages ) . 
   eu officials think turkey is not doing enough to crack down on the profitable business of smuggling people across the aegean to greece . 
  even if turkey * wanted * to do this , i think that their ability to do anything is going to be pretty limited . 
  the us has human-smuggling operations that are [ a lot more-sophisticated than this ] ( http://www.cbp.gov/frontline/2014/07/what-lies-beneath ) , and if you create a big financial incentive , which is what germany and sweden and friends have done , many enterprising people are going to figure out a way around it . 
  and , frankly , i 'm really not all that sympathetic to europe on this one . 
  in the us , the issue is one of people moving in to work illegally or smuggling drugs -- neither can simply be eliminated by creating a law , as both are already illegal . 
  in europe , the problem was a legal one -- that countries said that they 'd accept refugees , but only those who effectively had to illegally-immigrate . 
  that 's much easier to fix . 
  if the only way to address the problem was to try to bludgeon or coax turkey to crack down , that 'd be one thing , but i still think that it 'd be * vastly * more effective and less costly to eliminate the `` pull '' factor by simply saying ( a ) there 's going to be some ( potentially-not-yet-defined ) cap on refugees , ( b ) to accept applications in refugee camps as well as domestically and ( c ) to establish that no preference will be given domestic applications over applications from refugee camps . 
  it makes no sense to push turkey where it 's almost-certain that any form of success will be limited , when the real issue is one of incentives , and when it 's possible to cheaply eliminate those incentives . 
  ehhh ... david duke did n't really have widespread national appeal . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if you move too far away from someone 's political ideals , they start to get antsy about it , regardless of how . 
  move far enough away from the political center of mass in society , and society does n't like you as much . 
   german president joachim gauck has said the country has a finite capacity to take in refugees . 
  well , that 's a pretty safe statement to make . 
  i 'm pretty sure that nobody thought that it was infinite . 
   promises of better behavior are clearly not enough , as the seemingly endless number of scandals in the financial industry has shown . 
  as soon as regulators had dealt with one case of market manipulation , another emerged . 
  i do n't really think that the financial industry is a phenomenal model for the car industry . 
  i 'd think that the car industry is large enough to know already whether or not there have been significant problems in the past . 
  i 'm not really enthralled with the idea of administrations trying to have popular speech conform to whatever they think is useful to them . 
  natural language processing ?
