  [ snip ]  as the graphic shows , compared with the lebanese population as a whole , hizbullah members were less likely to come from poor families and were significantly more likely to have completed secondary education . 
    a similar pattern holds for palestinian suicide bombers . 
  though the data are less extensive , the authors found a positive link between taking part in `` terrorism '' and educational attainment . 
  the author is gung-ho on the idea of an anglosphere union as preferable to european union membership . 
  i get the vague impression that some of the folks in the uk see eu membership as being likely to force leftwards political movement ( given the discussion of trade and liberalism ) . 
  i 'm not saying that i 'm * opposed * -- certainly it 's an interesting idea , for a number of reasons , but i think that he should keep in mind : * the us is presently the biggest beast in the anglosphere , and probably the most-diverged from the uk . 
  canada alone is already half of the uk 's population . 
  if the anglo union were established as a * replacement * for the eu , this would n't be the british empire . 
  just as germany and france and italy have their own wants , desires , and concerns that sometimes conflict with the uk 's , so again would members in the anglosphere . 
  * such a union of far-apart landmasses would rely on maintaining naval dominance , else another country could split it . 
  that 's a substantial long-term commitment . 
  only the us and the uk have any form of such a commitment today ( and in the uk 's case , surrendering distant territories would be , however unpleasant , at least not a threat to anything but overseas territories ) . 
  * do * other * members want to establish such a beast ? 
  because if you 're leaving the eu with the intention of establishing an asu , you ca n't simply count on that . 
  i 've seen some polls that canada and australia would be happy with freedom of movement with the uk . 
  but that 's rather different from an asu . 
  the us has also historically rather-valued having an ocean on each side , like the uk 's english channel , but on a greater scale . 
  many of the anglosphere members went to quite a bit of effort to establish their current level of independence . 
  true , that was within the context of an empire , but they 'd have to look very closely at doing something that at least looks superficially like simply handing over something that they fought over ( in the case of some members , literally ) . 
  in * particular * , ireland , which the author lists here , seems likely to be a tough sell . 
  * just as part of the rationale for the eu was in establishing barriers to conflict between european members , so drawing a line might lead to future conflict . 
  maybe not today or tomorrow -- the us and europe are pretty friendly these days -- but who knows what happens a hundred and fifty years down the line ? 
  * if the uk is concerned about immigration now , if it establishes a union with free movement with a wide variety of countries around the world , it 's not clear that it would be avoiding an issue that bothers it . 
  australia has its own issues , and i suspect new zealand as well . 
  * it is true that the uk and the other eu members often differ on some political grounds , though perhaps not drastically . 
  i 'd say that the uk is more fiscally-liberal ( in the uk sense of the word ) . 
  but remember that the uk and other anglosphere members have their * own * political differences . 
  * if the uk entered in some sort of union with the us , it would be [ poorer than any us state ] ( http://www.forbes.com/sites/timworstall/2014/08/25/britain-is-poorer-than-any-us-state-yes-even-mississippi/ ) . 
  would it , in turn , be prepared for the potential impact -- population outflow , for example -- that have been associated with other countries joining the european union , if freedom of movement and labor were an element of the union ? 
  it 's hard to write much of a critique without knowing what kind of union the author is talking about . 
  it seems to go well beyond trade , since he 's talking about similar legal and political structures . 
  but trade with these can already be negotiated without leaving the eu . 
  military coordination already exists to some degree with at least the us and canada under nato . 
  intelligence coordination [ exists ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/five_eyes ) . 
  i 'd like to see a proposal for what * type * of union he would like to see -- only then is it really possible to try to weigh its viability and benefits against uk eu membership . 
  i do agree that there are , in some important ways , things that make sense . 
  only france really has the same overseas military concerns that the uk does . 
  it would certainly get the uk access around the world that it had in the past . 
  over all the time since the anglosphere countries split apart , they 've not really had much by way of fundamental political incompatibility ( at one time , the us and democracy versus monarchy ) , and that seems unlikely to change . 
  but it 's not really a no-brainer that can be examined casually as an alternative to eu membership in a single paragraph . 
   it is so important to the party that it has it in its goddamn name . 
  are all voters for the cdu/csu voting for them because they want to promote christianity ? 
  maybe they promote other political positions that those people like ? 
  i do n't think that germany has done an amazing job , but it 's not as if the errors they made were without basis or totally-ridiculous . 
  if next week , merkel said `` okay , we 're not going to give preference to any applications made domestically and we are going to be accepting applications at < major refugee camps  and there 's some as-of-yet undecided cap '' , i think that most of the problem would already be gone . 
  then there 's a real issue of placing people who * are * accepted , but if each country decides independently how many to accept , i think that everyone would be reasonably-comfortable . 
  i mean , i do n't look at this and think `` the current situation can never , ever change , and a union of european states is a bad idea for fundamental reasons '' . 
   i do n't see anything like smooth sailing for europe in the next year or two . 
    which is what makes me believe that the uk really is going to leave . 
  not saying that you 're wrong , but that does n't seem like a great argument for leaving : kinda short-term focused . 
  there have been a number of articles in the `` migrants are disappointed '' vein . 
  i do n't think that this is likely to be very representative of what the bulk of migrants actually think . 
  [ in 2008 , only 1.10 % of ethiopians were overweight or obese ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2228rank.html ) . 
  i 'd call that passing , but then i 'm not sure how many countries want to be like ethiopia ... so maybe europe is `` passing '' . 
  not a blanket objection , but i 'd not be surprised if ( a ) the government is opposed ( not , as i understand it , the case in yemen ) and ( b ) the government wound up upset !, 
  marxists.com is a trotskyist website run by the [ international marxist tendency ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_marxist_tendency ) . 
  wsws.org , also trotskyist , has been getting some [ submissions too ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3mc3ne/eu_summit_reinforces_fortress_europe/ ) . 
  looks like trotskyism still gets some funding these days . 
  yes , i suppose so . 
  certainly the migrants in question had no way of knowing how many people would come either . 
  eh , that seems kinda more-focused than disliking british people in general -- i mean , as far as that thing goes , it could just be frustrating over british policy on making it difficult to move into the uk . 
   zoe quinn helped kick start gamergate . 
  oh , yeah , that name does ring a bell now . 
  i do n't know either of those names . 
  could you expand ? 
   well -- where 's the evidence ? 
  eh , `` murder '' really is n't the right term here . 
  `` killed '' . 
  it would n't meet the definition of `` murder '' in any country that i know of -- was n't done with premeditation or malice . 
  they just screwed up and hit a a target that they thought was military and turned out to be a bunch of civilians . 
  would n't be the first country to have done so . 
   / u/sarmatae hates the british with a passion so would n't take too much notice of what he says . 
  i thought that he just hated us in the us and maybe eu as a whole -- he does n't like brits either ? 
  do you honestly believe that ukraine shot down the airliner , and did so in some sort of attempt to frame russia , and then every person poking at the evidence from the us and europe was unable to see through this plot , but that you were able to do so ? 
   you ca n't prove that russia shot down the plane , and not even your nato buddies can . 
  just out of curiosity , do you actually live in california ? 
   he was a spy . 
  a goddamn spy who turned against russia . 
  that 's not the bit that set the brits off . 
  had russia arrested him on russian soil and executed him , there would n't have been a backlash . 
  it 's that russia decided that it was going to ignore the convention of borders , cross over and kill someone off on british soil . 
  the united states could kill snowden , or putin , or any number of other people that the us administration does n't much like in russia . 
  there 's no realistic way that russian security services could prevent that , same as how there 's no realistic way that us security services could stop a dedicated attempt from russia to assassinate obama . 
  it does n't do that because any annoyance attached to the convention of `` i 'm going to respect the santicity of your soil '' is more than paid off by not starting an international assassination war . 
  `` but i do n't like turncoat agents , and i think that it should be okay to assassinate them . '', 
  all right . 
  countries * could * go negotiate a new agreement , something along the lines of `` it 's not possible to provide sanctuary to a foreign national convicted of spying '' if they wanted . 
  but that 's not the convention that they decided on . 
  so when you 've got a convention in place and one country decides to violate it , the violated tends to get a bit irked at the violator . 
   i do n't see innocent britons being targeted , merely people who are obviously asking for it by involving themselves in clandestine intelligence work . 
  to kill off people on a country 's soil and under their protection violates their sovereignty and tends to piss off countries . 
  britain had the option to judge the `` innocence '' in their eyes of the guy and not extend protection . 
  that was n't the measurement they used . 
  i suppose there 's a question of whether it 's equally-legitimate to imprison people somewhere as it is to keep them out . 
  you are presently not legally permitted to handcuff someone in your house and keep them from leaving . 
  however , you are permitted to lock your front door and keep random people from wandering in . 
  should the two be treated as equivalent , and a prohibition of the former be treated as a restriction on the latter as well ? 
  if you feel that those two are different , and banning handcuffing is not equivalent to banning front door locks , why should the approaches be considered equivalent at the national level ? 
   under u.s. law -- the law that , not coincidentally , governs most of the world 's largest online platforms -- intermediaries such as twitter and facebook generally ca n't be held responsible for what people do on them . 
  but the united nations proposes both that social networks proactively police every profile and post , and that government agencies only `` license '' those who agree to do so .
