  it 's also possible that people want permanent status , but want to retain a similar society . 
  i am somewhat suspicious -- though , again , no hard data from any polls of illegal immigrants to find out -- that the young europe-bound people from africa are not the most-dead-set on sharia environments . 
  they may , in fact , be pretty socially-liberal by the standpoint of people coming from north africa . 
  it might be that papers just highlight cultural clashes because those are the interesting bits , and that it would be misleading to see a large number of people who do n't want to adopt british culture . 
  any culture clash would simply be due to difficulty in picking up that culture . 
  without poll data , it seems hard to identify the real issues and propose much of a solution . 
   eurotunnel is seeking compensation from the british and french governments for disruption caused by illegal migrants . 
  i was about to say `` why , that seems to be a cost of business , and one that their pricing should account for '' , but then i realized that given that they have a natural monopoly , i 'm assuming that the uk and france regulate their pricing . 
  i 'm not very familiar with the chunnel maintenance system , but [ according to this page ] ( http://www.eurotunnelgroup.com/uk/the-channel-tunnel/infrastructure/ ) , it looks like the chunnel folks planned for this sort of thing :  two undersea crossovers bring flexibility of operation as trains can pass from one tunnel to the other during night maintenance periods to isolate a section of tunnel . 
  i think that it 's bad for a society to effectively cut off its intelligentsia from weighing in on the subject . 
  so instead of `` this is what i think , this is why i think it , here 's my evidence , and here 's why i disagree with you '' , you wind up with two camps trying to blacklist the other for even referencing a topic that they disagree with . 
  my belief -- and i do n't have hard data right now to support that position , nor am i yet sure what would be convincing -- is that discussion tends to be more-productive for both sides than blacklisting . 
  would n't it be possible to just put motion sensors in the tunnel and auto-shut-down the train system , and post signs to this effect ? 
  if you * know * that you 're not going to make it through the chunnel , that kills the incentive to try to break into it . 
  besides , if there 's someone unauthorized in the chunnel , you probably do n't want to have the trains running * anyway * , just for safety reasons . 
  motion detectors are n't very expensive . 
  [ you 've got clay west of my current location ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pitcairn_islands ) , redcoat !, 
   vladimir putin : i have not finished my sentence ... and their closest ally in europe , the united kingdom , was bidding to host it in 2018 . 
  and the way the fight against corruption is playing out causes me to wonder whether this is a continuation of the battle for 2018 and 2022 . 
    after all , nobody is against fighting corruption ; everyone is for it . 
  and i feel that we should fight even harder . 
  but there are certain international legal norms stating that if somebody suspects a crime committed by anybody , certain data are collected and given to the prosecutor general 's office in the state of which the suspect is a citizen . 
  but this is not related in any way to the fact that one nation -- big or small -- travels throughout the world , grabs anyone it wants and takes them to their prison . 
  in my view , that is unacceptable . 
  good . 
  i also think that randomly seizing people is probably a bad idea . 
  fortunately , that 's not what requesting extradition involves : it deals with where one person has committed a crime in one country , and another country agrees to extradite this criminal . 
   question : mr president , a fairly important question for you and for the united states of america . 
  do you think these actions , which are now being taken within the fifa framework , are a return to a kind of imperialist policy by the united states ? 
    vladimir putin : a return ? 
  they have been conducting an imperialist policy for a long time ; this is simply reinforcing that state . 
  i have already stated this many times publicly -- and not just me , but political analysts within the united states , who also speak of exactly this , and in these exact words . 
  these american experts in foreign and domestic policy feel that this imperialist bent is detrimental to the us itself . 
  the ever-expanding american empire of non-corrupt soccer deals will soon wash over the world !, 
   as for mr blatter , you know , i would like to end with this , since this was what we started with . 
  we all know the situation that has developed around mr blatter . 
  i would not like to go into detail , though i do not believe a single word about corruption regarding him personally . 
  i guess i 'm just more-cynical than mr. putin is . 
   however , we will seek solution not in confrontation , particularly military confrontation , but in finding compromise and mutually acceptable solutions . 
  i am enthusiastic about the new focus on finding solutions that are mutually-acceptable to ukraine as well as russia , and look forward to this . 
  the center of a ring is n't really part of the ring . 
  hmm . 
  but do chinese immigrants to siberia disagree with the chinese * government * and prefer the russian government , or are they primarily-interested in access to new land ? 
  land is a bounding factor on farming . 
  i suspect that mexican immigration to the us tends to happen because those people are n't very happy with how things in mexico are being run . 
  true , but the thrust of my comment is that the distance that i live from europe is n't a thumbs-down factor for taking part in the discussion ( nor is this normally the criteria for regional forums ) . 
  that still is n't a justification -- if you did n't like * one * of / u/dclauzel 's comments , the answer ca n't be to downvote * all * of his comments in immigration submissions , regardless of their content . 
  heck , even in the case of * that * comment , it would be a question of disagreeing with it . 
  as per reddit etiquette , it should n't be * downvoted * , but rather there should be follow-up comments saying why people disagree with / u/dclauzel . 
  downvotes are useful for people posting stuff that actually detracts from the discussion : let 's say that someone was just flooding a thread with unrelated content or something like that . 
  they are n't intended to be a poll on what the community agrees with . 
  sidebar :  a forum for discussion about europe and its neighbourhood . 
  rather than :  a forum for discussion by people living in europe . 
  the same is true of all the regional subreddits that i 've seen . 
   not because of `` muh freedoms '' there are also a whole lot of issues going on . 
  it 's not just a `` freedom of speech '' or `` european values '' or whatnot at question . 
  a mix of thoughts : * i am more-than-happy to read about and discuss immigration issues , and i think that it 's regrettable that some people see frank and blunt discussion as taboo or unacceptable . 
  * i very much disagree with the effort that some people have taken to ( not necessarily on reddit ) to try to silence anti-immigration positions . 
  on reddit , sometimes this consists of * ad-hominem * `` those people are simply disgusting and i do n't want to hear them '' comments , or people threatening to leave if anti-immigration positions are publicly-discussed . 
  on the * other * hand : * i do n't want to read about * just * immigration issues in europe , and some of the items being voted up ( perhaps via brigading ) are of pretty dubious significance . 
  * i am fairly sure that there is vote brigading happening , and it has recently been dominated by anti-immigration folks in waves . 
  a lot of anti-immigration people are very clearly violating reddit etiquette in downvoting pro-immigration comments . 
  that , to me , is a serious problem . 
  reddit expects people not to use the downvote as a `` disagree '' . 
  you ca n't have one group consistently downvoting comments that they want to suppress and everyone else playing nice . 
  broadly-speaking , / r/europe is pretty good about not using downvotes as a `` disagree '' . 
  however , when it comes to immigration ... / u/dclauzel has been heavily downvoted on almost * every comment * he makes , regardless of the content , in any thread related to immigration , apparently because anti-immigration people see him as pro-immigration . 
  i saw the same thing happen with / u/vilefrog in at least one submission 's comments . 
  that 's abuse of the voting system , and it 's not good . 
  i 've had a few comments that i 'm pretty sure i 've had that have been identified as `` pro-immigration '' and others as `` anti-immigration '' that have been heavily voted up and down via brigading . 
  i do n't like that either . 
  * i am annoyed by what appears to be anti-immigration folks raising what appears to be crafted marketing positions . 
  one good point -- from what i 've seen , i agree that a very large chunk , probably the majority of people claiming persecution and refugee status are actually economic immigrants , and i 've read an autobiography from someone who immigrated to the uk using exactly this loophole some years back . 
  however , to try to drive this point home , there are a lot of people who appear to be anti-immigration advocates saying things like `` i 've noticed that so many refugees are working age men ... how strange that they did n't take their families with them and left their children and wives behind . 
  can anyone help me figure this out ? '', 
  i 've got no problem with the point being raised , because i think it 's a good one , or with discussion of it . 
  i 've got a substantial problem with a lot of people shilling , pretending that they 're just figuring this out and pretending that they do n't really understand what 's going on . 
  otherwise , it 's just drowning out actual discussion with advocacy . 
  basically , if people want to honestly talk about immigration , do n't just want to slag on people , are willing to follow etiquette , and are willing to stand up to the normal standards of / r/europe discussion , i 'd like to see that , because i think that it 's a very important topic for europe ( or any democracy ) . 
  i certainly do n't think that it should be quashed . 
  on the other hand , i want the abuse of the voting system , shilling , and dishonest comments to end . 
  if you truly are opposed to immigration , there 's a reason that you feel that way , so you 've an honest justification for your position . 
  * that * is what i think is interesting , and that is what i 'd like to see discussed . 
  i also think that it 's possible to talk about actual solutions to problems and how viable they are . 
  * i 've * learned a lot from reading discussions : when i went into / r/europe , i did n't know about the italian court cases blocking deportation , for example . 
  nor was i aware of the calais situation , or the fact that concerns about refugees had been placing pressure to re-establish national border controls in europe . 
  so it 's been productive from my standpoint , and i would n't want to lose out on that sort of good discussion . 
  i * liked * the greek megathreads . 
  the mods changed them out regularly so that new events were n't lost , and wrote up a summary with major points on each . 
  i 'm not sure that immigration will work as well , but the greek situation was an area where i liked it , and there were a number of compliments for the mods there . 
   i see it as planting a seed , that would make sense if there were some initial threshold to get over , at which people people would voluntarily start moving to settlements in the wilderness . 
  that 's not [ really the trend that has been happening in the past ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urbanization ) . 
  people tend to leave rural areas for places with economic demand rather than visa versa . 
  this is , case in point , what has been happening in russia 's far east , and what russia would like to counteract . 
  well , [ in 1861 , yes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederate_states_of_america ) ... 
  honestly , i 'd be all for a new name being chosen , rather than trying to grab control of the term `` europe '' , which historically referred to a landmass . 
  just because it happened in the us does n't mean that it 's a good idea in europe ... why have a name that will either be confusing or pressure the eu not to accept members that are n't in geographic europe , or pressure the eu to accept members that are in geographic europe ? 
  and is n't it a bit annoying to countries that are * in * geographic europe ? 
  not as much as that between the wealthiest eu members and the poorest members . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_by_gdp_per_capita the wealthiest state is delaware , at $ 61,183 per capita .
