  would members of each country be happier in such a mega-country , or unhappier ? 
  further ... * it 's become widely-entrenched . 
  it 's the most-widely-used language out there . 
  * the wealthy nations tend to at least understand english , which also makes it more-appealing . 
  * it 's become dominant in important international fields , including diplomacy , technology , and business . 
  that * could * change , but it was hard enough to get people to switch from , say , latin , and that was a dead language . 
  i do n't think that people are going to want to reverse themselves soon . 
  * as regards your esperanto reference : i used to be enthusiastic about the idea of artificial languages , things that would sweep away all the unnecessary complexities of natural language . 
  i see them now as pretty much a non-factor . 
  no artificial language has ever achieved significant traction . 
  there 's no massive body of works to bootstrap it , to make it appealing to users . 
  furthermore , i 've gone through some linguistics lectures , and i 've noticed that , like it or not , languages tend to morph over time . 
  your perfect , ideal language look different tomorrow when slang starts showing up and connotations become attached . 
  * there 's a connection between the written and spoken language , unlike mandarin ; lower barrier to learning . 
  * from an eu standpoint , what alternate language are you going to use ? 
  think about it : spanish is probably the most-reasonable alternative due to global speaker count ... but what benefits over english does it have , other than the avoiding the ( admittedly-substantial ) one-time cost of re-teaching spain 's residents a new language ? 
  and you 'd have a one-off cost of re-teaching people who speak english but not spanish , which should be a rather larger number in the eu . 
  spanish-speaking countries [ are heavily in south and central america ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:map-hispanic_countries.png ) , which ( currently ) are n't as important economically as the english-speaking world ( though i admit that that always could change ! ) . 
  english has australia , the uk , the us , and canada onboard , as well as some of india and being important ( albeit not natively-spoken ) in continental europe . 
  spanish has spain , mexico , argentina , peru , columbia , and so forth german has germany , austria , and switzerland but is n't used widely outside of that . 
  french has france , canada to some degree , a few islands and snippets of land , and a chunk of some of the less-well-to-do areas in africa . 
  mandarin is fragmented and has a split between the written and spoken languages . 
  hindi ... india 's the primary user , but english already has substantial hooks there as well . 
   we are small countries . 
  all of us . 
  even germany or france . 
  80 millions people ? 
  look at china , india or the us . 
  on a global scale , we do n't matter much individually . 
  the us is 320m , and germany is 80m . 
  that 's a 4x multiplier . 
  china is 1,357 m : 4.2 times the population of the us . 
  india is 1,210 m : 3.7 times the population of the us . 
  while i believe that these two countries industrializing will reduce the relative impact of the us in the world , i do n't think `` uh , oh , a 4x multiple is bad news ... we 'd best go absorb south america and the remainder of north america to get things closer to where those two countries are . '', 
  they put together the schengen area , which i think is long-term the single most important factor in favor of building a shared identity , since it blurs the lines between peoples . 
   as long as germany and france are the biggest influencer 's and their policy 's continue to get shittier and more police state like , a big nope from me . 
  specifically what franco-german policies do you object to ? 
  but [ rt says that it was a cia-poland operation ] ( http://rt.com/news/251961-ukraine-maidan-snipers-poland/ ) !, 
  surely the ukrainian jews ca n't also have pulled it off !, 
  well , the law was obviously passed in an era when the state had some reasonable ability to restrict access to erotica . 
  courts simply decided that if legislators had made a law , they 'd need to update it on the legislative side rather than the judicial side if the scope were to be restricted , which does n't sound all * that * ridiculous . 
  ... though i 'll bet there 's inertia , since i do n't see any politician wanting to be the guy who proposes expanding availability of adult e-books . 
  i 'm not sure that that makes things better . 
  means that there will be private losses inbound if the debt is n't paid off . 
  huh . 
  i did n't know about icelandic elves . 
  [ wikipedia : hulduf\u00f3lk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hulduf%c3%b3lk ), 
   also sedentary versus nomadic people huh . 
  could you expand on that ? 
  i remember listening to a lecture on anthropology that mentioned that sedentary and nomadic people * did * tend to run into conflicts , but that 's on the order of peoples-who-herd not getting along with peoples-who-use-agriculture , and that 's the only sort of thing that i can think of that fits into that ... but the timeframe is out-of-whack , and i always thought of the jewish diaspora as about-as-sedentary as the other europeans that they lived alongside . 
  you 're saying that the jewish diaspora was more-mobile in europe than the non-jewish europeans and that people in the middle ages did n't like that ? 
   tolerate inequality < shrug  creating facebook , something that a substantial chunk of the world uses , is going to make you absurdly-wealthy , in the absence of some factor preventing that . 
  that generates inequality . 
  same idea for any wildly-popular world-scale product . 
  i do n't personally see it as a problem that someone else who happened to live in the same country created something and made a ton of money from it ; it does n't make my life better if he were encouraged to go make facebook in botswana instead and thus inequality were reduced in society . 
  having giorgio armani be italian rather than botswanan does not , i 'd guess , hurt italians . 
  to say that inequality is an issue is saying that someone making something extremely-successful in-country is a negative for the country . 
  if that inequality is generated by people developing wildly-successful things , hey , i 'm gung-ho on inequality . 
  's no skin off my back !, 
  ( a ) competing religion . 
  look at protestantism/catholicism , or christianity/islam . 
  ( b ) judaism has been associated with banking , due to christianity 's long-term ( but now obsolete ) ban on lending money at interest . 
  people have long had it in for moneylenders ; now imagine that you 've got an insular group that speaks their own language and has their own religion * and * is associated with banking . 
  i 've yet to hear a better explanation . 
   russia is actually morphing into a nazi state . 
  no it is n't . 
  a jewish friend 's family fled russia some years back . 
  it was n't always fun to be jewish in russia , but that 's been true of a big chunk of throughout the disaspora . 
  remember that europe 's got a history of less-than-nice jewish treatment outside of nazi germany , including the uk kicking out the jews , france disallowing jewish property ownership , and so forth . 
  and this is n't an official state stance -- it 's one guy . 
  you can assuredly find someone in the us who has it in for the jews for whatever reason too . 
  same for pretty much every other group . 
   everyone here has laptops in school always and use facebook as a serious tool for group collaboration with school work . 
  it 's like some kind of privacy apocalypse , where one private company even knows all of your schoolwork . 
   nah , lets just bbq if we want . 
  apparently australia understands the important bits . 
  [ wikipedia : australia day ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/?title=australia_day ) :  1818 was the 30th anniversary of the founding of the colony , and governor lachlan macquarie chose to acknowledge the day with the first official celebration . 
  [ 17 ] the governor declared that the day would be a holiday for all government workers , ** granting each an extra allowance of `` one pound of fresh meat '' ** , and ordered a 30 gun salute at dawes point -- one for each year that the colony had existed . 
  [ 18 ] this began a tradition that was retained by the governors that were to follow . 
   this is what happens when your political class consists almost entirely of legalists . 
  as opposed to ? 
  population-wise , this would be comparable to the eu adding china as a member state . 
  the eu has up towards twice as many people as the us . 
  oh , there are people in the us southwest who are pretty irked about the use of spanish . 
  it 's what provoked the whole `` let 's make english the official language of the united states '' thing in the last few decades that has [ various groups ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english-only_movement ) promoting it . 
   and also the frenchies will fight tooth and nail against english becoming the sole official language . 
  probably , but they also know that that 's increasingly a bit of administrative trivia . 
  accepting english as the * de-facto * standard in the eu is a fight that already happened ; * that * seems like an immensely-difficult-to-swallow change for a country . 
  fair enough !, 
  no , i mean that a `` z '' symbol shows up in the pronunciation guide for each , and there is no alternate pronunciation listed in the oxford dictionary that has a soft-s there ; regardless of what symbol is used to represent it in written english ( heck , it 'd be equally-valid from that standpoint to use a greek omega or something ) , the sound would be the same . 
  i realize that folks on the left would probably say that the fact that the market has the option of offering a job at all at a low wage rate is a sign of capitalism . 
  i 'm just saying that from a us standpoint , germany would be somewhere way off to the left , so it creates culture shock from my personal perspective to hear it called `` ultra capitalistic '' . 
   you can speak all nazism you want in spain . 
  it 's only in germany where they 're ( understandably ) still recovering from it . 
  for nazism , also for at least france and poland and some of the baltics off the top of my head ... and europe in general permits restrictions on freedom of speech that the us does not . 
  broadly-speaking , i doubt that people are going to be enthusiastic about having their existing national laws overridden by an eu constitution : whatever the eu does initially is going to have to at least * permit * an approximate snapshot in time of current policy , since otherwise it becomes an unsellable mass of social reform that everyone has * some * objection to that has to meet the very high bar of unanimity . 
  the us constitution was not intended to be a document advocating for social reform , but rather one that would simply guarantee the fundamental workings of a democracy and would permit for the constitution in the future to be amended without issues ( and it was * still * hard to sell , but it was sold successfully ) . 
  i truly think that the eu would be better-off with a small constitution , if it wants that , and then try to create social reform law either at a non-constitutional eu legislative level * or * adopt social reform item by item with individual referendums , if the items must be inserted into the constitution . 
  or do n't try to legislatively-unify european social norms at all . 
  i think that doing that has tended to create the greatest political frictions in us society ( `` slavery good/bad ! '',
