  while i have n't read the earlier material for comparison , that seems to me like a good sign , if you want a deal and if i understand it correctly . 
  that is very obliquely-worded , and about as tucked-away as one could hope , and i assume that it 's referring to debt reduction ( that is , to question the `` viability '' of the public debt is asking for a debt reduction ) . 
  that means that whatever agreement is signed upon now has only to have , according to the greek parties , as an element the * extremely * weak : `` commitment to beginning a substantial discussion on confronting the problem of the viability of greek public debt '' . 
  that is * not * a debt reduction as part of the agreement . 
  that is * only * asking that the eu `` commit to beginning a substantial discussion on confronting the problem of the viability of the greek public debt '' . 
  that 's about as weak as the statement could be made and even keep it on the paper -- it 's just asking that there be an agreement to at some point in the future at least start talking about debt reduction . 
  the eu should be able to commit to that without issue . 
   think of any possible transaction where someone receives money . 
  the one receiving is the one that writes up the proposal . 
  a mortgage ? 
  the most-critical people of communism that i knew grew up behind the iron curtain . 
  perhaps every era needs its examples to look at ... people will always try to improve society to more-closely-approximate what they see as ideal , and if communism paints the best story ... < shrug  and who knows . 
  maybe they 'll discover something new , something which does work . 
  i would n't want to be the guinea pig , but ... three hundred years ago , national democracy was the province of unruly , extremist revolutionaries . 
  what would the point be ? 
  what would he gain from that ? 
  `` hello , this is your national leader , the first potentially non-corrupt guy running things in a while . 
  i 've called a referendum friday . 
  i 've been sitting in discussions for six months , i am the most-familiar person with the offers available , and i can tell you that we are on the verge of getting a better deal , but this will only happen if you vote `` no '' to reject the existing plan . 
  i need your support on this , but i can get you the better deal that you voted me into office for . 
  ignore the media outlets criticizing me : they 're owned by my old corrupt political opponents , and you and i both know that they desperately want to kick me out of power , which will happen if you vote `` yes '' . 
  let 's stand together , to begin the healing . '', 
  what is marcos-the-average-18-year-old in athens , who does n't have any financial expertise and is probably mostly familiar with the political concerns , going to think when he hears that ? 
  i mean , if you 've got a dramatically-higher opinion of the average 18-year-olds in your country , then i think that you should be proud of your country . 
  i think that the principal concern facing us is standardizing the timezone defining the boundaries of mandatory fun day , to avoid undue favor of any one region . 
  perhaps it could be selected by vote in a voting period scheduled each month for a period of one week in advance of mandatory fun day . 
  if we adopt that as a new / r/europe bylaw , the only question would be how to determine the proper weighting of votes for the monthly mandatory fun day timezone definition period . 
  also , perhaps it would improve efficiency if , rather than requiring a voting effort on a per person basis each month , it would be possible to delegate voting rights to a trusted proxy , who could act as a representative to cast blocs of votes . 
  that would make additional planning time available to individuals to help prepare and improve their submissions for mandatory fun day , so that they are n't simply required to improvise them on the spot . 
  us states compare crime statistics all the time , and yet they define crimes on a state-by-state basis ( well , sometimes there 's only a federal crime , but certainly [ robbery does have a state definition ] ( http://www.leginfo.ca.gov/cgi-bin/displaycode?section=pen&amp;group=00001-01000&amp;file=211-215 ) ) . 
  are eu member criminal codes so much more drastically-different ? 
   ( he 's a retired doc , so obviously poor ) . 
  at moments like these , i am reminded that the united states and germany are sometimes utterly , radically , foreign . 
  i do n't buy the author 's theory . 
  there is no reason that tsipras could n't say `` we refuse to cooperate any further with with the outrageous demands from the creditors , who refuse to cut a fair deal with us ; we are stepping down rather than facilitating such agony upon the greek people . '', 
  if he * truly * wanted to sacrifice his government * and * believed that doing so would permit a deal ... both of which i think are dubious . 
  that would permit the party to retain their ideological position , would n't suffer the risk of a public vote ( or even close vote ) opposing him and undermining his party ( and thus improve his chances down the line ) . 
  it 's easy , reliable , and simply preferable across the board if that was actually the outcome he was shooting for . 
  if he did n't want this outcome , he had no reason to give the pep talk speeches leading up to this or to campaign for it . 
  it requires a machiavellan thought process , and it 's not clear that it buys anything that could n't just as easily be otherwise accomplished , and i have a really hard time believing that political parties would , after spending decades trying to get a government , intentionally give up that government . 
  `` hey bob ? 
  i 've got an awesome idea ! '', 
  `` yeah , what is it ? '', 
  '' [ let 's send our super-secret military drone video feed over an unencrypted stream and then broadcast it over the radio !, 
  ] ( http://www.wired.com/2012/10/hack-proof-drone/ ) '' `` hmm . 
  that * does * sound like a good idea ! '', 
   not to mention the russians wanted to nuke china and only stopped because of us intervention . 
  huh . 
  that [ is apparently what the telegraph said ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/china/7720461/ussr-planned-nuclear-attack-on-china-in-1969.html ) . 
  i knew that there was a conflict , but i was n't aware that such strong claims had been made . 
  i see . 
  how about contractually-committing to those funds before greece passes the deadline , so that this looks like a plausible offer rather than just trying to encourage a grexit ? 
   it has fallen to merkel to save europe . 
  this seems to be a bit melodramatic . 
  i do n't know about policy in europe , but [ in the us ] ( http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/family-reunification ) , it looks like this is a summary : one is not capped :  ** immediate relatives ** of u.s. citizens include the non-native spouses of u.s. citizens , unmarried minor children ( aged 21 or under ) of u.s. citizens , orphans adopted by u.s. citizens , and the parents of u.s. citizens over the age of 21 . 
  this category has no numerical ceiling . 
  and one category has an annual total cap :  the number of immigrants entering through this category affects , to a usually marginal degree , the number of places available to immigrants entering through the second set of classes entry , that of family sponsorship . 
    the family sponsorship part of the preference entry system includes four numerically limited categories :   1 . 
  unmarried , adult ( age 21 + ) sons and daughters of u.s. citizens . 
  spouses and unmarried sons and daughters of u.s. permanent resident aliens ( `` green card holders '' ) . 
  married sons and daughters of u.s. citizens . 
  brothers and sisters of adult u.s. citizens . 
   are the women and children left behind in the midst of war ? 
  are the women and children captured ? 
  are the men mostly soldiers fleeing from war ? 
  what is the reason that the entire family did n't move ? 
  this point seems to be constantly raised ; i 'm not sure if it 's opaquely trying to point out that a great many people are actually economic migrants ( which seems totally valid to me ) , but i wish that people would just explicitly make the statement . 
  early chinese immigration to the us [ did have a lot of men moving over ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_chinese_americans ) as well : young men , off to make money :  only merchants were able to take their wives and children overseas . 
  the vast majority of chinese immigrants were peasants , farmers and craftsmen . 
  young men , who were usually married , left their wives and children behind since they at first had the intention of only staying in america temporarily . 
  wives also had another major reason for staying behind as they had a traditional role in looking after her parents-in-law . 
  men sent a large part of the money they earned in america back to china . 
  because it was usual at that time in china to live in confined social nets of families , unions , and guilds , sometimes whole village communities and even regions ( for instance , taishan ) sent nearly all or every of their young men to california . 
  i 've read articles about foreign labor in the oil states in the middle east , which follows a similar pattern , and i 'd guess that that 's a not uncommon form of sending labor somewhere . 
  if i had to guess : * in many cultures , men are expected to be more-independent than women . 
  * historically , though perhaps not of great interest today , men could provide more physical labor . 
  * rape is probably more of an issue for women . 
  * a child could n't care for themselves . 
  * the elderly may have a difficult time learning a new language , and i would guess that if someone has been living in an area for some decades , the idea of moving and starting over and throwing out everything that they know would be less-appealing to them . 
  if you rule out women , children , and the elderly , that kind of narrows it down to favoring young men . 
  also , while i do n't know about europe , family reunification is a [ major route to citizenship ] ( http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/family-reunification ) -- two-thirds of it -- in the us . 
  that is , it 's vital to get * one * person in the family citizenship , and that 's a vital foothold to bringing over the remaining family . 
  so it makes the most sense to put the effort into your single best shot . 
  marry , have a kid , and then head overseas , sending money back , and try to bring the family over . 
   increasing productivity to a level where the majority of people wouldnt have to work anymore . 
  hmm . 
  i think that the problem is that generally people seem willing to work to have a higher standard of living than the bare essentials , though . 
  i mean , if we had kept our standard of living at what it was in , say , 1900 , i could do little work or retire early ; instead , we chose to take on luxuries , like more clothing , living in larger houses , having all sorts of entertainment , automobiles and not having to live near your workplace , and so on . 
  i 'm not sure that you * can * ever have everything you 'd want -- people still want things that inherently suffer from scarcity like unique artworks , like the * mona lisa * , even though we could print off a copy of it for every person in the world . 
  even if there was some way past the above and the level was met where everyone was content , then you 'd have whatever additional desires could be created via marketing . 
  i think that society of superabundance , one where people really have everything that they could want , might be a simply theoretical one . 
  i would assume that this is just polite diplomacy at this point , which is nice from a us pr standpoint and maybe from a domestic politics standpoint , but not really meaningful in terms of changing greece 's status . 
  if the us really was willing to eat some pain to keep greece in longer , there 'd be an offer of us money ; if the us was going to do something from a policy standpoint , it also seems unlikely that it would have been obama ( rather than a specialist familiar with the issues involved ) making the calls , and seems very likely that this would have happened months ago . 
  personally calling with the white house releasing press releases that he 's doing so means that he wants this to be visible . 
  interesting article , but the editorialized headline is awful . 
  put the opinion in a comment . 
  while i agree that greece probably did a lot more things than just `` be poor and have a financial crisis '' , i have a hard time blaming them for this :  elect a non functional government from the extreme left and right the greek public had two corrupt parties in power . 
  it booted them out , which was probably the right thing for them to do . 
  the remaining parties with any degree of reputation and size were communist , fascist , and far-left . 
  of any of these three , europe would not have been happy , and i 'd even venture to say that syriza was the least-objectionable option .
