  nothing new or unusual about that : anything related to second-strike capability is going to be a target . 
  the good news is that nobody involved , including russia , regardless of its posturing , wants nuclear war , and if there * were * a strategic nuclear war , the fate of a warship would be a drop in the ocean . 
  that title is not what erdogan said as per the body text of the article . 
  title : obamacare was my idea body text :  `` once i attended the friday prayer at the sultanahmet mosque . 
  there were tourists . 
  some of them knew that i would be visiting the united states the following week . 
  they asked me how we could be so successful in health care and wanted me to tell about it to obama , '' president recep tayyip erdogan said at the opening of a health complex on wednesday in ankara , according to a report from hurriyet daily news . 
    after hearing from the tourists , erdogan said , he then spoke with obama . 
  but `` the negative reflex '' in the u.s. `` made it really hard '' for him , so that he `` could only solve the problem partly . ''  [ snip ]   the turkish president says his u.s. counterpart is n't the only one to have sought out his country 's advice on health care , boasting that european officials have come to study its health care system . 
  he said that ( a ) he gave some advice , not that obamacare was his idea , and ( b ) that european health officials have examined turkey 's health care system . 
   swedish women are the most likely to be sexually harassed . 
  national statistics for sexual harassment and rape do n't have unified criteria , and sweden uses an extremely-expansive definition . 
  under the [ swedish definition ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rape_in_sweden ) , 81 % of women have experienced sexual harassment subsequent to age 15 . 
   i 'm afraid this has nothing to do with social progressiveness and everything to do with money and not having enough jails . 
  well , that being said , if you do n't have enough money and have to choose to cut something , the decision on what to cut itself has political implications ; it 's not as if the fact that it 's driven by cost-cutting need neutralize political impact . 
  not every political initiative need involve spending more money . 
  some related issues : * pollen * dirt/dust/leaves from dead plants clogging up or covering things . 
  that being said , if rooftop access is also mandated ( which would probably also require fences to keep people from dropping things over on large buildings ... ) it would also create green space , and it 's difficult to place a value on the ability to access green space ; there may be real , otherwise-unachievable positive externalities . 
  i am far less-enthusiastic about the solar panel option . 
  electricity is a commodity ; there 's nothing unique or special about generating it right above users ' heads . 
  power generation companies * could * produce solar power via panel-based systems but do n't ( solar thermal or other systems are viewed as more-economical ) , which is n't a very compelling sign for maintenance and other costs . 
  if we did want to generate solar power , it makes a lot more sense to put the panels in one place where they 're easy to access and service , not on rooftops where elevated service costs will be an issue for many years . 
  there must be power storage and conversion systems added to the buildings . 
  putting solar panels on roofs sounds a lot like an inefficient `` feel-good '' project . 
  i regret that you were downvoted , because your below response was interesting . 
  i do n't really know much about reconstruction efforts in either , but the us ( forced ) the post-war japanese constitution in ; was n't just a matter of writing checks . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unincorporated_territories_of_the_united_states nope . 
  to be fair , while by population puerto rico is on par with a number of other us states and is probably a likely candidate for 51st state , given the right political conditions , the other unincorporated territories are much smaller . 
  existing states would be giving up a significant chunk of senate clout relative to population were they granted statehood . 
  well , there was germany and japan . 
  that was a long time ago , though . 
  not so much television , but it 's probably possible to put out software that flags likely putinbots and distribute that to targeted websites . 
  according to information that has been put out , putinbot requirements include use of daily keywords and specified talking points . 
  this is vulnerable to [ bayesian analysis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naive_bayes_spam_filtering ) , on the same level that spam is . 
  he turned over the laptops he left with to different members of the media before going to russia . 
   already amazon , with its limited reach ( uk/germany/france / spain/italy ) , is putting some pressure on local chains . 
  however , even they are playing the game , pricing to national markets rather than offering uniform eu-wide competitive prices . 
  there are larger geographic wealth differences within europe than within the us . 
  the larger the difference , the more value to price discrimination . 
  i do n't know the numbers . 
  some good thoughts already here , and i 'll add some guesses : * localization costs . 
  if your product has a non-english-only manual or interface , it will need to be localized for smaller markets . 
  * [ mains power frequency differences ] ( http://sound.westhost.com/articles/50-60hz.htm ) :  many products intended solely for the us markets will have the transformer made for 60hz . 
  this has the advantage of making the transformer smaller than it would be if it could also handle 50hz . 
  indeed , an advantage of 60hz mains is that all transformers and induction motors are smaller than the 50hz equivalent . 
  * for the uk , a unique plug . 
  * import tariffs/lack of a free-trade agreement with the location that the product is coming from . 
  according to [ * cheapest countries for buying electronics gear * ] ( http://www.priceoftravel.com/2357/cheapest-countries-for-buying-electronics-gear/ ) , most of the difference is from vat or duties . 
  * representation of cost . 
  be sure to factor in how the price is computed . 
  in the us , because the location of the buyer determines sales tax and this varies by state , an advertised price at , say , an online retailer will * not * include sales tax . 
  that may not be the case for european countries . 
  * cost of transport . 
  a lot of consumer electronics are probably manufactured in east asia , and transport will at at least a bit more-expensive to italy than san francisco . 
  well , to be fair , some of those are regimes . 
  i mean , it 's true that the tsars are n't running russia any more , but it 's not as if there 's an unbroken regime that has been running poland all this time , either . 
  potentially , though i really do n't know the history there ; that happened a long time ago . 
  and so modest , in addition to everything else !, 
   european citizenship use of the term `` european '' to refer to structures in the eu seems like a bit of a political statement itself . 
   paris then promoted a partnership with the british military , but the much-touted effort proved disappointing , said chris chivvis , a former pentagon official . 
  that 's odd . 
  aside from the uk being cautious about an eu military , i 'd have thought that france and the uk share most military concerns . 
   france displaces britain as key us military ally in the article , i do n't see any statement about the uk being `` displaced '' or any concrete change that would cause the uk to take a different role : the ( clickbait ? ), 
  title seems to be from the author . 
   as i 've come to expect , a thread full of people refusing to believe the evidence that crimea could possibly want to be part of russia . 
  does n't really matter : the us is expected not to send in military into russia , like to chechnya , and announce to russia that its referendum there has showed that chechnya does n't like being part of the russian federation . 
  same applies to russia and crimea . 
  that 's israel 's view of russia , not the united states . 
  if he handed over defense plans , and did so to russia rather than to world media , i guarantee you that he would have very little support , at least in the united states . 
   i do n't always need entertainment , but when i do , i read sputniknews . 
  `` hitler is * hillarious * !, 
  he gets all red-faced and screams absurdities !, 
  i love it when he gets put on television ! '', 
  the link was n't to the surrender : i have a hard time saying that france 's surrender was unreasonable . 
  france might have chosen bad tactics and gotten unlucky , but once those had happened , and the counterattack and breakout attempts had failed , it would have been difficult for france to fight on . 
  besides , france owed no nation a commitment not to surrender when it judged that it had no chance to win ; that was no violation of any defense treaty . 
  it was instead to [ not launching a major offensive against the remaining german forces defending germany within fifteen days of mobilization when poland was invaded ] ( https://history.stackexchange.com/questions/3042/why-didnt-france-and-uk-invade-germany-september-3rd-1939 ) . 
  poland had received a guarantee from france that this would happen , and structured its defenses around this guarantee : intending to hold out for the necessary time until the other allies could join the conflict , and germany would be overwhelmed . 
  yes , there were reasons not to do so : the allied militaries were not yet supplied and equipped to the level that their respective military leaders wanted ... but that will always be the case , and is doubtless the case today . 
  finland 's own defense relies upon similar expectations : holding out long enough for sufficient allied support to be brought to bear , rather than being left in isolation . 
  hence the concern : will allied nations respond , jumping into a war that they may not have been ready for that their own citizenry may not see the need for ? 
  last time finland was invaded by russia , finland was also fairly-confident that she could expect aid from the rest of the west : democracies would not be left hanging at the hands of imperialism . 
  but on that occasion , finland was . 
  what is the certainty for finland that this will not happen again ? 
  i ca n't read finnish either , but i can use google translate :  ** `` next , poland and finland '' - thousands to celebrate the crimean connecting russia **   image caption : thousands of people celebrated in moscow on wednesday evening , the crimean peninsula to russia joining the first anniversary . 
  `` we are together , '' called the event keynote speaker was president vladimir putin . 
  according to police , the celebration was attended by over one hundred thousand people . 
    moscow . 
  thousands of people gathered wednesday evening to celebrate the crimean peninsula to russia joining the anniversary concert in the center of moscow . 
  according to the police had gathered more than 110 000 people . 
    `` we are together , '' called the event keynote speaker was president vladimir putin . 
    `` when you talk about krimist\u00e4 , just do not talk about the land , even though no matter how strategically important , '' putin said . 
  `` then talk about the millions of russians , and the millions of men who need our help and support . '', 
    after the speech captivated the audience shouted rbk channel location of the supplier to have been `` very seriously '' the slogan of `` ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 ol\u00e9 , crimea is ours , annapas poland and finland . '', 
  geographically , the conquest of poland , however , might require ukraine but also in belarus integration with russia first . 
    the event was held in st. 
  basil 's cathedral and moscow river between the spread vasilinrinteell\u00e4 the kremlin walls flank . 
  opposite moscow river bridge situated opposition leader boris nemtsov murder the place was surrounded by police escort during the event . 
    people crowd the celebration was also buses from the countryside and the participants , many employers had granted them a day off in the crimea because of the feast . 
    social network has also traveled around the arguments that the revelers would have a small participation fee .
