  one , let 's say that the concern about podemos and friends is real . 
  that may not be a looming concern a few years down the road . 
  that might make giving concessions to greece more-acceptable . 
  second , let 's say that germany and france and friends are willing to cut debt but they want targets to be met and they no longer trust signing onto any agreements with greece for verification -- they want greece to get cuts only when they agree that improvement has been made , and they do n't want to hard-commit to any cuts . 
  the leaked us spying on the troika that just came out certainly indicates that the bulk of the troika was , at least at one point , not that far from being willing to extend more debt forgiveness to greece . 
  [ i imagine that right about now , they 're probably pretty irked not just about the spying but about it now being visible to the greek negotiators ... ] so if that 's the case -- that they * are * willing to forgive debt , but are unwilling to commit up-front to a clear roadmap for doing so , as control over the supply of incoming money is currently the * only * lever they have over greece , and thus they intend to leverage that to push through reforms , then it might not come up again , that debt will be cut . 
  it 'd be pretty awesome for beijing and tokyo . 
  i mean , i do n't think that the * eu * should have a financial transaction tax -- i do n't think that it 's a good idea , but that 's up to the eu . 
  but i ca n't imagine what carrot could be held out that would convince the us to accept one in the us . 
  awwwwkward . 
  i can understand objecting to mass monitoring of the whole populace -- i do n't want that domestically either . 
  it has way too much potential to permit for police states . 
  i can certainly understand complaints about * business * espionage , like stealing bids , and i do n't want us doing that . 
  but the bailout talks on greece , which are the most-concrete bit of information that was released here , would potentially determine the future of the eu , which has a big impact on the us . 
  it 's difficult to see why those would n't be targeted -- that seems to be pretty well within the scope of what someone would expect their intelligence agency to be doing . 
  i certainly do n't object to that . 
  i * want * my government to have a heads-up if the eu is about to split up . 
   do n't believe american sources on this it 's one guy with a blog . 
  heck , < skims link  every source on the link you 've been posting originates in the us or the uk too . 
  he might be * wrong * , but i 'd be skeptical that he 's part of a conspiracy to make the euro collapse and that this can be derived from the fact that he 's from the us . 
  it 's already pretty concise : i 'd just read the article . 
  in even more condensed form : * merkel was bugged talking to her assistant saying that she wanted a financial transaction tax and wanted to pressure the us and the uk to get this through . 
  * the uk bugged discussion of the french-german bailout plan for greece and gave it to the us before the french and germans released it . 
  * one tidbit had merkel saying that she was n't sure that greece could actually handle the debt , which is probably why this is topical at the moment ; it gave the opinions of major players on whether-or-not the greek bailout was actually viable ( some thought it was , some did n't ) . 
  merkel and lagarde at the imf were unsure as to how to go , german finance minister schnaeuble was somewhat off-merkel 's - leash and advocating for a haircut , france and the ec president wanted `` a gentler '' approach , and the ecb took a hard line . 
  * the us and the uk have been spying for a while now on government ministers involved with economic , commerce , and agricultural policy . 
   in that regard , the germans thought that pressure could be brought to bear on the u.s. and british governments to help bring about an ftt . 
  ... what does the * us * have to do with this ? 
  she means that she wants the us to impose a financial transaction tax in the us to prevent an eu tax from making the eu financial system immediately non-competitive , or just to add weight to the possibility of an eu tax ? 
  the former seems tremendously far outside the scope of viability ; certainly i would be strongly opposed to it , and i do n't think that there 's anywhere near the kind of political support required for such a tax in the us . 
  the us is n't going to hamstring itself as a financial center . 
  in the latter case , how much influence would the us have in setting eu tax policy ? 
   in the intercepted talk between chancellor merkel and her assistant , the chancellor talks about her views on solutions to the greek financial crisis and her disagreement with members of her own cabinet , such as finance minister wolfgang schauble , on matters of policy ... nsa economic espionage extends as far back as the clinton presidency actually , this article seems like an argument that it * is n't * trying to obtain business information for us businesses , but rather than the us and the uk were interested in what germany and france were going to do with greece , which * is * within the legitimate scope of what i expect the nsa/cia to be doing do . 
  trying to figure out what 's going to happen to country x seems like more than fair game . 
  my great concern would be the nsa trying to use its position to , say , obtain bid information between companies , and that information be used to benefit us companies . 
  that would be highly-objectionable to me , and that is what the nsa has claimed that it does not do . 
  because if you 're engaging in economic migration to europe , your interest is in doing so because you expect to permanently establish a larger source of income in europe than you would have in africa . 
  a family does n't pool its money and pay off human smugglers to send over some young man with the expectation that he then sit in a refugee camp , but rather that he ( a ) make substantial money and ( b ) bring over the rest of the family . 
  to block ( a ) and ( b ) from happening for people claiming refugee status is to eliminate the bad incentive , and thus eliminate the reason to claim refugee status when the real goal is economic migration . 
  this accomplishes addressing the eu concern of not letting refugee status be abused to perform economic migration . 
  now , europe does have legal economic migration routes . 
  maybe it is the case that more people should be permitted in via those routes ( in fact , i 'm a little suspicious that most countries , including the united states , are far too restrictive on these grounds -- i 'd like a faster to-citizenship route for the us h1b skilled worker program , and to greatly expand the number of applications available each year ) . 
  however , unless european officials * want * to have the refugee system abused to permit more immigration while avoiding popular discontent ( in which case they seem to me to be doing an awfully bad job of keeping it low profile ) , it seems like they should really address legitimate concerns about abuse of the system . 
   see my flag ? 
  australia . 
  we 're one of the most multicultural societies on the planet , and it 's working fine . 
  hmm . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/asylum_in_australia  the current government policy is to detain anyone entering australia without a valid visa . 
  australia is the only country in the world to mandate the strict enforcement of the detention of asylum-seekers . 
  [ 1 ] [ snip ]  australia is a signatory to the united nations ' convention relating to the status of refugees . 
  [ 16 ] the prolonged detention of refugees is contrary to the convention . 
  detention is viewed by the united nations human rights committee ( unhrc ) as a measure of last resort to be used only when national interests are threatened . 
  [ 17 ] the unhrc has found against australia regarding detention of asylum seekers on multiple occasions . 
  specifically , the findings concluded australia had violated section 14 of the international covenant on civil and political rights which recognises and protects a right to justice and a fair trial . 
  [ 1 ] [ snip ]  in june 2012 , gillard appointed an expert panel to make recommendations on the asylum issue by august 2012 . 
  [ 39 ] the report included 22 recommendations . 
  [ 38 ] following their recommendations , her government effectively reinstated the pacific solution , and re-introduced offshore processing for asylum seekers . 
  [ snip ]   in july 2013 , rudd , who had recently returned to power as prime minister , announced that anyone who arrived in australia by boat without a visa would not be eligible for asylum . 
  [ 11 ] in co-operation with papua new guinean prime minister peter o\u2019neill , the regional settlement agreement was drafted . 
  under the agreement , new asylum seekers would be sent to papua new guinea where legitimate cases would be granted asylum in that , but would lose any right to seek asylum in australia . 
  [ 42 ] to accommodate the refugees , the manus island processing facility would be enlarged significantly . 
  in exchange for taking the asylum seekers , papua new guinea will receive financial aid from australia . 
  like australia , papua new guinea is a signatory to united nations refugees convention . 
  [ 16 ] rudd said the policy was not intended to be permanent and would be reviewed annually . 
  [ 11 ] i do n't think that australia is the best example to hold up in the context of endorsing permitting large-scale asylum-seeking . 
  it creates an incentive for using the asylum mechanism as a route for economic migration . 
  of course , that 's not an argument that it 's a net negative -- heck , maybe just having open borders is the way to go , if major economic migration is desirable -- but it explains why * if * you want to limit economic migration you might want to disallow employment under asylum status . 
   and hitler advocated a healthy body , does it mean that exercising is bad ? 
  vindication for america !, 
  i 'm not even relying on that . 
  if this were six months ago , fine , maybe mr. varoufakis ' thesis would be more practical and the question would be one of mood , but right now it feels like i 'm watching someone playing chicken having just crashed and presently flying through his windshield , all while yelling `` they 're going to turn in just a second more ! '', 
  i do n't believe that the eu would have let this go on so long if it intended to just change its plan and accept the syriza proposal : if it was going to switch , it would have done so in the past . 
  maybe that just makes me a bad poker player who is a sucker for bluffs , and means that mr. varoufakis is a better negotiator , but ... 
  a nation of 10m ca n't do economic planning ? 
   so yeah , greece does not have the intellectual capacity to manage a transition like this gracefully uh ... 
  based on past articles , my understanding is that vox.com is quite critical of the euro . 
   the imf , the united states ' government , many other governments around the globe , and most independent economists believe -- along with us -- that the debt must be restructured . 
  ... how does a no vote produce restructuring ? 
   these signals show that official europe too would vote no on its own ` final ' offer . 
  if `` official europe '' prefers `` no '' to `` yes '' , why has `` official europe '' not stated this ? 
   greece will stay in the euro . 
  that 's the right thing to say whether greece stays in the euro or not , because doing otherwise just increases the rate of euro outflow from greece , which is undesirable preceeding a currency switch . 
   the future demands a proud greece within the eurozone and at the heart of europe . 
  this future demands that greeks say a big no on sunday , that we stay in the euro area , and that , with the power vested upon us by that no , we renegotiate greece 's public debt as well as the distribution of burdens between the haves and the have nots . 
  i fail to see how voting `` no '' generates leverage . 
  are you saying that the eu * really * will buckle at the prospect of greece leaving the euro , that the leaders have just been putting up a bold front in hopes of getting a better deal , but always meant to break ? 
  they 've shut off the flow of euros to greek banks and capital controls are in place . 
  there 's been a run on the banks . 
  how far do you think this was expected to go ? 
  iraq was a us deal , but libya [ was really a franco-british concern ] ( http://www.nytimes.com/2011/03/19/world/africa/19europe.html?_r=0 ) , where the us became involved at european request . 
   as lagarde said not long ago , we need some adults at the table . 
  i wish that she had n't , because it 's become something of a refrain and it 's kind of insulting . 
  i do n't think that any of the meaningful points of disagreement are due to personal problems on the part of the people negotiating the situation . 
  this from the land of helmetless rugby !, 
  huh . 
  i was n't aware of that ... that * does * appear to have historically been the case in poland , but apparently starting in 2009 , poland [ does have a ( strict ) personal bankruptcy status which does permit cancellation of debt ] ( http://www.millercanfield.com/resources-41.html ) . 
  my understanding is that normally the diplomatic/civilian nato leadership , the [ nato secretary-general ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secretary_general_of_nato ) comes from europe , and the military leadership , the [ nato supreme allied commander ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/supreme_allied_commander ) from the us . 
  looking at the wiki page , apparently there 's now a second supreme allied commander that i was n't aware of who is also european but works on long-term reform of nato rather than immediate military concerns . 
  if we are n't going to put serious money in , i do n't see how the us has voice here . 
  obviously , european leaders have looked at this for a long time and are aware of the costs of greece leaving .
