  in practice , there may be legal restrictions on international funding of military forces ... no real idea what this would look like . 
  kickstarter did n't want to deal with weapons , porn , politics , and a few other things that tend to get people riled up , so they just outright prohibited them . 
  not sure whether funding a military force would count as selling weapons . 
  edit : eh , it 'd probably fall under `` encouraging violence against others '' , which is blocked . 
  and it 's not a law -- they can just ban anything that they think is going to make their business worse-off , and i vaguely-imagine that as a private company , they do n't want to deal with inevitable bans in some countries that would follow funding ukraine . 
  [ wikipedia : russification ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/russification ) . 
  two factors that would have been intended to more-firmly bind the countries into the russian empire ne soviet union was the idea of ( a ) moving resident populations out to siberia and other eastern areas and replacing them with ethnic russians and ( b ) trying to establish cultural homogeneity with russia versus western europe via requiring that russian be used in the controlled areas . 
  eventually , they would become cemented into the whole . 
  might have eventually worked , had it not been for the soviet union 's dysfunctional economy . 
  also , a more-benign reason : you tend to speak the language of those who you interact with and do business with . 
  now i want to see the rate-of-change of that number over time . 
   a 1.5 % interest rate that 's below historic inflation , meaning that the loan itself is likely transferring real wealth from the lenders to greece . 
  [ based off this page ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tec00118&amp;plugin=1 ) , average hicp ( eurozone inflation ) between 2003 and 2013 was 2.25 % . 
  well , let 's be scientific and evaluate this : theory 1 : markets can be approximated by an ideal efficient market . 
  countries with access to trade routes or other geographical advantages should be better-off . 
  prediction 1 : greece should be relatively wealthy . 
  finland should be relatively-poor . 
  theory 2 : wealth flows from a hidden , subterranean arctic atlantis . 
  prediction 2 : greece should be relatively-poor . 
  finland should be relatively-wealthy . 
  in the name of empiricism , i think it 's clear which theory must be cast out . 
  all hail arcticnomics !, 
   and the blood shall be to you for a token upon the houses where ye * are * : and when i see the blood , i will pass over you , and the plague shall not be upon you to destroy * you * , when i smite the land of egypt . 
  the [ mean center of us population is at 37 \u00b0 31 ` n ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/geographic_center_of_the_united_states#/media/file:uscenterpop_geographic2010.png ) . 
  this is south of seville , spain , and south of catania , sicily . 
  the [ mean center of russian population is at 53.727 n latitude ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/center_of_population#russia ) . 
  this is north of hamburg , germany , and of london , uk . 
  the reference is to [ * papers , please * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/papers,_please ) . 
  it 's not clear to me how this keeps all the balls from running out a hole ripped in the casing by incoming rounds . 
  now i want to see people from various countries try and label the various countries * and states * of the world . 
  then see which countries know which other countries . 
  i hang out on / r/europe , and yet i definitely do n't know monaco versus liechtenstein versus san marino , for reference , and i do n't know the balkans . 
   this includes a doctrine called incorporation where each us state at the time adopted english precedent before they had their own . 
  huh , interesting . 
  when someone uses the term `` incorporation '' in a context of us legalities , [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incorporation_of_the_bill_of_rights ) was the only thing that i was aware of existing . 
  is [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incorporation_of_international_law ) the legal concept that you 're referring to ( it sounds a bit different from what you 're describing ) , or is it a separate thing ? 
  oh , and ianal , just to be clear ... 
  note that i do n't believe that the lawyer i 'm quoting here is , strictly-speaking , correct -- you can file a lawsuit for any reason you want . 
  it 's just that you may have no practical chance of winning that lawsuit , which is the point that he 's trying to make . 
  http://raffandraff.com/2015/07/21/no-you-cannot-be-sued-for-donating-food/  earlier this week john oliver used most of his time on his hbo show to discuss the problem of food waste in america . 
  one of the issues that he pointed out is that stores and restaurants are unwilling to donate food that they can not sell because they are afraid of being sued . 
  as a new jersey personal injury attorney , i wanted to offer some perspective on this important issue . 
    the bottom line is , john oliver is correct in his assessment that this is a completely false fear and should not impact anyone 's behavior . 
  mr. oliver stated that his staff could not find a single case where someone was sued for donating food that made someone sick . 
  i did my own research of new jersey cases and i too failed to find a single court case involving this issue . 
  now , only a small fraction of court cases are published in the official court reporters -- we have no way of knowing for sure whether someone at some point brought a claim like this , which simply settled unnoticed . 
  however , the lack of reported court cases is very telling . 
  this is because a company is only liable for injuries if they have a legal duty regarding the injured person . 
  no one has a general duty to all people on earth . 
  and the question of whether there is a legal duty is decided by judges , not juries . 
  so you would need a court case ( or a law -- we 'll get into that below ) where a judge specifically ruled that a company who donates food has a legal duty to protect the beneficiaries of the donation . 
  such a ruling would almost certainly appear in a reported decision . 
  since no such decision exists , it is my view that at least in new jersey there is no recognized cause of action against someone who donates food . 
    but it goes much , much further than that . 
  here in new jersey under the charitable immunity act , n.j.s.a. 
  2a :53 a-7 , et seq. , charities and their agents , employees , and volunteers are ordinarily immune from suits brought by beneficiaries of the charity . 
  we wrote about this briefly some time ago . 
  the purpose of this law is to protect charities and those who help charities because , obviously , they are charities with a mission to help people rather than for-profit entities with a financial reason to exercise a high level of care . 
  the public policy is to encourage charity , not discourage it by exposing people and companies to liability . 
  anyone accepting donated food is clearly a beneficiary of charity and a person or company donating the food would likely be seen as a volunteer for the charity . 
  as such , the law would apply in that scenario . 
  therefore , the donating party could not be sued unless the plaintiff could show that their conduct was `` willful , wanton , or grossly negligent '' . 
  that is an extremely difficult thing to prove , in any context , during a personal injury case . 
    finally , as a matter of practicality , it would be near impossible for a plaintiff 's attorney to ever even consider bringing a claim on behalf of a person who was injured from donated food . 
  obviously , someone accepting donated food would need an attorney who would accept the case on contingency , meaning , the attorney would work for free unless they received a settlement or jury verdict . 
  therefore , a simple case of food poisoning would not be worthwhile for any attorney . 
  the case would have to have caused truly serious injuries , which is extremely rare in the case of tainted food . 
  additionally , despite the fact that some poke fun at personal injury lawyers , the truth is that it would be a true rarity to find a personal injury attorney who would want to argue to a jury that a company should pay money because they donated the wrong food to needy people . 
    thanks again to john oliver for pointing out this important issue and we hope that more companies will take advantage of opportunities to direct unsold food to those in need rather than the dumpster . 
  we 're talking about two different things . 
  you 're saying `` given the system as it is , what would need to change for me to work in europe ? 
  obviously , it 's going to be difficult to get me to work in europe if the pay is a lot worse . '', 
  that 's the point of view of an engineer in a fixed system trying to figure out where to go . 
  i 'm saying `` there 's some reason that european companies are paying substantially-less than us ones . 
  why is * that * the case ? '', 
  sure , obviously because there 's more supply relative to demand , but why is * that * the case ? 
  in an efficient market , and assuming no other factors , you 'd expect salaries to flatten out . 
  why are n't there lots of new software-development-performing companies popping up in paris and paying a similar rate ? 
  if you were a policy-maker in europe , what would you want to do differently to at least explain and if possible remedy the lack of software development happening in europe ? 
  * is it that vcs do n't speak french and potential tech workers in france only speak french ? 
  * is it because investors are scared off by the political/economic climate in france , and are worried about having the government come in and hit them with a lot of taxation ? 
  * is it because of the restrictive labor laws in france ? 
  it 's much harder to fire an employee in france -- in the us , if someone 's doing a lousy job and an employers does n't want them there , it 's normally the case that an employer can walk in and say `` clean our your desk '' ( in practice , this probably amounts to them being paid some sort of package , but there 's not a government-imposed legal requirement ) . 
  that makes the cost of firing someone who is n't actually performing on par with other good workers at a company higher in france -- does that mean that this makes investors uncomfortable funding a new startup in paris , worried that some lousy performers will wind up working there ? 
  * is it that there are non-salary compensation differences ? 
  france , for example , mandates a lot of vacation . 
  that does n't account for such a substantial difference -- the difference is n't proportional to the vacation time difference . 
  it 's common for software engineers to , on top of their salary to get options , bonuses , and so forth , and maybe in france the taxation on salary is severe , but the taxation on payment in the form of options is substantially-less , so the * total compensation * is flatter than it might initially appear . 
  my point is that the state should n't need to subsidize the software development industry ( though if there are positive externalities to the presence of the industry , it * might * be a good idea to do so ) . 
  the question is why there are n't people starting software companies in france to produce more demand , or if they are , why they do n't have sufficient labor demand to tend to cause average salary to equalize . 
  is it the university system ? 
  i know some ( good ) engineers who grew up in india and moved to the us who have made pretty damning statements about diploma mills back home . 
  that does n't explain why the us does n't have lots of more-evenly-distributed software development centers , though . 
  is it the costs of doing business across international lines , that if legal and other trade barriers were lowered , you 'd tend to have industry building up in other countries as well ? 
  maybe , but again , same us-only-has-a-few-major-centers issue . 
  maybe climate or disease ? 
  some places , maybe , but europe certainly does n't have major issues there . 
  worry about the political environment ? 
  when french business comes up in the news here , it 's too often things like the calais stuff or workers holding their managers hostage or whatnot , and maybe a very high premium is attached to that sort of thing showing up in the eyes of investors ? 
  i dunno , but i do think that it 's an interesting question .
