   intelligence gathered so far indicates that smugglers often leave libyan waters to point migrant boats towards europe , or even to recoup vessels later if the occupants are rescued at sea . 
  according to a source cited by dpa , the expanded mission would allow special forces to board boats and apprehend smugglers , with a view to them being prosecuted in italy . 
  migrants onboard the vessels will be brought to italy , while the boats will be sunk or towed back to the mainland for destruction . 
  i 'm assuming that this is only within european territorial waters . 
  i wonder how viable it is to drop off small motorboats outside of territorial waters and boat in , or if that 's far out enough that it 'd be too dangerous for ( inexpensive ) boat usage . 
  was that previously being proposed as part of the ttip negotiations ? 
  i understand that eating pork is generally-considered to be permitted in islam in sufficiently-dire situations . 
  same thing as most other prohibitions in mainstream religions . 
  also : * i 'm still not convinced that the wire fence in hungary will work long term . 
  * i 'm sure that a big factor is that it can just encourage people to take an open route through croatia . 
  that 's not an option for germany , since , except for people transiting through to sweden , germany is a target country . 
  * hungary 's border with serbia is a lot smaller than germany 's border around , well ... around the whole country . 
   does germany even have that level of force projection ? 
  turkey is nato , right next to syria , and syria is off the med , not on the other side of the world . 
  come on . 
  if germany truly wanted to , yes , it could support military action in syria . 
  crossing illegally from serbia into hungary is a criminal act under hungarian law . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hetalia:_axis_powers obviously polandball is superior , though . 
  i have been very unimpressed with wsws.org in the past . 
  in this article , the attempt to draw parallels to current-day politics and stir up emotion from the nazi era is pretty weak . 
   `` the judges do not get a percentage of the final award , that is absolutely not the case '' , said a commission official . 
  ... well ... yes . 
  why would anyone propose establishing a court where this was the case ? 
   the syrian government considers all armed groups fighting to topple assad to be terrorists . 
  while i admit that i laughed my way through a good chunk of the article , i have to admit that we 've certainly abused the `` terrorist '' classification ourselves to a pretty extreme degree . 
   allegedly , there 's a secret treaty that stipulates every chancellor has to sign something that basically requires him/her to be a puppet of the us gov ` t. 
  also , allegedly german media is under us control until 2099 . 
  and third , all german gold reserves are impounded by the allied powers . 
  god dammit , i thought that the subliminal training inserted into your primary schools was supposed to create a mental block preventing talking about that . 
  i think in the context of / u/broesly 's comment that `` eu '' can with equal validity refer to the collection of member states . 
  it 's not the establishment in brussels , necessarily , that 's at issue . 
  all right , fair enough . 
  i * would * point out that comments from one person are different from adopted government policy , but that certainly is on the fringe . 
  downvoted to somewhere south of -5 for saying that ttip is n't going to eat babies . 
  guys , even if you think that ttip * is * going to eat your babies , `` downvote is not disagree '' and all that . 
  i do n't really think that the rest of the eu members wanted the potential liability . 
  it 'd be very easy to send ships over and pull as many people as are desired out of those countries and process them anywhere else in europe , or even to pull them in directly from turkey . 
  well , if you 're dead-set on having europe do so , i imagine that portugal could send a ship over and take some of the people . 
  i 'd imagine that these migrants would rather be in portugal than serbia . 
  i imagine that you could say , `` but the us is n't doing so either ! '', 
  yeah , but i 'm also not criticizing the countries getting hit with a huge influx of illegal immigration or advocating that the us go to war against those countries . 
  https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/invasion  noun   invasion ( plural invasions )   1 . 
  a military action consisting of armed forces of one geopolitical entity entering territory controlled by another such entity , generally with the objective of conquering territory or altering the established government . 
  the entry without consent of an individual or group into an area where they are not wanted . 
  ( an invasion of mobile phones , an invasion of bees , an invasion of foreign tourists ) it is an invasion , but only in the second , non-military sense . 
   edit : the following migrants already avoiding the hungarian border , protester 's number is not expected to rise . 
  ah , serbia bussing people to croatia . 
  fair-enough , good point . 
  as long as the kid does n't * die * , if it results in him getting asylum , it probably statistically does increase his chances of being better-off . 
   liberalism and globalism are the biggest cancer of the human race i disagree . 
  [ widespread trade and development of industry is one of the greatest contributors to eliminating global poverty that the world has seen . 
  ] ( http://www.economist.com/news/leaders/21578665-nearly-1-billion-people-have-been-taken-out-extreme-poverty-20-years-world-should-aim ), 
   the people that came to europe for a better situation are n't the problem , the only problem are the ones that feel they are entitled to go wherever they please and wo n't accept help from a `` lesser '' country . 
  well , the people who accept staying in greece/italy/etc are n't directly a problem for you , but i 'm pretty sure that they 're a problem for those countries . 
   their mind is full of conspiracy theories , lies and emotions . 
  not sure that reddit is a paragon here either . 
   a lot of people in the us are astounded , that previously all of these migrants were being let through with no security checks . 
  of course , we 're probably the most paranoid country when it comes to potential terrorist threats . 
  we have some of the most-porous borders in the world , both to the north and the south . 
  long , low population density , mostly-unpatrolled . 
  i do n't agree . 
   eu needs to declare war on the v4 countries for enforcing their border laws ? 
   even more scary to think our politicians want the same i doubt that . 
  i 'd say that your politicians want the political currency from saying that they 've extended a generous offer and do n't want to take the hit from withdrawing it . 
  what they do n't want is huge numbers of people actually taking them up on it , or they 'd be shipping people up to sweden -- jordan and turkey and lebanon would be more-than-enthusiastic to participate . 
   and hell , i might even get shot . 
  you 're very unlikely to get shot , at least in the us , if all you did was run across the border as a lone individual . 
  i suspect that the same is also true of the russian or argentine borders , though i admit that i do n't have any familiarity with them . 
  kids heal , but they might have only one shot to immigrate to wealthy european countries . 
  resigning yourself to your kids living in a third world country might be not caring about them . 
  still a little too soon for us to talk about that . 
  i assume that , politically , a flood of migrants showing up at the hungarian border is just about the best possible thing that could have happened for him . 
  i 'm sure that croatia is just enthralled . 
  i realize that it can happen , but it is n't getting them past the fence . 
  okay , i 'm going to delve a bit into speculation about what people are thinking . 
  not that much hard evidence , but ... other than just general angstiness about the fact that the officers are preventing them from reaching sweden/germany , they 've got no beef with the cops . 
  they just want to force past them . 
  wire cutters would do that , but molotov cocktails would n't . 
  in , say , the greek riots , cops made for a convenient thing for protesters to vent their anger at government officials on : they were the immediately-available face of the government being sent out . 
  so a bunch of people pissed off that government officials stole a bunch of public funds go out , beat up on the protective-gear-clad cops for a while . 
  the most-aggressive ones get arrested , and anger relieved , the masses go back home ; no government officials get beat up on and the rioters do n't go out and burn buildings . 
  here , you 've got people thinking about different ways to try to beat the border . 
  most of those people are n't actually doing something . 
  they 're waiting for a few migrants to break the line and create an opportunity . 
  they 're waiting for that , so that they can start a rush through . 
  that 's pragmatic . 
  once the flow starts then , they 've got the critical mass to keep surging through . 
  yeah , there were a couple of bottles tossed , but i 'd think that the motivation is pretty different . 
  the thing these guys want is the opportunity to bypass the border , along with anything actually blocking them , not to beat up on the hungarian government . 
  if a family saved up and spent a big chunk of the family savings to send young ahmed off to germany or sweden with the intent that he be able to earn money and bring over the rest of the family , if he admits defeat and stays in serbia , he 's seriously let his parents and everyone in his family down . 
  so to him , letting that fence stop him represents having failed his whole family . 
  only way to avoid that is to get past that fence . 
  he 's not going to just work off a little anger and then go back home . 
  after the event today , he 's likely to cell phone an update back home and start trying to figure out how to head north again . 
  does n't do his family any good for him to say `` i tossed a firebomb at a cop '' . 
  i do n't think that there 's that much risk to the cops compared to the greek situation . 
  if there 's general beat-stuff-up-and-destroy-stuff-in-rage riots , it 's going to be when someone gets to germany or wherever and is told that they 're actually going to be deported , like that somalian guy a while back ... which is why germany wo n't tell people * en masse * , but individually . 
  maybe if a lot of unemployed people sit around getting angrier about their situation and conversations with each other feeding it , like some of the conditions that workers would have around the turn of the last century . 
  it wo n't be people who are just hoping to break through a fence with an eye to making it to the promised land . 
  that 's not hypocritical , as it would be compatible with this .
