  if that 's the case , you might get people coming in , clear-cutting any timber , and then simply leaving . 
  that would n't really achieve a russian bulwark against china . 
  still does kinda suffer from title gore ... 
  i 'm not : / u/tallgreek made a [ broader statement ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ewn1j/immigration_megathread_part_ii/ctjvy47 ) , that people who come from a third world country at all do n't have a place in the western world . 
  well : * the federalists would like it , because it would be armies working together to solve common eu problems . 
  * it would be the uk funding something that is primarily a uk concern ; i guess that is good in that it avoids expecting france to do so out of the goodness of its heart . 
  * it seems like it has some potential for political explosion . 
  as i 've said before , one of my big concerns with use of the military in calais is that the military ( as a whole -- i 've no idea what mps are like ) is not trained to operate as police -- to control a situation and limit escalation . 
  anything that could be interpreted as bad behavior on the part of the british military provides a big fat target for any political groups in france who are unhappy about british behavior . 
  supposing , for example , that two soldiers wrestle someone to the ground and in the scuffle , someone is killed . 
  the safety of that person is , politically , france 's responsibility . 
  that seems awkward for both parties , and likely to be divisive . 
  well , you 're here talking , and i 'm here talking , and we 're both pretty-visibly doing so . 
  if the single-thread format limits visibility , it has n't stopped me or you from reading and discussion the issue . 
  i do n't think that it 's fair to lump up the position of sd or every other group with every moderator action here , though . 
  from my outside standpoint , the block-the-sd situation seems kind of objectionable , and not something that i 'd much like ( though i 'm certainly no expert in swedish politics ) . 
  and it 's true that i ca n't really think of any big discussion here that could serve as an example or counter-example supporting the idea that the mods would block any discussion that involves race . 
  however , i 've had discussion ( that includes the moderators here -- they also take part in discussions ) specifically on the present immigration situation , and they do n't seem to be particularly radical one way or the other , or in trying to enforce views on the immigration dispute . 
  i 've suggested that the eu might be better-off withdrawing from un treaties to permit housing people seeking refugee status in a restricted location , like an island . 
  that 's a pretty strong anti-immigration proposal , and i do n't see the moderators blocking that . 
  i 've also said that i think that it 's almost always a good idea to let in highly-skilled immigrants . 
  that seems like a pretty-strong pro-immigration proposal , and i do n't see the moderators blocking that . 
  i * have * seen people on this forum advocating that anti-immigration positions should n't have a voice , but not moderators . 
  that 's not to say that the moderators are n't radical on their own set of things -- for example , / u/dclauzel is hellbent on advocating the use of french -- but as far as i can tell , they 're really predominantly interested in ensuring a viable forum format . 
  they could delete all immigration comments and submissions , but that has n't happened ... and really , if someone were dead-set against discussion of immigration , rather than in trying to find some way to keep the forum format working , that 's what i 'd expect to have happen . 
  < shrug  well , that 's a different matter . 
  you 're saying that you believe that the moderators here see the immigration dispute as fundamentally being a discussion about race and views on race , and one that thus can not be had ? 
  that because the bulk of the immigrants in the current dispute are black africans , and thus that the question of their immigration can make use of a racial criteria , that discussion on the subject of immigration is unacceptable ? 
  that this is what is driving the unification into a single thread ? 
   the indians going abroad are n't from the `` third world '' parts of india well , i 'm not sure that there 's such a clear break , but i agree with you that to the extent that lines are drawn , generally-speaking folks from india that i 've worked with in the us have come from a more-well-to-do background . 
   and no i would not exclude these people , if anything they should stay in their home countries where their expertise is of more use . 
  my belief is that someone with , for example , medical or engineering knowledge could provide a greater return on their knowledge in a wealthier area ; you can measure that by their potential income . 
  i 'd expect it to be bounded by the return that they are providing , and income would be higher in wealthy nations . 
  i would also think that it would be in the interest of my own country to admit skilled people where their labor is in demand domestically where at all possible , since it is the lack of the availability of that labor that bounds economic output of the country . 
  note that this is not the same as mass unskilled immigration , as is presently an issue in europe . 
  [ one blog post on the subject that i like was written by a hardware engineer ] ( http://www.bunniestudios.com/blog/?p=157 ) whose work i follow : he has made a few products of interest to me , was on the original team that broke the x-box 's drm scheme , and has written some other interesting material . 
  his take is more-or-less in line with my own take on the matter . 
  the united states could greatly benefit from pulling in talented and skilled people from wherever in the world it can obtain them ; it would be passing by a wonderful opportunity to get ahold of skilled immigrants vanish . 
  furthermore , let us even assume that i am wrong , and that these skilled immigrants would be more-productive were they prevented from emmigrating to the united states and instead confined to india . 
  would it not still be in the interests of my country , were it acting as a self-interested entity , to take them ? 
  to brain-drain them and incorporate them into itself as much as possible ? 
  i agree -- i was saying that the mods are generally pro-eu and , if anything , generally in favor of a stronger eu . 
  the anti-eu users that i was talking about are , i 'd think , more nationalistic . 
  but the mods are not placing all anti-eu discussion in a single thread , nor have they blocked anti-eu voices . 
  that makes me believe that they do not simply object to nationalist voices . 
  hmm . 
  india has widespread poverty , and yet it is a strong source of h1-b skilled labor work visas to the us , people who ultimately become citizens . 
  i 've been favorably-impressed with people who i have worked with who have come from india . 
  it is true that that these folks are not from a cross-section of india -- these are typically well-to-do and educated people , not just people yanked off a small farm somewhere -- but they are the sort of folks that i would call a great asset to the united states . 
  would you exclude these , or is it the individual 's education/wealth/background , rather than the country of origin , that is at issue ? 
  third world in what sense ? 
  the [ traditional meaning of the word ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/third_world ) , not being aligned with either the soviet or nato blocs ? 
  or the casual meaning of simply being a poor country ? 
  edit : the former definition would mean that sweden and finland have no place in western society ; the latter that people from mexico and central america have no place in the us . 
  all right , i can see that being more plausible . 
  however , i would point out that the mods regularly see discussion from people who are opposed to the eu . 
  i believe that / u/didijustobama is anti-eu . 
  there are a number of british posters who are opposed to the eu . 
  i see some euroskeptic dutch users , who describe concern about the degree of german influence within the eu . 
  none of these have content critical of a federal eu treated the same way as immigration is ; if the driving force were opposition to nationalism , and the intent to censor , then i 'd expect them to treat anything driven by nationalism in the same way . 
  that does n't seem to me to have happened . 
  generally-speaking , my position is that if someone understands something , it should be possible to give a brief summary , to give a general idea of the thing . 
  i do n't really want to read a whole website , just to have a basic definition . 
  / u/arudas [ said that ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3ewn1j/immigration_megathread_part_ii/ctju9vz#ctju9vz ) cultural marxism is nationalism preventing class consciousness from arising . 
  that does n't seem to fit well with my take on the situation ( for the reasons i described in my response to him ) . 
  is my understanding of his definition more-or-less what you 're saying ? 
  so / u/daniel _ km is saying that the moderators of this sub are nationalist , and this is driving a desire to squash discussion about immigration ? 
  that seems kind of implausible to me ; what i 've seen of the mods seems to be euro-centric , if anything . 
  also , typically i get the vague impression that people with a strong sense of nationalism are often also people who are concerned about immigration ( perhaps because they do not want to have their nation diluted or modified ) . 
  the only boat example for the us is cuba , where the us has the [ wet feet , dry feet ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wet_feet,_dry_feet_policy ) policy . 
  however , the us-cuba situation is also more-than-a-little different from the europe-africa situation . 
  honestly , while i do want there to be available discussion on immigration , i do n't really see a stickied , top-of-the-page discussion as being invisible . 
  it might be a bad format : i think that people saying that it makes sense for one-off events have a good point . 
  but anyone interested can view the discussion , and anyone who wants to avoid it can avoid the discussion . 
  surely you 'd agree that the moderators were not trying to suppress discussion of the greek situation by creating a megathread for it ? 
  what is `` cultural marxism '' ? 
   meh , treason is treason . 
  https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/18/2381  18 u.s. code \u00a7 2381 - treason   whoever , owing allegiance to the united states , levies war against them ** or adheres to their enemies , giving them aid and comfort within the united states or elsewhere ** , is guilty of treason and shall suffer death , or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $ 10,000 ; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the united states . 
  are journalists the enemies of the united states ? 
  the eu certainly has the economy to fight and win a conventional war against russia . 
  it even probably has the * spending * today at the lower-percentage-of-gdp eu levels , unless it messes up badly . 
  it 's less-clear to me whether europe has a sufficient nuclear deterrent to ward off a preemptive attack . 
  currently , as long as russia could identify the location of one french and one british submarine at sea ( whose locations are * supposed * to not be identifiable ) , or otherwise knock them out , as far as i know , it could knock out the entire eu nuclear arsenal before a response would be possible . 
  that 's not to say that there are n't very strong reasons for russia * not * to engage in nuclear war with the eu even if it could `` win '' -- many , many countries refrain from engaging in wars that they could `` win '' due to the cost of that victory -- but having mad available is a helpful insurance policy . 
  it 's also less-clear to me -- and perhaps i do the eu a disservice -- whether there 's the political will in all eu members to go to war if need be , were it isolated , and i think that the largest concerns from the baltic states and poland tend to center around a question of `` would aid actually * come * in the event of a conflict '' ? 
  canada and the us provide a terrific defense-in-depth . 
  that being said , i agree with you that in all these cases , the situation today is also very different from the situation that was present when nato was created , and realistically , the eu * could * form an eu military or a coalition of militaries that would be sufficient to deal with any military issues that it is likely to run into for a long time . 
  it also has the technology to avoid the preemptive strike risk that i described earlier . 
  the us has , i think , much less reason to be concerned about russia than in an era when russia was trying to generate global revolution , or where a conventional takeover of europe was practical . 
  on the other hand , ten years ago , i also would not have predicted that russia would have lopped off chunks of two neighboring countries today . 
  usenet has some really nice benefits . 
  it 's got an open protocol without reddit 's usage restrictions , so people can make large-scale extensions to the system . 
  it 's got good search engines indexing it . 
  there are good native clients that are wonderful for people who want to extend their experience ( res is a pale shadow of what native usenet clients can do ) . 
  it 's an open protocol , and nobody `` owns '' it . 
  it 's also got some major limitations . 
  vote information does n't exist ( and even extensions to provide it would run the risk of hitting privacy issues ) , and helps me find interesting material . 
  it fundamentally exposes a lot of information on posters , like their geographical location . 
  it does n't let people delete posts ( not that reddit truly does either , but it allows a better facimile than usenet ) . 
  it does n't have `` top '' or other sort styles .
