  * dust covers up solar cells . 
  that means some mechanism to keep them clear ( this is what killed at least one of our mars rovers ) , and its maintenance . 
  * pv does n't spit out energy on demand , as you point out -- while it can augment coal , if you just want to use pv , you need an immense amount of power storage . 
  i remember being enthusiastic myself about pumped hydroelectric storage until a few people more-familiar with the field explained the kind of capacity that would be required for a nation to fully use it -- it 's not realistic today . 
  additionally , for the distributed case , you have more storage infrastructure . 
  * i doubt that even if pv winds up becoming competitive sans subsidies , that distributed will be what takes off outside of very remote installations , where the cost of the transfer infrastructure is large . 
  you are n't going to want to dust off and replace and haul cells up to a roof and maintain storage capacity any more than you want to grow your own vegetables , and transmission loss just is n't all that big . 
  it 's just hard to compete with having a specialist handle that . 
   as the field advances we are quite clearly moving towards a decentralised future . 
  certainly there are a lot of enthusiasts for pv power ( and vertical farms , re : my above bit about the non-viability of distributed farming ) . 
  my bet is going to be on traditional power sources for at least quite a while to come , on wind over solar for renewable , and for centralized production even where solar is used , but hey , we 'll see . 
  i was intentionally avoiding trying to judge them qualitatively in the submission , though i do think that rt has a pretty heavy-handed agenda relative to the bbc . 
  additionally , the bbc has some degree of internal separation between the domestic and international wings ( i think that their international service needs to be self-funding , unlike their domestic service ) , and finally , they have policies to provide for journalistic independence . 
  that being said , it 's easy to claim journalistic independence and internal separations and mean very little , so ... < shrug  i did n't want to try to evaluate and list this . 
  i do think that the bbc simply tends to pick up british cultural influence -- for example , if i read * the economist * , it tends to slam gun rights , because that 's just what a lot of brits do , not because it 's pushed to do so . 
  also , rfe/rl 's not an angel either , and it clearly is looking for material that reflects negatively on russia . 
  on the other hand , rfe/rl has n't done anything nearly as sketchy as rt 's mh-17-ukranian-fighter-shootdown string of stories , so ... 
  ever seen the [ * the empire that was russia * ] ( http://www.loc.gov/exhibits/empire/ ) exhibit of pre-world-war-i color photography of russia ? 
  about two thousand color shots . 
  i 'm sure that there have been people traveling under that wire , quite-likely including the people shown . 
  i 'm just pointing out that this particular photograph is posed . 
  `` liberation '' is certainly used as a euphemism , or at least an abused term ( and that goes way , way back and is n't specific to the us ) , but `` winning their hearts and minds '' means what it says . 
   cctv is not the state chinese media ? 
  it is . 
  to plug my submission , i recently [ did a quick summary of the major state media sources ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3immq6/a_glance_at_state_international_media_sources/ ) describing how-clearly they disclose their backing states . 
  good point !, 
  that 's a blockquote , and the author 's next sentence is `` it seems safe to assume that the 200 million scenario simply wo n't happen ... '', 
  nice article . 
  facts , no emotional appeal one way or the other , explicitly lists things that the author is uncertain about , and links to arguments made in opposition . 
  additionally , sweden has promised permanent residency to all syrians who apply . 
  denmark has not , so it 's entirely-possible that they will only be permitted to live in denmark until the conflict is wrapped up , then sent back to syria . 
   that is the thing with < people-of-a-political-persuasion  , they have < negative-mental-characteristic  . 
  i think that people tend to use phrases of that format more-frequently than is actually warranted . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
   why do that when you can just invest in decentralised energy independence instead ? 
  i doubt that decentralized energy production is going to be competitive in the near future . 
  its win is on transfer loss ( which is n't huge ) and maintaining the transfer infrastructure . 
  its win is on cheaper maintenance ( you do n't have to have a swarm of maintenance people driving all over the place ) , easier upgrades/improvements , and economy of scale . 
  to put this in a more-approachable form -- you * could * engage in small-scale farming by your house to grow your own food . 
  but people do n't do that , because it 's just a lot more-efficient to have a specialist handle this on a large farm somewhere and then transport the food to you . 
  and just as that specialization and scale is a win for food , well ... so for energy . 
  in fact , i can think of few forms of production where we really did wind up going the decentralized route . 
  heating -- mostly we distribute electricity , gas , or oil rather than heat , aside from a few lingering large-scale steam heating systems . 
  document production , via printers . 
   how i want and wait for times when oil and natural gas are less important and insignificant . 
  you just built the [ only lng terminal in the area ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/klaip%c4%97da_lng_fsru ) , and it 's capable of handling most of the baltic region 's demands . 
  lots of people wanting to use gas would be great for you . 
  unless eu members had a real promise of subsidies in the form of transit fees , does n't it make more sense to have a more-competitive transit market ? 
  and if they * were * going to get a subsidy , would n't it make more sense to just directly subsidize them ? 
  well , it switches between a couple of borders , but , yes , none are war zones . 
   into a war zone . 
  or you can stay in hungary . 
  all that hungary is refusing is to let people illegally travel into germany ; the article author is phrasing it as if it 's some intolerable action . 
   are you fucking serious ? 
  yes . 
   are you stupid or something ? 
  i do n't think so . 
   try that line but replace it with , `` well , they could always ask to be killed . '', 
  thanks for the radical freedom , sartre . 
  you 're right that i do n't expect most people to prefer syria to hungary , but you also ca n't substitute the false dichotomy of `` syria or illegal passage to sweden '' for the reality of `` syria , trying to illegally move into germany and thence to sweden , or * apply for asylum in hungary * '' . 
   this is not even an answer , you 're basically just saying you want to ignore human suffering . 
  the legal , appropriate route is for a refugee to apply for asylum in the country that they have arrived in . 
  these people are not at the border to get asylum from syrian wars . 
  they can get that by registering for asylum in hungary or any prior country . 
  they want permanent residency in the eu and in a wealthy country . 
  to get to sweden and sweden 's guarantee of permanent residency , they need to pass out of hungary and into germany . 
  hungary is not letting them do that . 
  now , if they wanted to say `` i 'd rather have permanent residency in sweden '' , i completely understand that , but hungary is under absolutely no obligation whatsoever to facilitate or permit them to do that : they 've already reached safety for the duration of the war . 
   jfc , why is invasion the only thing you can think of to help the refugees ? 
  you 're kind of skipping the more obvious step of helping the fucking refugees . 
  because syria is not stable , hence the war refugee status . 
  it would be possible to come in and squash the fighting , but that would probably entail an invasion . 
   irrelevant since no one 's talking about that . 
  the author is : the author is complaining that they should be allowed to illegally pass out of hungary and on towards sweden . 
  the author is not * phrasing * the article that way , because she is trying to give a different impression to make an emotional appeal . 
   what kind of life do you imagine is involved in living in a fenced and bordered off refugee camp ? 
  it 's not , `` living in a poorer country , '' it 's living in a fucking refugee camp genius . 
  with no economic opportunity , no real services , no basic anything , no freedom of movement . 
  unless hungary or other european countries withdraw from the 1951 refugee convention , which i think there is a reasonable argument for , anyone who applies for and is granted asylum may not be confined to a camp -- they are guaranteed freedom of movement and labor . 
  granted , their standard of living would be limited to what hungary has to offer by way of employment , but hungarians live with that . 
   why do people think it 's so cool to act like a fucking soulless sociopath ? 
  i do n't think that you 've got a full picture of the situation there . 
  the article was written to cause a reader to mis-perceive the situation without * actually * crossing the line into making explicit false claims , so i can sympathize , if you 've not been following the situation closely . 
  what you have is a situation where sweden promised that if syrians made it to sweden , they would be granted permanent residency . 
  this is immensely-valuable -- many people would like it , and syria is much poorer than sweden -- so many people have been trying to illegally trek to sweden . 
  sweden has not attempted to facilitate this in any way , like setting up ships to move syrians to sweden . 
  this * might * be because they had n't quite anticipated the degree of the response . 
  however , the net result is that many people are illegally moving across europe to try to reach sweden . 
  sweden has not requested that these people 's movement be facilitated -- i.e. 
  sweden would probably rather not pay the massive bill that 's now been run up ( not that i * blame * sweden , mind ) . 
  what hungary and similar countries are doing is requiring that these people register as refugees in their country if they want refugee status . 
  this is in line with the 1951 refugee convention -- having reached hungary and a safe area , sweden can disallow them from requesting asylum in sweden . 
  these people do not want to live in hungary , because ( a ) hungary is poorer and ( b ) hungary is not offering permanent residency . 
  it 's entirely-possible that the war ends , and then they must return to syria ; this would not be the case if sweden granted permanent residency . 
  if you are unhappy with the situation and want more immigration it seems to me that that there is a limited amount of blame you can place . 
  i only really see three informed , legitimate complaints that you could make : * you can say that sweden should be shipping anyone who wants to come over from syria , having made the promise that is causing the problems across europe . 
  i think that sweden is perhaps a bit to blame , but also that it 's not realistic to expect sweden to do this . 
  * you can say that hungary should simply facilitate illegal immigration through europe to sweden . 
  this is at least as bad as above , plus breaking eu agreements . 
  * you can say that hungary should grant permanent residence , instead of just asylum .
