  only during the imperial crisis of the 1760s and 70s did the colonists begin to refer to themselves as americans . 
    there was certainly no real nation in 1776 ; and not even a semblance of a real national government . 
  indeed , americans had no experience being a nation or running a central government . 
  `` prior to the revolution , '' john jay later recalled , `` we had little occasion to inquire or know much about national affairs . 
  war and peace , alliances and treaties , and commerce and navigation were conducted and regulated without our advice or control . '' running a nation in a world of other nations had to be learned on the fly . 
    at the outset the united states lacked nearly all of the symbols of a real nation , one that had the respect of the civilized world . 
  it had no flag , no great seal , no rites , no rituals , no ceremonies , no emblems of nationhood . 
  the american commissioner in france , silas deane , was embarrassed that the declaration of independence arrived without proper authentication by a national  seal , the use of seals , said deane , being `` a very ancient custom '' in europe . 
  unsure that it was dealing with a real nation-state , france in 1778 asked that `` the thirteen united states of north america '' individually ratify the  commercial treaty and the military alliance that had been negotiated in paris . 
    the new government 's only semblance of a national symbol was the number  thirteen . 
  indeed , the thirteen separate states that revolted in 1776 were  what commanded people 's loyalties . 
  a man 's country was his state , whether it was virginia or pennsylvania or massachusetts . 
  since there was no definition of national citizenship until the fourteenth amendment passed in the aftermath of the civil war , people were citizens of a particular state , which is what made them citizens of the united states . 
    americans today are remarkably mobile and are apt to think of their home state as simply one administrative unit among many . 
  consequently , it is hard for even americans today to realize how emotionally important the states were to people of the early republic . 
  citizens of virginia and massachusetts had 150 years of provincial history to sustain their loyalty to their respective states  . 
  against that experience the new united states could scarcely compete . 
  ** the problem is similar to that of creating a sense of europeanness today  against the loyalty people feel toward their respective nations in europe . 
  **   the initial central authority was very weak . 
  indeed , the continental congress was not really a governmental body at all . 
  john adams termed the massachusetts delegation in the continental congress `` our embassy . '' the congress was a delegation of embassies from each colony ( `` a diplomatic assembly , '' adams called it ) brought together by the exigency of events in 1774 . 
    it bore no resemblance to a legislature ; instead , it was a gathering of separate , individual states to solve some common problems , similar , as its  name indicates , to the congress of vienna of 1815 . 
  the declaration of independence drawn up by the continental congress emphasized the sovereignty of the individual states , proclaiming that as `` free and independent states they have full power to levy war , conclude peace , contract alliances , establish commerce , and to do all the other things which independent states  may of right do . '' at the outset the united states of america had a literal  plural meaning that has since been lost . 
    these independent states were very different from one another . 
  it was their  common language and their common english heritage that made them seem alike . 
  except for that common language and heritage , they were almost as different from one another as the eighteenth-century european states were from one another . 
  puritan massachusetts with its small farms and its pervasive sense of equality had very little in common with the aristocratic and slaveholding colony of virginia , where 40 percent of the population was composed of african slaves . 
    inevitably , these thirteen states , if they were to successfully fight great britain , the greatest power in the world , would have to have some sort of union . 
  hence they created the articles of confederation by signing a treaty . 
  the confederation was not a state ; it was a `` league of friendship , '' a `` treaty of confederation '' of separate and independent states , very similar to the present-day european union . 
  even getting the states to agree to this union was difficult , and it was not ratified by all the states until march  1781 , three years after the treaty of alliance with france was signed and  only six months before the battle of yorktown that effectively ended the  war . 
    consequently , during the war the states assumed powers that presumably  belonged to only the confederation congress , including waging war , laying embargoes , and even in some cases carrying on separate diplomatic correspondence and negotiations abroad . 
  under such circumstances it was difficult for the collective entity called the united states to establish its character or reputation as a legitimate nation-state in eyes of  the world . 
  `` were it certain that the united states , could be brought to act as a nation , and would jointly and fairly conduct their commerce on principles of reciprocity with all nations , '' the american commissioners in paris negotiating the peace treaty told congress in 1783 , then good commercial relations with the rest of the world would become possible . 
    somehow after a long and bloody war this disunited and ramshackle government  defeated the british -- with considerable french aid , both financial and military . 
  it seems unlikely that the americans could have won without the aid of france . 
  certainly the clinching victory at yorktown in 1781 was essentially a french victory . 
  it was not easy for a government like that of britain an ocean away to put down an insurgency that had the support of a large proportion of the population . 
  it is a lesson that has not been well heeded by  recent american governments . 
    some americans did not want the war to end , for fear that with peace the country would fall apart . 
  it seemed that only the military cause had kept the states more or less united . 
  with the peace treaty ratified in 1783 , the various sectional rivalries emerged . 
  and talk of disunion and  the creating regional confederacies went from the privacy of  drawing rooms to the public press . 
  it was only a lot of time and unity-creation efforts from people who wanted federalism that produced the us . 
  if the eu follows the same path , it seems likely that it will encounter many of the same issues of identity . 
   both sides have nuclear weapons , making anything past a limited engagement effectively unwinnable for either side . 
  assuming that both sides have sufficient warning/weapon-hiding capability to provide a second strike . 
  otherwise , a preemptive strike might be possible . 
  i recall reading that this was one of the bigger concerns about pakistan and india both being nuclear . 
  they 're both so close that the response time is extremely low -- realistically , if either side knows where the other side 's nuclear weapons are , it can likely pull off a successful preemptive strike without a second strike hitting it back . 
  that 's a risky environment to be in , since mutually-assured destruction no longer applies to either side . 
  of course , you * could * build computers capable of immediately-initiating a counterstrike , but that risks computer bugs causing a massive catastrophe . 
   people want to go to where their life is more comfy . 
  since 80 % of the world wants to live in the same 5 cities , i wonder what will happen in a decade or so . 
  a big fat wealth transfer to people owning real estate in those cities ? 
   that 's kind of the hungarian anti-democratism . 
  aka . 
  ' i want everything to happen the way i personally see it fit ' . 
  i 'd think that that 's more-like anti-libertarianism . 
  you could have a totalitarian democracy ... at least at small scale , there are probably democratically-organized small religious communities that would qualify . 
  india had a [ rocket scientist ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a._p._j._abdul_kalam ) serving as president ( though not prime minister ) between 2002 and 2007 . 
  the us has a [ brain surgeon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ben_carson ) running for the 2016 presidency . 
  the problem is that technocrats may not have your best interests at heart . 
  they * personally * are good at understanding subject x , but a non-technocrat can consult an expert in subject x and ask for feedback from companies and the public . 
  it 's not clear to me that it 's a problem for obama not to know how , say , stem cell development works if he can ask about this . 
  elected leaders may not have your best interests at heart , but at least they have to put up a convincing approximation of doing so or else they lose their spot . 
  do n't forget [ globalresearch.ca ] ( http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-u-s-has-installed-a-neo-nazi-government-in-ukraine/5371554 ) . 
  with heavy artillery and sam launchers . 
  rewriting history is one thing : jailing people for challenging that rewrite is another . 
  i care a lot more about the latter than the former . 
  for example , erdogan might claim that muslims discovered the americas before europeans showed up , but he just looks kind of silly and maybe misinforms some of the chunks of turkey 's population . 
  but he is n't saying that anyone who proposes otherwise * is going to prison * . 
  to me , it 's the latter , the prison time , that turns the policy into a real concern . 
   probably more if you had more sane commanders , but tbh that does n't matter and it is probably good that we didnt win ww2 it 's probably good for the people that would have been on the losing side ( or those who would have been executed ) , but i think that that the german people would have been better-off having not lost world war ii . 
  but , hey , hard to know . 
   afghanistan ( and iraq ) never were aggressive against a nato state , thus the invocation of article 5 should not have happened . 
  repeating what i pointed out in another comment , iraq was not an article 5 issue . 
  several nato members were involved , but that was independent of nato membership . 
  afghanistan was . 
  now , maybe the article 5 invocation was unnecessary . 
  i do think that if you try to kill the legislature , some of the business elite , and knock out the military headquarters of a nation and then the country where these people are operating says in response `` no , we will not kill or arrest these people , nor will we permit you to do so , and we will permit them to continue doing this '' , that war is a legitimate threat to use to change that position . 
  it 's not a conventional war , but if the same thing had happened to germany , i do n't think that the us would refuse to become involved . 
   the following two wars are economicaly motivated iraq was not an article 5 requirement , which is why france did n't need to participate , and did not do so . 
  it was a us/uk/australia / poland operation . 
  it may have been a bad * idea * , but it was not something that goes hand-in-hand with nato membership . 
   it now is a power extension for the us , all other countries do not benefit from it anymore , because they are not threatened . 
  if europe truly feels this way , that it is not in european interests , my belief is that the nations of europe should withdraw from nato , effectively-ending the alliance . 
  that has always been an option available to them . 
  it is a substantial expense for the united states . 
  i am not familiar with the rationale from the us standpoint , but it * does * probably provide at least one substantial benefit to the us in that it makes a nuclear first strike against the us even less-likely , since it means that other nations would also be hit . 
  the us does n't hold much of a special status as nato goes other than via how much military it contributes and whether it 's willing to send that military on non-article-5 operations : i do n't think that it changes much by way of power than that it would have as a non-formally-allied nation that still has the ability to offer or not offer military assistance . 
  but , certainly it is the case that the threat that nato was originally-established to deal with has significantly-decreased in magnitude . 
  a rapid overrun by the ussr by ground war of all of western europe is far less-likely today than it was then . 
  it * is * something that europe ( and the us ) will have to think about , now and in the future . 
   there is only 2 countries in the world that have nukes that would n't end up totally destroying the world if they had an all out total war . 
   in spain , 70 percent said the us would help its nato allies if russia became a threat , but respondents were more divided on whether spain should do the same in such a situation . 
    almost half , ( 48 percent ) said spain should militarily defend another nato ally against russia , while 47 percent said the country should not get involved . 
  hmm . 
  i 'd be interested in a variant of the second question : `` should spain defend another nato ally against russia , * contingent upon the united states also being involved in that defense * ? '', 
  that is , do spaniards simply want the us to do fighting but be unwilling themselves ( which is what the immediate implication of the article is ) * or * do spaniards not want spain to risk being stuck in a one-on-one situation with russia ?
