  hmm . 
  what we call a `` debit card '' in the us is not pubkey-based , and can not be -- it 's got no onboard circuitry to perform signing . 
  i have a credit card that is * also * a smartcard , but the `` credit card '' portion , like `` debit cards '' , consists of nothing more than a magnetic strip and a printed number , and the smartcard ( which has almost zero support in the us ) is just called a `` smartcard '' . 
  there 's a second ( smaller ) issue in that even smartcards lack : * a trusted display * trusted pin entry in the past , people have put fake fronts on atms in sketchy areas ( a bigger concern in third-world countries , as i understand it ) to skim debit/credit card numbers via reading the magnetic strip and taking pictures of the pin entry . 
  doing a fake atm is a risk with any type of card . 
  however , if you 're using your phone , ( a ) unlike a fake atm , it can not display a charge for $ 5 and actually charge $ 500 , and ( b ) unlike a fake atm or atm with a skimmer , it never gets sufficient information to perform a transaction itself ( since the privkey never becomes visible or leaves your phone ) . 
   secondly i was n't referring to conservative values , i was referring more about how swedes are reluctant to change the status quo . 
  sure , i understand -- i just could n't pass up the opportunity when a sentence like that showed up . 
  well , specifically in europe and north america . 
  [ nato : official text : the north atlantic treaty , 04-apr-1949 ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/official_texts_17120.htm ) :  the parties agree that an armed attack against one or more of them in europe or north america shall be considered an attack against them all and consequently they agree that , if such an armed attack occurs , each of them , in exercise of the right of individual or collective self-defence recognised by article 51 of the charter of the united nations , will assist the party or parties so attacked by taking forthwith , individually and in concert with the other parties , such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force , to restore and maintain the security of the north atlantic area . 
  russia tried re-acquiring finland in the world war ii era . 
  would the motivations have stopped existing since that time ? 
   such as that that only the us military is capable of providing while i do think highly of the us military , i do not think that this statement is true . 
  i * do * think that other european countries , or even just the eu alone , are , if combined and if acting effectively , capable of fighting and winning a conventional war against russia . 
  it might be more-difficult , but as long as the political will is there , the manpower and funding are present . 
  and while russia is increasing its military spending , i do not think that it can sustainably match the eu ( again , assuming political will within the eu ) . 
   how many nato countries do you think would suddenly be facing internal discontent ? 
  < shrug  the us wound up fighting chinese forces in korea and soviet air forces in vietnam . 
  i 'd think that finland would matter at least as much as korea or vietnam . 
  i 'd personally prefer to see finland join , but i do n't see how nato membership addresses this :  russia could leverage political and economic pressure to get what they want . 
  for example , why did the finnish government suddenly agree to buy a nuclear plant from russia , knowing all we know about russia ? 
  nato is just a military organization . 
  it will fight back if members are attacked . 
  short of military conflict , there is n't anything that it can do to really counter political and economic pressure . 
  the eu might ( though membership again creates no * obligation * to do so ) , but finland is already in the eu . 
  agreements that happen to also tend to involve a large chunk of nato members might be produced , as happened with the sanctions against russia in the wake of ukraine , but nato itself is not in any position to create that sort of pressure , and members are n't under any obligations to participate in sanctions as a condition of membership . 
   however the us pushed for it to go to the post-soviet baltic states the baltics asked for membership . 
   as now three nations which they used to own have joined an alliance with their economic/political rivals i think that eu membership is much more-meaningful from an economic standpoint ; nato 's a purely-military organization . 
   during the end of the cold war , the nato alliance was only supposed to be extended up to germany nato 's [ russia 's accusations -- setting the record straight ] ( http://www.nato.int/cps/en/natolive/topics_109141.htm ) page :  russian officials claim that us and german officials promised in 1990 that nato would not expand into eastern and central europe , build military infrastructure near russia 's borders or permanently deploy troops there . 
    ** no such pledge was made ** , and no evidence to back up russia 's claims has ever been produced . 
  should such a promise have been made by nato as such , it would have to have been as a formal , written decision by all nato allies . 
  furthermore , the consideration of enlarging nato came years after german reunification . 
  this issue was not yet on the agenda when russia claims these promises were made . 
    allegations about nato pledging not to build infrastructure close to russia are equally inaccurate . 
  in the founding act , nato reiterated `` * in the current and foreseeable security environment , the alliance will carry out its collective defence and other missions by ensuring the necessary interoperability , integration , and capability for reinforcement rather than by additional permanent stationing of substantial combat forces . 
  accordingly , it will have to rely on adequate infrastructure commensurate with the above tasks . 
  in this context , reinforcement may take place , when necessary , in the event of defence against a threat of aggression and missions in support of peace consistent with the united nations charter and the osce governing principles , as well as for exercises consistent with the adapted cfe treaty , the provisions of the vienna document 1994 and mutually agreed transparency measures . 
  * ''   nato has indeed supported the upgrading of military infrastructure , such as air bases , in the countries which have joined the alliance , commensurate with the requirements for reinforcement and exercises . 
  however , the only combat forces permanently stationed on the territory of the new members are their own armed forces . 
    even before the ukraine crisis , the only routinely visible sign of alliance forces in the new members were the nato jets used in the baltic states for the air policing mission . 
  these minimal defensive assets can not be described as substantial combat forces in the meaning of the founding act . 
    since the crisis , nato has taken steps to increase situational awareness and bolster the defences of our eastern members . 
  this , too , is entirely consistent with the founding act and is a direct result of russia 's destabilizing military actions . 
    finally , the act also states , `` * russia will exercise similar restraint in its conventional force deployments in europe * . '' russia 's aggression against ukraine is a flagrant breach of this commitment , as is its unilateral suspension of compliance with the cfe treaty . 
  member countries have the right to leave ( with a one-year notice ) nato . 
  the only country to do anything like this that i 'm aware of , though , [ was france ] ( http://www.rpfrance-otan.org/france-and-nato ) , which stopped participating in the integrated command portion for a time . 
  this was n't a withdrawal , and this is not a requirement of nato membership -- france was still required to defend other nato members and other nato members to defend france , but france had her armies operate independently from other members . 
  i do n't think that this has been a real problem to date . 
   swedes dislike change for some reason . 
  i know , seriously -- i do n't know * what * it is with sweden always insisting on conservative social values . 
  the author has quite a collection of slate articles : `` we are the propagandists : the real story about how the new york times and the white house has turned truth in the ukraine on its head '' `` big banks run everything : austerity , the imf and the real story about world economy that the media wo n't tell you '' `` america on memorial day : heavily armed , dangerous , unstable '' `` john kerry admits defeat : the ukraine story the media wo n't tell , and why u.s. retreat is a good thing '' `` seymour hersh vs. judy miller : the truth about bin laden 's death -- and the anonymous government sources the new york times is delighted to print as `` truth '' '' `` the new york times does its government 's bidding : here 's what you 're not being told about u.s. troops in ukraine '' `` the real story behind shinzo abe 's visit : china , tpp and what the media wo n't tell you about this state visit '' '' `` architects of american policy towards russia and ukraine are destroying american national security '' : stephen f. cohen on the truths u.s. media and politicians hide '' `` the new york times `` basically rewrites whatever the kiev authorities say '' : stephen f. cohen on the u.s. / russia/ukraine history the media wo n't tell you '', 
  i notice that the queers are invariably allied with the jews and the muslims to ruin things . 
  it seems like ... kind of a curious alliance . 
   i doubt it 'd only `` favor '' them - it 'd end with a military intervention . 
  well , eu members have their own , non-nato obligations to finland , and they would be constrained to respond or break treaty . 
  even if the uk and greece left the eu , the remaining eu members would still be a pretty substantial deterrent . 
  http://www.techtimes.com/articles/38718/20150310/7-ways-to-get-around-the-paywalls-of-wall-street-journal-new-york-times-and-more.htm the wsj returns the whole article to googlebot so that google will index its contents and return it in google searches . 
  however , google disallows the practice of returning different data to googlebot than a user will get with a click from the search results page ( since it leads to gobs of useless links on google 's search results ) and will not index pages that do this . 
  the wsj ( and most other sites ) want very much to be indexed by google to help draw in subscribers . 
  so , the wsj lets users coming from google through for the particular article that was linked to . 
  as a result , if you make every access you perform to the wsj look like it 's coming from google , you 'll get the whole article : for firefox : 1 . 
  install firefox 's refcontrol plugin . 
  in tools -  refcontrol options , choose `` add site '' and add www.wsj.com . 
  have that site receive a `` custom '' referrer : `` http://www.google.com/ '' . 
  hit `` ok '' . 
  every time that your browser requests something on the wsj after this , it will claim that google linked you to the wsj , and the wsj will provide the full article content rather than just a snippet . 
  depends on whether finland believes that there is a credible threat of attack . 
  if so , i assume that they do n't want to wait until after the fact , when acquiring membership may not be possible . 
  if not , joining nato just throws away a negotiating club -- the possibility of membership -- that might be useful for them in dealing with russia . 
  i expect that it would make life more-comfortable from nato 's side of things . 
  defending finland without finland having membership sets a bad precedent in that it creates a reason for any country to freeload -- if finland is demonstrated to be able to rely on defense without itself making a commitment to other members , many other countries might feel that they 'd like the same sort of arrangement . 
  that would n't be very good for nato , and so there 's a good reason for nato not to become involved . 
  on the other hand , in a russia-finland conflict , obviously the west would strongly favor finland ; it 'd be painful to watch another winter war without being able to do anything . 
   probably because bulgaria is part of nato and they would for sure get kicked out of they tried that . 
  nato has no mechanism for kicking members out , just for members voluntarily-leaving . 
  http://www.al-monitor.com/pulse/originals/2014/11/turkey-syria-diplomats-nato.html  unal unsal , a former turkish ambassador to nato , agrees with western diplomats who say there 's no risk of turkey 's being expelled from the alliance . 
  `` the world has changed since nato was established but turkey 's position is much the same . 
  it was admitted as a member primarily due to its important geographic location and the importance of this location continues today , '' unsal told al-monitor . 
    `` at any rate , talk of kicking turkey out is idle because nato does not have rules for this . 
  it is only up to member states to leave if they want , '' unsal added , going on to underline that ankara 's western allies are aware that turkey is undergoing a painful transformation process . 
  i suppose that everyone else could leave and then form natov2 . 
  honestly , credit cards are insecure as all hell . 
  i do n't know whether contactless payment standards use pubkey auth , but if so , it would be a big leap forward in terms of avoiding fraud . 
  i like privacy , but a credit card does n't buy much privacy versus a smartphone being used to pay . 
  also , make them all the same width to make it easier for the eye to identify them relative to the text . 
  it would probably be politically-awkward for the us to be doing the corruption investigation and also hosting the cup . 
  we 'll have a shot at it next time around , hopefully with a less-corrupt process . 
  there 's / u/didijustobama and / u/right _ in-the-pussy . 
   i think it is un-democratic to force people to serve in the army . 
  hmmm . 
  it might not be as free-market friendly as a volunteer military . 
  it might be less free in a sense of civil rights . 
  but i do n't really see how it 's un-democratic , as long as democracy could revoke conscription . 
  you mean the rise of the nazi party ? 
  that happened during [ much higher unemployment ] ( http://www.historyhome.co.uk/europe/weimar.htm ) :  firms began to cut back drastically . 
  industrial production fell quickly and by 1932 it was 40 % of its 1929 level . 
  to make matters worse in 1931 a number of austrian and german banks went out of business . 
  unemployment rose from 1.6 million in october 1929 to 6.12 million in february 1932 . 
  ** 33 % percent of the workforce were now unemployed . 
  **   by 1932 roughly one worker in three was registered as unemployed with rates even higher in industrial areas of germany .
