  greece did , as i understand it , have some new parties forming , but that was n't going to happen overnight . 
  if nd or pasok had remained in power , greeks would have been blamed for simply accepting corrupt parties , and failing to clean house , making them responsible for the corruption even after finding out about it . 
  if kke had been put in power , greeks would have been blamed for adopting a completely-economically-dysfunctional party and siding with russia ( which syriza already raised some concern on ) . 
  if golden dawn made it into power , greeks would have been blamed for electing a rather alarming fascist party ( i remember extremely critical material from foreign media covering the prior election where golden dawn had made gains ) . 
  so instead , greece elected syriza . 
  i think that europe would have been upset with any of the choices , so i have a hard time blaming the greek public for electing syriza . 
  and even beyond that point , there were a lot of mitigating factors : the greek public knew about tax evasion certainly ... but it was not until recently , i understand , that the full scope of the budget disaster was apparent to the public . 
  if you give people an option to have low taxes and to have high services without structuring it so that an appropriate tradeoff is selected , they will select both . 
  if you would blame any people who do this , then blame us citizens in california as well . 
  the referendum was voted on by many people who probably did n't understand what they were voting for . 
  they trusted the summary they got from their government ; a bad idea , perhaps , but at least an honest take . 
  i am far from convinced that given the timeframe and the information available , that other peoples would have done impressively here . 
  the blame placed on the greek government for creating the referendum in the form it took may have been reasonable , but blaming the greek people for making an arguably-uninformed vote on the referendum ... < shrug  did the greek people do a lot of things wrong ? 
  yes , from everything that i 've read . 
  i just also think that in a number of cases , people frustrated about a collection of the things that they did do wrong and the overall outcome wound up beating them over the head for things that were pretty understandable . 
  that would also be a fair possibility . 
  i guess what just shocked me was that i really truly got the impression that a large portion of the greek public did not * understand * what it had just voted for , and that in a short period of time , it would become very clear that it would not be getting what it thought that it had voted for . 
  and if that was indeed the case , it would be a shame to make the public realization be too late for anything to then happen . 
   when the next crisis happen , and trust me it will happen , another country will be branded the `` next greece '' , probably one of the `` poor ones '' . 
  perhaps , but my understanding is that there were a lot of factors that had to come together for this one : * there were a lot of reforms , like privatization goals listed , that appear not to have been nowhere near met . 
  * there had to be initial problems not just with poverty but with cooked books and corruption . 
  * after those were uncovered , the reform process had to be unsuccessful . 
  * after this , a newly-elected government began reversing some of the reforms . 
  * the government then rejected reform offers . 
  * and there was a popular rejection of accepting the reform deal ( or a popular rejection of * something * ... i 'll grant that this bit was more-than-a-little confused ) . 
  i do n't think that this is quite simply an immediate result of `` poor country has a financial crisis '' . 
   basically the ecb currently accepts greek colleteral on the basis that a new agreement is possible so the greek state is probably going to remain solvent on the long term . 
  should the leaders of europe say a new deal is not possible , there would be no other way for the ecb then to stop ela . 
  ahhhh ... okay , that would make sense . 
  so this is simply the only politically-acceptable phrasing to * authorize * the ecb to stop ela ? 
  that would explain a great deal -- why the phrase sounds misleading to me , yet would still accomplish what i 'd think would want to be accomplished . 
  that certainly sounds plausible . 
  if that 's the case , the right way to read it is as `` ela will stop in 24 hours , but if you want to accept our offer after 48 hours , we 're glad to do that '' . 
   and those that wish to remain in the euro do not want so at all cost . 
  well , sure , but that 's also a weak statement ; there is almost nothing that i 'd want at all costs . 
  there were many statements -- and granted , the media may have simply cherry-picked outrageous ones , but they were also in line with quotes from mr. tsipras and comments from greek voters here indicating that their intent was to remain within the eu , and believed that the vote was to continue pushing for a better deal . 
   so it 's safe to asses that if there 's no other way to stay in the euro than accept the previous demands , where as the dutch pm is now even calling for stronger demands , that a majority would support leaving the eurozone . 
  i 'm not sure that i agree with this . 
  for example , let 's suppose that greek voters felt that the eu was simply bluffing and that they would fold . 
  that does n't mean that the offer on the table would n't be accepted , but rather that they wanted mr. tsipras to continue to try to call bluffs first . 
  this scenario would also be compatible with your eubarometer statistic . 
  and that is why they should be open to proposals , and not delay them when they come in . 
  but it does not mean that they must set deadlines on the other side to accomplish that . 
   last week , they issued a formal threat to call in greece 's loans from the efsf early , thus forcing a member state into bankruptcy and out of the euro . 
  so , again : who the hell are these people ? 
  every one of them is a civil servant . 
  none , so far as i know , has ever been elected by anybody . 
  i do n't see why this is concerning in any way . 
  a tiny , tiny fraction of the members of any government are elected . 
  the important bit is that each member of a bureaucracy is subject to someone ultimately above him who is elected , and this is the case for finance ministers . 
  a government will make many important decisions from within its bureaucracy ; that might be a park ranger or an appointed minister or an under-secretary or almost anyone else . 
  but it could never be the case that every decision-maker be directly elected by the people in anything but the tiniest of democratic organizations : for 40 people , perhaps , but not for 400 million . 
  at the end of the day , if it turns out that a finance minister does something that the people dislike , that finance minister is subject to someone -- i suppose in a parliamentary system , the prime minister -- and he is in turn subject to the election of representatives by the people . 
  that chain of authority has not been broken here any more than it has in any government with bureaucracy . 
  i understand that there will be a limited time of operation . 
  if the article had quoted them saying `` we will extend ela for another twenty-four hours ; at that point , we will stop '' , i 'd have no objection , and perhaps it should be simply read as that and no more ; maybe this is an issue of an unclear article or bad translation . 
  my issue is with the idea of the eu needing to draw any lines on ez status , which is the impression that i received from the article . 
  let 's say that thursday , greece is doling out eu ious . 
  the public becomes upset and realizes that a new deal is n't happening and that tsipras was wrong . 
  there is upset and now public support for accepting the deal . 
  but by this point , the 24 hour deadline has been crossed , and hollande and merkel consider greece no longer an ez member . 
  that would n't make sense to me ; it buys them nothing . 
  or maybe it is when pension payments are n't coming through in , say , two weeks . 
  honestly , i 'd want to see the statistics compared against similar ones for another country to know whether this level of fraud is unusual . 
  i do n't know how common these would be , so it 's hard to say whether this is a negative or not . 
   also , if you do n't know the gender of the person you 're speaking to do n't say ` guys ' , but ` people ' . 
  in english , it 's normally-accepted to use the masculine as generic . 
  ( `` if a student wishes to go to the drinking fountain , he must first obtain a hall pass . '' ), 
  i have seen a few people or textbooks who use the feminine as a generic to make a political point , and that seems to work too . 
  sometimes you 'll also see the politically-correct-but-awkward form of putting `` he/she '' and `` him/her '' everywhere . 
   in much orthodox economic analysis the acceptability of market outcomes is taken as given . 
  [ snip ]  in the real world , where market outcomes are not acceptable , [ snip ]  that is not to say that the greek economy is a dependent one , or that it can not have strong capitalist sectors in banking , shipping , food-processing and elsewhere . 
  rather the issue is whether the benefits of such a model can provide enough employment , rising incomes , and a sufficient taxable base for adequate social services . 
  not necessarily for the whole society , but which capitalist society has ever even aspired to that ? 
  i kind of regret that the talks between him and the other finance ministers wo n't be televised . 
  i 'd think that it would be interesting to see the gap in ideology being bridged . 
  both of the comments here are from presumably center-left us accounts ; `` rethuglicans '' was a term used to criticize republicans , and meatmehalfway has generally taken center-left viewpoints . 
  in the us , there was a very bitter fight a few years back about whether there should be more spending or austerity . 
  the democrats advocated for more spending , the republicans for austerity . 
  this means that a lot of one-liners became common and a lot of emotion became wrapped up around the issue . 
  you can still see us accounts and media sources with inertia from this fight . 
  if you see `` debt does n't matter for governments , unlike for households '' , references to mr. krugman , `` growth is the only answer '' or similar comments , they 're allusions to statements common in that fight . 
  i do n't think that it 's a good idea to reorganize people into anarchistic societies ( though obviously / u/komnene does ) , but i do n't think that you have to agree with that to agree that it * is * an opportune time for radical groups to try out their own ideas . 
   government finances are not in any way comparable to home finances . 
  to the extent that unbounded debt causes problems , they are . 
  greece has a number of older-model tanks , though , and germany 's tanks are modern . 
  maybe we went a little too strong on the `` pacify japan and germany after world war ii '' thing . 
   mortgages denominated in euro in greece would be changed to drachma ahhhhhh ... okay . 
  that 's really interesting : i had n't realized that legal documents would do that . 
  if i were changing from a foo to a new foo currency at 1:100 ratio , then that 's straightforward , but here i 'm suddenly * splitting * a currency . 
  in a contract , if some references to euros now become drachmas and some references remain euros , it seems like a terrific amount of wealth will be moved around based on the rules for what remains euro and what becomes drachma in contracts . 
  okay , so you 'd agree with / u/jfeldhaus that this is simply a way of saying that ela will be terminated at that point , rather than that it is saying `` you are no formally no longer an ez member '' ? 
  that would make a * lot * more sense , because the eu * does * have a good reason to place a deadline on that ... i just had a hard time reading that from the article text . 
   1 ) allowing a bankrupt greece to continue issuing bonds valued in euro will have a negative impact on the euro exchange rates . 
  < confused  i 'd think that greece would have a very difficult time selling bonds right now at all , since it 's on the brink of defaulting on debt . 
  but let 's say that it did sell some bonds at whatever exorbitant level is the current market rate . 
  you 're saying that , for example , this would affect the usd-eur exchange rate , and that this is totally unacceptable to the eu beyind the next 24 hours ? 
   2 ) in order to keep greece on the euro in such a situation would require altering current rules and creating new ones that would then apply to all euro members . 
  or they would need to be explicitly stated as `` for greece only '' . 
  the first option increases the financial exposure of all eurozone members , the second will cause great political friction .
