  having russia 's only med naval base in an eu member state and subject to eu control is probably not really ideal for russia . 
  given the context that russia is militarily-intervening and the us is simply asking greece not to aid them , it 's hard to see how the us is the most-interventionist party here . 
  set up a european brand and a-b test it ? 
  i mean , i can see a lot of ways in which reddit 's opinion on this might be wrong . 
  typically style guides for written english that i 've seen do n't have you put a comma if there are only four numbers -- it starts at five . 
  `` there were 3000 refuges out there , and they ate 15,300 sandwiches . '', 
  i bet that there are a lot of people smuggling people across the english channel in small boats . 
  not since the supreme court ruling that doing so would violate the eighth amendment ( [ * trop v. dulles * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trop_v._dulles ) ) . 
   ... `` denationalization as a punishment is barred by the eighth amendment , '' describing it as `` a form of punishment more primitive than torture '' as it inflicts the `` total destruction of the individual 's status in organized society . '', 
   it was a false flag operation by nazi 's wikipedia says that a few people think that , but that that is not consensus . 
  did n't you guys used to have a crazy assortment of different plugs , currency exchanges whenever purchasing across borders , border checks everywhere , and so forth ? 
   for a few large producers or companies great , if they 're the ones who produce the best product . 
  that 's not a problem -- that 's how a competitive market is supposed to work . 
  if members did collude to set prices , you 'd get market failure . 
   europe 's farmers are now calling for the reintroduction of production quotas to try to balance the market . 
  the quotas were abolished earlier this year , leaving farmers free to produce as much as they like for the first time in 30 years . 
    the deregulation led to more oversupply , piling even more pressure on prices . 
  it is n't oversupply if vendors are continuing to produce it . 
  i think that assange was concerned about more than community service . 
  9/11 hit two massive chunks of nyc office buildings , the us military headquarters , and tried ( flight 93 was stopped by the passengers ) to knock out either the white house or the capitol building , where the upper and lower house of the legislature were . 
  we collectively went a bit nuts for a while . 
  when the [ reichstag burned ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/reichstag_fire ) , i 'd say that it had a pretty profound impact . 
  the power to strip citizenship is a very dangerous ability to have ... and particularly in a democracy , since it also means the ability to take political power away . 
  well , you kinda already do take issue with some religious people from the us , if you 're going to include [ scientology in your us-originating religions ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scientology_in_germany ) . 
  [ continued from parent ] * i agree with people who have said that germany is vulnerable to guilt-tripping -- whereas people in many countries like the uk are quite comfortable about saying that they 're very unhappy about having immigrants come in , german users here seem to be pretty quiet about it . 
  if someone thinks that they can get leverage over you to achieve their political goals , be it a newspaper or a journal or a blogger , they 're going to use it . 
  there 's no way to ever demonstrate that you are a good actor now , no set of actions that will make people stop pulling those levers if they work . 
  if germany needs to move the decision-making process to the eu level so that the eu can make the uncomfortable decisions without them reflecting on germany , okay , but i still think that at some point , germany 's going to have to bite the bullet and be able to say `` no '' * even though * someone is going to play the nazi card . 
  the right answer might be `` two percent of the applicants are personally directly-threatened , and even those are being deported once the heavy fighting stops '' , and if that 's the best approach , it should n't be blocked by political awkwardness . 
  * whatever happens , it seems very likely that at least * some * people will wind up getting permanent residence . 
  it 's likely that they will want to pull in family as well . 
  i 'd look at past immigration affairs to see what the expected multiplier might be . 
  * if it could be legally worked around ( 1951 refugee convention does not permit deportation ) and politically worked around ( `` selling '' people could create some friction ) , i like the idea of auctioning refugee-hosting slots . 
  that is , the eu pays the cost , and countries state how much they 'd require to host a given number of refugees . 
  that 's economically-efficient , and ensures that the country that is most-willing hosts a refugee . 
  * i suspect that a major political concern of anti-immigration folks in the eu is that this will be used as a back door to permanent residence while merely being sold as temporary refugee status : it comes off as being dishonest , and why people feel that they must draw a line-in-the-sand here . 
  if the eu is confident that they do not want to do this , and if they can provide a credible guarantee in one way or another that this will not happen or that there will be a firm time limit , they can probably quell a lot of the political upset and avoid a lot of upset people . 
  finally , while it does n't relate directly to a * solution * : * i 'm not very sympathetic to people who advocate broad acceptance on humanitarian grounds -- i think that that 's probably inconsistent with their behavior as regards people in a tough spot the world ` round . 
  i think that that 's relying on gut instincts that evolved back when we were dealing with groups of twenty or so people , not setting national policy for movement of millions . 
  * i 'm not very sympathetic to most articles written to appeal to emotion ( and that 's on both sides of the situation , whether it 's `` picture of dead child '' / `` pictures of women and children picked out for snapshots '' or `` pictures of angry/scary young men ranting about something without context '' / `` implying that mass rape is likely to show up '' ) . 
  i think that while emotional concerns should n't be ignored -- they 're important from a political standpoint -- they probably are not very useful in making good policy decisions . 
  i suspect that a disappointing amount of the discussion across europe ( and the world ) this week is probably going to be driven by emotional appeal . 
  well , assuming that i retain my present outlook , and with the caveat do n't think that i 'd single-handedly be in a position to lay out the right plan for europe -- that 's not a one-man job even for specialists . 
  however , i do have some thoughts : * first off , ensure that the public does n't feel that the situation is out-of-control . 
  that 's probably the biggest risk for people taking the situation into their own hands re : firebombing , which i think is * definitely * not the best way to deal with the problem . 
  one of the problems is that right now , europe 's national leaders are giving mixed messages about what will happen , so everyone is seeing all the different conflicting concerns before they 've been talked out . 
  i 'd say something like `` we 've a team meeting to work on the issue this week '' , and then try to come up with a roughly-common position . 
  when firm statements are made , make them more-or-less in line with each other . 
  that just addresses the political side , but it 's one that matters . 
  * i do n't think that it is in europe 's interest to accept lots of refugees to address population issues . 
  if europe wants , it can pull in the cream of the crop from around the world via only permitting skilled immigration from outside the eu -- this is more like what the uk does . 
  i think that it 's easy to take too-flowery a view of the costs of pulling in the human population of very poor countries and only focus on the direct cost . 
  a number of places in the world have wound up with underclasses , and this has significant ongoing costs . 
  * my guess is that a major reason for people trying to force their way to germany is because they want to use refugee status as a way to springboard to permanent resident status . 
  even * if * any eu countries want to grant permanent residency to some , they do not want the criteria to be `` whoever manages to illegally get into country x '' . 
  to eliminate the current misincentive , i 'd have german , swedish , and maybe uk ( or the whole eu , but those are probably the big ones ) leadership state that no permanent resident status will be granted to anyone based on where the application occurs -- that if this is extended , it will be to the pool of refugees to the eu at large . 
  that * is * , as far as i know , a decision that is legally up to the individual countries , since it does not relate to refugee status . 
  the downside is that it might defer assimilation in the country where someone is granted refugee status ( since they 'll have no incentive over someone granted refugee status one country over ) . 
  ( if you 're going to teach someone a language in the immediate term , english might be a good idea ... ) for example , sweden grants asylum status to someone , and it might mean that they wont ' want to learn swedish until after the eu members made its decision as to how to deal with this . 
  however , i think that this should reasonably permit for addressing humanitarian concerns , should permit eu members to come up with whatever scheme ( quotas or whatever ) that they want , and alleviates the immediate crisis long enough for eu members to decide what they want to do in the long term . 
  it will not antagonize people opposed to immigration or block useful solutions to the situation , and a decision could be made at any point in the future -- a week , a month , a year . 
  it takes off the pressure of making an immediate decision . 
  * i do think that europe does n't want to be in the situation of war actually overtaking people and them being killed in the hundreds of thousands . 
  for at least some refugees , simply `` deport to < country of origin  '' may not be the best option even if a country does n't want to take in refugees . 
  * the eu 's most-immediate concern , and their actions , regardless of what their long-term goals are , is probably in getting people registered with some form of reliable identification ( e.g. 
  fingerprints ) , and getting them food/water/shelter . 
  that avoids desperate people without money or supplies engaging in widespread crime . 
  almost all other policies can be set one way or another , but the most-immediate issue is in not having desperate people and in not having huge numbers of unidentified people wandering around europe . 
  establishing disincentives to do this would be a good idea . 
  penalizing people for not promptly registering is * explicitly * permitted by the 1951 refugee convention : '' ... provided they ** present themselves without delay ** to the authorities and show good cause for their illegal entry or presence . '', 
  * if we 're going to permit a certain amount of big brother creepiness , taking blood samples and freezing them as part of the registration process might be a good idea . 
  not only does it permit screening for diseases on the way in , but it permits identifying relatives ( some of whom may have been probably been separated , like children and parents ) or turning up bogus claims about relationship , since it can identify siblings/children . 
  the us maintains a [ dna database of criminals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dna_database ) , and at the scale of processing that we 're talking about , this might become more affordable . 
  this is not immediately essential , as long as someone is attached to a trusted identifier , like fingerprints , since you could always identify them down-the-line that way . 
  * if the 1951 refugee convention becomes a problem -- e.g. 
  a supranational entity like the eu was n't well-addressed by it , since it imposes country-level constraints -- i think that eu members should seriously consider withdrawal from that treaty as part of a long-term solution , which can be done with a one-year delay . 
  * i 'm somewhat conflicted about permitting labor . 
  i do n't know how-interested people are in managing to work in germany for , n years while the conflict is going on versus establishing permanent residence . 
  currently , the 1951 refugee convention requires countries to permit freedom of movement and freedom to work * once asylum is granted * . 
  it would be expensive to artificially-prevent people from working , but on the flip side , there may be seriously-bad incentives being created by interest in being able to even work short-term in germany . 
  it is be possible to determine what the draw here is -- whether ( a ) sufficient draw to germany is created by simply working until asylum evaluation is complete , ( b ) whether working during asylum is sufficient to pull people there , or whether ( c ) people are only willing to head over to germany if they have a chance at permanent residency/citizenship . 
  it may even be that the typical migrant does n't really understand the difference in status , or it may be that there 's a planned legal path that * i * do n't understand . 
  * i do n't feel that i have the ability to judge how viable nation-building in the med is . 
  i do think that some people proposing this as an option are dramatically underestimating the difficulty of doing this . 
  * i agree with people who say that a lot of people are underestimating how angry and upset large chunks of the public will become at large-scale immigration . 
  i can cite a number of historical cases where large-scale immigration made the natives very , very unhappy , much more than anything else . 
  if leaders decide that they * do * want to permit permanent status , i think that they are being far too cavalier about public reaction ( particularly a few statements like `` oh , if we lose a few votes as a result of this , that 's okay '' -- i think that those are really disconnected ) . 
  * i think that many of the concerns are apocalyptic in nature . 
  i do n't agree with these -- that is , i do n't think that this is going to wipe out europe , or that europe is going to become large-scale muslim as a result of at least this year or next year 's immigration . 
  while people did become upset about large immigrations in the past , they also tended to * dramatically * overestimate the impact of < undesirable group x  showing up . 
  freeing the slaves did n't turn the us into haiti . 
  polish or irish and many other immigrant groups that came to the us that came in large numbers became upstanding citizens . 
  at least in the us , immigrants commit crime at a lower rate . 
  even if europe gets stuck with a lot of banlieues , it wo n't be the end of europe . 
  * i think that there are going to be a number of immediate problems stemming from this , including ethnic/political spats , and prostitution . 
  for spats , remember that some of these people fleeing are from a war . 
  they did n't support the same side and are being thrown together . 
  establishing some form of separation from the get-go might be a good idea to avoid fighting . 
  for prostitution ... if you 're a young person who left without anything , do n't know the language , do n't know the law , and particularly if you are present in a country illegally and could potentially be reported and deported , you 're probably a really good prostitution prospect . 
  i 'd guess that the most-immediate way to address prostitution this is to ensure that essential needs are met , at least until people leave the eu .
