  if the west is battered , i 'm not sure what russia and north korea are . 
  however , the regime in no way felt threatened by potentially-opposing voices . 
  i wonder how much impact this will have on cheese prices ; it 'd be nice to have less-expensive cheeses . 
   koch brothers ... neo conservative * the koch brothers are political activists in us politics , not european . 
  * i 'd have a hard time describing the koch brothers as [ neoconservative ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/neoconservatism ) . 
  neoconservativism would be economically-more-left and in favor of a larger government than us conservativism or classical liberalism , but more-aggressive internationally and militarily , advocating stronger government control of society . 
  george w. bush 's administration could be called a neoconservative one . 
  the [ koch brothers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/koch_family ) are affiliated with the john birch society and cato , and the koch family has a history with the libertarian party . 
  these are libertarian or maybe paleoconservative positions . 
  they 're just about the opposite end of the conservative wing of politics in the united states ; small-government , non-interventionist , opposed to the patriot act . 
   which is ironic given that we do n't really benefit from it . 
  we import milk ... well ... 
  europe in short : hungarians : not huns . 
  dutch : not from deutchland . 
  romanians : not romans . 
  roma : also not romans . 
  macedonia : not where macedonia was . 
  british : not from brittany . 
  irish : do n't all live in ireland . 
  scandinavians : include peoples from countries not on the scandinavian peninsula . 
   maybe the only well known european internet company [ ubisoft ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ubisoft ) ? 
  < headscratch  gen. clark is commenting on a russian invasion of ukraine , with russian soldiers present , with russian artillery firing across borders , with russian anti-air and artillery weapons moved in large scale into ukraine , and you 're saying that * clark * is organizing a war in another country ? 
  awwwwww ... 
  ah , yes , i am ; i thought that schengen also was responsible for granting work and residency rights in other countries , not just border-crossing . 
  ah , okay , thanks . 
  seems like it 'd be terribly-awkward to unwind ; it 'd mean the mass repatriation of many people who probably do n't want to be repatriated . 
  [ lookout air raids ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lookout_air_raids ) [ fire balloon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fire_balloon ) poor vast tracts of wilderness . 
  they always get targeted . 
   he said the russian geography on the other hand would protect it from a tsunami or a volcano attack . 
  few people live on the coast in russia and siberia which rests on basalt would withstand similar attacks . 
  that might be true , but it seems to miss the obvious issue that firing a nuclear icbm into the united states is going to have equally-unpleasant effects on russia in the sense of icbms traveling the other direction . 
  i mean , yes , maybe you do n't get wiped out by a super-volcano , but being incinerated in a big nuclear holocaust does n't really seem to have all that much to recommend it . 
  if you 're going to make use of a preemptive strike , why on earth not use it against enemy launchers or maybe cities , which has a much-faster , much-more-certain effect ? 
  it 's not as if russia 's problem is a lack of nuclear weapons to hit cities with ; the problem you want to be solving is n't magnifying force , but surviving the response to your attack ... 
  take it to / r/stateball , guys . 
   guff ... buddies lot of american slang there . 
  if greece leaves the euro after a default , is this generally-accepted to have or not have the effect of causing greece to also leave the schengen area ? 
   one has to inevitably side with one or the other . 
  and then there 's finland ... 
  < sigh  well , it was a pleasant thought . 
  i 'm really hoping that this is n't just an april fool 's day article . 
  man , i hate the internet today . 
  two weeks ago : http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/ps/2015/03/238897.htm  on this one year anniversary of the sham `` referendum '' in crimea , held in clear violation of ukrainian law and the ukrainian constitution , the united states reiterates its condemnation of a vote that was not voluntary , transparent , or democratic . 
  we do not , nor will we , recognize russia 's attempted annexation and call on president putin to end his country 's occupation of crimea . 
    a year ago , as covert russian military forces took control of key government buildings and infrastructure , the population of crimea was forced to go to the polls facing a false choice of either joining russia or calling for crimea 's independence . 
  two days later , the russian federation attempted to annex sovereign ukrainian territory , disrupting 70 years of international order and drawing the condemnation of free , democratic societies across the globe . 
    over the last year , the human rights situation in crimea has deteriorated dramatically , with mounting repression of minority communities and faiths , in particular crimean tatars , and systematic denial of fundamental freedoms . 
  local residents have been detained , interrogated , and disappeared and ngos and independent media have been driven out of the peninsula . 
  these brutalities are unacceptable and we call on russia to stop further abuses . 
    this week , as russia attempts to validate its cynical and calculated `` liberation '' of crimea , we reaffirm that sanctions related to crimea will remain in place as long as the occupation continues . 
  the united states continues to support ukraine 's sovereignty , territorial integrity , and right to self-determination . 
  i 'm wondering how many tanks of chocolate have had a hint of syrian added in the past ... 
  i do n't know if he attempted it or if this has yet been examined , but someone in the cockpit of an aircraft and trying to retain control of the airplane probably has a strong interest in depressurizing the plane to incapacitate the people there . 
  cockpit oxygen masks have longer-lasting oxygen supplies than do the cabin oxygen masks . 
  [ continued from parent ]  in fact , european citizens must speak english to follow what happens in brussels . 
  otherwise , it is only a second-class citizen that `` brussels '' was even reluctant to admit the existence . 
  thus , the commission does not hesitate to launch `` public consultations '' in english only ( such as its recently launched on aviation safety ) . 
  this poses a real democratic problem and ownership of the union : can be directed in a language you do not understand ? 
  this happened during military occupation or during the colonial period , with the results that we know . 
    this new language is english clerics can only please the french elite who have always loved using codes which excluded the majority : this is what explains their silence before abandoning french as their first , and second language of europe . 
  but it helps to make more and more foreign europe to the states that make up without approaching britain in europe , irony of the case . 
  it 's lose-lose . 
  above all , the only english language gives a competitive advantage to non-native english speakers said , whether in institutions , but also in the media where speed is paramount . 
    the result of this english monolingualism is rightly notes aje '' * doubly penalizing for european ideas : these seem confined to a technocratic and elitist minority , anti-european speech ( professed in the national language ) outweighs the pro-european discourse . 
  * '' clearly , europe is shooting itself in the foot by doing a cultural policy of fait accompli in the name of efficiency . 
  a `` efficiency '' which is doubtful relevance : the european court of justice continues to work well in the majority in french ( in english for the rest ) , although some judges eastern moan a little , without affecting in anything its effectiveness and relevance ...   each european country should worry about what language clean discreet . 
  france , if attached to its `` cultural exception '' should be at the forefront of this fight is not anecdotal . 
  it is clear that she has given up the lead , as she gave up fight the battle of ideas . 
  the spokesman jean-claude juncker , margaritis schinas , told me that '' * the president is always expressed in french and indicated urbi et orbi that it considers a priority to ensure cultural and linguistic diversity within the eu * '' . 
  he will come the salvation of the grand duchy ? 
  and in order to make the article more useful , an english translation courtesy of google translate :  ** the english monolingualism , an evil action against europe **   the dominance of english in the european institutions has become so `` natural '' that a french finance minister , michel sapin , finds it strange to write in english to the european commissioner for economic and monetary affairs , pierre moscovici , yet french . 
  it is true that the former french finance minister practice more english during his press conferences than french . 
  the sgae ( secretariat general for eu affairs ) , the french agency for interdepartmental coordination of european affairs , finds nothing shocking sent in english to the french meps the position of the hexagon on the recovery plan presented by jean - claude juncker , president of the commission . 
  french president francois hollande , like his predecessor , nicolas sarkozy , do not fault that european leaders are appointed master without any word of french , as donald tusk , president of the european council or jeroen dijsselbloem the president of the eurogroup . 
  long gone are the days when jacques chirac left the room of the european council because ernest-antoine selli\u00e8re , then head of european bosses , had dared to speak in english ...   the virtual disappearance of french , yet one of the three working languages of the eu institutions with english and german , is a process that began in 1995 , with enlargement to sweden , finland and austria , the balladur government failed to negotiate the equivalent of the pompidou-heath agreements which provided that the british would send in brussels only diplomats and officials speaking french , agreements which are still globally respected today . 
  but this process has really accelerated with the great 2004 enlargement to central europe , the elites of these countries chiefly english as a foreign language . 
  this drift was done with the active complicity of the german authorities and diplomats and german officials who believe that the language of moli\u00e8re must meet the same fate as that of goethe , the latter having been marginalized for a long time . 
    yet none of the founding texts of the union has changed : the languages of 28 member states is the official language of the union . 
  nothing more normal , since it produces legal standards applicable in the member states . 
  similarly , german , english and french are always the three working languages of the union , english and french , the official languages of the european external action service ( eeas ) and english the french bilingual press room ( before 1995 , the french was the official language of the press room ) . 
  but that 's it . 
  like seeing my friends from the association of european journalists ( aej ) , french section , which just sent a letter to jean-claude juncker , president of the commission , '' * the abandonment of the french in the commission communication european as the european external action service and the european council * `` is now a reality . 
    indeed , the commission now works almost exclusively in english , even in services where there is no native english speaker . 
  at one time it was common for a text contains paragraphs in french , english , german , italian , and until the translation into the three working languages prior to adoption of the proposal by the college of commissioners . 
  each well mastering their mother tongue and including that of others , the quality of texts from the eu executive was unanimously praised . 
  now , people who have mastered english imperfectly produce low quality of texts ( legal professionals are complaining more and more ) , sometimes simply incomprehensible and therefore transposable in domestic law : just in a service that one person does not speak french while all the others are more comfortable in that language for the whole procedure switches to english . 
  and officials acknowledge that they are forced to make very simple , because the complexity rarely accommodates the use of a foreign language , except , of course , exceptions . 
  the french in the commission have mostly stopped resisting for fear of being accused of arrogance or franchouillardise even though they speak english very well . 
  a charge that nobody will ever curiously at columbia or an irishman ...   what is true for the commission is much less for the council of ministers : one can impose minister democratically elected to speak english , especially when that language has absolutely no special status . 
  however , the shift began , under the pressure of english , whether ministers , diplomats and officials from the council . 
  the changeover has already taken place within the eurogroup , which brings together the finance ministers of the euro area : the last resistance fighters were belgians ( most since the position is occupied by a flemish ) and luxembourg . 
  even when a minister is less comfortable in english than in their native language or french , he prefers not say anything for fear of ridicule . 
  often ministers swallow texts they have not fully understood ( especially when they are very technical ... ) . 
    in parliament , the same trend is observed even if national languages are more resistance than elsewhere , including german given the weight of the elect beyond the rhine in the meeting . 
  but there is also observed that the english version is almost always ready first , the other language versions to wait for better days . 
    in december 2012 , wolfgang sch\u00e4uble , the german finance minister , has also pleaded , in the frankfurter allgemeine sonntagszeitung , for english to become the sole language of the union '' * can be understood without speaking the language perfectly from other ( ... ) most young people in europe understand english . 
  and in most international businesses , we only speak english . 
  so we will get there `` and ironical . '', 
  to be honest , i feel sorry for all those who bear my english . 
  but english spoken evil is after all one of the most spoken languages in the world , `` he added . '',
