huh . 
  maybe it 's only really an issue when turning sharply , and tank drivers just avoid doing that on roads . 
   well yeah , but you 're not going to see a tank alone driving on any road . 
  the military might or might do that , but [ but as for other people ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vvklaa9boguz ) ... 
   i remember seeing a tank just driving along the interstate once as well . 
  where was this ? 
  i 'd kind of think that it would [ shred the road ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtfw3n5bvpe ) too . 
   hyping a heir would only be useful in a country thats democratic . 
  i do n't think i agree . 
  look at north korea : that 's an extreme example of hyping up an heir , and it 's about as far from democracy as you can get . 
  the value of the pope 's blessing for european leaders or other ways of glorifying a ruler or heir . 
  the idea of a divine right of kings . 
  it 's useful to discourage revolutions , whether those are the `` little revolutions '' of being democratically voted out or the greater revolutions of having your property seized and getting yourself executed . 
  in terms of [ blood shed as a percentage of the population ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_military_casualties_of_war ) and extremes to which the us had to go to finally win , the greatest enemy of the united states was easily the [ confederate states of america ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/confederate_states_of_america ) , so i guess we 're really our own worst enemy . 
  in terms of long-term hostility , i guess probably russia : i do n't think that anything really compares to most of a century in a facedown with civilization-shattering guns . 
  the idea of russia as an enemy * had * pretty much gone away and we * were * on comparatively-good terms , but ... 
  i guess that from russia 's standpoint , odd as it sounds on the face of it , eu is offensive , and nato is defensive . 
  nato is unlikely to attack russia , but once a country joins nato , russia ca n't attack it : it just closes the door to russian expansion in that country . 
  that nullifies use of russia 's hard power against that country . 
  however , the eu actively attacks russia , not in any military sense , but simply in the form of being a more-appealing alternative to russia : providing an option of a better life . 
  it 's very-unlikely that russia will be able to attack nato in the near future , which means that it 's placed in the position of needing to make itself more-appealing for countries than the eu . 
  there are n't a lot of options to stop that -- you 'd either need to use hard power before a country becomes a nato member and make the consequences of potentially-joining nato awful , so that nobody else is willing to bear the costs . 
  or you need to make people uninterested in the eu . 
  that means either out-competing the eu in providing a good life and making russia a greater source of good things , or emphasizing a value split between a country and the eu . 
  currently , i do n't believe that russia is heading in the direction of outcompeting the eu in terms of providing a good life . 
  russia can afford to buy off leaders , but not to buy off a whole populace . 
  so instead , you emphasize how much people would n't want to be part of the eu , and hence focus on conservativism . 
  right , i 'm just saying that i think that a `` risk because of ethnic differences '' argument makes more sense than a `` risk because of hard-to-defend territory '' argument . 
   - out of the top 200 companies , only 2 are russian . 
  both in energy not sure that that is terribly interesting , though . 
  the largest companies out there tend to be in a few particular fields , like energy , where economies of scale are really important . 
  that does n't necessarily mean that that makes those industries crucial . 
   russia 's geography favors strong , centralized states because of its huge , hard-to-defend territory . 
  too much authority ca n't be given to locals , or they risk forming splinter states and eventually seceding . 
  erm . 
  does n't the same apply to the us , china , and canada , all of which have large , flat areas that could theoretically secede ? 
  the ethnic group argument is more convincing to me . 
  just to be clear , i do n't think that syriza was necessarily a bad choice . 
  greeks had options of the two parties most involved with the corruption of the past years , a less-than-six-month-old party started by a figure from one of those parties , golden dawn , syriza ... the most-immediate problem that greece was facing was corruption , and greeks booted out everyone involved about as thoroughly as they could . 
  that 's a start , and given what they had to work with , perhaps the best that could be done : it establishes that there are political consequences for politicians . 
   now we are one step closer towards justifying war , which is what the west wants . 
  the west wants russia to stop invading and annexing chunks of countries in europe . 
   we have been told by our media that ukraine was just invaded by russia . 
  they have been ... well , this is a change . 
   russia is terrified of the nato advance towards it ( since beginning to take ukraine under its wing ) ukraine wanted to establish trade ties with the eu . 
  before russia moved into ukraine , a majority of ukranians were opposed to nato membership . 
  if russia does n't want countries joining defensive alliances against russian invasion , the worst thing it can be doing is invading them . 
   all of western media is framing it either as putin performing the kill , or leaving the gaps for people to fill in and assume putin is < shrug  well , when a substantial number of your political enemies wind up murdered , at a certain point people start wondering if perhaps it 's not just coincidence . 
   this is one step further towards justifying a war to the western people . 
  the overwhelmingly largest reason for a conflict ( though i suspect that instead , russia will be subject to long-term economic pressure and other non-military approaches ) is that after a number of nations , including russia , guaranteed ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , russia proceeded to start lopping off bits of ukraine . 
   the us is known to be looking to perform false flag attacks on russia . 
  here is an example from december . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ka0hoikt4kq . 
  let 's see . 
  ( a ) your source is an `` end-times evangelist '' , ( b ) it 's claiming a false-flag nuclear attack , which you and i would both know very definitely about having happened , ( c ) the referenced sources do n't support the claim , and ( d ) the opening marquee text is `` world headlines matching bible prophecy '' . 
   here is putin warning of somebody about to become a martyr for the anti-putin agenda back in 2012 you do understand that when i see that , it reads rather flagrantly `` putin 's likely to go kill someone in the future , and wants to establish the groundwork now '' ? 
  if russian state security actually had infiltrated some group that had made a pact to kill someone , they would have * every * reason to simply arrest and prosecute them for conspiracy to murder . 
  instead putin avoids arrests and avoids naming any of the people involved . 
   russia is rising and us is declining : if us can put its hand on russias head it will be able to push on it and stay above water . 
  russia 's gdp is on par with that of a single isolated member state of the eu , and it has a petro-economy . 
   under the ideal circumstances we would be able to dig a canal around us , place a few tug boats of the coast of zeeland and north and south holland and pull us a little bit further into the sea . 
  `` in recent years , the dutch have been moving closer to the nordic nations , and ... no , not in a policy or ideology sense . 
  geographically . '', 
  http://www.aljazeera.com/indepth/opinion/2013/04/2013421145859380504.html  in 1901 , after the assassination of president mckinley , polish-americans were ostracised due to the ethnicity of the assassin - much the same way as chechens are today , following the boston marathon bombing i think that just about every immigrant group had some sort of objections . 
  but i think that there 's a big difference between just `` a bunch of immigrants come in , there 's some friction '' and `` there is no way in hell i want that country and mind sharing a lot of population '' . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cost_of_raising_a_child it 's expensive . 
  not quite just `` pop 'em out and feed 'em , and get them on farm chores '' any more , kids are a big time-sink . 
  having them around used to be a mechanism to provide for security in your old age , but now the state does that , so that incentive is also gone . 
  for the us , for three different dual-parent income brackets , average spending to raise a child to 17 ( not the bare minimum , it should be noted ) , * excluding cost of university * : | household income | average spending per child | | - | - | | less than $ 59,410 per household :| $ 169,080 | | $ 59,410 to $ 102,870 per household :| $ 234,900 | | more than $ 102,870 :| $ 389,670 | that 's on-the-order of 3-4 times annual pre-tax income being spent per kid . 
  it can be done with less ( remember , this is just the average of what is actually spent , not the bare minimum required ) , but it 's still a substantial chunk of change . 
  i 'd be interested in seeing how the cost has changed over time ; my guess is that a big chunk of it was as educational demands increased , so that a kid spends more time `` being a kid '' and just being educated instead of working . 
   i hope you do realize that calling a democratic vote unwise is not very ... democratic . 
  i disagree . 
  i can say that you made a bad election , and you can say that i made a bad election , and that 's not undemocratic . 
  how many people here were enthusiastic about dubya 's second election ? 
  he was presumably speaking in the context of whether he thought that syriza would do a good job of handling things from an economic standpoint , and he 'd be considered an expert there . 
  it probably is n't very diplomatic to make negative statements about people that you 'll be negotiating with , but it hardly seems undemocratic . 
  if it were a * threat * , that 'd be different ( `` the greek people would be ... most * unwise * to elect bob smith , given that i can control the financial program that touches them !, 
  '' ) , but i do n't think that it 's reasonable to make that assumption . 
  not saying that it does -- just that that appears to be what the person who created the material is aiming for . 
  so tomorrow , turkey says `` yup , we tried to wipe out the armenians . '', 
  that , in your eyes , makes them fit to enter the eu , whereas before they were not ? 
  no reparations , nothing else , just a simple one-word sentence that probably you have nationalist groups rejecting within an hour of the speech ? 
  because , hey , if you find that important , fair enough , but i would n't get much value from that . 
  i might care about policies that would be likely to discourage this in the future , and i very likely would care about reparations , but i would n't care a whole lot about whatever political gyrations the present administrator is going through . 
  many of your above complaints would not be resolved by any such statement . 
  they are complaints about the * present * state of affairs . 
  not funding rebels would be a different requirement , and one that i could understand as affecting the world . 
  as for the past , i can understand it making things worse-off . 
  probably just about all peoples have been made much-better or much-worse off by actions of their ancestors or of their country in the past that would not be accepted today . 
  i can understand wanting things tied up between the two groups . 
  what i do n't understand is the emphasis on the acceptance . 
  was a primary concern of uk membership that apologies be made for the irish potato famine or other things that the uk has done in the past ? 
  how about the jews , as germany was far from the only country to do unpleasant things there ? 
  it does n't seem to me that turkey saying `` turkey once committed genocide '' changes a great deal . 
  the united states regularly says `` there is one china '' , which is actually a statement about the * present * state of affairs , to make both groups happy , but the world goes on and everything else acts as if the two are separate . 
  let 's say that turkey says this , is accepted in , and then a national leader refutes it , as they could easily do . 
  what has their statement or the refutal accomplished , in hard , cold , real terms ? 
  turkey will feel just about as bound or not-bound to do the same thing again whether-or-not someone has spoken the above sentence . 
  that 's my point .
