   `` from the member states ' point of view , it 's absolutely marvellous ... brilliant '' , said the diplomatic source . 
    `` we have found somebody else to actually take the decision . 
  the commission over the years has been getting all the flak '' , he noted . 
  that 's interesting . 
  i hear a lot of criticism of the eu as being undemocratic . 
  i wonder how often the technocrats in a particular country do this * outside * of gmos -- that is , a government feels that a particular policy is a good idea , but is unpopular with its public . 
  that government has a high degree of democratic input . 
  however , it can * intentionally * boot the decision off to the eu level , all while claiming that it does not like the policy , which then can pass the policy that it wants without political harm impacting the national politicians . 
  the downside to that , of course , is that it runs the risk of destabilizing the eu . 
  eu approval is not a bottomless well to draw from -- if the public does not * want * this decision being made and it is presented to them as having been forced on the nation by the eu , then euroskeptic parties may promptly show up , and the risk of member state withdrawal shows up . 
   it was not foreseen that three propellers would be affected simultaneously , making it impossible to keep the plane airborne . 
  traditionally , engines have been treated as systems that have a high degree of failure independence . 
  if you design a plane that can handle , say , one or more engine failures without going down , and then you assume that engine failures are independent of each other , this * also * means that more engines means more reliability for the plane as a whole . 
  that 's part of the reason that multiple-engine planes exist today . 
  mechanically , that remains the case . 
  but if they 're all running the same software ( with , in this case , a broken upgrade process ) , they can die based on the same bug . 
  the engines no longer fail independently , so the assumption that the plane-as-a-whole designers relied upon is now dead in the water , and the plane as a whole loses its own reliability . 
  one ( expensive ) way to return to the same failure independence that was enjoyed in a age without quite as much computer involvement would be to pay different , isolated teams to implement each engine 's software . 
  that may not be the best way to address the reliability of the plane as a whole , but it is simple from a policy standpoint ( `` mandate : all redundant systems that are expected to have independent failures must also have their software implemented separately '' ) , and it addresses a case where expectations that simply were inherited from a mechanical age may not reflect the reality of the current systems . 
  i suppose that explains why germany is now comfortable with a grexit from the euro . 
  i think that / u/aboutdesouffle was pointing out that at this point , germany and friends have the most leverage that they will ever have , and greece is n't willing to do economic reforms that they consider essential to being in one economy with germany . 
  northern europe does n't have legal authority short of `` we are n't giving you money '' to force economies to do reforms , yes ? 
  so for them , this is the only opportunity to make greece 's economy into something competitive . 
  i think the concern is more `` if we get past this , greece is still going to have the same economic problems that it did before * and * we wo n't have leverage to push in reforms then ; it will never modernize , and we 'll have to keep propping it up '' . 
  defense is one of the stock examples of the [ free rider problem ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/free_rider_problem ) :  a common example of a free rider problem is defense spending . 
  no one person can be excluded from being defended by a state 's military forces , and thus free riders may refuse or avoid paying for being defended , even though they are still as well guarded as those who contribute to the state 's efforts . 
  ireland and uk are another example : ireland is willing to bet that the uk is n't going to attack it * and * that any attack on ireland would be concerning enough to the uk that the uk would deal with defense . 
   americans like nato even less than germans the numbers you list do n't seem to support that ; just to indicate that popularity is decreasing . 
  people got panicky about nafta . 
  it happened , the world did n't end , and i think that people stopped getting so worked up over trade agreements after that . 
  well , i could see ( a ) not being true . 
  you * could * publicly negotiate them . 
  it 's just that i think that it 'd either be awkward or pointless . 
  congress does n't actually negotiate things in the physical building . 
  that 's for grandstanding on national television . 
  congresscritters figure things out via telephone or something where every twitch they make is n't being scrutinized , and then have their choreographed performance for the house floor . 
  if you mandate public discussion of this , which will very probably happen is that the `` negotiations '' will just become choreographed , and the actual deal will be worked out elsewhere . 
  if you somehow manage how to block communication or discourage it sufficiently , you * might * manage to pull it off ... but honestly , it 's just not that exciting . 
  < shrug  both sides mandate a label on the egg carton indicating which type the eggs are ? 
  just out of curiosity , is the * guardian * typically anti-free-trade ? 
  also , it seems more to be german users talking about ttip than british ones , at least on this subreddit . 
  if you 've ever gone into a californian store or a californian restaurant , you 've probably seen this sign somewhere . 
  the `` causes cancer here '' thing has been used by various groups to tag things that they do n't like legislatively . 
  lead crystal and a variety of other things that contain a substance that would be considered harmful at much larger concentrations get flagged . 
  a few years back , a vegetarian group in california tried getting * all meat products * included under the `` needs ` california carcinogenic substance ' '' warning category . 
  that particular effort was n't successful , but it 's to give you a bit of perspective on what california labeling is like . 
  i strongly regret that california does this , because it makes warning labels of little value -- you get overwhelmed by bogus warnings , so people simply ignore them when there * is * something that might be harmful . 
  however , it should be brought up so that people understand why those labels are present . 
  well , both emit carbon dioxide . 
  coal also causes mercury and more ( probably ... not sure about this if you include the whole refinement process ) sulfur emissions . 
  depends on what you 're concerned about . 
   just one thing : this all comes from the idea that investors are `` rational '' - they 're not . 
  if one gorilla retreats some of them tend to follow the gorilla . 
  no , it 's not predicated upon that assumption . 
  let 's say that , oh , an equal number of * other * investors invested in coal also follow norway , amplifying the effect of their move by 100 % . 
  if any number of investors ( profitably ) invested in a company leave , it just creates a stronger pull on investors who are invested in something else to come into the gap that they 've opened up . 
  you 've just moved two buckets of water from the deep end of the pool to the shallow end . 
  as i said above , size of the divestment is n't the answer here , and ca n't be ( barring extreme cases like the breakdown of world markets that i described above ) . 
   because automation will happen anyway automation will happen anyway , but increasing minimum wage increases the amount of money that is now available to automation , and increases the amount and rate of automation . 
  i spent some time at a company that automated package-handling . 
  if minimum wages rise in the field , a lot more companies will also want automated package-handling services , and that automation company will go out and start hiring a lot more engineers and will go out and start producing more-elaborate handling systems for a wider number of companies . 
  that 's because that policy leaves unemployment and substitution of labor as sliders that are free to move and increase : it only fixes the wage slider . 
  if you want to send money to poorer people , you can not leave open variables like that , or your policy is gameable . 
  in contrast , creating a subsidy that directly sends money to poor people ca n't be gamed ( well , barring to whatever extent your tax system is evadable ) . 
   that might be the case if i personally do not invest 5k $ in coal stocks . 
  but it is definitley a signal when the largest fund in the world says so . 
  it 's not the size : if you announce that you 're divesting for non-financial reasons , all you do is create a big sign for other investors saying `` below-market shares are going to be available at date x ; you should pick these up '' . 
  okay , yes , theoretically , if you controlled the world 's wealth minus whatever the worth of coal companies are , you could force an impact ( i.e. 
  you had a monopoly on capital and could produce market failure ) . 
  but that does n't happen , and if it did , you would n't have a functioning market anyway ; you 'd effectively have a centrally-run world economy . 
   someone has to make the first step ... and if it 's the largest shoe available that does , it probably has an impact . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that this * does n't * make an impact . 
  think of trying to reduce the depth of the deep end in a pool by taking a bucketful of water from the deep end and placing that bucket full of water in the shallow end . 
  the other water is simply going to flow back into its place , because the system is structured so that that will happen . 
  i can list gobs of policies like this , where an ineffectual policy is proposed that can be sold to joe sixpack ... and i suspect that the * reason * that it does n't see opposition is precisely-because it 's ineffective at its goals . 
  a hefty hunk of these get sold to well-meaning people on the left side of the aisle . 
  * corn ethanol to `` save the environment '' . 
  corn ethanol has little , if any negative impact on carbon emissions , but it does serve as a glorious way to funnel money to us-based agribusiness . 
  if you * honestly * wanted to decrease carbon emissions and considered them an important negative externality , you 'd ( a ) impose a carbon tax at a high-enough level to fund mitigation and ( b ) cut deals to block imports from countries that do not do the same thing . 
  * occupy wall street demanding higher corporate taxes , rather than `` taxing people '' . 
  this sells well with people who see `` corporate '' and think `` bad '' . 
  income taxes in the us , however , are progressive -- if you want more wealth redistribution , you want high income taxes rather than high corporate taxes . 
  if you * honestly * wanted more-progressive taxation , you 'd be advocating for higher property and income taxation and for reducing the gap between capital gains taxation and taxation on other sources of income , not higher corporate taxation . 
  * occupy wall street promoting people moving money from banks to credit unions , at the same time as advocating for more finance regulation . 
  this sells well with people angry with banks and who like the sound of the term `` union '' , but ignores the fact that credit unions serve more-or-less the same role as banks , but dodge a substantial chunk of financial regulation that banks are subject to , and generally have wealthier customers than do banks . 
  if you * honestly * wanted a more-heavily-regulated financial system , you 'd be advocating for across-the-board financial restrictions that apply to all financial organizations . 
  * advocacy for increasing minimum wage that ignores elasticity of demand , the ability to substitute automation for labor , and the ability to substitute currently-higher-priced workers for those presently doing low-wage jobs . 
  if you * honestly * wanted to redistribute wealth progressively , you 'd be imposing taxation and handing a subsidy to workers . 
  now , i do n't expect people on the * right * side of the aisle to promote these , because from their standpoint , hey , if the other guys are promoting something that 's ineffective ( and in particular , primarily hurts the people advocating for the policy ) , that 's no skin off their back , and if that 's how politicians on the left want to win votes , that 's better than if effective policies were being promoted . 
  i * do * expect folks on the left to be providing a set of policies that they honestly view as effective , however , and i expect the media in a functioning democracy to flag to voters policies that are ineffective . 
  i am not terribly-enthusiastic about the overall quality of the * huffington post * , [ but the author on this particular article ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/nell-minow/against-divestment-why-wa_b_5697895.html ) is doing precisely what they * should * be doing -- pointing out why divestment policy does not work and suggesting alternatives that will be more-effective ( though i do n't think that their alternatives are nearly as likely to have real impact as the ones that i listed above for divestment alternatives ) . 
  if someone is truly interested in changing carbon emissions , then a step that does n't honestly produce reduction of carbon emissions is n't a step forward , and that should n't be something that they value . 
  christianity in the past was , i 'd say , developed around and oriented heavily towards farming communities -- things like getting together once a week for a worship service also meant that farmers got to spend time with their community , off their farms . 
  it was in urban areas that did n't fit that mold well that secularity grew . 
  but `` i want a social group in my community '' is n't really such a problem now -- people can interact with people much-more-easily now , and have a more-finely-tuned-to-their-interests group , so you 've got people adapting religion to other niches . 
   but everyone has long/loud discourse about latinos . 
  ( a ) i hear comparatively-little upset about latinos ( white/black relations in the us are higher-profile ime ) and ( b ) latinos will demographically become the new majority in the us not many years out , so it 's a pretty substantial shift . 
  ( c ) i think that it 's less numbers , and more that indian immigrants tend to be people who made it in on an h1-b , which has a skill filter attached to it . 
  the people who tend to complain the most-bitterly about job loss due to supply change by immigration are , i 'd say , are those whose jobs are already hitting the bottom rung in terms of slots , and illegal latino immigration much-more-directly impacts this than legal indian immigration . 
  people do n't complain nearly-as-much about doctors and engineers showing up as they do more competitors for manual labor slots .
