  * nuclear bombers running simulated attacks against a country with transponder off is a bit different from a reconaissance plane with transponder on . 
  * while it 's true that i do n't know this for certain , i would strongly suspect that the uk 's pilots are not buzzing russia 's bombers at ten feet of separation ; at that distance , a collision is a real risk . 
  i 'm not going to get * that * worked up over this , but the two are n't quite the same thing . 
  eh , context ...  in the quarter-century since the declaration , russia `` has made a successful breakthrough to democracy and a market economy , but also was able to establish itself as a modern , open and independent country , '' putin said . 
  compared to her history for the last 300 years , russia 's probably doing reasonably-well . 
  a substantial chunk of indians in the us also are n't coming in under refugee status , but [ on a h1-b skilled worker visa ] ( http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/indian-immigrants-united-states ) :  similar to early chinese and japanese immigrants , indian arrivals in the 19th century were largely unskilled and uneducated farmers . 
  most came to work in agriculture in california . 
  the restrictive immigration acts of 1917 and 1924 , which effectively banned immigration from asia , brought the already low levels of migration from india to a halt . 
  as of 1960 , there were only 12,000 indian immigrants in the united states , representing less than 0.5 percent of the 9.7 million foreign-born population at the time . 
    the 1965 immigration and nationality act , which removed origin-country quotas and created employment-based immigration channels , as well as subsequent legislation emphasizing highly skilled immigration provided an entry pathway for a growing number of professionals and students from india . 
  the immigration act of 1990 , which further refined temporary skilled worker categories and increased the number of permanent work-based visas , contributed to a rapid increase in the size of the indian-born population . 
  in contrast to the initial wave , the majority of post-1965 arrivals from india were young , educated urban dwellers , with strong english language skills . 
  from 1980 to 2013 , the indian immigrant population increased ten-fold , from 206,000 to 2.04 million , roughly doubling every decade ( see figure 1 ) . 
    today , indian citizens are the top recipients of temporary high-skilled worker h-1b visas , accounting for 70 percent of the 316,000 h-1b petitions ( initial and continuing employment ) approved by u.s. 
  citizenship and immigration services ( uscis ) in fiscal year ( fy ) 2014 . 
  india is also the second-largest sending country of international students to the united states after china : close to 103,000 indian-born students were enrolled in u.s. educational institutions in the 2013-14 school year . 
  you 're comparing a bunch of refugees from africa that are in the press at the moment , who may be defined merely by the characteristic that they managed to pay off a human smuggler to illegally dump them in europe , to some of the best-and-brightest people born in india who passed an extremely-competitive selection process to get into the us . 
  regardless of the destination country , you 're going to see a bit of a difference . 
  absolutely . 
  i think that we can all agree that one of the primary signs of imperial expansionism is booting countries out of your empire . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/succession_of_states#soviet_union  international convention since the end of the cold war has come to distinguish two distinct circumstances where such privileges are sought by such a successor state , in only the first of which may such successor states assume the name or privileged international position of their predecessor . 
  the first set of circumstances arose at the dissolution of the union of soviet socialist republics ( ussr ) in 1991 . 
  one of this federation 's constituent republics , the russian federation , was declared the ussr 's continuing state on the grounds that it contained 51 % of the population of the ussr and 77 % of its territory . 
  in consequence , russia agreed that it would acquire the ussr 's seat as a permanent member of the united nations security council . 
  [ 4 ] this was also accepted by the rest of the former states of the ussr ; in a letter dated 24 december 1991 , boris yeltsin , at the time president of the russian federation , informed the secretary-general that the membership of the soviet union in the security council and all other united nations organs was being continued by the russian federation with the support of the 11 member countries of the commonwealth of independent states . 
  [ 5 ] all soviet embassies became russian embassies . 
    on the other hand , the baltic states represent a special case . 
  an important tenet of the modern states of estonia , latvia and lithuania is that their incorporation into the soviet union from 1940 to 1991 amounted to an illegal occupation . 
  in 1991 when each baltic state regained their independence they claimed continuity directly from their pre-1940 status . 
  many other states share this view , and as such these states were not considered to be successor states of the soviet union . 
  as a consequence , the baltic states were able to simply re-establish diplomatic relations with many countries , re-affirm pre-1940 treaties still in force , and resume membership to many international organisations . 
  i do n't know of western countries where you 'd be executed for not serving time in the military . 
  go to jail , yes . 
  i 'd kinda like to know : ( a ) what qualifies as a recessive condition . 
  blue eyes and blonde hair are recessive traits ; do these need to be medically-problematic to some degree ? 
  ( b ) what percentage have recessive conditions at all . 
  for example , if there are 10 children in the uk with recessive conditions , and 3 of them are british pakistanis , that * would * qualify , and yet it would n't be tremendously-interesting to me . 
  sure , that 's a fair complaint . 
  rather different from the russia-fn thing , though . 
   close to the kremlin i realize that there 's a very real problem in that the kremlin is n't going to announce an invasion , but the phrase is weasly -- you can * always * find some sort of connection . 
  russia sent its air force in with the north vietnamese ... that one * did * end in their favor , i guess , though they also were n't the initial country sending troops in . 
  that 's correct , but if a bank extends a loan at terms that no other bank would , as it did to fn , that is legal , and if it does n't attempt to pursue a defaulted-upon loan , well ... that 's an effective transfer of money . 
  a * legal * transfer , even . 
  i do n't know . 
  does the us bankroll political parties in those countries ? 
   if they cut military spending , it 'll put people out of work in a situation where they likely could not find alternate employment . 
  they do n't want to put greeks out of work to pay foreign creditors . 
  there are going to be greeks out of work * anyway * , and them doing military work does n't directly drive economic recovery ( though i guess being able to call in the military in times of civil unrest might be important ... ), 
   finland joins nato . 
  i say possible , but not likely unless russia pulls at least one more big blooper sufficient to convince finland that it is at serious risk . 
  finland as a country does not currently believe that it will be attacked , as far as i can tell . 
  extremely unlikely if subsequent to finland joining nato . 
  maybe if russia wanted to preempt that joining . 
   nato allies start to help . 
  yes . 
   usa says it makes more sense to use european ground troops - which of course it does . 
  extremely dubious . 
  it would n't be a us-only operation , but a russian invasion of a nato member excluding us ground forces ? 
   stalemate because there 's not any nato desire to push russia back . 
  looking back at a list of countries who have tried the `` i 'll establish a list of * fait accompli * situations which will theoretically then just be accepted by the us '' approach : * [ japan bet , in world war ii , that it could acquire a big chunk of the pacific ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pacific_ocean_theater_of_world_war_ii ) , with europe otherwise tied up and the us much more inwards-looking . 
  once that had been pulled off , there 'd be no stomach to retake the land , and a favorable deal could be arranged with the us to buy them off . 
  * [ north korea bet that there would n't be substantial western commitment to supporting south korea ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/korean_war ) when it invaded and tried taking over . 
  * france , the uk , and israel ( * allies * that the us had an extremely-strong interest in not splitting with ) bet that the us would accept a * fait accompli * in [ taking over the suez ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/suez_crisis ) , though the us was opposed to attacking the middle east . 
  europe 's got their own collection too : one recent example was argentina thinking that the uk would [ never bother to fight back ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/falklands_war ) over a few motley islands a long ways away . 
  some of the worst bets that national leaderships have made in the past century regarding wars have taken the form of `` that other strong entity will totally just accept my invasion of x as long as i 'm audacious enough to take something in a surprise attack and as long as i can convince them that i 'll fight back hard , and if i give them some scraps to buy them off '' . 
  i think that they often wind up under-valuing how much that entity values the credibility of its security guarantees . 
  huh , you 're right -- that 's part of north america , so i wonder if nato could indeed be called in if the caribbean netherlands were attacked ... i should dig up whether article 5 covers territories of a country or not , as long as they are in north america or europe . 
   finland has never even considered fighting for an ally , neither would it . 
  i would pick germany for an ally over finland anyday , they may not always be willing , at least they do something , which is more than can be said about your country . 
  in finland 's defense , they did n't get much help from most other countries in their last big conflict . 
  yeah , greece is the one country that i 'd think * should * get a pass -- things have been dire enough for some time that unless greece expects to * immediately * be attacked , it should be using the money on its most immediate and urgent needs . 
  one possibility -- military spending might be a route for corruption . 
  another possibility -- there might be contractual obligations in place that are n't easy to break ( e.g. 
  military pensions , say ) . 
  iirc , the us numbers were also lower for domestic defense than a nato ally . 
  i think that you 're missing a very important element of that question . 
  the `` should < my country  defend a fellow nato ally ? '', 
  was talking about your * country * fighting . 
  you may or may not personally be on the front lines , as not all of the populace is conscripted in the event of a conflict . 
  the `` would * you * fight to defend your country ? '', 
  question was talking about whether you , personally , would fight . 
  it 's a result that is also entirely-compatible with wanting someone * else * who happens to fight in your country 's uniform to go out and fight somewhere . 
  the us has had a lot of conflicts since vietnam , but has n't drafted anyone since then ... and even if it did , it only drafts a chunk of the populace , and large chunks of the populace can not be drafted anyway . 
  sure , was just that `` brain surgery '' and `` rocket science '' are the two ( well , at least in english and in the us ) terms used as generic phrases to refer to fields that require very bright , expert practitioners . 
   the indians , pakistanis , and chinese all have road mobile launchers the material i was reading dates back to when both sides were first introducing their nuclear capabilities . 
  how easy is it to hide a launcher ? 
  they 'd certainly be visible to current spy satellites . 
   the chinese have a no first use policy ... how much does this actually mean , though ? 
  if you ever reached the point where you were seriously considering nuclear war anyway , the validity of such a treaty would be uninteresting -- either your enemy or both of you are about to get annihilated . 
  hmm . 
  anyone want to explain what the practical impact of this is ? 
  the us started out pretty much the same way -- a bunch of disunited , very different rebellious would-be countries that often did n't think much of each other and were only temporarily working together because of a military emergency , where [ the most-effective selling point for advocates of federalism was the personal threat to themselves that would occur if they did not unite to fight against outside threats ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/join,_or_die ) . 
  if it 's a flaw in europeans , it was one that americans shared in their early days : http://www.iep.lisboa.ucp.pt/resources/documentos/estoril%20political%20forum%202013/gordon%20wood.pdf  since the colonists had always thought of themselves as englishman or britons , they were slow to think of themselves as `` americans . '' they shared no common history except as britons . 
  they shared no common historic institutions except the crown and parliament . 
  beyond their particular individual colony , their focus was on the mother country across the atlantic , not on the other colonies . 
  until the continental congress met in philadelphia 1774 , more of its members had been to london than had been to philadelphia . 
    during the colonial period they did not call themselves americans . 
  it was  the british officials in london who called the north american colonists `` americans . '' british officials were the ones who throughout the first half of the eighteenth century had imagined and feared the possibility of an independent america . 
  in their minds they created america before the colonists did . 
  it took the imperial crisis of 1765-1776 to convince the colonists that they should have a separate destiny from the englishmen at home .
