  * the us did capture [ the ttpi from japan in world war ii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trust_territory_of_the_pacific_islands ) , and * did * hang onto them for a while , but gave them their independence in the 1980s . 
  * the us constructed the panama canal and took it over pre-world war ii ; the panama canal was returned to the panamanians in 1999 as per agreement made in 1977 . 
  the annexation of the continental us 's land , the wars with spain and mexico and the uk , the american civil war where a number of states were forcibly and unwillingly returned to the fold ... that was all well before world war ii . 
  aside from a short [ stint since 2012 ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2012-02-29/u-s-was-net-oil-product-exporter-in-2011 ) due to a hydrofracking-induced abundance of oil , the us has n't been a net petroleum product exporter since the 1940s . 
  certainly it would be difficult to call the us 's economy a petro-economy . 
  syriza 's responsibility is to greece , not to the collection of leftist parties across europe . 
  now , the move might be a bad one as greece goes , but insofar as other countries go ... if they were to sacrifice greece 's interests to aid , say , a leftist party in , oh , bulgaria , surely greek voters would have cause to object ? 
   and everyone was fully aware of it at the time i was n't . 
  if i approached a random man on the streets of europe and asked him `` are greece 's numbers permitting them in false '' at the time of greece 's accession , what would he have said ? 
   just a couple months ago i was at a `` football riot '' when osu won the national championship . 
  cops were getuped in full desert camo ( lol wtf ) and with what looked like m4s or ar-15s as well as a giant mrap . 
  all right , fair enough -- wearing camouflage is a new one on me . 
  to be fair , it sounds like the post-osu anti-raid business is because in 2002 , osu had a riot that resulted in broken limbs , 20 wrecked cars , and 100 fires , and the university president apologizing to the public . 
   the only way this stops is when we meet force with force . 
  it is our duty as citizens and patriots to take up arms against tyrants that presume to rule us . 
  i 'm enthusiastic about a citizen militia ( including existing as the ability to provide the ability to revolt ; that 's the last insurance ) , but i 'm just not seeing much that i 'd object to here . 
  wiretapping , violation of search-and-seizure laws , imprisonment without trial , secret courts ... those things will get me pretty twitchy . 
  but riot police having vehicles with windows that ca n't be broken in ? 
  in that prior osu riot i mentioned above , i see that some car honked at a crowd of rioters blocking the street that it was trying to drive down ; the windshield was smashed in , the occupants pulled out of the car and beaten , and the car flipped over . 
  i 'd probably want a window that could n't be bashed in too ... 
   why does the police need amoured military vehicles that are supposed to be driven in combat zones ? 
  reselling surplus ( unarmed ) apcs ? 
  they occasionally use them in two cases that i know of : * riots . 
  same idea as riot shields and helmets ; it prevents officers from being injured by rocks and stuff . 
  * for swat entries . 
  one example was in the infamous [ north hollywood shootout ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_hollywood_shootout ) ; there , the swat team just commandeered a bank armored car that was nearby , but if they have one that they know that they can use , it means that they have a form of protection other than shooting first . 
  private industry also makes armored vehicles specially-for police use ( the [ bearcat ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lenco_bearcat ) is probably the most-commonly seen ) , and while these are typically ( from the price tags i 've looked at , at least ) cheaper if purchased new , they 're still more-expensive than a used surplus armored vehicle . 
  these are n't tanks : they 're unarmed apcs , vans with some armor on the outside that will stop a rifle round . 
  occasionally people who are worried about assassinations , or famous people ( the president , some officials ) will also pick up armored cars , like the presidential limousine . 
  these have big , thick windows with bulletproof glass ; same sort of idea , but they do n't carry many people . 
  * bases are n't equal in size , though ; i 'm not sure that a total count is all that interesting . 
  [ naval station norfolk ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naval_station_norfolk ) has 80,000 active-duty personnel on base . 
  [ naval magazine , indian island , washington ] ( http://navy.memorieshop.com/bremerton/indian-island.html ) has 12 active-duty members on base . 
  * a large chunk of military funding goes to military contractors ; it 's not just military bases . 
   the right to strike down member state legislation was n't even in force when alexander hamilton as first secretary of the treasury assumed the revolutionary war debts . 
  wait , what ? 
  are you talking about the us supreme court overruling things as violating the us constitution ? 
  the federal legislature should n't be able to strike down member state legislation today . 
  that 's not to say that sometimes it ( unfortunately , in my eyes ) does n't poke its fingers in by trying to withhold subsidy dollars to force through legislation , as with raising drinking ages in exchange for federal interstate dollars , but it should n't have any direct authority there . 
  hmm . 
  okay , but is n't that as much a condemnation of the legitimacy of the greek government under the more-mainstream parties as it is the present ones ? 
  might have sovereignty and political issues , but what about external law enforcement aid , like funding an independent financial investigation organization to investigate corruption ? 
  i realize that nobody has a `` fix corruption '' magic button , but i had n't appreciated , until talking to a few people from around the world , how overwhelmingly corruption is considered to be the primary roadblock to development . 
  it seems like one of the largest problems to solve in the world today , and it does n't seem like it attracts the kind of attention that producing potable water or addressing disease does . 
   remember , syriza might have won the election but it only received about 1/3 of the votes , and it only managed to do so because it invested in heavily populist propaganda and succeeded in harnessing discontent regarding greece 's ruling regime . 
  what were the greek voters to do ? 
  they had two parties that were running the government during the corruption that created the initial problem . 
  they booted them out ; arguably the top priority . 
  there was golden dawn ( which benefited somewhat anyway ) , syriza , the communists , and a handful of even-smaller and younger and less-known parties . 
  i realize that the regions of europe are a bit fuzzy , but surely greece can not be considered part of eastern europe ? 
  no international relations expert , but i will happily muse ... 
  even if russia is n't going to do this ( i doubt it would ) , it is in both russia 's and greece 's interest to make it look like this might happen . 
   `` if there is no deal , and if we see that germany remains rigid and wants to blow europe apart , then we will have to go to plan b , '' said panos kammenos , who heads the leftist-led administration 's junior rightwing partner independent greeks . 
  a plan b would include athens looking towards russia , the us or china , he added . 
  in what way would it be in us interests to cut a deal with greece to have the us eat greek debt ? 
  the us has already had plenty of opportunities to step in , and has not done so . 
  it would be bad for european unity in general , which my understanding is that the us has been supportive of since at least the marshall plan . 
  it would be bad for us-eu relations , and doubly-so in how mr. kammenos is trying to directly play russia/china/us against the eu . 
  it would have the us effectively paying for money that vanished into corruption and financial policies that the us has every reason to discourage . 
  i suspect that the us is probably going to be even-less sympathetic to left-wing efforts than the eu is . 
  what can greece offer the us that would make it want to jump in ? 
  greece leaving nato would probably make the us 's life more difficult , i guess , and i guess syriza could threaten that , but , but it seems that that would be far less-interesting to the us than it is to europe , and that clearly has n't sold europe . 
  how about russia ? 
  that makes a bit more sense , i guess . 
  russia might want military bases in the mediterranean that do n't require passing through the bosphorous , and greece could provide those . 
  russia 's used kaliningrad as a place to forward-deploy weapons just within the last few months , and greece would be smack-dab in the heart of europe . 
  russia would like to break the eu up , and particularly if it thinks that it can start a trend among eu members , that would be in its interests . 
  the image of countries wanting to establish partnerships with russia * might * help in a world where a lot of worried countries are taking a cautionary step away . 
  maybe . 
  but russia is having its own financial problems , and russia is probably unenthusiastic about handing over a bunch of real wealth to europe via greece . 
  my guess is that russia can probably find better uses for its resources than in greece . 
  china ? 
  i do n't know what greece and china cutting a deal would do for china ; china does n't seem to have a lot of economic , political , or military interests that align with greece 's . 
  greece would need * grants * from any of these , not loans : the whole point is that greece 's credit was long-since maxed out . 
  i do n't see how any of these countries in any way have more-interest in greece than the eu and the creditors in europe do , and if those are already unwilling to budge further ... 
  i 'd be interested in where that was . 
  i 've never seen police wearing camouflage as part of their on-duty dress ( i suppose maybe a plainclothes police officer could conceivably wear something camouflage cloth in a backcountry area to blend in , maybe , but that seems to be stretching it ... ) can you clarify what you mean by `` military weaponry '' ? 
  are you talking about `` no proper training '' with that weaponry , or what ? 
  swat teams , the sort of people who would be called into a armed standoff , might carry ar-pattern rifles ( though i believe that these are normally select-fire ; not automatic ) that will externally look like the american military rifles . 
  these are normal , no-special permit-required civilian equipment , and not normally carried by most officers ; it 's preferable to not have weapons that penetrate through walls a long ways . 
  normally , a police officer will carry a handgun and possibly a shotgun in his car , though . 
  edit : okay , military policemen in the actual military would probably wear the standard military camouflage outfit , but i assume that neither of us are referring to them . 
   only 7 states have a higher population than belgium but many european nations are much smaller ; remember that we 're also talking about extremes like vatican city and lichtenstein . 
  it 's not * completely * comparable , true , but it 's much closer than comparing the us as one country to any european country . 
  the us has a population of 320m and 50 states . 
  europe ( excluding russia ) has a population of 599m and 49 countries . 
  now , if you 're caring about the world , that 's fine ; but a lot of people seem to take knowledge of europe as demonstrating knowledge of the world , whereas comparable knowledge of north america does n't count ... 
  we may not have hard ai yet , but we 've successfully automated humanity !, 
   union of blame nonsense . 
  germany got blame before the eu too !, 
   ... bound by debt and bilateral trading agreements . 
  i 'm assuming that you 're opposed to free trade with other countries , then , for fear of trade imbalances ? 
  also , turkey is a major nato member and is very much not in the eu . 
  there is a [ strong separation on use of the military for a police role ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/posse_comitatus_act ) in the way that , for example , some countries in the americas use it . 
  the doctrine under which police operate is different from that of the military . 
  if you want to make a claim like that , you 're going to need to define what `` militarize '' means precisely . 
  if it 's just an emotionally-loaded way to say `` the police are armed '' , we can certainly agree that they 're armed ... 
  while i admit that i 'm getting a little tired of it too , since i was willing to believe nato 's claims from the get-go and disbelieve russia 's , it really is true that the right response to a country lying about its actions is to come back with data demonstrating that it is lying and showing the methodology . 
  you do n't just yell `` you 're lying '' harder , since that comes back to how much trust people are willing to put in each organization , and some people will * never * believe such a claim on those grounds . 
  same thing with all sorts of other hoaxes and false claims over the years ; i remember people who knew the microsoft word kerning engine demonstrating that [ documents making negative claims about dubya 's air national guard days ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/killian_documents_controversy ) were forgeries , slowly exhausting all the possibilities for legitimate production .
