  the american businessman speaks no german . 
  so he hires an interpreter . 
  the conference goes smoothly until , at one point , the interpreter stops translating as the german is still speaking . 
    the american gets impatient and asks the interpreter , `` why are n't you translating ? '', 
    the interpreter answers , `` i 'm waiting for the verb . '', 
  there , the mental buffering would happen any times the verb-noun ordering differs between the two languages that are translated between . 
  i 'm pretty sure that for most of us , the mental image relies heavily upon knowing the noun . 
  so in english , doing the translation from english to a mental image requires a set of modifiers and a noun , and ca n't really start until the noun comes in : `` i want to eat a big , red , wet , delicious , salty , octopus . '', 
  i would n't mind the english language having the romance ordering , frankly -- i think that that legitimately makes more sense , and i have a hard time seeing the english approach providing any benefits . 
  personally , i 'd be more likely to purchase a greek bond if greece defaulted on all of its existing debt . 
  i think that it would probably increase my chances of being paid back , since i would n't be competing with existing lenders . 
  a lender is only interested in what their chances in isolation of being paid back are . 
  that may well not mean that defaulting on that debt is a good idea for greece ( and i would want some other things , like being convinced that greece would have the financial ability to pay back that debt , though that 's not unique to me ) . 
   the thing is though , if any country is allowed to opt-out of any policy implemented by the eu , then the union as an entity is useless . 
  that 's understandable , but is the uk actually asking for that to be the case , or to engage in confederation ? 
  i hear `` well , we like what we have ... we just do n't want to go further '' . 
  would you say that the * status quo * for the uk is a problem ? 
  that the terms are too generous , and that the uk should stop having the existing association and * then * renegotiate with the bloc to obtain what it presently has , perhaps with more costs to itself ? 
  that the existing status was only ever granted because there was a universally-accepted bargain that entailed future bitter medicine ? 
  that trade association was merely the sugar to sell what came next ? 
  that is n't the impression that i got that residents of the uk had . 
  is the view of other eu members that the uk obtained what it had under the false pretenses , that it deliberately waited until it had a trade agreement that would never have been otherwise-accepted to announce that it did not want to have open borders ? 
   if the majority is in favour , those in opposition should be given the chance to leave and then rearrange the trade deals and agreements with the eu individually . 
  why must the existing agreements be terminated ? 
  why can not , today , the `` second tier '' be established , one for confederation , and one for federation , and let the uk and anyone else who wants confederation simply halt at this point ? 
   because , to the eyes of many , it seems like the uk wants all the benefits ( free movement of goods and capital ) without having to compromise in anything else . 
  but surely this agreement is bidirectional , yes ? 
  the uk has open trade access to the wider continental market , but so in turn does the wider continental market have access to the uk . 
  is that not the equitable exchange that one would expect ? 
  certainly were the us to open its markets to a country , all that i 'd expect in return ( actually , i would n't even expect * that * , but that 's probably an extreme minority opinion , and here i 'm trying to represent what most would expect ) is for that country to open its markets in return . 
  there is no additional expectation that people from the us would then be able to reside without restriction in a country , or visa versa . 
  perhaps people see schengen in its role as opening labor markets to eastern european labor , as a price for the prior benefit . 
  i would certainly think of schengen , or an agreement in its field , as something that stands alone as another exchange . 
  to adopt schengen would mean that domestic unskilled labor in wealthy countries would take a clobbering , yes ... but it would also mean that domestic businesses that * rely * upon unskilled labor would greatly-benefit . 
  it affects the relative allocation of resources within the uk , true , but i do n't see how it is a one-sided benefit to eastern europe . 
  if the uk keeps labor markets closed , and thus cuts out lower-priced labor , but has a free trade agreement with areas that have an open labor market , it will mean , in the longer term , that the uk will presumably become uncompetitive in some industries . 
  a factory could be economically-viable in germany and france that would not be economically-viable in the uk . 
  in those fields , uk industry will go out-of-business , and the uk will be required to rely upon those british industries that * are * viable to generate trade to obtain the products of those newly-viable industries . 
  that 's a drawback to the uk . 
  perhaps politicians in other countries sold it differently from how politicians in the uk did ? 
  that is , the uk told its people `` we have a trade agreement , and perhaps we will make more agreements later '' , and , say , poland said `` we have accepted this onerous trade agreement ... but we must agree to this , because it will result in the opening of labor markets , which is what we truly want . '', 
  it is now the different expectations of the two groups being resolved ? 
  that for a uk resident , this appears to be a bait-and-switch , where other countries are withdrawing from stand-alone agreements that they have already committed to , and for a polish resident , that this appears to be the uk failing to follow through on implicit commitments that were the only reason that earlier agreements were ever accepted ? 
   there are no basic and premium memberships . 
  when it started it was all about economy and trade . 
  since then , it has been evolving to something political and it is evident that the end goal is to establish a united political entity . 
  the impression i get , as someone who perhaps has less-closely-followed eu coverage than someone who lives there , is that the idea of a `` multi-speed europe '' was very widespread concept , at least a few years ago ; certainly * the economist * regularly used the term . 
  that [ numerous examples ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:supranational_european_bodies-en.png ) exist in europe where one particular country was permitted to accept some degree of integration , but not required to then go further as a necessary condition of membership in one agreement ; this seems to me to be what i 'd call a `` basic and premium membership '' . 
  i agree that there is clearly support for a federal entity among many members , and certainly that they would have fertile grounds for complaint were the uk to prevent them for forming a federation . 
  but in turn , it seems to me that the uk has equal grounds for objecting to the idea that the threat of cancellation of existing agreements should be used as leverage to try to require that the uk enter that federation . 
  [ a large male lion might be 200 kg ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lion ) ; the [ largest on record in the wild was 318 kg ] ( http://bigcats2.tripod.com/cat_facts.html ) . 
  california 's flag has a [ california grizzly ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/california_grizzly_bear ) :  in 1866 , a grizzly weighing 2,200 pounds ( 1,000 kg ) was killed in valley center , california , the biggest bear ever found in california , [ 2 ] unsurpassed until john lang shot the world 's biggest bear -- 2,320 pounds ( 1,050 kg ) -- near his ranch by canyon country [ california ] , in 1873 . 
   and that they do look for industrial secrets i still do n't buy into the existence of us-state-run industrial espionage ( not that it 's a * bad * idea to adopt practices that would avoid it , mind , as it also protects against private attempts , which i am very confident exist ) . 
  but that 's not really what i 'm getting at . 
  nobody is going to dispute that in , say , 2000 , the fbi could obtain phone wiretaps . 
  that obviously involves monitoring , but it 's not as if the public doubts in any way that this can happen . 
  however , [ this 9/11-fallout nsa business ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/room_641a ) was a very different matter , and there were no shortage of people who were very dubious about such a thing truly existing . 
  technically - * possible * , yes , but actually in existence ? 
   op editorialised the title to omit the word ukip . 
  are you sure ? 
  sometimes publications change their webpages without leaving a notice , and it 's not like / r/europe has a bot snapshotting link submission targets or anything to check against . 
  nafta was passed , and i recall similar-sounding doom-and-gloom objections from various organizations in the us to it . 
  honestly , you should just go put a webpage up somewhere , and every time you explain something , put it on that page as another item , and then just link to the particular item in your posts here , as the ttip people do n't seem to have a faq page up themselves ( and i wonder if lack of that contributes to the mess ) . 
   they just jump on the ` we are being screwed ' bandwagon . 
  i 'm not worried about ttip , but i 'd point out that skepticism might be a good position to take , in the absence of information . 
  so maybe the problem is that the ttip people do n't have a `` basic facts '' page up explaining , for example , why negotiations are n't public ( which i do n't object to * now * , but had the same gut reaction at first ) , something that people can be linked to . 
  i think that arguably they should be expected to do so . 
  as an aside , i do n't know if there 's a term for this sort of practice -- somewhat-unintuitive fact gets raised in a misleading way periodically , where people who run into it for the first time are outraged . 
  my favorite example : the us congress * always * has a very low overall approval rating ... think in the teens or maybe 20 % . 
  people like their own legislator , but do n't trust congress as a whole . 
  on the * other * hand , the us president has a much higher approval rating . 
  this is consistently the case . 
  so every now and then , whichever party controls the presidency at a moment when the other party controls the legislature will trot out the approval ratings and present them as being representative of the nation 's position of their policy positions . 
  predictably , the supporters of the party controlling the presidency are outraged that the other side could be getting away with such rotten and hated policies , yet still remain in office . 
  i 've seen both the dems and the gop pull this one over the years . 
  i guess it 's not very interesting in a parliamentary legislature , since control of the executive is determined by control of the legislature , but i would n't be surprised if it applies to other governments with a separation between the executive and the legislature . 
  this conversation is fun . 
   / u/sturle   ttip is an attempt to make us law universal . 
  nothing else . 
  [ snip ] discussion about the opponent of ttip mentioned here :  he 's anti nhs , does n't believe in man made climate change , is opposed to same sex marriage , is opposed to anti discrimination legislation , is opposed to anti gun legislation and advocates removing legal barriers to firing employees . 
  well , make up your mind . 
  you ca n't have it both ways . 
  the british empire was already starting to separate up by world war ii . 
  i do n't think that that timeframe made sense . 
  and in terms of direct impact , the suez crisis affected control of an admittedly-valuable but rather small portion of the old british empire . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/canada%e2%80%93united_states_softwood_lumber_dispute i 've vaguely-heard mention before , but not very familiar with it . 
  afaict : * us lumber companies ( extremely-dubiously , to my quick skim ) claimed that canada was providing government subsidies to canada 's lumber industry to drive us lumber companies out of business . 
  * they asked for a tariff to be imposed on canadian lumber , which would let them charge the us consumer more . 
  * they managed to get successful legislative support to do so . 
  * canada complains that this violates free trade agreements . 
  it looks like this particular spat expires october 2015 . 
  broadly-speaking , every time i 've seen someone mention anti-dumping laws , it 's looked pretty dubious that this is a real case of a foreign government choosing to sacrifice other industries in order to drive a us industry into the ground . 
  the us public also loses out if anti-dumping tariffs are improperly imposed ( the particular protected industry benefits , at the cost of other industry and people in the country ) , and i 'd be kind of interested in whether maybe just completely-terminating anti-dumping laws would be a good idea . 
  you did have protestant-vs-catholic bit ( or for some of southern europe , christianity-versus-islam ) . 
  that 's not a big deal now , but i 'd actually say that that was a * vastly * rougher dispute than slavery . 
  for abolitionists , slavery often represented a grave moral wrong , and permitting it having a country that was doing something profoundly immoral . 
  it was something that was seen by some as a legacy of a class-oriented society , which a substantial chunk of us states specifically were trying to get away from or had other issues with . 
  for secessionists , it represented a massive , across-the-country business loss ( there was no prospect of the public being willing to have the federal government compensating slaveowners for slaves at market rate for the entire country , so for people who took out huge debt to buy slaves as a capital good , abolition meant financial ruin ) . 
  the uk [ may have people who disliked this ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/britains-colonial-shame-slaveowners-given-huge-payouts-after-abolition-8508358.html ) practice of [ compensated emancipation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/compensated_emancipation ) , but it was part of the reason that the uk could abolish slavery without a civil war . 
  slaveowners had watched the [ extremely-bloody haitian slave revolution ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/haitian_revolution ) with alarm , and were worried about having free , armed ex-slaves .
