  as long as they were n't forced into a fight and could simply keep raiding , it was impossible for the military they were fighting to win . 
   the reason why germany did not attack switzerland was , because hitler never issued the order to do so . 
  plans for an invasion were in place and we would not have hold out longer than france . 
    why hitler did not issue the order can only be speculated , but our tunnels for coal deliveries to italy and our willingness to buy their gold most certainly plaid a bigger role than our sorry excuse of an army . 
  the strategy taken was intended to make the swiss army and militia hold out longer than france had . 
  there 's no heavy equipment or a huge army required for this approach to be successful . 
  how long a country can hold out is n't simply calculated by measuring the size of its army or counting how many planes it has . 
  it does n't need to formally `` retain control '' over any part of the country to continue resistance . 
  france [ was n't able to hold out for long ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_france ) because france never planned to extend the conflict : france wanted to have a traditional battle with uniformed soldiers and visible equipment where germany was first stopped , then overwhelmed , and germany was never permitted to enter the areas that france was protecting . 
  france did n't threaten germany with guerrilla warfare ( nor would extending the conflict have been as much of a threat at that time , anyway ) . 
   furthermore the army was just hiding in the mountains anyway , while the population was completely unprotected . 
  that 's an necessary cost of a guerrilla conflict : it 's not possible to control where the occupiers go . 
  it 's just possible to inflict harm on them and keep the costs of the occupation above any benefits that they get out of the occupation . 
  but that 's okay : it was n't necessary to separate the german military from the swiss population for the threat to be credible . 
  i do n't see how what you 're saying in any way conflicts with me . 
  the goal there , as in any guerrilla warfare , is to increase the cost of the occupation to the point where it is unacceptable to the occupier , and it was the threat of fighting guerrilla warfare against a populace that was dissuasive . 
  germany had limited military resources to expend on an occupation ; tying down soldiers would damage germany 's ability to conduct a war . 
  arming the populace means that there 's no real end to the conflict : there 's no way of knowing when soldiers will be shot at . 
  kill everyone in the country ( which might be one extreme measure ) , and the invader has gained little of value ; he wants to have people submitting to him and working for him , not empty land . 
  spread out his military , and he 's vulnerable to being attacked by the less-powerful force wherever they choose to concentrate . 
  concentrate it , and he gives up control of most of the country . 
  there 's no military base to find , no army to surround and wipe out , no way to rapidly-win . 
  the [ viet cong ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/vietnam_war ) and the [ algerians ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/algerian_war ) won their conflicts ; the [ iraqis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/iraq_war ) were perhaps less-successful but still relied upon the fact that us soldiers could not remain in iraq forever . 
  all of those had a military that did n't really have other immediate obligations : there was an open-ended occupation that could , assuming sufficient will on the part of the occupier , stretch on for a long time . 
  germany does n't have that : switzerland knows that germany can not conduct a long occupation with many soldiers and makes use of the threat of this to avoid the war . 
  no prospect of guerrilla warfare without armed guerrillas , and there 's no credible threat ; it was necessary to have the armed guerrillas to present the threat . 
  it [ worked well in world war ii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/henri_guisan#defence_of_the_nation ) in terms of discouraging germany until the war was over : germany could not afford to tie up troops for a long time , and switzerland promised that any invasion would result in long-term guerrilla activity from armed citizens . 
  germany would have preferred a defense at the border from a weaker army that could be quickly-beaten , but for switzerland 's goal of making themselves an unpleasant-to-swallow porcupine , it worked well . 
  if germany had won world war ii , an armed citizen militia would not have been enough to permanently hold out against a larger army . 
  just depends upon what your goals are . 
  cheap east asia human labor has been beating cheap robot labor ( plus slightly-less transport costs ) in most manufactured product categories that i can think of . 
  most consumer items i buy were not made in the us . 
   this is very very good news for the eu economies . 
  well ... it means that the population of the eu has just had their wages lowered ( and savings decreased ) . 
  that does make them more-competitive as workers , but i 'm not sure that i 'd call a weak currency inherently good and a strong currency inherently bad . 
  note that it * is * possible to share capacity . 
  two examples : * france and the uk are two countries with a strong reason to want to have aircraft carrier capability : they have possessions around the world . 
  it 's unlikely that they 'd * simultaneously * need aircraft carriers , but they need to have carriers available . 
  the problem is that aircraft carriers are quite expensive . 
  other european nations do not have such possessions or such a concern . 
  the cost of maintaining aircraft carriers has meant that france has three `` helicopter carriers '' , which are too small for regular , non-vtol aircraft to operate from , and only one traditional carrier . 
  the uk has one helicopter carrier . 
  the lack of aircraft carrier capability was a serious concern in the falklands war , since one of the main ways that argentina could win would be by managing to use exocet missiles or similar to sink the uk 's aircraft carrier capability , and the use aircraft to keep non-aircraft-carrier ships away from the falklands . 
  thatcher arranged to have reagan promise that if the uk lost one of its aircraft carriers , reagan would turn over one of the us 's helicopter carriers for a while , to fill in the gap . 
  if france and the uk were comfortable that they could operate together for the forseeable future , and they were comfortable taking the risks to defend the other side 's possessions , and they are comfortable trusting each other , they could agree to share aircraft carrier capability . 
  that would make both stronger relative to how much each spends on aircraft carriers . 
  * [ strategic airlift capability ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/strategic_airlift_capability ) . 
  the us has a * ton * of heavy airlift capacity , but while it 's nice to have that available , most countries do n't actually need it on a regular basis : it 's just a waste of money to have excess airlift capacity sitting around . 
  however , if a country does have airlift capacity , it means that it can put its military just about anywhere in the world and supply it just about anywhere : it 's nice to have . 
  a collection of countries pool resources to keep a handful of an-124s and c-17s available . 
  that means that no one country needs to maintain an entire heavy-lift aircraft and supporting maintenance and so forth capacity . 
  that also means that if one needs to be maintained , say , no country loses its entire capacity . 
  it does n't have to be the whole eu , and does n't have to be entire militaries : europe has * tons * of different groups of countries that cooperate on different things . 
  i hear a lot of people calling out coalition members as fools , but honestly , from the standpoint of the greek voter , who did you want them to vote for ? 
  the top priority was probably to boot out the two parties ( pasok and to a lesser degree nd ) most-involved with trashing greece 's finances , and greek voters did that ; i think that that was sensible ; it has to be made clear that the greek people wo n't accept this . 
  the remaining top options : * golden dawn . 
  greece was getting a lot of flak about voting them in , and i assume that most people would rather have syriza in than golden dawn . 
  * the river . 
  less than a year old at the time of the election , little reputation . 
  * the communist party of greece . 
  probably not who i would vote in for economic reforms if there 's any other option . 
  * independent greeks : a coalition partner and the source of some of the wacky statements next to syriza . 
  all-in-all , i think that greek voters probably made the best of a bad situation . 
  so far , as far as i know , syriza and independent greeks have not been out making corruption-driven purchases . 
  they take over-the-top , hostile-to-creditors verbal positions ( because for an unhappy greek people , this is probably popular ) , but in terms of actual policy , i do n't believe that anything has really changed in terms of paying off debt , at least thsu far . 
  you can find us presidents trying to make a big deal of how religious they are to make the religious crowd happy , for example , even though they probably really do n't care : it 's crowd-pleasing . 
  i think that the greek people probably did more-or-less the right thing once things had actually gone badly south and they realized the real state of affairs . 
  i also think that the political parties in power are probably doing more-or-less what any other political party in greece would be doing , which probably is n't all that unreasonable or problematic . 
  maybe i 'll be wrong , and * actual * property will start being confiscated to support world war ii reparations . 
  but i doubt it . 
   if northern mexico broke of and became a new independent nation called texas , i 'm sure that would make us relations tougher for them . 
  that would be hilarious . 
   germany is vilified in every country in the eu . 
  these polls have been posted before , but to repeat : http://www.pewglobal.org/2012/05/29/chapter-4-views-of-eu-countries-and-leaders/  germany is the most respected eu country among those nations surveyed . 
  roughly eight-in-ten people in france ( 84 % ) , the czech republic ( 80 % ) and poland ( 78 % ) hold a favorable view of germany . 
  the greeks , however , are harshly critical of germany . 
  only 21 % have a positive view of germany , while 78 % have an unfavorable view . 
  berlin 's hard line in dealing with the euro crisis may have cost it some support among its fellow eu members . 
  germany 's favorability is down 10 points in spain since 2011 , down six points in france and britain . 
  [ snip ]  among the major european countries , greece is clearly the least popular . 
  and its reputation is slipping . 
  in no country , other than greece itself , is there a majority with a favorable view of greece . 
  only 25 % of the czech 's have a positive opinion of the aegean nation . 
  polish favorable rating of greece has fallen 28 points since 2010 , spanish ratings of greece are down 16 points and favorability of greece among the british has declined 12 points . 
  just 27 % of germans see greece in a positive light and that is down 13 points from 2010 . 
  in france , 45 % judge greece favorably , down 20 points from 2010 . 
  contrary to the views of other europeans , 71 % of the greeks have a favorable view of their own country . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2013/05/13/the-new-sick-man-of-europe-the-european-union/ the most-negative material i see is that either france or germany are generally-viewed viewed as the most-arrogant , and either germany or the uk as the least-compassionate . 
   i am spanish ... you european people ? 
  [ relatively-low homeownership rate ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/international/germany/chancellor-merkel-rejects-findings-of-ecb-wealth-report-a-895365.html ) . 
  homeownership ( well , barring people taking out a ton of debt against their homes ) forces some degree of wealth accumulation . 
   they faked there numbers and blackmailed germany to join the euro and now they blackmail germany again , because they were n't fit for the euro in the first place . 
  well : * i assume that * der spiegel * is going to highlight whatever is most-outrageous to a german reader , since that drives readers . 
  * i assume that both of the members of the greek coalition , who have defined themselves by their resistance and have n't changed anything on the top issue for a greek voter , need to show that they 're resisting somehow . 
  * while it might be easy to highlight germany , the truth is simply that every other country on earth was at * least * as unwilling to extend money as germany ( and other current eu creditors ; using germany as a stand-in ) were . 
  germany was willing to extend loans assuming austerity assurances . 
  the united states , columbia , and sri lanka were n't willing to even do that . 
  in substantial part because of china and friends . 
   [ lavrov said ] in general , russia would celebrate if every country in the european union would guide themselves by their own interests , he said . 
  i believe you .
