  incandescent lighting gave way to lower-heat fluorescent , affecting heating requirements on light . 
  central air conditioning and the associated ducting became the norm in the us . 
  the role of the lady of the house changed and the kitchen [ often became much-more integrated with the dining and living rooms ] ( http://inhabitat.com/how-kitchen-design-has-evolved-over-the-last-century/ ) . 
  yes , sufficiently-radical remodeling can address some of these , but at a certain point , it makes * sense * to construct a new house to keep pace with the change in technology and social shifts . 
   the problem is america had and still had a race to the bottom build everything cheap < shrug  there is inexpensive housing in the united states , and there is very expensive housing . 
  just as anywhere else in the world , you can build a steel-frame house , or prefab concrete slab , or ( depending upon climate ) adobe or brick or wood or whatever you want . 
   it is say phoenix or orlando will never be historic . 
  i suspect that most cities anywhere around the world will have some buildings that will be retained as examples of earlier architecture . 
   mcmansion are the equivalent of peasant huts whereas a stone and brick house conveys class . 
  well , you 're certainly free to place your preferences where you 'd like them . 
  my point is simply that the criteria you used earlier of `` unnecessary '' is too weak to be useful ; almost everything we do is `` unnecessary '' as far as that goes . 
  i like my ac ; i plan to continue to use it , but i certainly do n't expect other people to do the same if they do n't want to do so . 
  it 's probably true that in today 's world its cost is still not yet realistic for everyone on the planet , but as we improve our productivity , as a species , and as the global standard of living rises , i have hopes that we will get ever-closer to being able to provide things like ac globally ; our ability to provide food , for example , has significantly increased over the past hundred years . 
  rather seed the ocean to produce plankton blooms or something along those lines . 
   for sure , there are advantages of air-conditioned rooms even europeans ca n't easily dismiss : studies clearly show that cooling improves work efficiency during summers as well as sleep patterns , and even reduces mortality . 
  so why would europeans simply relinquish such advantages ? 
  what 's the average age of a typical european residence ? 
  if a building predates a/c availability , it may be designed in such a way that requires expensive retrofitting to have a central air conditioner . 
  [ outside of the northeast , which has the oldest buildings in the us ] ( http://www.eia.gov/consumption/residential/reports/2009/air-conditioning.cfm ) , central air conditioning is far more common than window units in the us . 
  what about design elements in pre-a/c homes that are n't a/c friendly ? 
  in a hot climate , in a * non - * a/c environment , you very much want high ceilings , and a well-ventilated , breezy house to provide more space for heat generated by humans and appliances to flow into and to flow out of the house . 
  that 's the opposite of what you want if you have a/c -- you want to minimize surface area . 
  there 's a whole class of journalists who write articles designed to piss people off to generate more views from outraged people . 
  john c. dvorak used to infamously do this , and admitted after years of doing so that he did so intentionally . 
   ac are unnecessary for private homes i suppose that food beyond stale bread and gruel is n't really necessary either , but it does make life more-pleasant . 
   it is essentially built with the expectation of having ac . 
  modern office buildings just are . 
  working in a glass-walled skyscraper without openable windows is simply not viable without ac . 
  russia is wrong about the guy working for regime change . 
  now russia has lost someone trying to improve the state of affairs . 
  russia knows very well that the guy is n't working for regime change , and just wanted a reason to kick him out -- maybe he 's facilitating a brain-drain elsewhere , or maybe he 's competing with someone else domestically . 
  might be a good policy or a bad policy , but not very interesting to just argue against the claimed justification . 
  russia is right about the guy working for regime change . 
  this may or may not be the best way to deal with it , but it 's hard to argue for permitting it just based on the fact that he 's working on commercializing technology . 
  in no case am i going to get super-worked-up about this . 
  the us fda came down on them for not being a licensed medical provider a while back , or something like that , iirc , and they 're in some sort of a legal battle over it . 
  honestly , i think that we * might * benefit from something like the equivalent of the `` dietary supplement '' in the us relative to a `` medicine '' . 
  that would be an unregulated field relating to medicine , where certain of the privileges given to a licensed medical services provider are not available , and it 's taken as a given that any reputation must be attached to a particular company 's name rather than to the fact that they are a medical services provider at all . 
  maybe people in this position are required to display a prominent notice on any claims they make that their claims are not confirmed or validated by the us government as medical services companies normally are , and that the user runs the risk of any errors . 
   these measures he agreed to will not fix it -- and in fact a year or two from now , greece will be worse off than it is now . 
  the threat of collapse will be even more serious . 
  yup . 
  and i 'd bet that greece will probably be kept on the choke collar of imminent default until reforms are complete , because last time greece promised reforms in exchange for money , it did n't actually complete them . 
  the ez has no mechanism to force compliance of a member nation other than to give money -- only a carrot . 
  so its only option is to force greece into a situation where greece is hungry and little nibbles are required to keep it going . 
  tsipras could probably get debt relief if he 'd offer giving up sovereignty sufficient for the ez to have the power to ensure that agreed-upon reforms happen , but he might view that as less-preferable . 
  certainly i 'd think that it would be more-politically difficult for * him * . 
  if he gave the ez authority to oversee and administer reforms , then got his debt relief , he 'd be facing increasingly-angry calls to rescind that authority . 
  if he simply * had * to force through a reform in order to ensure that greece gets required money for a given money in a given month , then it lets brussels take the political heat in greece , lets them play the role of the bad guy . 
  so tsipras ( or whoever replaces him ) gets political cover , and the ez gets its political influence sufficient to ensure reforms . 
  psychologically , this may suck for the greek citizen -- they 're expected to take constant future debt forgiveness on faith . 
  that being said , i can see an argument that a better solution may not be available , and i think that there is a pretty compelling argument for that debt forgiveness to be forthcoming . 
  the * other * way to get political cover would have been to actually temporarily eject greece from the ez ( i 'm actually less-cynical about this being temporary now ) . 
  then the ez would n't have had to hold the whip -- it would have been the simple laws of economics . 
  greece would have quickly balanced its budget , since it would have had no money to do anything else , and no ability to borrow further . 
  it meant that the ez could have been the good guy with the carrot again , pulling greece back up from a low standard of living , rather than forcing greece down . 
  that was probably seen as more-expensive and riskier , though . 
  maybe greece would n't have re-entered , maybe the turmoil that would have happened in greece would have been worse . 
   the banks should have been bailed out directly . 
  it would have been cheaper . 
  perhaps so . 
  and if this were a couple years back , that would be an option ... but it 's not any more . 
   greece will be asking for money next year . 
  possibly , but the ez probably feels that after greece did not fully implement the required reforms , and the ez has no direct authority in greece outside of giving greece more money , the only way to get reforms through is to force greece onto a tight leash , and that means keeping greece in a situation where they are constantly-dependent upon requesting more money . 
  i do think that in the long term , it 's expected that this will make greece better off , though psychologically it may-or-may not be the best thing . 
  it 's nice to see a light at the end of the tunnel than simply be required to believe that it will appear ... but then again , if i 'm right , greece could probably get debt relief if it were willing to give up authority to the ez to monitor the spending to ensure reform . 
  there are two different issues here . 
  one is whether greece should receive enough money to meet debt payments . 
  a second is , whether as a precondition of all other ez members doing so , greece should first be willing to lower quality-of-life to a level equal to that of the lowest in the ez . 
  i do n't think that the people complaining have at issue the first point . 
  rather , they 're concerned about the second . 
  the first is seen as paying for a necessity , the second for a luxury . 
  if , after all , quality-of-life supports are put in place , which is what being unwilling to reduce pensions means , it seems unreasonable that they should n't be at the head of the line . 
  i have a hard time arguing against that . 
  i will be devil 's advocate in favor of greece getting supported pensions higher than those in romania , though , as best i can : ( 1 ) people did n't expect the drop , and there are some costs to having something be unexpected rather than expected . 
  ( 2 ) it 's possible that the ez saw there being some positive reasons to have greece , in particular , in the ez , and these payments are viewed as paying for those benefits . 
  the greek government then just chooses to spend these payments as pensions . 
   countries like slovakia are extremely cheap compared to greece greece * would * become poorer and cheaper without an influx of money , though , so that 's kind of a self-fulfilling prophecy . 
  i suspect that with today 's setup , there are a variety of war plans that can be kicked off -- i agree that whatever happens will be a coordinated plan of some sort , just that being restricted to choosing a single target for a particular missile seems like an unnecessary limitation . 
  but , hey , i 've never operated a nuclear missile , so i 'm just guessing . 
  he 's generally pro-russia ; i 'm assuming that he 's not happy about a missile shield in eastern europe . 
  i do n't know what he 's talking about with the `` new european recession '' and `` polish blowjob jokes '' , though . 
   with the us writing polish blowjob jokes `` polish blowjob jokes '' ? 
  honestly , though ... i 'm not sure how meaningful `` aimed '' is . 
  i mean ... it 's a computer-guided missile . 
  launching it at anything within its range takes the same amount of time . 
  the term gets used a lot to refer to ballistic missiles , but i 'm not sure how interesting it really is . 
  [ strukkstar commented here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3e42cl/people_with_hivaids_in_europe_as_of_population/ctbeckt ) :  i am too drunk to bother to search for sources at the moment , but per capita it 's not even comparable , it 's in orders of magnitude different . 
  you just happened to be the one who put the percent-of-populations numbers up that conflicted with his comment , so i responded here . 
  op 's chart does n't indicate whether the numbers listed try to compensate for different reporting rates . 
  the prevalence rate in the above chart from estonia ( which * does * do so ) appears to be half the rate [ on this 2011 estimated rate chart ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_hiv/aids_adult_prevalence_rate ) . 
  unless the rate was sharply estimated downwards or hiv was massively-reversed in the area ( neither probably likely ) , op 's chart may simply be the * measured * rate . 
  in that case , reporting may produce a difference between russia and estonia . 
  not really * orders * of magnitude , though -- more than one order of magnitude . 
  there [ are countries that do have multiple orders of magnitude higher adult hiv prevalence than do ethnic estonians in estonia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_hiv/aids_adult_prevalence_rate ) , though , like swaziland or botswana . 
  / u/omg _ trigger_warning was saying that spain was a melting pot ; i was saying that in the context of migrants from north africa , i felt that it was . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moorish_architecture https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_history_of_the_iberian_peninsula https://wuhstry.wordpress.com/2011/07/20/the-impact-of-the-moors-in-spain/ that seems like a meaningful cultural influence even today . 
  i 'm guessing , but beef is generally-viewed as more of a `` luxury '' meat . 
  it costs more to produce than , say , chicken or pork . 
  this might be an attempt at a favorable-to-the-poor tax structure .
