  not a new one -- unlike , say , detroit 's old auto manufacturing industry , which had a lot of inertia from physical infrastructure and access to coal , rivers , and destination markets , you 'd think that things like london financial or silicon valley software industries would be easy to outsource and spread around . 
  and yet , there 's a surprising ( to me ! ), 
  amount of inertia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stealth_aircraft  nearly three decades later , a more serious attempt at radar `` invisibility '' was tried with the horten ho 229 flying wing fighter-bomber , developed in nazi germany during the last years of world war ii . 
  in addition to the aircraft 's shape , the majority of the ho 229 's wooden skin was bonded together using carbon-impregnated plywood resins designed with the purported intention of absorbing radar waves . 
  testing performed in early 2009 by the northrop-grumman corporation established that this compound , along with the aircraft 's shape , would have rendered the ho 229 virtually invisible to the top-end hf-band , 20-30 mhz primary signals of britain 's chain home early warning radar , provided the aircraft was traveling at high speed ( approximately 550 mph ( 890 km/h ) ) at extremely low altitude - 50 -- 100 feet ( 15 -- 30 m ) . 
   i do n't have a good answer as to why we do n't see a european answer to google but my hunch is that our governments did not and do not make the internet much of a priority and so most of our talented programmers end up in the united states instead of innovating at home . 
  < dubious  http://www.zdnet.com/article/the-land-where-skilled-it-workers-dont-pay-tax-yes-it-really-exists/  `` indeed , since 2001 a string of romanian tax laws have stipulated that a tax exemption -- the standard rate of 16 percent is reduced to nil , and the [ workers ' ] net salary is in effect 19 percent larger -- applies to wages earned by employees engaged in ` software development activities ' , '' jurubita told zdnet . 
  that 's a straightforward subsidy . 
  the us is n't subsidizing tech workers like that . 
  i 've thought about this to some degree myself . 
  i 've commented it on this before , so i 'll throw some of my own musings out there : this should perhaps not be seen as a us win , i think that it might be an error for european policy-makers to see this as a us success story so much as a local success story that happens to be in the us . 
  us startups are heavily-focused in a few areas , and other places that have tried to replicate silicon valley have broadly-speaking not had quite that kind of success ( though there are other software development centers , they 're much smaller and produce far fewer companies ) . 
  if that 's the case , it suggests to me one of several possibilities : first , perhaps silicon valley benefits from a high global visibility : it can more-easily sell itself . 
  there might be something to that . 
  lots of other places have tried to market themselves as tech centers without a lot of this happening . 
  then , software developers , rationally-or-not , wind up moving to silicon valley from around the world . 
  if the issue is * this * , the answer might be to adopt more-effective marketing strategies : maybe have the eu focus on identifying * one * center or * two * centers and arranging some form of tax-sharing scheme that makes this acceptable to member countries . 
  second , perhaps there 's a positive feedback loop based on size . 
  if a developer is working in silicon valley , he 's got miles of tech companies around him . 
  if he leaves one company or it goes out of business , he can walk next door over and go to another . 
  similarly , if you 're starting a company , you * know * that you can , given sufficient funding , get the required developers in silicon valley . 
  i 'm a * little * suspicious that there 's something to that `` inertia '' possibility ... and it 's not just software . 
  the auto companies spent a long time in detroit , hollywood is still a thing , and new york and london are still financial centers ( and if there 's one thing that i 'd expect to be fluid and competitive , it would be financial services ) . 
  third , perhaps a world with mobile labor suffers from positive feedback loops in general . 
  the world 's economies change as tech affects them . 
  it used to be that most wealth came from either growing things on land or taking wealth away from people who grew things . 
  that meant that control of land was very important -- it was worth fighting over , since that was the way to expand your wealth . 
  it meant that capital could n't really `` escape '' easily -- as long as it was land and not labor , that was the bottleneck on production , all you had to do was to control an area and land-hungry workers would come and work on the land . 
  but these days ... since the industrial era , the world has seen [ massive and overwhelming urbanization ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/urbanization ) . 
  automation and other improvements has reduced labor needs in rural areas , and demand for new jobs in population centers has risen . 
  that has the side effect that if it is a worker 's skills that are the real capital goods -- and with software development , there 's rarely anything about the environment that would block one from doing whatever development one wants , anywhere in the world , just access to a computer and a data connection , same as any office -- then these capital goods have suddenly become mobile . 
  a country or region can run off with all the capital of another country or region simply by providing more-appealing options for labor . 
  see what 's happening to some of the poorer countries in europe today , for example : mass migration to wealthier areas , which in turn gives those areas increased productive capacity . 
  that 's a rather different environment from the one that we lived in up until about the mid-eighteenth century . 
  it might simply be a property of a modern economy that wealthy regions draw more capital `` goods '' to them in the form of labor . 
  fourth , in the context of the us , i 'd thought that one factor that might be driving inertia might simply be the wealth itself . 
  amenities , pricing , and the like . 
  you wind up with areas `` tiered '' to people with an approximate income or wealth level -- pricing and amenities on par with what they can afford . 
  an upscale sushi shop ca n't function in rural kansas , so it is n't there ; thus , no business that might want to hire workers who insist upon upscale sushi will locate in rural kansas . 
  i do n't want to move somewhere where housing prices are n't affordable to me . 
  there are patches of wealth and poverty out there , so it 's not totally crazy . 
  that might explain the economy of some localities . 
  however , that 's a tough sell to me in the context of * europe * , because europe as a whole is going to have a wide range of different socioeconomic levels available . 
  fifth , i 've heard a lot of people , both in europe and on this forum , cite market fragmentation as being a limiting factor . 
  the concern is basically that by producing an english-language product in the us , a new us company has a large , ready-made market with members who have a lot of disposable income for it -- good conditions . 
  i 've no numbers , though i admit to questioning this somewhat . 
  it 's not clear to me that people in the us favor us companies because they 're us companies , or that aside from maybe language , that it 's * that * much harder to do business overseas . 
  i 'd think that the uk and ireland would be comparable . 
  sixth , taxation and costs of regulatory compliance amount to something . 
  the us might do favorably here . 
  i doubt that this is an overwhelming factor , though , because silicon valley is a relatively-expensive place to do business in the us . 
  seventh , it might be that venture capitalists or other investors do n't like going overseas and want to be in the neighborhood of their companies . 
  at least some of the money floating around in silicon valley is there because the people investing the money are also there ( and when some people * make * a lot of money , i expect that they wind up reinvesting it in an area that they 're familiar with ) . 
  this meshes nicely with what i 've heard from people who deal with the business side of startups about investors liking to be able to be in the neighborhood . 
  the thing that i do n't like about this idea is that it requires finance to be inefficient across a whole industry , which is a bit of a hard sell to me . 
  anyway , if * that 's * the case , it might be more-worthwhile to try to attract venture capital to live and/or do business remotely in an area than to try to pull in workers in the industry . 
   i 'm of two minds , because there are some hints of anti-competitive practices , but there are also hints of european protectionism . 
  yeah , but i think no country is innocent of this . 
  apples [ win against samsung in the us ] ( http://www.slashgear.com/apples-samsung-damages-cut-by-382m-after-rounded-corners-appeal-18384054/ ) was finally overturned a few months ago -- they 'd claimed things like rounded corners on their phones , and a court in the us had originally upheld the claim . 
  i was pretty disappointed with that back when it it initially went through , as were many other people . 
  an uncompetitive market is good for a provider in that market , but it 's bad for other markets ... and it winds up shrinking the overall pie . 
  let 's say that the state says `` okay , tell you what . 
  i 'll let the food providers price-fix , something that is n't normally legal . '', 
  now , it 's true -- grocery stores will wind up making a hell of a lot more money . 
  most people are n't willing to * starve * , so they could be squeezed pretty far . 
  you could price-discriminate -- `` if you want to sign up for our food plan this month , you 're going to need to turn over your financial information to us and let us set a price '' -- the way that universities in the us tend to do . 
  the problem is , it 's not like the consumers were n't going to go spend that money elsewhere . 
  they were going to go get , say , jackets as * well * as food . 
  but now the food market is draining a lot of their funds , and they 're going to have to put up with their old threadbare jacket instead for a lot longer . 
  so that 's zero-sum for providers * as a whole * , and the workers in the jacket industry are now losing out . 
  you 've basically subsidized food vendors at the cost of other industries . 
  and let 's even say that you wanted to provide a subsidy . 
  you feel that there 's some sort of externality , something that the market ca n't take into account in pricing . 
  is the externality really for a particular industry as a whole ? 
  that is , would you really want to provide that subsidy to an entire industry , or to a more-finely-grained class of people , like to the poor who work in that industry ? 
  because if not , you 're better off giving tax breaks or services to the poor and not trying to subsidize the industry . 
   `` competitiveness '' is an absolutely atrocious concept and it baffles me why it is even popular . 
  because it 's the fundamental mechanism that forces efficiency on producers ? 
  communist countries lacked competition . 
  resulted in a lot of things that people might have wanted not being produced efficiently . 
   agreed . 
  i mean i like google and i 'm an android fanboy , that 's unrelated , though . 
  i like google . 
  i know people who work there , and i like them . 
  i think that they make many good products . 
  i do n't even think that they 're particularly anti-competitive ( though admittedly i have n't been paying much attention ) . 
  that does n't mean , though , that i do n't think that their control of so much information does n't make them kind of scary . 
  not sure how relevant it is to current-day irish law , but the uk has had [ a history of favoring the plaintiffs in defamation lawsuits ] ( http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2015/03/21/394273902/on-libel-and-the-law-u-s-and-u-k-go-separate-ways ) . 
  this saw major [ reform in 2013 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defamation_act_2013 ) , but until then , people would try suing people in the us in uk courts , to the point where the us started refusing to enforce uk libel law . 
  one of the most-notable differences between the uk and most of the world ( [ including the us ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_defamation_law ) ) had been the fact that unlike the usual `` innocent-until-proven-guilty '' requirement , under uk libel law , the requirement was placed on the defendant : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english_defamation_law#burden_of_proof_on_the_defendant  in the common law of libel , the claimant has the burden only of proving that the statement was made by the defendant , and that it was defamatory . 
  these things are generally relatively easy to prove . 
  the claimant is not required to prove that the statement was false . 
  instead , proving the truth of the statement is an affirmative defence available to the defendant . 
    because proving the truth or falsity of the statement is often extremely difficult ( and the defendant does not generally have the ability to force the claimant to disclose materials that might help prove it [ citation needed ] ) it is frequently said that the `` burden of proof '' in english defamation law falls upon the defendant . 
  i understand that the 2013 uk law moved the burden of proof of the falsity of the claim to the plaintiff . 
  i 'd vaguely-thought that irish law might have been along the same lines as the old uk law and never been reformed . 
  that does appear to be the case -- the 2009 defamation reforms in ireland [ apparently still require the defendant to prove that his statement was true ] ( http://dublinfreelance.org/faqs/the-libel-laws-and-irish-bloggers/ ) if he intends to defend against charges , rather than requiring the plaintiff to prove that that the statement was false . 
  made me curious about education . 
  the [ un publishes one such set of data , an educational index ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/education_index ) .
