  in the medium term , you can require the people being housed in them to participate in the construction , in the same ways that militaries have constructed camps in the past . 
  in the longer-term , construction of permanent structures . 
  it would be an immense project , yes , and housing might look more like soviet bloc housing , but it 's not a matter of impossibility . 
   there are just no housing available not now there is n't , no -- no country would construct and maintain 50m empty slots of housing above actual demand . 
  it would be wasteful . 
  this is n't an argument to do that , of course -- i do n't think that it would be a good idea . 
  it 's just addressing the `` europe is about to end '' claim . 
  at least it was n't * written * by the allies , though , the way [ japan 's constitution was ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/constitution_of_japan ) :  in late 1945 , shidehara appointed joji matsumoto , state minister without portfolio , head of a blue-ribbon committee of constitutional scholars to suggest revisions . 
  the matsumoto commission 's recommendations , made public in february 1946 , were quite conservative ( described by one japanese scholar in the late 1980s [ who ? ], 
  as `` no more than a touching-up of the meiji constitution '' ) . 
  [ citation needed ] macarthur rejected them outright and ordered his staff to draft a completely new document . 
  an additional reason for this was that on january 24 , 1946 , prime minister shidehara had suggested to macarthur that the new constitution should contain an article renouncing war . 
    much of the drafting was done by two senior army officers with law degrees : milo rowell and courtney whitney , although others chosen by macarthur had a large say in the document . 
  the articles about equality between men and women are reported to have been written by beate sirota . 
  [ 3 ] [ 4 ]   although the document 's authors were non-japanese , they took into account the meiji constitution , the demands of japanese lawyers , the opinions of pacifist political leaders such as shidehara and shigeru yoshida , and especially the draft presented by the constitution research association ( kenp\u014d kenky\u016b-kai ) under the chairmanship of suzuki yasuz\u014d ( 1904 -- 1983 ) , which had been translated into english in its entirety already at the end of december 1945 . 
  macarthur gave the authors less than a week to complete the draft , which was presented to surprised japanese officials on 13 february 1946 . 
  on 6 march 1946 the government publicly disclosed an outline of the pending constitution . 
  on 10 april elections were held to the house of representatives of the ninetieth imperial diet , which would consider the proposed constitution . 
  the election law having been changed , this was the first general election in japan in which women were permitted to vote . 
  either criticism of chancellor merkel or [ someone is a * babylon 5 * fan ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/j._michael_straczynski ) . 
   it says so on a piece of paper , the germans are powerless against text on a piece of paper . 
  this is one really big reason that i do n't like the idea of an [ eternity clause ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eternity_clause ) . 
  either you need to choose to ignore the legal validity of your constitution and set a bad precedent , or you potentially wind up with something that is a really bad idea , with no way -- not even with a high bar -- to change it . 
  i 'm all for creating something that 's * hard * to change for the really vital-to-the-existence-of-the-system core bits of law , but * impossible * places too much trust in the authors and too little in their descendants . 
  i would n't want to be on a sketchy boat in high winds in the med in winter , regardless of how cold my home is . 
   but now she knows who to blame . 
  you , along with the rest of eastern europe . 
  actually , i 've seen less-harsh criticism of eastern europe from the west than i did a while back . 
  well ... hard to say . 
  i mean , it may be that it 's advantageous to , say , italy to publicly talk about lifting the sanctions even if italy does not plan to do so . 
  at the end of the day , though , whatever negotiations happened , my understanding is that all eu members have a veto and they all chose not to use that veto . 
  i think that you would find muggings and robberies showing up . 
  just out of curiosity , how many would you think that scotland is capable of taking ? 
   she abandoned ukraine there are still sanctions in place . 
   europe will go with it if we take in any more . 
  the current numbers are quite large as groups of people from third world nations go , but not an existential threat to the eu . 
  the eu * could * pick up 50m and survive . 
  it just would be a poorer place with more problems . 
  we often put them on construction projects -- i 've seen both state and federal . 
  `` your tax dollars at work ... '' etc. 
  i seem to recall them also listing an amount spent . 
  maybe concerns over smuggling of bulk/counterfeit goods , something that it 's too expensive to lug across the border somewhere other than a crossing ? 
   your country ( and france ) betrayed them and sat idle while they were gang raped by nazis and communists . 
  i realize that this is n't directly-germane to your point , but we did the same . 
  the us was the one country most-able to at least potentially force a recapture of poland . 
  i do n't think that it would have been a good idea , but it leaves a bad taste in my mouth to have us criticizing the uk and france for not doing anything . 
  during the initial german invasion , yeah , france kinda flaked out . 
  but after world war ii was at an end , the us * could * have threatened the ussr . 
  it would have been difficult and the us did n't have a military obligation to poland , but there was a us acceptance of where the iron curtain was from the us as well . 
  the uk did n't have the resources and france was in no shape to do anything then . 
  of all the countries out there , i think that it 's most-difficult for the us to harshly criticize france and the uk for not taking action . 
  it is ? 
  well ... not quite . 
  during the red scare , the us blocked immigration of communists , banned government employment of communists , and several substantial organizations did things like try and blacklist communist actors and actresses , so that movie houses chose not to hire them . 
  but it was n't illegal to advocate communism . 
  i mean , public about one 's orientation -- not violating sodomy laws , mind -- has n't been illegal in the west for ... i do n't know if it ever has . 
  social stigma , sure or an employer choosing to drop someone , but the state banning letting the public express a sexual orientation ? 
  well , here 's the way i see it . 
  when someone signs a deal , it 's ideally something that 's advantageous to both sides -- they get to see all the terms , weigh them , and say `` yes , i think that this is a good idea '' . 
  since both sides sign , as long as they 're rational and fully-informed and all that , the agreement is mutually-beneficial . 
  when members of the eu sign up for something , they sign up for something that they view as being advantageous to them . 
  my belief was that the members of the eu signed up for it with the belief that what they were explicitly-committing to was advantageous to them , a win-win situation for them and for the other members . 
  that is , nobody needed to rely on undefined future changes to be happy with the arrangement . 
  i do n't think that germany or romania or finland is presently-being harmed by the uk being in a trade agreement with other eu members versus being isolated . 
  so that does n't seem to me like they 're taking the good without the bad -- it seems like there was a mutually-advantageous deal made . 
  that is , my guess is that the uk 's current preferences look like this : best : trade union next-best : separation last : federalization whereas some other members have a preference list of : best : federalization next-best : trade union last : separation so it seems to me that both sides win from having the trade union . 
  there 's then the question of whether other members would like to do something disadvantageous to themselves -- threaten separation -- to try to force the uk into federalization , against its preferences . 
  that * is * possible . 
  after all , that 's what sanctions are . 
  but i think that of all things , countries are going to be protective of their sovereignty . 
  that 's a risky thing to try to force . 
  and it 's not likely to make good partners . 
  finally , one last thing that bothers me -- you 're saying that federalization is * bad * for the uk , describing it as a net loss . 
  your position seems to be `` well , federalization would be a bad move for the uk in real terms -- they 're not just being irrational or thinking in the short term or wanting to see how things pan out '' . 
  if that 's the case ... if you reduce a federal eu to `` an unpleasant association that we can force people into by offering them market access '' , that seems damned fragile to me . 
  i do n't look at the us and think `` whoah , the federal us sure sucks ... but at least i have market access to arizona . '', 
  i think `` yeah , this makes a lot of sense . 
  nobody needs to worry about strong military opponents showing up ( sorry , canada/mexico ) next door , we have low-cost trade , military coordination is advantageous to the whole , etc '' . 
  if you asked people in the us whether they would want to split up the us today to a trade union , the population of every state would vote in favor of a federal union . 
  that 's a strong union , because it 's not just predicated on a treaty that someone managed to ram through , but because people agree that federalization is in their common interests . 
  nafta exists , but canada does n't try to force us into federalization because they have market access , nor us canada into federalization . 
  that 's what i think the eu should aim for at the point of federalization if it is to federalize -- the public of all the members feeling that yes , a federal eu is in their interests , that , at least in the long run , it is truly advantageous to them . 
  i do n't know about that , but without seeing any of the numbers involved or having expertise in the field , i would guess that tpp * is * probably more-important to the us than ttip , since it deals with dissimilar economies -- and there 's probably larger benefits in [ comparative advantage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) in linking up dissimilar economies than in similar ones . 
  not an either-or situation , of course -- would be best to do both . 
  i personally do n't see any reason for the eu to need to do one or the other , since both have the potential to break with what some of the member want . 
  i think that the idea of having two tiers makes more sense , with one more-tightly integrated . 
  if it turns out that one is clearly working out better for everyone than the other , then there 's an evidence-based reason to adopt that approach for countries in the other tier . 
  it also means that no countries need to be bludgeoned into one tier or another . 
  i think that there 's a good argument that the uk would be unhappy at being forced into federalization ; on the other hand , i think that there 's a good argument that poland would be furious at having its stronger structure taken away . 
  edit : though `` a few added things '' probably includes a defense agreement even for that `` less integrated '' tier . 
  i do think that that was a historic european vulnerability , and nato is n't a fixed-in-stone agreement -- members can withdraw with a year 's notice . 
  well , i can certainly agree with you to the extent that it is a necessary precondition that no benefit be granted to asylum seekers for having illegally-immigrated relative to applying from turkey , and that if this policy does not in fact accomplish that , then it would not accomplish what i think is important . 
  that article , given its title , seems like a really counter-productive thing for rt to publish . 
  i do n't think that the title summarizes her point well . 
  she 's obviously trying to sell factory workers ( disadvantaged by unskilled immigration ) on it with a weak analogy to policies that have benefited them . 
  i do n't think that this same speech would be given to the general public . 
   in the era of the smartphone we can not shut ourselves away ... people know full well how we live in europe . '', 
  that seems like a bad justification , since choosing to accept people -- what 's at issue -- should n't be based on whether-or-not people want to enter . 
   on the other hand , if you go to germany by yourself , you can be sure to get there . 
  right .
