  things like flairs are hard to introduce . 
  moderation is limited in scope . 
  hmm . 
  our discussion was n't really philosophical -- it was , at least to the theist gentleman , very real . 
  he lived in a world that had angels and devils in it , and the question of whether he might be misinterpreting some evidence was the same sort of thing that i might ask myself upon finding fluid under my car and discovering that it had actually been running over from the car next to my own . 
   people discussing socialism or market economies . 
  those are both presently fairly-mainstream political positions in european society . 
   what i take issue with is people who hold anti-humanist , unconstitutional positions that have no place in a civilized society . 
  < drums fingers  well , let me put it this way . 
  i can see a position that one might take of the sort that one wants a nice english-style gentleman 's club . 
  one does n't want riff-raff in , because the main goal is in producing a nice environment for oneself . 
  there 's no real interest in having ideas or manners that one views as distasteful show up . 
  i think that it 's a little tough to try and simply assert that this is the norm , but i can understand the motivation . 
  but i * do * think that there 's a lack of dialog , and that society would be better off for that dialog happening . 
   and these people do not need to appeased , they need to be condemned by society instead of trivializing or relativizing their positions or even physical attacks on refugee camps , which is a common occurrence again . 
  so , let 's say that you condemn them . 
  that 's an argument from authority ; good-enough for a rule-of-thumb position , but if someone challenges it , it seems incumbent upon someone to be able to support their position . 
  one hundred and fifty years ago , europe would have said that a civilized society was comprised of good christians , and that atheism was a socially-destructive position , and that society should condemn such a position . 
  at points , the degree of society 's condemnation reached [ very severe levels ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/galileo_affair ) . 
  it seems to me that , while it 's true that there can be wisdom in crowds , trying to enforce whatever the norm is and condemn dissenting voices * because * the current social norms have branded them as uncivilized seems fairly prone to falling prey to error themselves . 
  what 's worse , this does little to convince and convert people who hold those views * themselves * . 
  if you hold a position yourself , it is because you believe your position to be well-founded . 
  you did n't simply adopt your positions upon birth ; there were arguments that have firmly convinced you . 
  why would n't you want to spread your own understanding of the issue to others ? 
  this does n't entail trivializing positions or actions . 
  the theist i was talking about believed * very deeply * in his positions , to the point where he was willing to give up his job and go live in what he viewed as a sort of religious hermitage . 
  it was a strongly-held position , and certainly his actions here were no joke . 
  nor does it require that anyone * agree * with a position to be willing to debate a position . 
  hmm . 
  while i 'm sympathetic to the idea that default subreddits are vulnerable to turning into / r/funny , i 'd also point out that that really does n't appear to be what the issue here is : it 's ( a ) whether people want to restrict on a topic basis what content is in / r/europe ( e.g. 
  should immigration-related topics be treated specially ) and ( b ) if they do , how they want to present or disallow that information . 
  that seems different from , say , blocking image memes , unless you 're just saying `` any person who wants to talk about immigration is a person who ca n't carry on an interesting conversation at all '' . 
  if that were true , i suppose that blocking the whole topic would be a valid way to improve voting/discussion , but i do n't think that that 's really-clearly been demonstrated , and i 'd be dubious about it . 
  well , i vaguely imagine that most people are subject to some degree of tribalism . 
  i could make up plausible stories about what that might be advantageous from an evolutionary standpoint ( e.g. 
  altruistic behavior has benefits in a society , but extending it beyond the tribe is abusable ) . 
  so , you have humans with a willingness to buy into tribal viewpoints . 
  certainly people in marketing understand this -- it 's meaningful for people here to have a eu flair , for example . 
  a politician running for office will try to use the term `` us '' rather than `` you '' and `` me '' to establish a bond between the voter and themselves . 
  so maybe there 's a tendency for people to act tribal , even to the extent of inaccuracy , to be vulnerable to someone else treating some group as `` the other '' . 
  but , on the other hand ... it also seems that that can be pointed out . 
  i 've had people that i disagree with on a number of points , but it seems to me that it 's rare that we ca n't at least narrow that down to a difference of values ( `` dying for one 's country is a noble cause '' versus `` a country is an imaginary construct , and there 's no point '' ) or assumptions where neither of us has real data to support our point ( `` i think that in the event of a technological collapse of the western world , that humans would engage in cannibalism '' versus `` i think that modern taboos on cannibalism would prevent cannibalism '' ) . 
  i tend to favor a more-free market , for example , but i can talk to people who want a more-regulated market , and we can still raise our concerns . 
  i rarely find that people do n't have some sort of very real concerns based on legitimate grounds . 
  sometimes that winds up being based on a misunderstanding or the other person or i has a lack of information , and that can be cleared up via giving the other person the evidence that * we * used to come to our own understanding . 
  sometimes the best we can do is to narrow the difference down to the aforementioned value or assumption difference . 
  but it 's rare that i find that someone has * no * grounds for their position . 
  for example , i 've spoken to some people who are very angry about illegal immigration from mexico to the united states . 
  after talking to them , i found that it 's not actually typically that they have a great deal of upset about mexican culture or even language , even though they might raise that . 
  the root concern is often that they 're worried about the impact on demand for their own labor , what it will do to their standard of living . 
  that 's something that * i * can recognize as being a universal concern -- after all , everyone wants a nice standard of living . 
  now , i might say `` well , * i * am not willing to support you having a subsidized standard of living '' , but i can certainly understand where they 're coming from , and i can see that if i want them to buy in to immigration , they might want some sort of guarantees on their standard of living to be provided . 
  and i in turn need to recognize that if a great deal of the population feels the same way , that they probably are n't going to support immigration . 
  i 've yet to find someone who i 've really tried to talk to , in depth , and found that the person was simply an * idiot * , someone who was simply so brain-damaged that they could n't function . 
  they had concerns , and those concerns are probably more-or-less practical . 
  maybe they 've been sitting in a long time in an echo chamber with people with similar concerns , and so have been more-willing to adopt extreme positions . 
  their views have n't been subject to people identifying flaws in them . 
  but i do n't think that saying `` tamp them back into the echo chamber and seal up the box '' is going to do much for them . 
  and i think that a lack of exposure to those same concerns creates an echo chamber on the other side as well , where they see all concerns as trivial or groundless . 
  perhaps there 's an ideological drive to ignore issues related to sex or race or culture that causes errors to be made on the other side . 
  i spoke to someone , a while back , who was religious , and asked him what evidence he had for believing in god . 
  we both pretty strongly held our own positions , but both of us were familiar with our stances , and were willing to be honest about the other person 's points . 
  in one case , he said that he 'd prayed for a wart to go away , and it did , in short order , and all at once . 
  i told him that warts do naturally do this -- that when the immune system is able to suppress spread of a wart , it tends to grow out . 
  he mulled over this , and said , `` yeah , i suppose that would also make sense '' . 
  is he an `` idiot '' ? 
  no , i 'd say that he simply had lived in an echo chamber with people who were willing to treat any minor event as a miracle because they wanted to believe that their religion was true , and so he 'd accumulated a lot of views that had passed the filter of the society that he lived in . 
  was the answer to just dump him back into the echo chamber ? 
  would he be better off if someone publicly-insulted him and told him not to talk about the issue again ? 
  i do n't think that it was . 
  we 're on good terms . 
  he 's still religious , and i 'm still atheist , but perhaps both of us have a better understanding of why people take the positions that they do , and we do n't just run around calling each other `` immoral '' or `` idiots '' . 
  we 'd be wrong to do that , i think : the discussion has value . 
  i 'd think that it 'd be odd to have a guilty conscience anyway . 
  i mean , go back 50 generations , and no country 's people had ancestors that were just nice and fluffy . 
  that being said , to the extent that the eu or ez federalizes , i assume that estonia 's going to probably get stuck with some of this as part of the identity just by virtue of a few european countries -- portual , spain , france , the uk , italy , the netherlands , and belgium -- having had a colonial history . 
  it 's hard to merge identities and let populations mingle freely and not adopt the history . 
  i do n't think that any of my ancestors were in puritan settlements . 
  in fact , i would n't be surprised to find that only a minority of people in the us had a puritan ancestor . 
  however , it 's still part of `` my country 's history '' , by virtue of one of my ancestors immigrating to the us and , perhaps artificially , that history getting attached to them . 
  if the eu or ez federalizes , if a shared identity is created , a hundred years from now , the history will also , i 'd imagine , be shared . 
  some paleoconservative support in the us -- for example , pat buchannan -- is from people who were nationalist , socially-conservative , and were concerned about unskilled labor competition from overseas and wanted protectionist policies . 
  that 's not a new phenomenon . 
  we 've had some discussion of how the nsdap in germany also adopted some far-more-economically-left positions than this . 
   the one who moved in to the country and has not taken the efforts to integrate into the country 's culture ? 
  is there actually evidence that people have n't taken effort to integrate or want to avoid doing so ? 
  that is , let 's say that the uk was to say `` i will grant you a temporary work visa , but in return , you must follow the following set of rules ... '' i 'm assuming that the only contact that illegal immigrants have is presently with human smugglers . 
  also , it could be that they see this as a temporary situation . 
  many chinese laborers who came to the us to work on the transcontinental railroad saw their presence in the us as a temporary situation . 
  they * wanted * to return home , but the pay in the us was much better than they could make back home , so a common goal was to come to the us , make money , and ultimately -- i do n't know how many people actually did this -- return home . 
  i have n't really seen polls asking illegal immigrants what they * want * to do . 
  obviously , there are ways in which inaccurate information might get into such a poll , but it 's not clear to me whether most illegal immigrants see this as a temporary situation ( and may not even care about permanent citizenship status ) . 
  if that 's the case , being in refugee review limbo may be a perfectly-acceptable situation , in that it acts as an effective work visa . 
  remedies for something like this -- brits being unhappy about lack of integration , but people simply wanting a stable source of higher-paying work -- would be very different . 
  north korea , for example , has zones where south korean factories are allowed to set up shop and have north koreans work in them . 
  that accomplishes north korea 's goal of obtaining some degree of industrial employment , but avoids its issues ( it has political reasons , concerns about stability of the regime , for not wanting free flow of people across the border ) . 
  their primary concern is that of cultural clashes , not with low-skill workers being angry about competition for labor ) with a special economic zone being set up in britain or some other stable environment , like morocco , that might be a win-win situation . 
  another possibility is that many illegal immigrants want to get some form of permanent status , make money , and ultimately bring across their family . 
  i read one book written by such a person . 
  if this is the case , a temporary work visa is not going to be of any interest .
