  there 's a lengthy process that is every refugee is vetted . 
  i imagine that unless there are a lot of resources being wasted , there 's some reason for that happening . 
   as a monolingual plebeian , i am unable to read other nations ' news . 
  google translate ? 
  [ deuteronomy 20:10 -14 ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=deuteronomy+20%3a10-14&amp;version=niv ) :  10 when you march up to attack a city , make its people an offer of peace . 
  11 if they accept and open their gates , all the people in it shall be subject to forced labor and shall work for you . 
  12 if they refuse to make peace and they engage you in battle , lay siege to that city . 
  13 when the lord your god delivers it into your hand , put to the sword all the men in it . 
  14 as for the women , the children , the livestock and everything else in the city , you may take these as plunder for yourselves . 
  and you may use the plunder the lord your god gives you from your enemies . 
  there 's a history in other religions too . 
   the most serious case began in the spring of 2011 , with the investigation of a group led by a shadowy russian named alexandr agheenco , `` the colonel '' to his cohorts , whom moldovan authorities believe to be an officer with the russian fsb , previously known as the kgb . 
  a middle man working for the colonel was recorded arranging the sale of bomb-grade uranium , u-235 , and blueprints for a dirty bomb to a man from sudan , according to several officials . 
  the blueprints were discovered in a raid of the middleman 's home , according to police and court documents . 
    wiretapped conversations repeatedly exposed plots that targeted the united states , the moldovan officials said . 
  at one point the middleman told an informant posing as a buyer that it was essential that the smuggled uranium go to arabs . 
    `` he said to the informant on a wire : ' i really want an islamic buyer because they will bomb the americans , '' ' said malic , the investigator . 
  if a weapon of mass destruction had been used on the us and been tracked back , the fsb would have some ` splaining to do . 
  i wonder how long of an exposure that was . 
  those colors are incredibly-intense . 
  from [ the noaa hurricane research division 's list of frequently-asked questions ] ( http://www.aoml.noaa.gov/hrd/tcfaq/c5c.html ) :  subject : c5c ) why do n't we try to destroy tropical cyclones by nuking them ? 
   everyone already knows the us , uk , and most of europe will jump to sweden 's defense if it was ever attacked ( for whatever reason ) . 
  finland thought that the other democracies would join with it in more-material terms out of solidarity in the winter war . 
  < hauls some books off the bookshelf  * the winter war : russia against finland * , condon  on the basis of these treaties and the policy of neutrality which she enunciated , in keeping with the other scandinavian states , finland believed herself secure from the machinations of the great powers . 
  unfortunately , her geopolitical position precluded this . 
  as international tensions increased during the late 1930s , the soviet union rapidly emerged from the isolation in which the revolution and later events had left her and resumed an active role in international affairs . 
  as crisis followed crisis , the importance of soviet russia in the international balance of power also grew . 
    initially , the kremlin began to interact with , and put pressure upon , the small states on its western borders ... ( p11 ) while there was plenty of * discussion * of joining the conflict , '' ... in retrospect , the allied offers of aid appear chimerical ... '' ( p150 ) * the hundred day winter war * , sander :  it was a nation hoping against hope that her sister democracies , particularly the allies , as well as sweden and the united states ( prior to its formal entry into the war ) would hasten to her aid , not with rhetoric and `` ice shows , '' as the sympathetic but still steadfastly neutral americans did , but with planes , tanks , and ammunition . 
  ( p1 ) [ snip ]  however , as much as fdr and millions of americans sympathized with finland , the fact remained that large segments of the american body politic , particularly business and labor , were still firmly isolationist ( and would continue to be right up until pearl harbor ) . 
  ( p56 ) a rather politically-safe statement was made by the american ambassador :  first , he officially conveyed president roosevelt 's rather bland and self-obvious statement of the previous day condemning the bombing of cities and civilian centers , and asking the kremlin to forswear the same . 
  for the appearance of even-handedness , washington had also asked helsinki to accept the same stricture , which of course the latter readily agreed to do -- as if the relatively minuscule finish air force had either the inclination , wherewithal , or opportunity to terrorize soviet cities on its own . 
  now , steinhardt continued , would moscow , which clearly * had * bombed finnish cities , agree to the same eminently reasonable caveat , at least until the hostilities between the two nations were resolved ? 
    molotov replied with a bold-faced lie . 
  president roosevelt must have been misinformed , he told the disbelieving ambassador , who doubtless had seen the grisly photos of the helsinki bombing ; the president 's suggestion was completely wrong-headed . 
  the soviet union had not bombed towns and would not have done so because `` it considered the interests of the finnish population no less than the people under any government . '', 
  it only had bombed airdromes ( as airfields were then called ) and would continue to do so . 
  ( p69 ) [ snip ]  taking the helm , tanner outlined a two-point program . 
  first order of business : to ask sweden to help with garrisoning the aland islands , that quixotic , strategically significant baltic island group lying betwixt finland and sweden and that the league of nations , in its most notable success , had twenty years before awarded to finland . 
  of course , if sweden agreed to help defend the islands she would thus effectively become a co-belligerant of finland . 
  which , of course , was the point . 
  tanner 's second objective : to reestablish contact with the kremlin with a view toward resuming negotiations . 
    tanner decided to deal with the first point right then and there by phoning his fellow social democrat per albin hansson , the swedish prime minister . 
  hansson 's answer was not long in coming . 
  sorry , he told his old social democratic colleague from across the bothnian sea , sweden was very sympathetic to finland 's plight ; she would be happy to provide finland with arms and materiel ; however , she would definitely not help finland defend the aland archipelago . 
  that was the position of the swedish government . 
  ( p75 ) [ snip ]  mannerheim 's strategy , devised years before , was predicated on some pretty harsh realities . 
  obviously russia was the only likely opponent , and it was delusory to think that finland could successfully defend herself against the red army for an indefinite period of time . 
  in the long run , finland 's only guarantee of survival was the conscience of western civilization . 
  finland , it was hoped , would be regarded as a vital outpost of everything the western powers stood for , and as such would not be allowed to vanish from the map . 
    thus was born a strategy designed to enable finland to hang on long enough for outside aid to reach it . 
  if that hope proved chimerical -- as it ultimately did -- the only thing left to do was to resist so fiercely that the russians would opt for a negotiated settlement rather than total conquest . 
    if , however , stalin did seek total subjugation , as he , molotov , zhdanov , and the other members of his circle now evidently intended , the finnish army would , as risto ryti declared to that * new york times * reporter , fight to the last man . 
  in short , mannerheim 's plans were not based on the absurd hope of outright victory , but , as veteran correspondent john langdon-davies put it , on `` the most honorable annihilation , with the faint hope that the conscience of mankind would find an alternative solution as a reward for bravery and singleness of purpose . '', 
  ( p77 ) [ snip ]  one thing was certainly clear : the ussr had already lost on the front of world opinion . 
  everywhere the tide of horror and indignation at the russian invasion continued to mount , giving rise to furious anti-soviet and anti-communist demonstrations and protests of various forms , as well as swelling the number of volunteers from various nations who wished to enlist in `` brave little finland 's gallant fight . '', 
  ( p88 ) [ snip ]  it was the captains turn to ask the inquiring englishman a question . 
  `` he asked me when britain would come to finland 's aid . '', 
  cox was at a loss to answer . 
  `` the odds were so unfair that it seemed to them that every country in the world must rush to their aid . 
  they were not so much angered as amazed that no one showed any sign of helping them . '', 
  [ snip ]  later that day vaino hakkila , the venerable speaker of the finnish parliament , broadcast his own emotional appeal to the world . 
  `` to all the peoples of the world , '' hakkila declared --    the finnish people , who always have tried to work with all other nations , have founded their future on their peaceful work . 
  today they are the victims of brutal aggression from their eastern neighbor without having given any cause for aggression . 
      we have no choice . 
  this struggle has been forced upon us . 
  the people of finland fight for their independence , their freedom and their homes . 
  we are defending our fatherland , our democratic regime , our religion , our homes and all that civilized peoples hold sacred . 
    as president kallio had done in his independence day broadcast four days before , the sixty-seven-year-old hakkila , not one generally known for his oratory , couched his appeal in biblical terms . 
  nothing less than the fate of christian civilization depended on the outcome of the unequal struggle being waged between finland and the barbarian hordes that besieged it . 
  `` we have given proof , '' the bespectacled social democrate proclaimed , `` that we wanted to do all we could in this struggle , but we believe the civilized world , which had given us testimony of its great sympathy , will not leave us to fight alone against an enemy more numerous than ourselves . 
  our position as the advance guard of western civilization gives us the right to expect active help from other civilized nations . '', 
    `` to all these nations , '' he closed , `` the finnish parliament now sends its appeal . '', 
  ( p111 ) finland then requested that the league of nations provide assistance on the grounds that the ussr was waging a war of aggression :  the motion then moved on to the league 's highest body , the council . 
  by the time the swedes , the latvians , the greeks , and various other intimidated members had dropped out , after offering their excuses , only seven of the organ 's fifteen members remained : britain , france , belgium , the union of south africa , egypt , bolivia , and the dominican republic -- `` not the most impressive collection of nations to act as guardians of the conscience of mankind , '' as jakobson wryly notes . 
  the rump council then duly voted to expel the soviet union , while also directing the organization 's members to offer finland `` all possible assistance . '', 
    with that half-hearted measure this odd session of the league came to an end -- and so , effectively , did the league . 
  ( p120 ) [ snip ]  `` british sympathy is overwhelmingly with the finns , '' murrow affirmed , speaking freely from broadcasting house in london . 
  `` the papers , radio , newsreels , denounce the russian invasion in the strongest possible terms and express great admiration for the finnish resistance . 
  the general attitude seems to be that britain should assist the finns in every possible way without handicapping her own effort . '', 
  ( p124 ) just saying that a similar expectation was in the air from finland last time around too -- and it did n't translate into declarations of war or soldiers . 
  true , the circumstances are different today -- there is no threat of a combined war against both germany and russia , the us at least had much of its heavy veil of noninterventionism torn away by the world wars , there is some military cooperation , but ... in the past , domain experts were wrong and it led to finland 's expectation of involvement without military obligation . 
  so if you have one case of an incorrect imprisonment , all democracy and human rights stop existing ? 
  russia also has a lot of lumber , same as canada , the us , and scandinavia . 
  i 'm noticing the lumber-heavy countries using lumber ... 
  i understand that sweden , like canada and the us , has a lot of lumber . 
  i 'd guess that the word either showed up as a [ euphemism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euphemism ) or as [ slang ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slang ) . 
  euphemisms are used when discussion would otherwise be taboo , and sex is often a topic of that . 
  that would explain the euphemism route . 
  for slang ... i do n't know why there are so many slang words about sex , and why generations seem to generate new ones at such a rapid rate . 
  i 've wondered for a while whether a lot of slang exists to establish a different connotation for a word that the current language fails to express ( and the wikipedia article does state that some linguists feel that this is a driving factor for the creation of slang , so that fits ) . 
  for example , talking about sex or related topics might be taboo in some contexts , so we 've established cold , impersonal , clinical terms that have a very different connotation -- `` intercourse '' , `` defecation '' , etc , the sort of thing that a a doctor or medical paper can say . 
  the mental associations with these clinical terms often is n't really pleasant -- `` vagina '' brings to mind `` yeast infection '' for me . 
  so , a slang term would n't have those unpleasant connotations , but rather one of having fun . 
  heading further off into hypothesizing , one reason for this happening on a per-generation basis might be that in current society , people do n't really want to associate their parents or connotations of same with talking about sex . 
  a way to avoid all those mental associations is to use a word that your parents would n't use , and you 've mentally-disconnected from them . 
  so if both euphemisms and slang tend towards sex and generate new meanings for existing words , you 'd expect points where someone crashes into a word with a double-meaning to have that meaning be sexual . 
  only sputnik , a news outlet run by the russian government , is highlighting this at the moment ; this may be just a par-for-the-course conversation ( or not ! ) . 
  [ bridget bink can do a terrifyingly-crazed smile ] ( http://uzbekistan.usembassy.gov/dcm_2014.html ) . 
  i have very little familiarity with the details , but in the abstract , i like the idea . 
  it would make the accession process less-painful and produce less resistance among incumbents .
