  cool idea , un . 
  tell you what . 
  you go make your internet and just do n't connect it to our internet , and you can go do things however you want there and see how well it works out . 
  if that 's actually what everyone wants , then everyone will surely go move . 
  hell , you can even tunnel it over the existing internet to bootstrap infrastructure . 
  good luck . 
  i 'm not betting on you , though . 
  that fence served a rather different role to the hungarians , though . 
   research published today suggests a 0.6 per cent gdp boost by 2020 any economic activity increases gdp . 
  that does n't mean that the average standard of living in the country will rise , which is probably more-interesting to most . 
  and let 's put it another way -- why would germany seek to relocate refugees if these are what germany needs and wants ? 
  seems like it would be running counter to germany 's own interest . 
  well , if you read the article body :  q : what is the story behind this alleged `` disloyal payment '' to platini ? 
    a : a disloyal payment is one that was against the interests of the organisation , which in this instance would be fifa . 
  the swiss authorities allege platini was given the payment in 2011 for work he carried out as a consultant for fifa nine years previously . 
  [ snip ]  recap = disloyal payments   @lukedbrown i would like to know is , what is a ` disloyalty payment ' & is platinni being investigated as to why he is entitiled to it ? 
    -- geoff myers ( @mrgeoffmyers ) september 25 , 2015   the simplest explanation i have seen this afternoon ( look , i 'm not going to pretend my job on a sports desk makes me an expert on swiss law ... ) is as follows :   under swiss law , a payment is classified disloyal if it is against the best interest of the employer - in this case fifa . 
    according to switzerland 's attorney general , the money was supposedly paid nine years later for platini 's work as blatter 's football adviser at fifa from 1999-2002 . 
  platini was questioned as a witness on friday about taking a `` disloyal payment '' of 2 million swiss francs ( now $ 2.04 million ) of fifa money in february 2011 . 
    at the time , platini was already tipped as a future fifa leader but decided not to run against blatter in that year 's presidential election - instead backing the incumbent against mohamed bin hammam of qatar . 
  blatter was re-elected in may 2011 after bin hammam withdrew amid bribery allegations . 
   a country ca n't just lead people on for years with promises of x , y and z , and then suddenly take away the candy at the last minute sure , it can . 
  obviously it might be disadvantageous to having done so earlier and let people make informed decisions , but it 's not at all clear that doing this is on the net worse for finland . 
  sucks for some of the migrants involved , though -- that means that migrants are making an uninformed decision now about whether-or-not they can pull in their family . 
  it may very well be in the interest of people who would have chosen to apply for refugee status elsewhere to have the policy go through immediately , so that they 'd know that it would impact them and can make a decision accordingly . 
  ( obviously , worse for anyone for whom the reunification policy would let through family before then , though . ), 
  hmm . 
  maybe because they 're worried about our culture spreading over to the eu ? 
  best defense is a good offense ? 
   by that logic , every small nation shold become part of a bigger state . 
  murica, 
  you do know that we 're at [ 69 % overweight or obese ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/nchs/fastats/obesity-overweight.htm ) and worse-off than ireland , right ? 
   and now it 's time for the next round . 
  round etiquette is very simple , but very strict . 
  if there are x people , you are going to drink at least x pints , as everyone needs to buy a pint . 
  if you need to leave early make sure you buy the pint as early as possible - do n't leave without buying a round , unless you want to say goodbye to your social life . 
  and thus , the britons establish a [ gift economy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gift_economy ) and establish their society 's social bonds and communities , lubricated by ethanol and facilitated by private industry . 
   mathematically it is unlikly and dumb arrogant to think we are the only species out there . 
  i do n't really think that you can assert that unless you have special knowledge of what some of the constants in the [ drake equation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drake_equation ) are . 
  probably makes it riskier to smuggle illegal material using refugee movement as a cover , though . 
  [ freemasons ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/freemasonry ) are a lot less-exciting than the image they try to project . 
   anyone who violates the strict american laws and regulations , can dress warmly . 
  i 'm getting the impression that there 's a german metaphor there that google translate does n't understand . 
  thanks . 
  i was going to point out that per-capita is really the metric that should be used . 
  the thing that ticks me off is that i think that there * is * a lot of room for real , rigorous work in the social sciences . 
  it 's just that the bar is often left so low , and so much unfounded nonsense is permitted in relative to the hard sciences . 
  when i come away from reading a paper , i do n't want to read the author 's vague , unsupported impressions . 
  i want numbers , hard data , some sort of starting point that people can build on or or dispute or whatever . 
  if all you have is a crowd of people making poorly-defined assertions , you ca n't * get * anywhere . 
  the article seems to not be driven by much data at all -- it looks more like the author wanted to go off on a rant about the decline of france without being bothered to establish that there * was * any degree of decline and its magnitude . 
  makes it hard to evaluate or dispute any of his assertions . 
  almost every sentence in here is a broad assertion without data backing it up . 
   intellectuals in france are not just experts in their particular fields , such as literature , art , philosophy and history . 
  they also speak in universal terms , and are expected to provide moral guidance about general social and political issues . 
  are they ? 
  more so than intellectuals in other countries ? 
  heck , just how is the author defining an intellectual * anyway * ? 
   indeed , the most eminent french intellectuals are almost sacred figures , who became global symbols of the causes they championed -- thus voltaire 's powerful denunciation of religious intolerance , rousseau 's rousing defense of republican freedom , victor hugo 's eloquent tirade against napoleonic despotism , \u00c9mile zola 's passionate plea for justice during the dreyfus affair , and simone de beauvoir 's bold advocacy of women 's emancipation . 
  again , is this uniquely true of france ? 
   fashion outlets have replaced high theoretical endeavor in saint-germain-des-pr\u00e8s . 
  districts often change : is this a good metric of the degree of examination of society going on in france ? 
   in fact , with very rare exceptions , such as thomas piketty 's book on capitalism , paris has ceased to be a major center of innovation in the humanities and social sciences . 
  have the number of people doing work in humanities in paris relative to the number doing work in humanities in other major cities ? 
   the dominant characteristics of contemporary french intellectual production are its superficial , derivative qualities ( typified by figures such as bernard-henri l\u00e9vy ) and its starkly pessimistic state of mind . 
  [ several pessimistic works are then listed . ], 
  this again seems pretty disconnected from real data . 
  and what if it were true , and the works were more-pessimistic ? 
  does this mean that analysis of society is less-accurate ? 
  is the author saying that it was not the case that authors in his favored period were over-optimistic ? 
   the system has become both less meritocratic and more technocratic , producing an elite which is markedly less sophisticated and intellectually creative than its 19th and 20th century forebears : the contrast in this respect between sarkozy and hollande , who can barely speak grammatical french , and their eloquent and cerebral presidential predecessors is striking . 
  i was n't aware of that , but this seems to be drifting from the author 's earlier criticism of a lack of new ideas in examining society coming out . 
  are we measuring sophistication by command of the french language ? 
  in that sense , i imagine that english is probably making inroads , but that 's a different sort of complaint than saying that no new ideas in analysis of society are coming out . 
   this explains why french intellectuals appear so gloomy about their nation 's future , and have become both more inward-looking , and increasingly turned to their national past ... one * does * note that this article is a gloomy , inward-looking article turned towards france 's national past . 
  :-)  it is worth noting , in this context , that neither the collapse of communism in the former soviet bloc nor the arab spring were inspired by french thought -- in stark contrast with the philosophy of national liberation which underpinned the struggle against european colonialism , which was decisively shaped by the writings of sartre and fanon . 
  i do n't understand how this is relevant . 
  was the collapse of communism inspired by someone * else 's * writings , or simply by the demonstration that , after many years of effort and great resources being thrown into things , planned economies simply were not competitive with market-based ones ? 
  if that 's the case , why is n't the author condemning `` intellectualism '' in general , rather than just the french scene ? 
   indeed , as europe fumbles shamefully in its collective response to its current refugee crisis , it is sobering that the reaction which has been most in tune with the enlightenment 's rousseauist heritage of humanity and cosmopolitan fraternity has come not from socialist france , but from christian-democratic germany . 
  and this * again * seems to be another shift -- talking about how in-line with the past current political positions are ( and frankly , i rather suspect that germany 's political positions have little to do with the difference between social critics in france and germany ) . 
  it might also be an interesting question whether we should roll back emissions standards -- it 's possible that they 've become completely unrealistic if they 're disconnected from what automakers can do . 
  that 's not a christian thing -- [ secular circumcision in the us and the uk started to try to discourage masturbation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/circumcision#modern_times ) . 
  those countries just happen to also be majority-christian . 
   circumcision did not become a common medical procedure in the anglophone world until the late 19th century . 
  [ 84 ] at that time , british and american doctors began recommending it primarily as a deterrent to masturbation . 
  [ 84 ] [ 85 ] prior to the 20th century , masturbation was believed to be the cause of a wide range of physical and mental illnesses including epilepsy , paralysis , impotence , gonorrhea , tuberculosis , feeblemindedness , and insanity . 
  i 'm shrugging because it 's not a fundamental issue . 
  your complaint is `` i can not solve a problem where i need to bucket everything identically '' , and saying `` one way is to expose all of the source data '' . 
  that 's * one * way to do it , but it 's also clearly not necessary . 
   if the problem to be solved were a pixel-by-pixel comparison of two images < shrug  well , then use a [ fuzzy hash ] ( http://ssdeep.sourceforge.net/ ) rather than a cryptographic hash . 
  there 's a certain irony here -- a major element in the germanic tribes taking over the portion of europe that they did was [ in what kicked off the gothic war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gothic_war_%28376%e2%80%93382%29 ) . 
  the roman empire accepted large-scale refugees , but only accepted the ones who could actually cross the water themselves , with the goal of building up the workforce :  the gothic war is the name given to a gothic uprising in the eastern roman empire in the balkans between about 376/7 and 382 . 
  the war , and in particular the battle of adrianople , was a major turning point in the history of the roman empire , the first barbarian invasion [ dubious -- discuss ] in a series of events over the next century that would see the collapse of the western roman empire . 
    in the summer and fall of 376 , tens of thousands [ citation needed ] of displaced goths and other tribes arrived on the danube river , on the border of the roman empire , requesting asylum from the huns . 
  fritigern , a leader of the thervingi , appealed to the roman emperor valens to be allowed to settle with his people on the south bank of the danube , where they hoped to find refuge from the huns , who lacked the ability to cross the wide river in force . 
  valens permitted this , and even helped the goths cross the river , [ citation needed ] probably at the fortress of durostorum ( modern silistra ) , bulgaria . 
    valens promised the goths farming land , grain rations , and protection under the roman armies as foederati . 
  his major reasons for quickly accepting the goths into roman territory were to increase the size of his army , and to gain a new tax base to increase his treasury . 
  [ citation needed ] the selection of goths that were allowed to cross the danube was unforgiving : the weak , old , and sickly were left on the far bank to fend for themselves against the huns .
