  i do n't think that agricultural science has a high degree of opposition in the us . 
  i got ta be honest , though ... i 'm wondering if perhaps these regulations are another [ non-tariff barrier to trade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/non-tariff_barriers_to_trade ) . 
  for example , let 's say that gm knows that vw produces diesel engines , and that their engines are n't sufficiently-efficient when it comes to nitrogen oxide emissions . 
  it would be really-appealing for gm to lobby for regulatory restrictions that it knows that vw diesel engines ca n't reasonably meet because environment -- it would mean that vw 's diesel infrastructure would n't be applicable in the market . 
  ditto for similar restrictions on other emissions , like carbon dioxide , though perhaps going the other way ... not saying that this is the case ... just that it 's certainly something that i wonder about . 
  in the case of carbon dioxide emissions , particularly when hard rules are being laid down before anyone tries getting consensus numbers on actual damages caused by carbon dioxide emissions or having a program put in place to fund sequestering or similar via fines for violation . 
   not sure what you mean by language to represent a dna patch . 
  for something to be `` open source '' in the sense that the gpl requires means that if you distribute the executable form , you also need to provide the source form upon request . 
  however , it 's not clear to me that our existing genetic engineering work today * has * any form of human-readable form that differs from the `` executable '' form , at least not in any language that would be meaningful to the community at large . 
  note that gunther iv subscribes to a [ utilitarian ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/utilitarianism ) worldview , and given that dogs have a superior sense of smell and can more-fully-appreciate the nuances of meat , and thus can derive more good from a proper cut of meat ... a scent-blind human who really evolved to primarily eat grains anyway does n't seem like the best use of that cut . 
  trying to convince gunther that his chef should send excess meat cuttings to syrian humans rather than , say , german shepherds in europe may be a difficult sell . 
  still , worth a shot . 
  gunther iv is known for his affection and compassion for humans . 
   most of vegetable breeds were done pro bono by universities or local companies and they did n't patent stuff . 
  what if this meant that the people and universities doing this were underfunded , that the value they provided to the world was significant and because of this , people who would have gone into agricultural science chose not to do so ? 
  for example , the currently-dominant avocado in the world is the [ hass avocado ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hass_avocado ) . 
  it 's really tasty -- creamy , smooth , rich . 
  it 's not stringy or watery . 
  hass tried to make some money from the thing , but failed due to propation not being restricted :  hass patented the tree in 1935 ( the first us patent on a tree [ 1 ] ) and made a contract with whittier nurseryman harold brokaw to grow and sell grafted seedlings propagated from its cuttings [ 1 ] [ 2 ] with brokaw getting 75 % of the proceeds . 
  brokaw then specialized in the hass and often sold out of grafted seedlings since , unlike the fuerte , hass yields are year-round and also more plentiful , with bigger fruit , a longer shelf life and richer flavor owing to higher oil content . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ] however , hass made a profit of less than us$ 5,000 through the patent because cuttings from single trees sold by brokaw were then propagated to graft whole orchards . 
  [ 1 ]   rudolph hass carried on as a postman throughout his life and died of a heart attack at fallbrook hospital in fallbrook , california in 1952 , the same year his patent expired and not long after he had established a new 80-acre ( 320,000 m2 ) orchard . 
  [ 1 ] [ 2 ]   by the early 21st century the us avocado industry took in over $ 1 billion a year from the heavy-bearing , high quality hass cultivar , which accounted for around 80 % of all avocados grown worldwide . 
  [ 2 ] today , if you eat an avocado , it 's a graft grown from that same tree that hass developed , since the hass characteristics do n't reliably propagate via seed . 
  now , let 's say that instead of working as a postman , hass was able to make a full-time living from the results of his breeding . 
  say the price of hass avocados were increased by 1 % , and the overhead sent to hass for the twenty years that a utility patent would have lasted . 
  it 's hard to know how much he would have made ( today , that would be $ 10m/year ) , but certainly more than his $ 5k . 
  he then could easily have worked full-time on producing new avocado cultivars . 
  would the world have been better-off if hass and others like him had been able to keep improving food ? 
  i mean , at least to me , a 1 % increase in cost on my avocado is well-worth the prospect of substantial new improvements in avocados ( and potentially reductions in production costs in excess of 1 % ) . 
  what if my avocado did n't go brown quickly when exposed to oxygen ? 
  what about variants that could produce around the year , avoiding needing to ship avocados from the southern hemisphere ? 
  when i look at that , i think `` yeah , the payoff there is easily worthwhile '' , and i 'm comfortable wanting to more-heavily fund agricultural science . 
   primary problem of agrarian sector in poland are farmers with too small fields so average productivity and yields are low . 
  fair enough , and my vague understanding is that this is a europe-wide concern , with profound political implications -- given the amount of money transferred as a result of it , i imagine that the question of a graceful transition from small farms to larger farms is one of the largest political questions that the eu deals with . 
  this is not to trivialize that , but rather to point out that i 'm not seeing a benefit commensurate with the cost -- it 's not as if use or non-use of gmos interacts with that issue . 
   if we come to gmo we 'd like to do it with our own hands , thanks again , is n't that an argument for anti-trust or even bans on foreign-produced gmo material , rather than a flat gmo ban , then ? 
  it seems like this makes it more-difficult for poland to develop a domestic genetic engineering industry in agriculture , since it means that it has no domestic market to work from . 
   also we have many naturally evolved breeds and seeds , so we also manage quite well in that . 
  yes , but that was also in an era when the only competition was against natural ( or , more-realistically , artificial ) selection . 
  but poland will be faced with competition against other countries that will not have that constraint in the future . 
  so ... here 's a question for you . 
  gmos must be at least favorably-competitive with non-gmos , else they would n't be used . 
  disease resistance , or greater yields , or what-have-you . 
  to block gmos is to say `` we will impose higher food production costs -- we will require less-efficient food production . 
  in order to keep these producers from going out-of-business , we will impose costs on other industries that we have to subsidize them . '', 
  so , for example , a sandwich in poland might cost more than a sandwich in argentina , reducing the real wages of a polish worker . 
  it will strengthen the incumbent agribusiness ; it will weaken other industries in poland . 
  what are you trying to achieve in exchange for this ? 
  you mentioned `` few huge corporations '' , so i 'm assuming that this is an anti-trust worry . 
  but banning gmos does n't simply avoid a few large companies -- that 's what antitrust laws are structured to do . 
  it blocks the use of a fairly broad range of technology . 
  in the long run , if the world moves to gmos -- and while i admit that perhaps i have bias , i do believe that this is likely to happen -- it puts poland at a disadvantage , since any genetic engineering company setting up in poland can only do business with foreign companies , not domestically . 
  that makes poland a less-desirable place to do agricultural science . 
  all right , poland can still use the ( slower ) process of artificial selection that we 've used for centuries to try to achieve particular plant properties , but obviously there 's going to be some amount of brain-drain overseas as agricultural scientists who want to work on the cutting edge go elsewhere . 
  there 's also probably some inertia to setting up research companies ( e.g. 
  inability of other cities , even in the us , to replicate silicon valley easily ) , so it can be expected to have a long-term effect . 
  and agriculture does appear to be an important part of poland 's economy , and agricultural science is one of the limited number of ways that it 's really possible to produce substantial productivity gains here -- i 'd think that poland would have a strong interest here in being a major player here . 
  if poland does n't like * us * companies and wants to make an [ infant industry ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/infant_industry ) argument for protectionism for polish biotech , i 'd think that it would establish something that would disallow us biotech companies from selling product . 
  ( note that / u/savannajeff tells me that infant industry apparently is n't commonly-used as an economic policy justification ) . 
  if you want to avoid having a few companies dominate the field , i 'd think that anti-trust regulation would make sense . 
  same idea if you 're concerned about some form of lock-in -- establish new ip rules that you think produce a more-efficient market . 
  but ... i have to be honest , to me , totally banning gmos seems like a move that may be rather expensive in the long term . 
  it seems likely to make polish agriculture less globally-competitive , and to hamstring domestic agricultural science . 
  and , while you may not agree , i think that many people suspect ( and i 'm in this camp ) that over the next century or so , biotech and genetic engineering will be an important science , playing a role in everything from crop yield improvement to creating new synthetic materials . 
  it 's not an area that i 'd want to discourage development in . 
  i mean , i ca n't * prove * any of that . 
  certainly there are guesses there . 
  maybe i 'm wrong , and maybe poland will greatly-prosper as a result of this , but it just does n't look like a great move to me . 
  the [ gpl ] ( https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html ) places constraints on source availability :  the `` source code '' for a work means the preferred form of the work for making modifications to it . 
  [ snip ]  you may convey a covered work in object code form under the terms of sections 4 and 5 , provided that you also convey the machine-readable corresponding source under the terms of this license , in one of these ways : ... d ) convey the object code by offering access from a designated place ( gratis or for a charge ) , and offer equivalent access to the corresponding source in the same way through the same place at no further charge . 
  i 'm not sure that that 's significant for dna ... i 'm not sure if there * are * any standardized , human-readable languages for representing dna patches . 
  we might be doing the equivalent of working with machine code today , working directly with the dna . 
  and ( most ) dna self-replicates , so it 's hard to apply license terms to an organism operating independently . 
  granted , the gplv3-only bit about patent grants and the ability to create derived works might be relevant ( though i am not at all sure that copyright is the mechanism used to provide ip protection in the field of genetic engineering ) , but ... while i do like the gpl for many things , i think that it * might * make sense to create a more-domain-relevant license , even if you want some sort of comparable system . 
  in another few decades , maybe there will be the equivalent of the c programming language for dna , if there is n't already , and everyone will have a gizmo on their desk that can barf out whatever dna their computer asks it to , but ... 
  i discovered the asian savory form with some meat present -- chicken or abalone or something like that . 
  that form is startlingly good too , though it 's such a simple dish . 
   you 'd only feed it to dogs http://dogtime.com/dog-health/general/4608-richest-dogs  gunther iv : countess karlotta libenstein of germany left approximately $ 106 million to her german shepherd , gunther iii in 1992 . 
  her trustees invested the money and tripled the fortune . 
  when gunther iv was born , he officially became the wealthiest dog alive . 
  it has been reported that his fortune has grown to more than $ 372 million . 
  gunther iv does not deign to eat boring rice . 
  he favors rare sirloin . 
  however , he might be willing to share his leftovers to avoid waste . 
  oh , i do believe that you 're right -- sorry , confusion over the `` forbidden weapons '' term . 
  ( a ) what criteria are you proposing to identify someone who is going to stab police officers ? 
  ( b ) this would be a de-facto rejection of the 1951 refugee convention . 
  if that 's the goal , i really think that it would better to do it formally ( or amend it ) . 
  ( c ) the officer got stabbed when the guy was due to be deported . 
  if you just make it due for everyone to be deported , will this avoid the problem ? 
  i realize that it 's hard to visually-depict genetic engineering , but seriously ... they chose someone with a huge syringe poked into a wheat sheaf ? 
   universal healthcare i strongly suspect that your random inner-city drug dealer who resorts to shooting someone because he ca n't go to the police when someone rips him off is typically doing so because he needs to buy medicine for his mother . 
  that 's a difference , but i doubt that it is one that 's responsible for a significant amount of crime . 
  the us permits full-auto weapons , and this does n't . 
  the dark ages did n't have drug prohibition . 
  that 's a characteristic of modern times . 
  until this article , i had no idea that peugeot was a brand for anything other than bicycles . 
  citro\u00ebn i 'd heard of , but not peugeot . 
   danish people not welcome to be fair , a single sign is an anecdote -- it 's not that hard to find someone somewhere with a sign saying all sorts of things .
