  at the time , it seemed painstakingly agonizing and wasting time of a lot of experts ; the documents seemed pretty dubious from the get-go . 
  but that 's part of the scientific process : you need to not just claim that someone is incorrect but show exactly what you did to come to that conclusion , so that they could repeat the steps if they wanted to do so . 
  i 'm glad that we have people who are willing to fact-check in such a fashion . 
  just that it 's not a generic textfile processor that requires manually going out and pasting stuff in itself . 
  sounds good !, 
  i would have thought that everything on a ship would be as fire-resistant as possible . 
  that goes double for a submarine ... 
   kremlin propaganda appears to be downplaying soviet crimes that 's not really the same as being in favor of stalin , much less physically-threatening people who opposed stalin . 
  chelsea clinton is eligible to run in 2016 . 
  dubya 's twins are a few weeks too late , but will be eligible in 2020 . 
  for all that talk about ending aristocracy , we did n't get quite as far as we might have hoped ... 
   potential for total data transparency is so massive a glorious panoptical utopia awaits us !, 
  just saying that they 're not a disinterested party in government funding for american civil engineering . 
  thanks !, 
  does it walk reddit comments , or do you have to manually do that ? 
  a civilian militia today is n't likely to go stand up in a big bunch and do a pitched battle with thanks ; rather , it makes it very difficult to stop guerilla warfare . 
  at that , small arms are pretty successful . 
  that [ does n't appear to be the case ] ( http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/ag.lnd.prcp.mm ) . 
  worldwide , countries like colombia get much more , and even in europe , albania ( for example ) gets more precipitation than ireland . 
  no , it 's not . 
  e-voting does not provide cryptographic proof that your vote made it to the counter . 
  slashdot and similar places that love crypto and tech everywhere are very dubious about e-voting for good reason . 
  i have n't looked into the infrastructure spending breakdown by country , but my guess is that things like water and gas being provided by private companies as in the us dramatically lower the level of government infrastructure spending . 
  what software are you using for this ? 
  can this automatically-spider reddit comments ? 
  i 'd kind of like one too . 
  i 'd assume that sweden 's market for left-hand-side-of-the-road cars was non-zero at the time of changeover , though you bring up a fair point in that it may well have been well-under 50 % by that point . 
  pulling up those numbers might be interesting ... 
  just saying that it 's entirely-possible for countries to change without problems , and i 'd assume that as integration with the mainland continues , pressure will continue to increase . 
   the german merchants of transylvania were upset by what we would call today `` economic protectionism '' : vlad did n't allow foreign merchants to sell wares directly in fairs and markets in wallachia . 
  the german merchants would have to sell their wares whole-sale at the transylvanian-wallachian border to local wallachian merchants , who would then sell it in the country . 
  japan and china had similar models . 
  i 'm a little suspicious that the primary goal here is facilitating the collection of import tariffs for the government rather than protection of importers . 
   more to the point though , we wo n't change . 
  sweden changed from left to right successfully . 
  i 'd want to see statistics before agreeing that hostage rescue teams from the us are unusually-likely to kill people . 
  that being said , it 's certainly the case that police * have * indavertently-killed hostages ; [ i remember this video clip from a couple months ago of police chasing down a car of bank robbers who had taken three hostages ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxb-d25vji8 ) and wound up killing one of the hostages as well . 
  while germany did a lot of very unpleasant things on the eastern front ( and certainly would execute communists as an institution , and committed its share of war crimes ) , germany was definitely less-rapey than russia . 
  < shrug  take a lot of young men and arm them . 
  remove a functioning society , police , certainty of living beyond a few hours or days longer , and then have your leaders whip up anger over various affronts . 
  do n't really tell the young men much about what 's going on . 
  some countries will do better and some will do worse , but there 's always going to be some degree of unpleasantness there . 
  fundamentalism is re-focusing on the fundamentals of a religion , throwing out re-interpretation and doctrine that has become attached to the religion . 
  it does n't mean `` killing nonbelievers '' . 
  corrected , thanks !, 
  this article spent a lot of time on the anecdote : the interesting statistic was :  withered by inflation that has doubled over the last year to 15 % , the average russian household income shrank to 31,200 rubles , or about $ 500 , a month , according to statistics released by the economic development ministry in march . 
  that was an 8 % drop in ruble income from the previous year , and a ** 50 % plunge in the dollar value of the average salary ** . 
   just do n't be surprised when there is an us reaction to your action , zeman . 
  the only reason i know about this is because it came up on / r/europe . 
  this incident seems very unlikely to be of general interest . 
   anti-uk maybe `` pro-eu-federalism '' would be more-accurate ? 
  i do n't see a lot of people who dislike the uk ; they just want to lump the uk into the eu . 
  [ christian fundamentalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_fundamentalism ) is really a protestant phenomenon , not catholic . 
  furthermore , nothing about the story would seem to indicate that she was fundamentalist . 
  the moon probably [ formed from earth ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/moon#formation ) , so all they 're missing out on is some rocks that took a big round trip before coming back home . 
   these displays have not been well cared for by their their receiving countries and have mostly sat forgotten in museums rather than being displayed honestly , it 's a rock . 
  it 's a nice piece of history , but it 's still a rock . 
  there are only so many little trinkets that a country can accumulate that can be perma-guarded . 
  it reminds me of the hollande camel business a while back : hollande first being given [ a camel ] ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/mali/9978418/francois-hollande-receives-camel-from-mali-government.html ) which he clearly did not want or want to deal with , which he then gave away to get rid of it , and then saw the thing eaten ... he was then given * another * one to replace it , and he very clearly wanted to avoid the whole mess other than not creating a diplomatic incident over it . 
  it 's got no real applications other than having visitors or tourists look at it , so you put it in a museum . 
  moon rocks go for something like $ 3,000 / gram , so it 's worth someone at least thinking about stealing it from that museum , and there you have it . 
  it should n't be some sort of burden that the recipient has to care for forever and ever . 
  and then there 's the `` supposed to be a cool old guy but is actually the power '' model , like russia . 
  although ... to be fair , [ a lot of the money that let him do that was from book deals ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/barack-obama-tax-return-income-assets-2012-9?op=1 ) , and those books probably would not have been remotely as successful if not for his political position . 
  a couple of notes : * air force one ( that designation is attached to one of multiple aircraft , actually ) are certainly a vehicle and maybe an office to a limited degree , and certainly are expensive , but i 'd have a hard time calling them a residence * the white house 's office facilities are somewhat-separate from the president 's residence . 
  it 's not * quite * combined . 
  * the president has to pay for some things that surprised me , like the chef in the white house ( outside of formal state dinners given on behalf of the united states ) . 
  if [ * yes , prime minister * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yes_minister ) is accurate in its portrayal ( it had an entire episode where the pm was complaining that the bureaucrats beneath him had cafeteria services , but he had no state-provided meals ) , the prime minister of the uk is in the same boat . 
  not sure to what degree that 's true of the leaders of various countries . 
  edit : removed camp david snippit, 
   they tried that in wwi but the forces on both sides were too equally matched for this to work . 
  i think that a larger factor was simply that machine guns gave the defender a tremendous advantage . 
  obviously , at * some * point , the balance would have tipped ( i.e. 
  if there were one german soldier defending a line and a hundred thousand french soldiers attacking it , that one defender is n't going to be able to hold the line ) . 
  however , there have been many evenly-matched-in-numbers battles that did n't result in multi-year-long stalemates ; those predated the machine gun . 
  when that did happen , i 'd say that it would have been because of other defensive technologies that favored the defender , like fortifications . 
   the kgb used this subversion method extensively and funded left-wing radicals worldwide . 
  not just them . 
  germany successfully brought down russia 's government by inserting lenin into russia during the first world war . 
  russia 's leadership is probably concerned about countries leaving russia 's influence by joining the eu . 
  i do n't mean `` threaten '' in the sense of a military threat or that it should be viewed as a justification . 
   jeez do you even apocalypse ? 
  [ not incompatible with putting the world leaders there . 
  you just move population in as required ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jf9itz433zs&amp;t=2m15s ) . 
  nato was n't threatening russia , but countries willingly choosing to join the eu may have been . 
   do you really think that finland would be some priority if shit hits the fan ? 
  yes ? 
   sooo even usa remotely suggests that eurozone ... my point is that the us is n't suggesting that . 
  well , in the long-term , though ... china will in short order be the world 's largest economic power . 
  smaller than all nato countries combined , but larger than just the us or the eu alone . 
  it could choose to build more military hardware at any time in the same way the us did during world war ii , and it already has a population 1.3 times the size of the eu and the us combined . 
  russia has a large nuclear arsenal and a lot of existing arms manufacturers and raw resources , and it 's capable of guaranteeing china uranium and fossil fuels ( which would eliminate the pre-world war ii strategy of cutting off japan 's oil supply ) . 
  you might be right that china + russia could n't immediately pose a conventional threat to nato this very second , but that does n't necessarily say much about the future . 
  i was going to say '' [ lake baikal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lake_baikal ) '' , but then i realized that even though baikal has more volume than the great lakes , and the great lakes are normally shown on political maps , [ baikal often is n't ] ( http://www.mapsofworld.com/world-political-map-2000px.jpg ) . 
  huh . 
  i 've never heard someone tell a polish joke in the us . 
  french , yes . 
  soviet , yes . 
  mexican , you bet . 
  even canadian .
