  clearly , the guy is a liar !, 
   you advocate for democracy in your other comment and yet want to punish an entire nation for their democratic choice of supporting a leader that you do n't like that sounds compatible with democracy to me . 
   this , despite the fact that the ukrainian authorities said that she would be given protection when she returned to ukraine . 
  i 'm not saying that there was n't some promise that was n't kept , but seriously -- is there any reason at all to think that she 's at risk ? 
  a voluntary-membership english-language forum seems like a place where you 'd get a certain amount of selection bias against objecting to english . 
  [ matthew 16:28 ] ( https://www.biblegateway.com/passage/?search=matthew+16%3a28&amp;version=niv ) :  `` truly i tell you , some who are standing here will not taste death before they see the son of man coming in his kingdom . '' some two millennia later , judgment day still has n't happened , and everyone running around at that time is long-dead . 
  and the eu is ready for russia to return ukrainian land . 
  sounds like a promising , win-win combination !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ribbon_of_saint_george  the ribbon of saint george is also used by russian civilians as a patriotic symbol . 
  in ukraine and the baltic states ( estonia , latvia and lithuania ) , the symbol has become widely associated with russian nationalist and separatist sentiment . 
  comes from a military award in imperial russia . 
  you want to do a hammer-and-sickle or nazi flag , you can do that all you want in the us . 
  or , if your response is `` well , yeah , that 's because these do n't have the same meaning to the us '' , the confederate states of america 's battle flag , which is still widely-flown . 
  in fact , there 's [ currently an outstanding supreme court case ] ( http://www.scotusblog.com/case-files/cases/walker-v-texas-division-sons-of-confederate-veterans-inc/ ) over whether texas even can choose not to offer the confederate battle flag on a license plate -- if it 's speech by the state ( which chooses a small number of designs ) then it may not be protected , but if it 's speech by the individual ( which wants the ability to have a confederate battle flag license plate ) then the state can not block it . 
  i 'm faintly insulted that you 'd think that there 's any question as to the most-desirable of neighboring countries !, 
  come on , ireland . 
  everyone * else * is giving a neighboring country . 
  it 's not right that you should hold back . 
   you very well know that `` nato involvement '' is shorthand for nato countries involvement are you talking about the nato members who are also in the eu offering ukraine a trade deal and thus having offered an alternative to the status quo , or are you talking about some sort of theory where the cia or someone actually performed the ukranian revolution , and ukranians were just passively watching everything happening ? 
  there were no shortage of things that needed to happen for that to work , yes . 
  * stalin wiped out the red army 's officer corps . 
  * stalin arranged for political commissars to oversee officers when they [ * did * make decisions ] ( http://www.historylearningsite.co.uk/winter_war_1939.htm ) , which seriously-impeded the ability of those who remained :  the russian army also had another fundamental weakness : its command structure was so rigid that commanders in the field would not make a decision without the approval of a higher officer who usually had to get permission from a political commissar that his tactics were correct . 
  such a set-up created important delays in decision-making . 
  therefore the leviathan that was the russian army , was frequently a slow moving dinosaur hindered by both the geography of finland and its rigidity in terms of decision making . 
  * at the time , for political , educational , and inertia reasons , russia did n't allow its units as much freedom of independent operation , and a strong shift between world war i and ii ( and modern warfare ) was towards smaller units of soldiers operating independently . 
  russia achieved breakthroughs in the winter war that it did not exploit because making the decision to do so took too long . 
  * unrealistic , aggressive timelines were set by top russian military leadership . 
  * what armor tactics worked well and what did n't were not yet well-understood , particularly in terms of combined arms ( how infantry and armor should interact with each other ) . 
  * finland had a conscription program that trained recruits for longer than many of the lightly-trained conscriptees that russia was sending in . 
  * poorly-organized russian logistics led to a lack of fuel and food . 
  * a landscape friendly to travel on foot and unfriendly to tanks . 
  * an extremely cold winter happened to ( mostly , barring some waterways freezing over ) work for the finns : russia expected a quick war and did n't provide sufficient winter gear to their soldiers , whereas the finns were well-equipped with winter gear . 
  * the finns happened to have bet on the new sub-machinegun , which turned out to show a great deal of foresight ; this meant that when russian columns were surprise-attacked , each finn could put out many more bullets in a short period of time than each russian . 
  * the finnish left was not cooperative with the invasion , in contrast to what had been expected by the ussr . 
  * the british and the french had reason to want finland to remain in the war ( they were particularly interested in having a reason to send troops through neutral sweden to seize its iron mines to cut off iron to germany ) and while they did n't actually wind up sending soldiers to support finland ( despite promises that arguably did n't have much chance of being kept ) , stalin was concerned about the possibility of troops being sent . 
  additionally , unofficial volunteers from sweden and other places were beginning to show up , and stalin wanted to avoid the war expanding . 
  * the finns were defending , and were able to cache supplies in advance . 
  * the real enemy in the north was not bullets so much as a lack of supplies . 
  finnish tactics played well with this ( attack and isolate enemies and cut supply lines ) . 
  red army tactics played very poorly with this ( when attacked , concentrate , form a defensible position , wait for sufficient support to come in , and take advantage of strength ... which had the effect of slicing supply lines and not passing supplies on further ) . 
  * the cold was sufficient that tank engines had to be run for a certain amount of time each day to avoid freezing up . 
  this burned through fuel supplies , moving the tanks closer to the point where they were just inert hunks of unfueled metal . 
  this was a major issue for the red army , which already lacked sufficient supply . 
  * at least a substantial chunk of red army men were told that the red army was fighting to liberate the finns . 
  these turned out to have no interest in being liberated ; much like the us in vietnam , this led to some degree of cynicism . 
  * the finns knew that they were n't facing loss of some property or similar , but long-term annexation of their country , given the history of russia and finland . 
  they had a strong incentive to keep fighting . 
  probably no useful search results , either ... 
   the french government then proposes a bill to have coca cola give up their secret recipe . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coca-cola_formula i realize that this is not your point , but for all intents and purposes , you can produce all the coca-cola you want . 
  coca-cola is a marketing phenomenon -- santa claus and polar bears and so forth . 
  just to be clear , you 're not trying to say that there 's any stronger link between google and war other than ( a ) google being incorporated and ( b ) broad concern over influence of corporations on government policy driving war ? 
  we 've got some pretty absurd and harmful-to-our-economy protectionist laws too pushed through by our own special-interest groups : * us honey producers managed to get north-of-200 % tariffs slapped on china-originating honey ; these are still in force . 
  tariffs from less-competitive countries in the area ( like taiwan and south korea ) are far-lower . 
  * the us [ subsidizes domestic sugar production and imposes large tariffs ] ( http://www.economics21.org/commentary/sugar-subsidies-are-bitter-deal-american-consumers ) on imports . 
  * us corn growers managed to get subsidies in the form of corn ethanol mandates ( i.e. 
  jack up gasoline prices and transfer money to corn farmers ) and [ then block imports of ethanol from other countries ] ( http://southwestfarmpress.com/corn-growers-unite-oppose-lifting-import-tariff-ethanol ) . 
  it 'd be nice to see a reset . 
  generally , protectionist laws transfer wealth from other industries and people in a country to the protected industry , and that 's difficult to sell to me : if you 're a company , make a competitive offering or go out of business . 
  do n't go weakening other companies in other industries that * are * competitive . 
   of course the global monopole of this private company is a huge danger for democracy and peace . 
  but mankind has no working defenses against it as of now . 
  ... what are you even talking about ? 
  you 're saying that google is driving war ? 
  google [ published a paper describing its ranking algorithm ] ( http://ilpubs.stanford.edu:8090/422/1/1999-66.pdf ) ( which is really the part that people care about ) back in ' 98 . 
  i mean , you are n't going to get the last 17 years of improvements from that , but if your goal is to just go implement a search engine , that 's the information you want . 
  various seo types have reverse-engineered other characteristics , and it keeps changing . 
  honestly , while i realize that google 's position * does * open it to a potential for abuse , i have a difficult time believing that google is actually doing so . 
  * for one , probably there are a fair number of eyes on the ranking stuff and comparing changes . 
  it 'd be hard for one person to secretly make changes . 
  * if google were taking money from companies to do this , it 'd be hard to keep it secret . 
  * google * already * provides visibility on their page in exchange for money , and has a quite-sophisticated and exceptionally-lucrative scheme to do this -- their ad system . 
  how much value would it provide google to also go mangle the search results ? 
   canada has the largest population outside of ukraine & russia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ukrainian_diaspora#after_1991 kazakhstan might be ahead . 
  that 's also omitting : * the technological advantage that the red army had in its equipment -- vehicles were generally newer and more powerful . 
  * the extreme lack of anti-tank guns that finland had , which was possibly the most-serious supply issue for finland : even on the mannerheim line , tank guns were in limited supply . 
  * the sheer quantity of captured hardware : in [ one battle ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_raate_road ) , finland captured more red army tanks than finland 's entire pre-war stock of tanks . 
  that being said , that did also require luck and awful leadership on the other side . 
  also , the finns were defending their homeland , and if you look at the american civil war or the war of 1812 or , i suspect , many other similar wars -- people defending their homes tend to do a lot better on a man-for-man basis than invaders do . 
   in a final statement , the four ministers expressed `` grave concern at the recent outbreak of fights over the last weekend '' . 
  * grave * concern . 
  i 've wondered whether , in a world where a large chunk of people work in offices rather than physically-hauling things ( and at least in the united states , are typically in an air-conditioned environment on top of that ) , whether the skin 's pores might benefit from a bit more sweating ; historically , humans probably sweated a lot more . 
  a possibly-less-exciting bit from the abstract indicates that the author concluded that there has been price-fixing for a long time and that it 's actually been on a decrease :  ( 3 ) overcharges reached their zenith in 1891-1945 and have trended downward ever since ;, 
   for its part , poland is expanding its strike capability in the baltic sea with plans to procure cruise missiles for three submarines earmarked for purchase by 2023 , and also plans to acquire norwegian-built naval strike missiles . 
  i do n't really understand the purpose of submarines in poland 's navy . 
  as i understand it , submarines have four real roles in the us navy : * to provide an unknown , mobile location ( unless someone can use hydrophones or other clever gizmos to identify their location ) for nuclear icbms to be launched from . 
  poland does n't have nuclear icbms , so this presumably is n't a concern . 
  * to pick off high-value targets in surface military fleets ( today , the aircraft carrier ) . 
  poland is unlikely to face significant numbers of aircraft carriers ; its big concerns are from the land ( okay , maybe it 's got longer-term plans overseas , but i 'd think that it 'd want to ensure the ability to defend itself first ) . 
  * to pick off merchant shipping to maintain a blockade in an environment where air superiority does n't exist . 
  i do n't know if this is still how this sort of thing would be done ( long-range surface-to-surface missiles plus satellite surveillance might be cheaper , safer , and more-reliable ) , but certainly it was done in world war ii . 
  poland is probably unlikely to be doing this at least for its primary military concerns ( maybe one day it wants to be going after islands or something blockadable ... ) * to provide a platform for special operations : wiretapping underseas cables , dropping people off on shores where they probably are n't supposed to be , and so forth . 
  poland might want to do that , i suppose . 
  what i do n't get is why poland would n't prefer presumably-cheaper surface vessels to submarines . 
   without fuel ? 
  is this a real thing ( like , their fuel budget was removed ) , or is this just intended to represent underfunding in general ? 
  i recall reading about this in a number of other countries in east asia as well . 
  there , i thought that it kind of made sense : an american restaurant had some more status attached to it relative to the place that you 'd grab a quick meal locally ( and was expensive relative to domestic restaurants ) , so it made more sense to target a more-upscale image , even if you 're serving a lot of the same food . 
  same franchise , yes , but they are n't just mechanically-reproducing the same thing country-by-country . 
  i was n't aware that the rebranding happened in europe as well , though .
