  fair enough , but what 's the per-capita rate ? 
  i 'd think that that would be the number of interest : the overall percentage would predominantly be determined simply by who lives in finland . 
   i am not sure that it will end without a big war , as russia can not tolerate this sore on its borders forever . 
  russia * could * resolve that conflict and the sanctions very quickly at any time by simply leaving southern and eastern ukraine . 
   debt does not vanish just because you default . 
  the * creditors * wo n't wipe it off the slate as long as they 've the hope of being paid back or plan to apply pressure to get it . 
  that does n't mean that greece plans to pay that debt back or will necessarily do so . 
  if i unilaterally say `` i consider my debts zeroed '' , no negotiation involved , your books might say that i still have a debt . 
  maybe you could pressure me to pay : `` i will block trade with you unless you pay up ! '', 
  but there 's nothing that * exists * in the absence of two-way negotiations that would cause debt to be meaningful . 
  will it make new debt higher than it would be at market rates ? 
  if greece says `` any new debt we take out will not have any existing debt recognized as senior to it '' , will lenders care ? 
  that 's the sort of thing that would matter . 
  how would the court have authority to describe what would happen ? 
  it 's sovereign powers engaged in political negotiations , not a matter of law . 
  it 's not as if it would be a judge 's ruling that would be significant in the future . 
  it 's like asking a court how nuclear arms treaty reductions would go ten years down the road . 
  looks like i 'm buying [ additional shipments of latvian sprats ] ( http://www.amazon.com/sprats-smoked-gold-star-vegetable/dp/b00g3ms0n8/ ) . 
   instead they were trying to cause controversy through stupid tricks equivalent to excessive jump scares in horror films well , okay , there are two issues . 
  the issue that makes me happy with the movement in general is that a lot of people , including myself , are unhappy with the prospect of a creeping blasphemy restriction . 
  it is not * illegal * to show the charlie hebdo cartoons , but a number of media outlets in the uk avoided doing so to avoid trouble . 
  that sort of thing is precisely what terrorism attempts to accomplish : to establish facts on the ground because people are worried about being attacked . 
  the sa in pre-nazi germany physically going after political opponents would be another example : you do n't want to permit * de-facto * rules to be set because everyone is physically-afraid to do something legal . 
  if you can not protect an individual speaker -- and that is hard to do -- one way to address it is to have * everyone * massively violating blasphemy expectations . 
  there 's a secondary concern in that there are people who have their own political reasons for wanting to stir up shit -- they 'd specifically like conflict with muslims . 
  that 's probably what you do n't like . 
  the thing is , i feel very strongly about freedom of speech , and particularly political freedom of speech . 
  so i 'm both interested in supporting freedom of speech * and * in supporting the above avoiding-personal-fear-in-establishing-anti-blasphemy . 
  i 'm happy to say that i disagree with someone 's political opinion , but i 'm very hesitant to criticize the mere fact that it 's being expressed . 
  is the kkk a bunch of assholes ? 
  i probably would n't get along with a lot of people in the organization , but i 'd object strenuously to someone trying to block a rally of theirs . 
  same reason that i 'd object to someone trying to block the black panthers from their rifle-holding protest on the capitol . 
  if you 're in search of flagellation , / r/europe is presently a bad place for it , but you can try / r/russia . 
  i 'm pretty sure that it 's less english being easy to learn and more the uk colonizing a big chunk of the world way back when . 
  i 'm not objecting to the image ; i have no problem at all with it being created , and i approve of the broad concept of explicitly violating religious strictures to help ensure a social norm of being able to do so . 
  it 's just that it does n't make sense to me -- the whole * point * of the mohammed image business is to do something that exercises the ability to speak freely , even if the speech is blasphemous . 
  but the image is n't any more-blasphemous for having manson in it . 
  heck , i do n't even think that many people in the us would recognize manson 's face any more ( i certainly did n't ) , much less in the netherlands . 
  ehhhhh ...  he asked young people in narva who their leader was . 
  their answer ? 
  vladimir putin . 
  i 'm not claiming that it will have any particular results , but go and conduct a real poll of the population of narva and get back to me . 
  you can probably find two young people anywhere in the world who will say darn near anything . 
  i do n't even get the * point * of the image . 
  i mean , okay , islam does n't want visual portrayals of humans , much less mohammed . 
  great , i can understand some people being irked about that ( though if you live pretty much anywhere in europe , you gave up on the former ) . 
  but how is charles manson in particular offensive as regards mohammed ? 
  he 's an unsavory character , okay , but there 's no special religious prohibition that this would cross . 
   uber is bad because they do n't pay taxes to our governments ( which need it for the welfare state most of us want ) there 's no reason that a tax has to come from people who want to ride in a taxi , though . 
  you can gather taxes from any source you want , and in fact , if you want to redistribute wealth because you 're unhappy about the wealthy having gobs of money , a taxi tax is n't even a progressive tax . 
   and because drivers earn very , very little money . 
  < shrug  nobody will pay me much to play video games and eat ice cream all day . 
  it might well be that there just is n't a lack of people who can and will operate a vehicle to move someone from point a to point b. 
  the way the labor market reallocates people is by making that particular job not pay as much as some other job that * is * scarce in supply . 
  i 'm kinda split on this . 
  it 's clear that uber , broadly-speaking , operates via ignoring law blocking people from competing with cab drivers , who often have extraordinarily-expensive licenses . 
  on the other hand , it 's also pretty clear that that law existed across countries primarily as a result of various unions and businesses rent-seeking from their local populace , and that uber * is * working well ; it 's shown that the rationale for the laws is not a legitimate one . 
  so , from an economic standpoint , i very much like what uber is doing , but i 'd really prefer that it was done legally rather than via just ignoring the law . 
  if you just ignore the law and someone feels that the law is refusing to address their concerns , they fall back to violence . 
  i wish that the cities involved would simply terminate licensing of taxi drivers and make the whole thing legal . 
  i 'm pretty sure that that is the first french comment that i 've ever seen on / r/europe asking people to buy their planes . 
   it 's more structural than `` i do n't like it '' especially as greece has a large percentage of the population with mortgages . 
  denominated in what currency ? 
   they have a nuclear trigger they 're not fully in control of - which is voiding the euro in their state . 
  i 'm afraid i do n't understand . 
  what would this involve ? 
  would n't you say that * after * imposing capital controls ? 
  this is long on anecdote , weak on statistics . 
  give me some numbers to let me know what kind of impact we 're talking about . 
  okay , for starters , how exactly do you propose to determine whether someone is a muslim or not ? 
  since approval polling started , which is an important caveat . 
  that was n't happening for most of us history . 
   there is no such thing as a limited tactical nuclear strike . 
  tactical nukes are nice for hitting tactical targets and armies during a full nuclear exchange or after , but noone sane thinks they can as one side sling 2 nukes and have the other side back down `` because casualties '' . 
  it 's not * impossible * . 
  it 's just unlikely . 
  back in the aftermath of world war ii , when the us mostly pulled out of western europe , the remaining us army and the uk and the other countries had no hope of holding off a potential invasion from the then-heavily-militarized soviet union . 
  in order to provide a deterrent , us nuclear doctrine included use of nuclear weapons if the soviet union engaged in a conventional invasion of western europe -- there was n't a way to win a conventional war otherwise . 
  today , the image is reversed : russia could not win a conventional war with nato , so it has stated that in the event of a conventional war with nato that it is losing , it may engage in [ `` nuclear de-escalation '' ] ( http://thebulletin.org/why-russia-calls-limited-nuclear-strike-de-escalation ) -- that is , limited use of nuclear weapons to make the damage too great for the other side to continue the war . 
  this is relying upon the bet that the other side will * not * perform an all-out nuclear attack in response to use of a limited nuclear attack . 
  the us , on the other hand , does n't recognize a concept of `` limited '' nuclear use -- it treats a nuclear attack as a red line , which permits an all-out counter attack . 
  so the concern would be that russia and nato somehow get into a conventional war . 
  russia starts losing and tries its `` nuclear de-escalation '' process . 
  this proves to be a losing gamble : the us sees nato military being nuked and responds in a way compatible with its own nuclear doctrine : with an all-out attack , hoping that russia ca n't manage to get off a substantial second strike . 
  this is also a bad gamble , and russia attacks with its remaining arsenal . 
  i think that it 's dubious that the countries would reach that point , but it 's compatible with nuclear doctrine on each side . 
  i * had * managed to get that out of my head . 
  had . 
  i listened to a lecture series on abraham lincoln 's rehetoric . 
  one dramatic difference between that time period and now was that there was no audio recording , and opposed or allied newspapers tended to report the person saying whatever they felt like . 
  this meant that it was totally reasonable to travel to location a and make one promise , and travel to location b and make a different promise . 
  some of lincoln 's speech-giving time was spent arguing that he was n't doing that and some of the time spent arguing that his opponents were doing that . 
  not so much an issue that comes up today , where someone can have a video clip of them three years ago making an incompatible promise to another group . 
   russia is seriously unhinged . 
  i 'm not sure what that would mean for a country . 
  russia wants to discourage finland from joining nato . 
  they 're going to make vague threats . 
  those threats are no stronger than `` if there 's a war , it might make you more of a target '' , which is actually a pretty weak statement and i think is pretty obvious -- if there 's a war , the other side in a military alliance is at clear risk of being attacked . 
  it is * not * anywhere threatening what i think is a much-more-realistic concern than russia attacking nato , which is russia potentially trying to pull a ukraine in finland . 
  i 'd also point out that even the threat is of somewhat limited concern .
