  i 'd think that there 's at least plausible reason for the us to put money on the table in greece 's case , but not do so in puerto rico 's case . 
  no idea whether that will happen , though . 
  i do think that `` finance officials speaking with european finance officials '' is more-plausibly indicative of something meaningful happening than `` press release with obama saying something vague and that he 's going to call europe '' , though . 
  obama is n't going to announce a phone call and then personally go wrap up the details : he 's not a specialist . 
  if a lot of us finance officials were spending time in europe or calling europe , that would be more in line with what i 'd think would happen if the us might become involved . 
  i agree that georgia and ukraine are definitely worse-off . 
  though i 'd think that the world war ii partial annexation of finland and attempt to fully-annex finland would do something to reset the timer . 
  it 's just that we 've heard a lot about the threat to estonia , latvia , and lithuania . 
  i realize that it may be easy for me to just casually dismiss threats , since after all , it 's not * my * border with soldiers across it , but i look at russia and i have a terrifically hard time believing that it would go after the baltics ... whereas i could at least see it going after non-nato members . 
  it presumably did six months ago , though . 
  if that was an accurate assessment from him , and he felt that the creditors could also potentially make that assessment , he probably should have drawn the line for negotiation ending at the point where he could no longer afford to exit -- otherwise , he neutralizes the only real card that he has in his hand and has no ability to make a credible threat . 
  relative to latvia , estonia , and lithuania ? 
  because if russia were to be re-acquiring old imperial land , it simply has a more-viable shot at doing so without a tussle with nato than it does of invading those three , which the article feels are at risk . 
  hmm . 
  is n't the difference between senior and junior credit that senior credit has exactly that guarantee , that it gets first crack at being dealt with if both can not be paid ? 
  what does any of your comment have to do with his comment ? 
  he said `` do n't default on debt '' , not `` do n't take out debt '' . 
  ( i disagree with you that debt is * essential * , but that 's another story ... ), 
  i 'm not following . 
  i 'm saying that russian median household income is $ 11,724 . 
  the unattainable goal is $ 17,700 . 
  that means that only 20 % of russians believe that it is possible to have a net worth of a year-and-a-half of income over their lifetimes . 
  in 2013 , median household income for the us was $ 52,250 . 
  do you think that only 20 % of people in the us could imagine a non-criminal having a net worth of about $ 80k ? 
  the [ median new home sales price in the us ] ( https://www.census.gov/const/uspriceann.pdf ) as of 2010 was $ 222k . 
  that would mean believing that any person who paid off a * third * of his house 's value , much less someone who fully-owned his house , was a criminal . 
  does n't that sound implausible to you ? 
  here , another [ russia-specific tidbit ] ( http://opec.ru/en/1758772.html ) :  property ownership makes most russians -- even those without bank accounts -- actual millionaires . 
  the median value of a russian family 's primary residence stands at 1.6 million rubles , which is 4.7 times lower than the european median ( 180,300 euro , or 7,752,900 rubles ) and 3.3 times less than the u.s. median ( 170,000 dollars , or 5,440,000 rubles ) , except for residents of moscow and st. petersburg , where the average family residence costs 7.4 million rubles . 
    in russia , 32.3 % of the households own a second property in addition to their residence -- compared to 23.1 % of the european households . 
  however , additional property rarely brings extra income , since only 5 % of the families lease their property out , while most use it as a summer house ( dacha ) . 
  how is it possible to reconcile those views on wealth ( 1m rubles seems unattainable to non-criminals ) with reality ( the median russian family has 1.6 m rubles in one piece of real estate alone ) ? 
  edit : well , median russian * house-owning * family , to be precise . 
  edit2 : i also should have used median us house price rather than median * new * house price above , but i think that it still pretty much captures the point ; existing homes were ~ $ 190k rather than $ 222k . 
  today usury is n't synonymous with charging interest . 
  that 's not what it was held to mean for many hundreds of years by the church , though : the church `` re-interpreted '' its positions to permit interest to be charged . 
  islam still uses the old position , which is why islam has the odd restrictions on moneylending ( and led to some islamic funds not doing bizarrely-well during the financial crisis , which hit some areas hard that were prohibited to muslims ) . 
  part of the reason that jews entered finance in europe historically was because christians were n't permitted to do so . 
  check out [ wikipedia : usury ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/usury ) :  historically in christian societies , and in many islamic societies today , simply charging any interest at all can be considered usury . 
  according to [ this page ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/166211/worldwide-median-household-income-000.aspx ) , somewhere between 2006-2012 , russian median annual household income was $ 11,724 , and median per-capita income $ 4,129 . 
  i have a difficult time believing that russians feel this way . 
  perhaps the question is confusingly-described in the article , and they were asked whether they , * personally * could do so . 
  that 's a lot of business founders to all call corrupt . 
   `` russia 's participation in the international agreement does not signify rejection of state sovereignty , '' said the ruling by constitutional court chairman valery zorkin . 
  i think that would mean that it limits sovereignty to either ( a ) withdrawing from the treaty or ( b ) violating the treaty , the same as with any treaty . 
  if elements of a treaty could simply be ignored by a law without treaty violation , few treaties would be meaningful . 
  i 'd still place finland and/or more of georgia and ukraine as being much , much more likely to be attacked than i would estonia , latvia , or lithuania . 
  let 's assume that russia truly wants to retake the baltics . 
  to do that and come out on top , they need to assume one of the following things to be true : * other nato members will simply ignore this . 
  this seems like an exceedingly-unlikely scenario , though at least it would be an acceptable outcome for russia . 
  * other nato members will engage in conventional war with russia , but lose . 
  this seems absurd . 
  russia 's conventional capabilities are nowhere near those of the sum of nato 's . 
  * other nato members will be warded off via credible threat of nuclear use ( perhaps involving limited nuclear use ) . 
  this is an extremely large gamble . 
  even if it does n't result in assassinations , political subversion , * severe * economic isolation , or many , many other unpleasant things , it is ensuring that a lot of the rest of the economic and military power in the world is now actively-seeking to cause your collapse . 
  it seems inconceivable that possession of the baltic states would make up for the costs that would certainly be attached . 
  * russia can successfully prosecute an offensive nuclear war and win . 
  first , this is an extremely-difficult prospect : it would involve identifying and hitting all of the us nuclear capacity , including submarines , simultaneously , as well as a bunch of europe . 
  even if carried off successfully , this would devastate the global economy and turn russia into a likely source of threat for the result of the world . 
  it seems unlikely that russia would `` win '' even in the traditional sense of the word , and even if it did , it seems unlikely that russia would truly be better-off . 
  every outcome seems to me to be extremely risky or to have costs that simply make russia lose out on the net . 
  now , okay , perhaps there are other explanations : a madman becomes leader of russia and decides to attack , whatever the costs , or something like that , but that 's * always * a risk , and does n't seem to have much to do with the baltics in particular . 
  i find russia 's `` it 's just a populist politician being an idiot '' explanation to be quite a bit more-compelling than one of the above explanations . 
  i realize that the costs are high and that it 's easier for me to brush it off than for someone living in the baltics , but i can not see a way in which russia could rationally think attacking the baltics would be in its interest . 
   americans keep being baffled about the fact that a lot of european citizens like this ` right to be forgotten ' . 
  really ? 
  i do n't have a hard time understanding it . 
  and if you want to pass a law , go for it . 
  i 'm not very happy with the status quo as regards privacy on the internet ( or , even more-so , on cell networks , where things are absolutely abysmal ) . 
  i do think that it will be * extremely * difficult to enforce , because it is terrifically-easy to store data in many places ( backups , past data-mining , sold information , duplication of databases , logs , caches , decentralized storage/storage services , backups that they have , etc ) . 
  i have a hard time checking for this sort of thing on systems that i work on and build : you ca n't just hire some guy , hand him a three-ring binder of procedures and call him an inspector . 
  hippa implementations that i 've seen have left me somewhat-underwhelmed ... 
  in my opinion , the very best way to go about this is to draw the line on the * client * side . 
  your web browser would never permit unique information to leak , your phone never let apps do so . 
  the problem is that while a typical browser kinda-sorta approximates this , and browsers were designed to kinda-sorta do this , a lot of people sat down and attacked every possible hole to try and figure out ways to track people and analyze their activity and build profiles on them . 
  sometime , look at a typical modern website : you 've got everything from google analytics to twenty other services all trying to figure out what exactly you 're up to and profile you , and the site you 're using is n't particularly concerned about what it 's leaking information-wise . 
  you 've got persistent cookies ; attempts to stop those were circumvented with flash shared objects . 
  solve that , and you can go do other unpleasant things ( e.g. 
  visit unique pages , use css to cause the style of links to be measurably different , query the appearance via javascript , and thus make use of browser history to store unique identifiers ) , and on and on , and on . 
  [ browsers give up a lot of unique information on every request anyway ] ( https://panopticlick.eff.org/ ) . 
  i run an * extremely * paranoid setup : i almost always avoid using a cell phone , i purchase that cell phone with cash and without any connection to my address , do n't regularly carry it and when i do carry it mostly have it off . 
  i do n't use google , i block advertisements , wipe flash shared objects , disable scripts , do n't provide accurate personal information , use services that generate false-but-verifiable contact , credit card , and so forth information ... the point is , it 's all way more than joe smith is able or willing to do . 
  furthermore , it 's only the fact that joe smith * is n't * doing this that makes it viable , since if he was , you 'd have people out trying to figure out how to data-mine more information . 
  and even with * that * kind of setup , there are still numerous attacks that could be performed to identify and track me . 
  i do n't even specialize in that kind of tracking , and i can rattle off far too many ways in which companies could reasonably track me and profile me . 
  now , if europe can propose a * working * solution , i 'd be delighted . 
  the eff has done a hell of a lot of work on trying to create limited technical solutions where possible . 
  the snowden affair has driven at least a bit of market interest in privacy . 
  but we 're a terribly long ways from getting auntie may to not having a bit fat profile owned by a number of companies associated with her profile . 
  and while legislation * sounds * nice , it 's not an all-seeing , all-powerful oracle . 
  you go out and guarantee this right , now you get a lot of companies moving to , say , indonesia or russia . 
  how well can you verify compliance and enforce that compliance now ? 
  what if a company just outsources all of its dubious activities , as a lot of companies did with spam ? 
  if `` userinsight.com '' , which has some javascript on your page , actually complying ? 
  is there liability for you if the do n't ? 
  if not , it 's easy for there to be * one * fly-by-night country in indonesia , and if so , any company that uses some external service runs liability risk . 
  but much as i 'd love a solution , i do n't see adding regulatory requirements as being an effective way to go about doing this : it adds red tape to starting up a dot-com , and it 's just got too many holes . 
  you want to improve privacy , my best suggestion would be authorizing strong end-to-end encryption for cell phones ( at the cost of your own governments not being able to look inside ) and email and promoting use there . 
  that 's viable and just needs a certain established base and more ease-of-use .
