  while i do think that a concerted effort could be made to make law more-streamlined -- for common-enough boilerplate work , it makes no sense to involve a human each time -- a lot of structures in law exist to speed up and avoid unnecessary legal time , including some , like obtaining [ standing ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/standing_%28law%29 ) , that seem a bit odd and frustrating to someone looking at them for the first time . 
  it also seems rather important , when making deals that involve vast amounts of wealth and human labor , like the production and sales of large-body aircraft , to very-finely define the details involved . 
  if a ship is lost at sea , who becomes liable for the loss of the cargo ? 
  that 's not a pointless triviality that can be ignored . 
   if someone had designed a work regime perfectly suited to maintaining the power of finance capital , it 's hard to see how they could have done a better job . 
  real , productive workers are relentlessly squeezed and exploited . 
  if someone had designed a work regime perfectly-suited to increasing the power of capital , there would be no purpose to distinguishing between the two sorts of labor that mr. graeber defines , his `` real , productive '' workers , and his jobs `` of no value '' -- the necessity of * any * of these being involved in the transformation of capital into more capital would be objectionable . 
  ** summary ** here 's my overall take . 
  the article more-or-less speaks positively of manufacturing and criticizes white-collar work and the existence of capital . 
  this is a not-uncommon complaint from the left in the us . 
  a lot of wealth went to the assembly-line worker in the us for much of the 20th century : the industrial era factory was still changing society . 
  for such jobs , little education was required , and merely a willingness to perform specified , repetitive tasks over-and-over . 
  the increased productivity that factories permitted for caused a relative increase in wealth for the workers who were now performing assembly-line labor . 
  then , as china and other asian nations industrialized ( and europe rebuilt herself from war and became again a major factor ) , competition for blue-collar jobs from overseas became more intense : as manufacturing grew in china and the blue-collar factory job brought people off farms , demand for the same tasks to be performed by more-expensive american assembly-line labor fell off , and benefits , wages , and ease of employment for these jobs also fell off . 
  complaining about the `` death '' of manufacturing and of globalization of trade is thus something that sells well in the united states to the crowd that was relatively-disadvantaged by this . 
  i 'm less-familiar with europe , but my understanding is that manufacturing saw a similar decline in the 1980s in the uk . 
  were one to go to china , i expect that claims of the death of manufacturing would meet with a raised eyebrow : there manufacturing is expanding , and lifting people from poverty . 
  i think that that 's the driving factor for writing the article . 
  i think that the article rests heavily upon simply asserting that huge swaths of non-blue-collar jobs are unnecessary and would ideally vanish tomorrow . 
  i do n't think that that assertion holds up very well , and i do n't really even feel that mr. graeber has tried to seriously-investigate that ; his main data point is an anecdote from one person complaining about their job . 
  he could precisely-define the set of jobs that he feels are unnecessary and then look at different countries with different levels of these jobs and compare their output ; one would expect `` useless jobs '' and output to be negatively-correlated , if he is correct that these are all useless , fluff , and overhead . 
  but i do n't truly think that mr. graeber is aiming to do that -- i think that he wants something that will touch the heartstrings , not to try to rigorously argue for the truth of his position . 
  that article has been floating around for a while . 
  i 've read it before , and i have n't been blown-away by it . 
  david graeber is a rather leftist fellow , as i understand it . 
  also , that background and font is horrific . 
  having disabled css on the page , let us forge ahead :  in the year 1930 , john maynard keynes predicted that technology would have advanced sufficiently by century 's end that countries like great britain or the united states would achieve a 15-hour work week . 
  there 's every reason to believe he was right . 
  in technological terms , we are quite capable of this . 
  keynes was expecting that people would prefer leisure to luxury , that people would prefer to have life with a 1920s standard of living and a lot of time off . 
  it turns out that that is n't actually the case . 
  [ homeownership rose ] ( https://www.census.gov/hhes/www/housing/census/historic/owner.html ) . 
  [ house size dramatically increased ] ( http://www.100khouse.com/2008/10/20/so-many-square-feet-so-few-people/ ) . 
  car ownership rose dramatically ; in 1930-1934 , [ 2 % of american households had more than one car , and food consumed a third of one 's income ] ( http://oldurbanist.blogspot.com/2013/02/was-rise-of-car-ownership-responsible.html ) . 
  having only a couple sets of clothes was the norm . 
  video games did n't exist , listening to performed music was a luxury , long-distance voice communications did n't exist ( and even printed communication was an expensive luxury -- sending [ ten words between chicago and new york city ] ( http://www.retro-gram.com/telegramhistory.html ) cost the equivalent of $ 7 today , and few indeed would be able to send comments like this one to many people around the world ) . 
  out-of-season food did n't exist , air conditioning did n't exist ( well , i understand that it 's still uncommon in europe , but spreading ) . 
  home refrigerators were just starting to move in and freezers unavailable . 
  movies existed , but you would n't watch them at home . 
  rural areas in the us tended to not have electricity ( and a lot more people had to live in rural areas ) . 
  if you wanted to live by the above constraints , sure , i suppose that you could probably work even less than fifteen hours a week today . 
  it 's just that ... that 's not what the bulk of society chose to do . 
   huge swathes of people , in europe and north america in particular , spend their entire working lives performing tasks they secretly believe do not really need to be performed . 
  the moral and spiritual damage that comes from this situation is profound . 
  it is a scar across our collective soul . 
  yet virtually no one talks about it . 
  well , few jobs * need * to be performed in the extreme sense that humanity would collapse without them . 
  the world functioned in an era without garbage men and software production , without surgery and without dams , without safety inspections and without automobiles . 
   why did keynes ' promised utopia -- still being eagerly awaited in the ` 60s -- never materialise ? 
  the standard line today is that he did n't figure in the massive increase in consumerism . 
  i agree with that line . 
   this presents a nice morality tale , not really . 
  i 'm not * blaming * people or calling them immoral for wanting higher standards of living . 
   but even a moment 's reflection shows it ca n't really be true . 
  yes , we have witnessed the creation of an endless variety of new jobs and industries since the ` 20s , but very few have anything to do with the production and distribution of sushi , iphones , or fancy sneakers . 
    so what are these new jobs , precisely ? 
  a recent report comparing employment in the us between 1910 and 2000 gives us a clear picture ( and i note , one pretty much exactly echoed in the uk ) . 
  over the course of the last century , the number of workers employed as domestic servants , in industry , and in the farm sector has collapsed dramatically . 
  at the same time , `` professional , managerial , clerical , sales , and service workers '' tripled , growing `` from one-quarter to three-quarters of total employment . '' in other words , productive jobs have , just as predicted , been largely automated away ( even if you count industrial workers globally , including the toiling masses in india and china , such workers are still not nearly so large a percentage of the world population as they used to be ) . 
  err ... i guess that mr. graeber is viewing anything other than physical labor involved with manufacturing or distribution of goods as unnecessary to society ? 
  iphones do n't suddenly show up because person a puts two pieces of plastic together ( [ though that is still part of the process in china ] ( http://www.imore.com/rare-iphone-4s-assembly-line-foxconns-zhengzhou-factory ) ) . 
  a lot of someones wrote a lot of software that ran on the thing . 
  other people designed the physical look and interface of the thing -- apple 's famous for merging computers and consumer electronics . 
  there 's a lot of automated production in chemical industries to produce the substances and components that go into one , and people performing qa work across-the-board . 
  those people are in `` professional , managerial ... and service '' fields , but you would n't have an iphone without them . 
  and i 'm not sure how well distribution would function without the workers in `` sales '' that he 's upset about . 
   but rather than allowing a massive reduction of working hours to free the world 's population to pursue their own projects , pleasures , visions , and ideas , we have seen the ballooning not even so much of the `` service '' sector as of the administrative sector , up to and including the creation of whole new industries like financial services or telemarketing , or the unprecedented expansion of sectors like corporate law , academic and health administration , human resources , and public relations . 
  outside of the growth of the state and taxation ( which probably would n't hit someone living at that standard of living very hard ) , none of these things are forced upon you , mr. graeber . 
  you may work part time , avoid funding any positions that you dislike . 
   and these numbers do not even reflect on all those people whose job is to provide administrative , technical , or security support for these industries , or for that matter the whole host of ancillary industries ( dog-washers , all-night pizza deliverymen ) that only exist because everyone else is spending so much of their time working in all the other ones . 
    these are what i propose to call `` bullshit jobs . ''   it 's as if someone were out there making up pointless jobs just for the sake of keeping us all working . 
  you are n't going to be able to get hot food at night without spending a lot of time preparing it yourself , traveling somewhere , or having someone deliver it . 
  you are n't going to be able to warehouse goods essential to this process without someone to deter people from running off with these goods . 
  you 're going to have trouble with automation of industry if you 've no technical support to explain why machine x is doing something incorrectly . 
   while corporations may engage in ruthless downsizing , the layoffs and speed-ups invariably fall on that class of people who are actually making , moving , fixing and maintaining things ; through some strange alchemy no one can quite explain , the number of salaried paper-pushers ultimately seems to expand , and more and more employees find themselves , not unlike soviet workers actually , working 40 or even 50 hour weeks on paper , but effectively working 15 hours just as keynes predicted , since the rest of their time is spent organising or attending motivational seminars , updating their facebook profiles or downloading tv box-sets . 
  if mr. graeber feels that the driving factor is a massive increase in organizational inefficiency in businesses , i encourage him to go work at a small company , which will surely outcompete his rotten , bloated behemoths with ease and thus change the world in the way he desires . 
   now , i realise any such argument is going to run into immediate objections : `` who are you to say what jobs are really ` necessary ' ? 
  what 's necessary anyway ? 
  you 're an anthropology professor , what 's the ` need ' for that ? '' ( and indeed a lot of tabloid readers would take the existence of my job as the very definition of wasteful social expenditure . ), 
  and on one level , this is obviously true . 
  there can be no objective measure of social value . 
  no , i 'm going to say that jobs that you 've cast aside with a flick of the wrist are , at least as far as we know , required to have those modern processes working . 
  [ continued in child ], 
  maybe you could provide a source or something ? 
  i 'm not exactly clear on what the concrete claim you 're making is . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_household_income luxembourg is # 1 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_%28ppp%29_per_hour_worked luxembourg is # 2 . 
  well , yeah , then you can say the same thing about race riots in the us , though . 
   it 's really hard to get a grip on what causes these riots . 
  sufficient numbers of people wanting to loot stores in proximity to someone doing something that can act as cover for them looting . 
  could london happen in baltimore ? 
  i was kind of expecting a modern-day [ church committee ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/church_committee ) after snowden , but i guess that only happens if legislators in question get targeted . 
  see , now if / r/yurop was like * this * , it 'd be a lot better . 
  the wikipedia page says that it 's predominately harley-davidsons ( though someone else pointed out that bmws probably also make a showing ) . 
  edit : also , speaking of western cultural influence , they appear to be fans of rock 'n roll :  the club began forming out of a mixture of rock music fans and motorcycle enthusiasts who held then-illegal rock concerts in moscow ( see censorship in the soviet union ) as far back as 1983 ... the club runs multiple rock clubs and arranges many rock concerts in russia . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/night_wolves  in january 2015 , zaldostanov suggested that `` death to faggots '' could be an alternate name for the russian anti-maidan movement . 
  [ 30 ] at a february 2015 `` anti-maidan '' rally in moscow organized by zaldostanov , popular slogans included `` we do n't need western ideology and gay parades ! '' . 
  [ 33 ] https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/patriot_guard_riders  the group was formed in 2005 [ 13 ] to shelter and protect the deceased 's family against protesters from the westboro baptist church , who claim that the deaths of american troops in iraq and afghanistan are divine retribution for american tolerance of homosexuality . 
  pgr members position themselves to physically shield the mourners from the presence of the westboro protesters by blocking the protesters from view with their motorcade , or by having members hold american flags . 
  the group also drowns out the protesters ' chants by singing patriotic songs or by revving motorcycle engines . 
  [ 14 ] [ 15 ] [ 16 ] [ 17 ] probably just as well that there 's an ocean between the two , particularly given that the former group has only 5,000 members and the latter 330,000 .
