  miniscule , patriotic , necessary ) : ? 
  not really applicable . 
  i 've never read much about it in the phillippines ( in fact , i 've heard more about australian [ coastwatchers ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coastwatchers ) than anyone in the us ) , and outside of that , there was n't really much us-run territory that was occupied . 
  broadly-speaking , if i had to differentiate between what i think what was the us view of the war and the views of the rest of the members : * the us sees and saw itself as acting in self-defense and particularly in the defense of others , being fairly-magnanimous in victory , and its role in the war as being a just one ; i think that there 's a certain feeling , at least today , that it was on the moral high ground . 
  probably the brits feel more strongly like that , or , say , canada , but the us is up there . 
  * world war ii made the us a superpower , by seriously-damaging or breaking up many other powerful countries . 
  for many countries , world war ii was * catastrophic * in terms of their standard of living or deaths in their population or damage to industry . 
  i do n't want to say that the war was a * good * time in the us , but it was much less-bad , and the postwar world that the us was looking at was pretty good , as nations went . 
  it became a world culture and arts and technology center far more than it had been not long prior , moved out of its farming past , and enjoyed an immense disparity in wealth with most of the rest of the world . 
  * almost every other member in world war ii ( perhaps with the exception of canada ) would have been more swept along by events : things happened , and they affected their country . 
  even the ussr was more-or-less forced into its actions by germany , and germany had only a few military options open to it . 
  the us had probably the greatest freedom of any participant to make the decisions that it did , shape the global war , adopt policies , and choose and influence factions within other countries . 
  it could have sat out the war , favored the asian conflict , taken territory or given independence , broken up nations , kicked off world war iii , and so forth . 
  if something really bad happened , it was probably a * mistake * made by national decision-makers , not a tragedy forced on the country by the inexorable pressure of outside events . 
  i think that the fact that the outcome was substantially under national control probably influenced public views a great deal . 
  * from the standpoint of the us , there was never any real existential threat . 
  oh , the early losses in the pacific were not good , and there was the risk of the public being unwilling to fight and giving up some overseas land , but a serious threat to the us mainland was not very likely . 
  the us was very unlikely to be broken up or lose half of its land or stop existing , even if the us made poor decisions . 
  poor decisions might fail to influence the shape of the rest of the world or might kill a lot of americans , but the us as a country was not in a fight for survival . 
  most other participants faced the prospect that their country might never exist again , might be annexed as some sort of second-class into a new empire or have their population killed off or sent to some distant part of the world or something like that . 
  i think that it 's a lot easier for people to hate things where there 's a real threat to be afraid of , and that did n't exist for the us , at least at a national level . 
  hmm . 
  http://www.azcentral.com/news/articles/global-immigration-spain-amnesty.html are you including or excluding parties who would support `` regularization '' or `` normalization '' within that definition ? 
  because it 's obviously not illegal after the policy has gone through , but it would make legal and accept something that is presently illegal ( and potential create an incentive for future would-be citizens to give illegal immigration a shot in the hopes of a future round of regularization ) . 
  i doubt that there is a total absence of parties that support regularization . 
   `` now this continent is the richest on this planet and could easily handle this issue , if there would be a political will . '', 
  on a per-capita basis ? 
  that award appears to go to the [ aussies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_wealth_per_adult ) :  list of oecd countries by wealth per adult , 2013   net mean wealth per adult : australia : $ 402,578 mexico and central america are n't going to bring up the us average , and in europe only switzerland comes out above australia in the table ( to be fair , monaco and the like are n't included , but they are n't going to dramatically affect the continental average ) . 
  it 's very likely in putin 's interest to provide asylum to any us intelligence member who requests it . 
   the heads of the pentagon and the nsa want him killed , in fact preferably they want to do it themselves . 
  first , the quotes listed are not from the head of neither organization , and that 's taking the most extreme offhand comments they could find . 
  can you find someone in france who wants to kill the the queen of england who would be willing to make an anonymous statement ? 
  should that be be taken as representative of the population of france as a whole ? 
  i guess having many languages around the eu risks letting journalists impose creative interpretation in their translations . 
   an independent and unapproachable group which is capable of analysing the condition of our public journalism . 
  logicism , analyses , rhetorics and objectivity will be the main focus . 
  you could call them [ `` guardians '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_republic_%28plato%29 ) . 
  i think that you 'd find that most government problems can be trivially-solved by giving an absolutely-competent , absolutely-honest , absolutely-incorruptible man absolute power . 
  i think that finding that man is often a bit harder than it seems and is where the difficulty is hidden . 
  and if you can get such people , why bother with putting them in an oversight group ? 
  just install them as benevolent dictators . 
  thoughout this proposal the term `` independent group '' shows up a lot doing `` monitoring '' . 
  i think that you 're perhaps sneaking in the assumption that you can obtain these people . 
   immigration : complete halt for the comming years . 
  this halt will apply for the entire african continent and arabia . 
  you 're going to need to repeal some treaties to do that . 
   corporations : more restrictions . 
  few people want restrictions for the sake of restrictions . 
  i think that you 're going to want a more-concrete goal . 
   freedom of religion : this law will be removed . 
  the freedom to practice religious believes is already constituted in the freedom of speech and freedom of gathering . 
  as it stands now ` freedom of religion ' is nothing more then ` status special ' to obtain more freedom ( and wealth via subsidations ) than non-religious believes . 
  it means that your state is going to have to fight religion as opposed to coexisting with it . 
  i think that it might be surprising how much friction that will generate . 
   european army : increase spendings . 
  decrease dependence of the usa . 
  coordinate spendings between nationstates . 
  well , the us would like the spending bit . 
  i think that you 're going to have a hard time selling to to ( a ) germany ( which has not shown interest in spending more ) , ( b ) the uk ( which i think would like to keep its plan b in place in case the eu does n't work out ) , ( c ) and reconcile focus of forces , as some eu members care about their overseas possessions and other eu members are interested in minimal spending and other eu members are worried about gradual encroachment by russia ; what you spend on depends on what your concerns are . 
   usa : reshape the relationship . 
  more balance , less depedence , but acknownledge the importance of the usa being europe 's primary ally . 
  we will have to make clear that america , like europe , will have to rid itself of corporate / influence . 
  `` rid itself of corporate / influence ? '', 
  first , why would this be a concern to the eu ? 
  secondly , what 's the scope of what you 're wanting ? 
   ukraine : install abmc 's or patriots on the current border of north-ukraine . 
  russia shall not pass . 
  same protection applies to the baltics , et cetera . 
  ukraine is n't yet in the eu or nato . 
  i assume that it would receive such membership ? 
   destroy is by massive bombingcampaigns . 
  well ... the us has had some pretty epic bombing campaigns in past decades , like in vietnam . 
  they do n't always produce stable , friendly government , even if you drop a whole lot . 
   africa : regain ( military ) influence and control of resources . 
  ensure the survival of africa 's nature . 
  re-establish colonialism ? 
  china -- with its own goals in africa -- might object , a lot of african nations might object , and the us might not be really enthralled with supporting mass colonialism in africa . 
   switzerland : sanction and encircle . 
  they will no longer be a safe haven for criminals ( tax evaders ) their money . 
  demand retrieval of stashed gold . 
  switzerland is already about as encircled as they can get . 
   unfreezing antarctica/artic ocean : attempt split it evenly among russia , na and europe . 
  well ... that 'd be interesting , at any rate . 
  is this at all representative of sweden 's official ( or unofficial ) overall position ? 
  i 'd assume not . 
  i spoke to a stanford professor at dinner a while back about this when we were arguing about the benefits of different introductory programming languages . 
  he said that in the introductory programming classes he taught , he wound up spending less time wasted teaching the language and was able to get directly to the concepts he wanted to teach in python . 
  while i 'm not hugely-enthusiastic about python as an instructional language ( i really prefer statically-typed languages ) , it does stack up well compared to the competition . 
  compared to other languages i 've seen used in school in introduction-to - programming , it stacks up well : * basic : no longer broadly-used in industry outside of visual basic , and that is tied to one platform . 
  * scheme : the lisp family of languages ( and functional programming in general ) never quite caught on in the way that people had hoped earlier . 
  i 've never seen someone taught functional rather than procedural programming from the get-go , so there may be a bias , but i personally think that it is a titch easier for a new programmer to break problems into procedural code than functional code . 
  * c++ : the language , like c , requires knowledge of the underlying guts of the implementation to debug well ; easy debugging is valuable in introductory work . 
  over the years , c++ has become an immense , extremely-complicated language : a preprocessor macro language , heavily-overloaded operators , a complex type system , and so forth . 
  * java : easier than c++ to debug and somewhat-smaller , but still forces someone to deal with a lot of concepts from the get-go that are n't really all that interesting to just learning how to break down a problem . 
  hiding methods from callers is maybe a useful tool if you 're working with a number of other people and are providing explicit guarantees of behavior on interfaces . 
  when someone is trying to just learn how to use a loop to solve a problem , it 's overwhelming . 
  it 's desirable to try to use a somewhat-popular language , so that the language-specific knowledge can be reused , and python is pretty popular . 
  while it was omitted from the submission title , this is specific to * uk * primary schools . 
  this is probably not the case for europe as a whole ; i doubt that if you included countries bordering france , it could possibly be true . 
  i 'd like to know how many famous graffiti artists like banksy are actually a single person -- they seem improbably-prolific , and i 'd increasingly assumed that it was a multiple-person organization working under a brand to keep a sort of counter-culture , independent image .
