  it may bet better or it may get worse . 
  seems like that would be the case every day . 
  zerohedge is not what i 'd call the most-reputable source of financial analysis . 
   it is the very future of the euro itself which is up in the air as a result of a grexit . 
  it seems to me that a remarkable percentage of the topics that come up on / r/europe are claimed to represent the potential destruction of the euro or the eu . 
  that may well be true to significant degree ( though i think that the issue with tax evasion is independent of that ) . 
  but it 's a pretty safe bet that those people also did n't understand the implications of those votes . 
  greeks were n't , two decades back , intentionally voting for the present situation : few would . 
   if yer picking a fight with rome , yer picking a fight with italy and if yer picking a fight with italy yer picking a fight with europe . 
  also nato . 
  it 's not zoophilia . 
  there is some overlap , but it 's really small , something like 3 % of furries ( though i do n't recall whether that was of people who were into the sexual side or not ) also being into zoophilia in one poll that i saw . 
  they 're distinct groups . 
  personally , i wonder whether a factor was the widespread use of anthropomorphized animals in mass-market animation . 
  obviously , they were [ far from the first instance of anthropomorphized animals ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bastet ) ... 
  needs a heat map weighted by population density . 
  otherwise , you get a population density map . 
   ehh , technically they did n't . 
  syriza only came to power after decades of mismanagement , i did n't say that they did it quickly , but they did indeed ultimately kick out the politicians who were running things when the debt crisis was created . 
  besides , i suspect that the average greek voter was n't aware of the issues happening . 
  i 'd have no idea how , as joe citizen , to evaluate how legitimate a government 's finance numbers were or to even think that this was a problem . 
  my understanding as of yesterday was that the referendum was effectively irrelevant at this point . 
  have there been new developments that would make one think that if greece has a referendum in favor of accepting whatever is in the deal , that the troika would indeed be issuing subsidized credit again ? 
   greeks did n't do that though . 
  greeks * did * do that . 
  they booted out the parties who were in power when the problem was created . 
  that 's how syriza got a government in the first place . 
  few properly-qualified sentences do . 
  that 's a remarkable submission history you have , / u/kulkke . 
  well , it was compared to the soviet union . 
  i do n't think that it 's unreasonable to : ( a ) call the west free relative to the soviet union ( b ) describe the us as the predominant player in the west in the cold war, 
  i wonder how many years hence the echoes of this will still be affecting europe . 
  tens , hundreds ? 
   in france , britain , germany , america and nearly every other country in the world it remains government policy to say that any and all attacks carried out in the name of mohammed have ` nothing to do with islam ' . 
  because by-and-large , most people on both sides of the matter are n't particularly interested in a religious fight -- it is n't in anyone 's interests . 
  the only hope that someone who * does * want to convince the masses to fight has is to argue that religion * mandates * a religious war . 
  the appropriate counter is to say that it does n't . 
  if nobody can pay rent ( which seems likely ) , i 'd think that rents would drop -- if you are a landlord , the alternative is not getting anything . 
  that happens * every * time there 's a riot anywhere , not just in the greek financial crisis . 
  i guess it politically makes the eu the bad guy , versus syriza ? 
  that is , it would be possible to say `` well , we * would * have voted for the changes required to stay in , but ... '' outside of the political dimension , beats me . 
  what does austerity have to do with employee rights ? 
  an employer might * lay off * an employee if they ca n't pay them , but they should not just refuse to pay them -- surely that 's not legal ? 
  you have the entire eu to work in , yes ? 
  if i was n't being paid , i certainly would n't keep working for someone . 
  brick [ actually is n't all that great ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/unreinforced_masonry_building ) in earthquakes -- it 's the reinforced concrete that would be interesting . 
  but are * interior * walls made of reinforced concrete , or just exterior ? 
  i do n't see them being deleted . 
  there have been a number of posts . 
  there are probably-more-important things happening , like the greece situation , though , and those are probably going to dominate the week 's news . 
  also , while there * is * some useful discussion , the islam threads ( a ) have a disappointing number of ( presumably anti-immigration ) people downvoting posts that are n't opposed to immigration -- remember reddit etiquette is that you do n't downvote based on agreement -- and ( b ) a lot of it is angry people wanting to rant , but not adding much , and ( c ) there 's the occasional unhelpful person saying something like `` you 're a bunch of disgusting racists '' . 
   i voted for syriza , and i have to say that i 'm angry at tsipras for letting people choose either bankruptcy or poverty . 
  well , you can explain the options , but ... no matter what happens , it is very likely that some people will be very unhappy with the outcome . 
  if you do not vote , it is a policy that has been imposed upon you . 
  if you do vote , well , worst case people know that they will probably be more likely to eat the bad with the good : it was a choice that they made . 
  same idea as , say , * forcing * someone into a job versus letting them choose their profession . 
  democracy is n't only about providing the wisdom of the crowds , but about ensuring that people are invested in whatever happens . 
  i am certain that tsipras has a preference as to what option is taken on the referendum and will probably try to encourage that option insofar as it is possible . 
   you could vote if we were in the usa < confused  a french guy could vote on greece 's financial policy if greece were in the usa , but this is the eu ? 
  is the bottom chart inflation-adjusted ? 
   if someone tries to break into my truck , i can legally shoot them under the castle doctrine . 
  no , and i hope you were n't relying upon that to shoot someone ; if so , you 'll want to clarify texan law . 
  the castle doctrine says that you do n't have to retreat from your house if you 're at threat of your life : you can shoot without an obligation to attempt to retreat even if-possible , then . 
  * i do n't believe that it applies to your truck , just your house . 
  * it 's unrelated to the unusual texas ability to shoot to protect property under certain situations ( which does * not * always just apply to your truck ) . 
  texas is also a castle doctrine state , but that 's unrelated . 
  no , i 'm really not sure what you meant . 
  if i had to guess , and i do n't mean to put words in your mouth , but i 'm having to guess : * one possibility is that you felt that there was a need for an economy to have a lot of inexpensive labor to work * well * , that there 's some way in which it just did n't operate effectively without a supply of inexpensive labor . 
  mark twain , the american author , took a similar position , and advocated for chinese immigration to ensure a supply of inexpensive labor . 
  * another possibility is that you were concerned about the politics of a society in which there is n't a tall sort of pyramid , that maybe labor unions start forming up and that you worry about that sort of thing . 
  * another possibility is that you want some sort of industry or services to be available that requires inexpensive human labor : for example , having housekeepers or gardeners requires something like an india-type setup . 
  what i mean is , do you have any specific expectations , or just that they 'd be likely to be stricter in whatever course they take ? 
  for example , some people in this subreddit have said that they want france to have the army perform policing in calais . 
   [ capitalism ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capitalism ) is an economic system and a mode of production in which trade , industries , and the means of production are largely or entirely privately owned . 
  whether the economy is state-owned-and-operated or privately-owned-and-operated should not require or be incompatible with a supply of cheap labor . 
  that 's unfortunate , because foreign students are the sort of person that you 'd * want * to keep . 
   i 'm pretty capitalist and that requires a good degree of supply of cheap labour i disagree : the presence or absence of cheap labor should be irrelevant to capitalism . 
   multiculturalism on a large scale does n't work . 
  beheadings in london and burning banlieues of paris are only the most visible signs of that . 
  my understanding was that `` multiculturalism '' refers to the practice of trying to retain multiple cultures in a compatible fashion side-by-side rather than integrating them , and that it was a major goal in the uk for some years . 
  was that also a french goal ? 
  what would you expect the french government to do differently , were a different government elected ? 
  looks like [ europe is doing okay ] ( http://media.npr.org/assets/img/2012/08/08/aquifers_archive.jpg ) . 
  california and the great plains in the us are going to run out . 
  australia is n't that bad . 
  land from egypt to india is in for plenty of trouble . 
  most of the southern hemisphere 's aquifers are fine . 
  when life gives you lemons , [ make lemonade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_tourism ) !, 
  well ... judaism did n't have a single founder , but certainly the religion 's growth was affiliated with tribal wars . 
  christianity may not have had some carpenter in the middle east running around leading armies , but it * did * have some pretty significant religion-facilitated bloodbaths in the form of the crusades and other wars with islam and protestant-catholic spats . 
  i 'm not sure who founded the religions that became agglomerated in the roman empire , but the roman emperor had divine status , and he was certainly ordering up wars . 
  ditto for the egyptian pharohs . 
   `` we are all in a state of shock as we did n't expect any attack in our territory , '' said mr binet . 
  i 'd venture to guess that most people do n't expect attacks that happen ; if they did , they probably would n't be permitted to go forward . 
  [ shooting to kill : why police are trained to fire lethal shots ] ( http://www.cleveland.com/metro/index.ssf/2014/12/shooting_to_kill_why_police_ar.html ) :  '' [ an officer ] would n't be justified in shooting unless there is a threat to his life , '' williams said . 
  `` if there 's a threat to his life , he has to take counter measures against that threat . 
  so he 's going to shoot not to stop him -- he 's going to shoot for the kill zone . '', 
  my own summary : first , you can definitely kill someone by shooting them in the legs -- you can cut an artery . 
  second , if you 're firing at someone , shooting a leg is difficult , both in terms of hitting them , and in terms of not hitting something else on them . 
  third , guns ( at least handguns , and by virtue of the relative kinetic energy in anything other than overwhelmingly gargantuan airguns , airguns as well ) generally do n't insta-incapacitate people .
