  it 's also worth noting that iraq requested that us troops leave . 
  even if you felt that it created a vacuum , to have continued to impose an occupation [ would have been against the directly-expressed wishes of the democratically-elected government of iraq ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/u.s.%e2%80%93iraq_status_of_forces_agreement ) . 
   on july 8 , 2008 , grand ayatollah ali al-sistani rejected the proposed agreement on the basis that it violates iraqi sovereignty , following a meeting with iraq national security advisor mowaffak al-rubaie . 
  [ 21 ] rubaie , clarifying remarks by maliki on july 7 that iraq would accept a memorandum of understanding in lieu of a sofa , stated `` we will not accept any memorandum of understanding if it does not give a specific date for a complete withdrawal of foreign troops '' . 
  [ 22 ] deputy speaker khaled al-attiyah also said on july 8 that the iraqi parliament would insist on vetting any agreement with the united states and would likely veto the agreement if american troops were immune from iraqi law : `` without doubt , if the two sides reach an agreement , this is between two countries , and according to the iraqi constitution a national agreement must be agreed by parliament by a majority of two thirds '' . 
  [ 23 ] [ snip ]  on november 16 , 2008 , iraq 's cabinet approved the agreement , which cited the end of 2009 for the pull out of u.s. troops from iraqi cities , and 2011 as the fixed deadline for removal of u.s. military presence in country . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/withdrawal_of_u.s._troops_from_iraq#full_withdrawal_.282011.29  with the collapse of discussions about extending the stay of u.s. troops , [ 34 ] [ 35 ] president obama announced the full withdrawal of troops from iraq , as previously scheduled , on 21 october 2011 . 
  [ 35 ] you might say that the decision to enter iraq was poor , but i think that it is very difficult to place blame for the decision to leave on the us . 
  iraq did not request the us forces stay , but that they leave . 
   people there have lost all sense of purpose why do you say that ? 
   german being banned in churches and newspapers and things like that that was n't until world war i. 
   especially since refugees do n't generally get citizenship and stay forever . 
  that 's not the intent behind a refugee program , but are there past statistics available , or perhaps a reputable analysis of the current situation ? 
  certainly in some cases , that 's not true -- sweden has been granting permanent residency to any syrian who applies , and i ca n't imagine that any syrian would accept a worse deal than that . 
   the eu probably would n't take a liking to spain 's military inside catalonia i do n't understand eu politics well enough to say , but would the eu actually take meaningful action to oppose a member country trying to put down a rebellion ? 
  i do n't buy that . 
  scottish separatists seem to be pushing for another vote . 
  < headscratch  well , strictly-speaking , to not pay taxes without being able to have legislative input into their levying . 
  does catalan have input into spanish taxation ? 
  sizzling does n't have to be effervescent -- i can keep food sizzling on a grill . 
  i 'd guess that probably the kind of animals that would be in a circus are already at the limit of what their habitat will support in the wild given the pressures there ( maybe relieved by culls to keep some populations low enough to avoid conflict with humans ) . 
  so an animal in the circus could be considered to be one that otherwise would be dead . 
  let 's say that it was you , and those were your two options -- would you choose to be dead , or to be a circus animal ? 
   or people claiming that economic migrants will get asylum as soon as they cross the border well , that 's not actually inaccurate if they 're from syria and applying to sweden . 
  if you * wanted * to try to build a degree-based hierarchy , why would you limit it to mods ? 
  wait until next april 1 and coordinate with the existing mods . 
   for using blasphemy in / r/italy . 
  there 's no restriction on blasphemy in this subreddit ( though probably be better not be be rude ) . 
  he kept his cool when everyone was ticked off over ukraine while sporting a russia flair , and that impressed me . 
  if you can do that , i imagine that you 're pretty laid-back in general . 
  i like responses to be split up like that . 
  it lets me know what chunk of the original text they 're responding to , and it 's a long-standing email and usenet convention . 
   zurpher should n't even be allowed to post on this sub under the `` no single issue poster '' rule , let alone moderate it . 
  could you clarify ? 
  i 've been pretty impressed with his comments . 
  hmm . 
  the names i know seem to have written comments with good content in the past . 
  / u/perseus0807 and / u/zurfer75 in particular , as i recall . 
   you guys are germany 's bitch looking for the scraps from their table ... or they 'd just like the eu to work . 
  the author is proposing a covert operation that involves handing out thousands of dollars to many individuals without any leak showing up , and getting everyone a cover story , and you find that plausible ? 
  to say nothing of the claim that the us wants a refugee crisis in the eu ? 
  http://www.holiday-weather.com/calais/averages/january/  [ in january ] the low temperature only reaches an average of 38.3 f ( 3.5 c ) . 
  not going to be frozen . 
  is it primarily germany in favor of this ? 
  i 'd think that italy and greece would be more-concerned . 
  potential \u2260 actual i 'd guess that companies have faced huge theoretical fines before ( some probably unbounded ) . 
   if the commission and the council remain silent , europe would lose `` any remaining credibility as a community of values '' , i n't veld said , adding : `` impunity is the nail in the coffin of the rule of law . '', 
  assuming that he 's correct rather than just engaging in a bit of rhetoric , and if the bar for losing any remaining credibility as a community of values is that low , perhaps it 's worth asking whether that credibility is worthwhile . 
   louis michel , a member of the libe committee , added that the refugees were arriving to europe to escape from bullets , but were now risking their lives facing those of orb\u00e1n . 
  < shrug  your own country is free to volunteer to take them in . 
  that would equally end the situation . 
   how far will we allow orb\u00e1n to plunge his country into this sordid populism and to shame the eu ? 
  ( a ) if you 're ashamed if something that orb\u00e1n is doing , that seems like a psychological issue on your end . 
  you do n't have responsibility for that . 
  ( b ) is it the ep 's role to `` permit '' national leaders to take particular political stances ? 
  that seems like terrific overreach . 
  the us is much more-centralized than the eu , and the federal government would n't think of `` permitting '' state governors to take particular political stances . 
   under article 7 of the lisbon treaty , serious breaches to the values of human dignity , freedom , democracy , equality , the rule of law and respect for human rights by a member state can result in a suspension or loss of voting rights in the eu council of ministers . 
  that sounds abusable as hell . 
  vague criteria , and permits stripping political power temporarily . 
   mr zeman 's post is a ceremonial one , but the czech government has also been talking tough on quotas . 
  its opposition rests on three central objections frequently voiced throughout the region :   * quotas would deprive their countries of the sovereign right to decide their own asylum policies well , that will happen in a federalization scenario , at any rate . 
  i think that there might be a good argument that this is a bad way to push through that change , though . 
  i do n't see this argument as very compelling , though -- it would be possible to agree on a time-limited quota agreement . 
  the 1951 refugee convention is an international treaty that sets immigration policy . 
   * they would encourage more refugees to come i think that this is the most-interesting , because it 's the one that matters for this as a stopgap , short-term solution . 
  if the problem is one of bad incentives producing illegal immigration , this could * potentially * make the problem worse by attempting to address some of its current symptoms . 
   * most critically of all , quotas would not work , because refugees would not stay here fair point . 
  it * does * give germany legal grounds to boot them out of germany if caught working illegally , though , which otherwise germany does not have . 
  and it does n't seem to be compatible with his other concerns about the downsides in that ... let 's say that it does fail . 
  migrants are given refugee status in the czech republic , and then illegally travel to germany and illegally work there . 
  that 's plausible . 
  but now , his illegal immigrant problem is mostly-gone ( other than any money that is sent from the government to even non-resident refugees or later grants of permanent residency/citizenship ) . 
  so ... what 's there to be upset about ? 
  it 's not really substantially-worse than the * status quo * for the czech republic . 
   `` many '' is a media buzzword that people use when they do n't want to give ( or have ) statistics , it gives the impression of a consensus https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/weasel_word if you see an article making extensive use of weasel words , it 's probably ( a ) got an agenda and ( b ) is not to be trusted . 
  his point is that italics are normally used for a foreign language , and by italicizing the english , he 's producing the impression that it is french that is the norm and english that is foreign ; i imagine that many french people feel kind of the same way about english . 
  i also think that it 's kind of annoying , but whatever -- if you can find someone willing to do the same work that / u/dclauzel does and does n't post in two languages , i 'd encourage you to bring them up . 
  in a post like this , if people do n't like it , they wo n't vote it up . 
  does n't require special measures . 
  why ? 
  afaik , their actions would be things addressed in civil court , not criminal court , and against the company , not an individual . 
  there 's no question of jail time , but rather of the company losing money . 
  the company then converts that into its selection of ceo and policies and other workers . 
  not a lot of real content in the article . 
  well , that 's normally always the case when you have a market rate -- the people who * would * have paid less simply do n't get access to the resource in question . 
  it 's not a terribly-controversial statement . 
  i guess you could rule out the possible exceptions , ways in which it would be possible for this * not * to be the case : * if there is zero [ price elasticity of demand ] ( http://www.investopedia.com/terms/p/priceelasticity.asp ) . 
  if this were true , even if i could get cheaper developers , the us software industry would not employ any more . 
  this happens for certain unusual cases -- think of a case where you have a man who has to push a button to keep the world from exploding . 
  you only have one button , and so even if it becomes really cheap to hire more , it does you no good to do so , so you wo n't employ more explodey-button-pushers . 
  that 's not going to be the case here , as it 's pretty obvious that there 's a lot of software and automation that we could think of that just does n't get produced , and bugs in existing software . 
  * if the immigration law does n't actually prevent software developers from coming to the us : that us employers would * like * to employ more , but that even lowering the gates would have overseas developers refusing to come to the us . 
  i doubt that very much -- i know a great many people who have immigrated to work in software development in the us -- but we do n't even need to go that far . 
  if this were the case , then expanding h1-b would have no effect -- no increase in immigration . 
  then i 'd be wrong , but it also could n't be objectionable to increase h1-b , since it would have no effect . 
  * really stretching , it 's possible that software development labor is a [ veblen good ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/veblen_good ) , where a price falling actually decreases demand -- if this were the case , more immigration might actually * reduce * employment and thereby intefere * more * with the production of new products in the us . 
  i suspect that there are almost no cases of this for labor , and where it does show up for products , it 's really only for luxury goods , which software development labor is pretty clearly not -- people do n't choose to get a spreadsheet to establish a status symbol among peers based on its price . 
  that 's ... actually compatible with the 1951 refugee convention requirements . 
  i mean , i have a hard time seeing germany and the other well-to-do countries being enthusiastic about just taking in the uneducated and giving all the educated ones to the poorer eu countries , but it does n't violate the refugee status requirements at all , since the people being redistributed are no longer refugees , but people accepted in a third country .
