  when juncker presided over the eurogroup , there were real concerns about the collapse of the eu 's financial system . 
  of all people , how can he be concerned about the state of european economy * today * ? 
  juncker 's biggest problem right now is people flooding * into * his club because they want in . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's not an issue , but most of the world would like to have his set of problems instead . 
   why ? 
  hitler wanted to move the jews out and the allies did n't accept it . 
  i do n't think that it 's that the nazis [ wanted to exile jews before moving to the final solution as a plan b ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/madagascar_plan ) that 's the point of concern . 
  rather , it 's that netanyahu claimed that a palestinian figure had a deep and primary responsibility for the holocaust -- that that guy in particular sold hitler on the holocaust . 
  i understand that that 's considered by historians to be pretty ahistorical , and trying to repurpose the holocaust to support netanyahu 's modern-day spat over palestine . 
  it 's like if catalonia 's leader said `` the nazis did n't want to kill jews as an institution in preference to exiling them and swiping all their property '' -- fair enough -- '' ... but it was madrid that convinced hitler to do so , and thus we need independence from spain '' . 
  russia is still weak-compared-to-nato from a conventional standpoint , capable of putting up a conventional threat to a few smaller countries , and still powerful from a nuclear standpoint . 
  i do n't think that putin changed much there -- his spending changes are n't going to fundamentally alter that . 
  that may be true , but that alone is also not demonstrating that the polls are widly-disconnected from reality . 
  that being said : * [ captain america and wolverine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dc_vs._marvel ) in a dc co-published work . 
  * [ santa claus ] ( http://dc.wikia.com/wiki/santa_claus ) * afaict , ronald mcdonald has n't shown up directly, 
  i do n't know ... it relies on the incongruity between the cultural roles of the two figures . 
  i 'm not sure that that transfers well across generations . 
  usually if i go back and read a really old political cartoon , that sort of thing needs to be explained to me . 
  it 's not * terribly * similar , but they do both have black helmets , a covered face , and a long garment . 
   i believe there 's a lot more keeping the average person from committing genocide than just jobs and food . 
  hmm . 
   there are only nine meals between mankind and anarchy . 
  -- alfred henry lewis that being said , while i think that his broader point is valid , in that what we think of as civilized behavior relies on a thinner veneer than we think about on a daily basis ... i do n't agree with him on the specifics . 
  that 's three days , and i 've fasted for a week just for the hell of it . 
  human beings , at least if they 've some body fat to live off , can go for quite a while without food -- your body can swap a pound of fat for your caloric needs for a day . 
   numeric caps would not have worked after ww2 , that would have been a catastrophy rivalling the war itself . 
  yes , sorry , you 're right -- i should have said `` when the convention was made permanent in 1967 '' . 
   so add 70-100 % on top of this hmm . 
  where did you get that multiplier from ? 
  [ here 's an article on the us family reunification immigration multiplier ] ( https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3884518/ ) : there 's not enough-information to determine with certainty , but there have been estimates :  jasso and rosenzweig ( 1989 ) claim that an initiating nonfamily immigrant subsequently sponsors between 1.2 and 1.4 additional family members . 
  yu ( 2008 ) estimates that chain migration is as high as 4.2 additional persons per initiating immigrant , of which about half ( 2.1 ) are immediate family members . 
  ... and the us places numeric caps on family reunification : there is a backlog , so this should be a bounding factor on the multiplier . 
   the refugees throw their passports in the water/burn them so there 's no origin country to send them too . 
  i imagine that there 's some process that 's used to determine point of origin , sine the same would apply to other islands in the carribbean . 
   the middle-east refugee population is larger than cuba . 
   there is a war goinbg on . 
  not in turkey , there is n't -- it 's a safe country . 
  numeric caps are n't permitted the 1951 refugee convention , but the us simply does it anyway , and i think that it 's pretty clear that they 're necessary and should have been present in the convention from the beginning . 
  fair-enough -- was n't sure whether you were referring to / u / _ ich _ 's comment that `` migrant supporters will be lucky not to get deported also '' . 
  ah , fair enough . 
   perhaps russia . 
  i do n't think that russia * has * solved anything : in fact , it 's one of the worse-off countries . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/demographics_of_russia  fertility rate : 1.777 children born/woman ( january-september 2015 ) [ snip ]  while the russian birth rate is comparable to that of developed countries , its death rate is much higher , especially among working-age males due to a comparatively high rate of fatalities caused by heart disease and other external causes such as accidents . 
  the russian death rate in 2010 was 14.3 per 1000 citizens . 
  for comparison , the us [ 21 ] death rate in 2009 was 8.4 per 1000 . 
  i do n't think that exiling political opposition is a good way to address political conflicts in a country . 
  certainly democracies would n't last long in such an environment , since it would permit stripping political power from people : you 'd hit a positive feedback loop very quickly , where a group can strip political power from a minority and this process can keep repeating , each time the group in power becoming smaller . 
   immigration only increases social stratification i disagree . 
  that may ( well , okay , almost certainly is ) be the case with the current refugees coming in , but it does not need to be the case for filtered forms of immigration . 
   aj + this is an al jazeera brand -- qatar 's state media . 
  state media reporting on selection of new leadership in another country is probably one of the things that there 's a greater reason to influence . 
   we need to spend lots more on infrastructure , eliminate tuition , and double minimum wage spending more on infrastructure seems like a curious goal . 
  if i wanted more infrastructure spending , it would only be because i wanted , say , a bridge that did n't exist or because i wanted highways with more lanes -- then i 'd just need to accept more spending . 
  i 'd have some goal in mind . 
  i would n't just have more government infrastructure spending for the sake of more government infrastructure spending . 
  eliminating tuition ... subsidizing tuition might make sense to the extent that there may be positive externalities to that education . 
  however , it seems strange that the subsidy should be set specifically at 100 % -- that seems like an arbitrary value that likely does n't have much connection to any positive externalities associated with education . 
  education in most fields ( iirc this is not the case for a few fields , like theology ) already provides an individual with a positive roi , so it is n't as if there are no existing factors : you will be already among the better-off chunk of society in life . 
  furthermore , education consumes resources -- we need to pull people off , say , materials science and move them to teaching something -- and if we 're going to do that , i 'd like to express the opportunity cost as well . 
  if someone says `` oh , yeah , i think i 'll take three years of underwater basket-weaving classes '' , they 're using society 's resources , and i do n't want to make that invisible to them . 
  for doubling the minimum wage : i am not enthusiastic about the minimum wage , in general . 
  my take is that there 's only really two reasons to use minimum wage . 
  first , if people are n't making a rational/informed decision in seeking out higher wages , even though those jobs are present : they simply ca n't be bothered to move to a higher-paying job next block over . 
  by cutting out jobs where they 're tied up doing little of value , we move them to where they 're more-needed . 
  i doubt that this is a significant problem . 
  second , if we want to subsidize the poor , we can do so to the extent for jobs that have low [ price elasticity of demand ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/price_elasticity_of_demand ) -- we forcibly increase the price of the labor , and people continue to purchase that labor at the new , higher price -- this transfers wealth from the consumers to the workers . 
  this seems like a really strange heuristic to use for subsidizing the poor -- why do we specifically want to subsidize people with jobs that have inelastic demand ? 
  as a side-effect , we unemploy people in jobs that have elastic demand , which sucks for them . 
  we move compensation away from non-wage forms and into wages forms -- e.g. 
  even if a worker gets more utility from a non-wage benefit , like having flexibility in their working time , we force their compensation to show up as wages , even if it does n't provide the most utility to them . 
  if we wanted to subsidize the poor , why would n't we simply tilt the tax system further in their favor or provide more direct cash transfers than is currently the case ? 
   i do n't think that you can go from being a business owner to being a political candidate in sweden first , i do n't understand why someone would object to moving from industry to government -- normally , if there 's any concern i hear is the idea of an unofficial bargain being made to influence people in government by offering them a position in industry after they leave government . 
  i 'm doubtful that that is a terribly-effective way to restrict regulatory capture , but even if it * is * , it 's still dealing with movement in the opposite direction . 
  second , i 'd be curious whether this restriction is a real thing , which the video does n't say -- it seems both strange and limited in scope , since most governmental positions are n't elected . 
   you get paid nothing [ in the united states ] to make your life go around . 
  [ annual median equivalence disposable household income for the sweden is $ 27,167 , and for the us , $ 30,616 . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/median_household_income#oecd_statistics ), 
  i 've said this before and i 'll say it again -- this format of statement is one of the worst that he could make as regards being a pull factor . 
  you do n't want to give the impression that some cutoff is coming without any hard information about when it will happen . 
  he has not set a hard deadline , and said `` we will accept people up until october 27 '' , say . 
  all he did was say that `` we will close up at some point '' . 
  so now , no migrant can actually know when sweden will stop -- just that if they miss some currently-unknown deadline , they do n't get in . 
  they ca n't say `` oh , i ca n't make that date '' -- all they can do is guess and get panicky as statements like this show up . 
  that is exactly what will most tend to make people frantic to get into the eu quickly and least-willing to participate in any registration or delays along the way , because they desperately want to make it to sweden . 
  it gives human smugglers a fantastic bargaining position . 
  statements that would have worked much , much better : * `` we will accept migrants up until < date  . '', 
  this at least means that the cutoff is known , and there wo n't be a huge mass who get dumped into europe as a whole after not being able to make it into sweden . 
  * `` we will accept up to n migrants , we are sending processing officers to refugee camps in turkey and lebanon , and we will provide no preference to those migrants who apply from within sweden . '', 
  i think that this is the best , because sweden * does * , simply due to practical constraints , have a limit . 
  it lets migrants plan what to do . 
  it does n't generate any illegal immigration through the rest of europe , because immigrants now get no benefit via illegal immigration -- either they get refuge in sweden or they do n't , but they do n't have to travel through europe illegally to do so . 
  it also cuts off the funds going to human smugglers . 
  it means that sweden wo n't be in the position of having to temporarily-house or deport tens of thousands of people . 
  it means that sweden wo n't have to deal with furious migrants who are told that , after giving their life savings to human smugglers in an all-in attempt to get into the eu , that they ca n't stay -- more ikea-style stabbings would be bad . 
  * `` we 're now full '' . 
  an unheralded closing of the doors is not , i think , as good as either of above , because it leaves all the people who were en-route to sweden thinking that they could make it stranded across europe . 
  however , at the least it cuts off sweden as a pull factor and it does n't keep increasing the tension right up until things close down . 
  i 'm not even [ absolutely sure that it 's legal for france to prohibit people leaving france ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/illegal_emigration ) on her own authority if she wanted to do so :  the stance of the united nations is that freedom to emigrate is a human right , part of the right to freedom of movement . 
  according to the universal declaration of human rights , `` everyone has the right to leave any country , including his own , and to return to his country '' . 
  france could perhaps aid the uk in enforcing uk bans on illegal immigration but i 'm not sure that france could legally independently-of-the-uk say `` you ca n't leave france for the uk '' .
