  it happened in the us ( well , it was more than there * was * no border control until the federal government imposed it , but same idea ) . 
  i will agree that perhaps trying to build the eu by trying to find convenient crises to advance federalization is a bad route , since it means that a federal government simply becomes associated with crises . 
  certainly there are also some member countries ( like the uk ) that are not comfortable with federalization . 
  but for people who do support federalization , i think that they need to also look at what will probably happen long run if the eu becomes a federation . 
  there will be powers that will need to move from countries to the eu , and immigration control is a prime one . 
  that means having to accept what the eu as a whole wants to bring in and not being able to permit in people that the eu as a whole does n't want . 
  in exchange , countries get some input into controlling immigration to the eu as a whole as opposed to absolute control over their own immigration . 
  i 'm not convinced . 
  i admit that the wirecutters do n't appear to have come out thus far , but that 's because it 's not that hard to just travel through croatia -- migrants are n't actually * obstructed * from getting to their target country , but simply diverted a little in path . 
  that does n't mean that if there were a wall of razor wire put across the balkan peninsula , that it would stop illegal immigration into the eu . 
  at that point , it becomes worth looking at alternate routes or figuring out how to cut wire or throw heavy fabric on it and just climb over or whatnot . 
  the soviets kept having to upgrade the berlin wall because razor wire ( and subsequent improvements ) were n't enough to stop a determined human from leaving the soviet union . 
  while their motives ( stop illegal emigration ) were different from here ( stop illegal immigration ) , the ability of a human to bypass razor wire is n't . 
  there 's no real difference between `` not having workers '' and `` not wanting to pay people good wages '' : it 's an artificial distinction that 's just used for political reasons ( the epi , which is quoted in the article , is a pro-protectionist-for-native-labor-against-immigration institution that particularly likes the quote ) . 
  a high wage exists because of high demand relative to supply . 
  it just means that the less-crucial slots go empty , and the more-crucial slots are filled at high expense , by outbidding the less-crucial slots . 
  well , based on that bit of history , you just have a couple countries say `` we 're leaving the eu '' and the industrial powerhouses in the eu say `` you ca n't do that , we 're invading and annexing you '' and then after doing that but before allowing separatists representation at the eu level again , push through whatever laws you need . 
  then you wind up with a cohesive whole . 
  http://www.pewglobal.org/2014/05/12/chapter-3-most-support-limiting-immigration/ this was back before the explosion in numbers . 
  the country with the most support for increasing immigration over then-current levels was germany , where 14 % of the population said that a higher rate of immigration should be allowed . 
  well , there * are * multiple issues . 
  that proposal could be part of a solution , but it alone does n't deal with everything . 
  * how to deal with people who have already come over illegally -- you probably do n't want large numbers of unregistered people wandering around europe and maybe becoming desperate . 
  if you are n't going to grant refugee status in one country or use quotas to dole them out to multiple countries , at the * least * you probably need to somehow round them up and deport them * somewhere * , and the destination country is probably going to need to be willing . 
  you 're going to have people hiring lawyers to generate friction here . 
  even if you want to deport them , you probably do n't want to start doing so until * after * you 've registered them all , or you just wind up with people hiding from officials in those countries and trying to work illegally . 
  * how to avoid creating bad incentives to illegally immigrate ( well , assuming that you do view them as bad incentives ) in the future . 
  * how to avoid having people riot/undergo bad living conditions in camps in places like turkey , assuming that you view this as a problem to address . 
  * how to stabilize the middle east and africa to a degree that people could be resettled there ( or in the case of eritrea , force government changes such that the conditions in which people are living will not permit for refugee status claims ) . 
  * in the long term , how to deal with population pressures in africa causing war , resource shortages , and emigration . 
  those are large-scale issues with major diplomatic , legal , military , and political implications , and a full solution to `` lots of people are coming into europe and claiming refugee status from poor countries '' is probably going to ultimately have to address all of them . 
  i personally agree with you that there were some bad incentives created and that it would be consistent with what other countries are doing to not simply `` take people in '' * en masse * , but it 's also not reasonable to present the problem as a whole as being simpler to solve than it really is . 
  well , russia is off annexing bits of eastern europe . 
  i mean , i ca n't see anything that could possibly go wrong with germany annexing a european country or two . 
   eu , except uk of course , had no interest for usa to create the power vacuum with the wmd war that lead to all this mess . 
  well , not in iraq . 
  libya was primarily a french concern . 
  i do n't think that it 's in us interests to accept millions of middle east/africa refugees -- i also do n't think that it 's in eu interests . 
  i 'm not making an `` oh , the eu should take them '' argument . 
  it means that a greater chunk of the labor slots that have the greatest demand relative to supply become filled . 
    europeans make americans seem incredibly rational when it comes to being ruled by emotions . 
    then companies realized they could slap a `` no gmos '' logo on literally everything and mark it up 20 % . 
  and people buy it . 
  this created the perception that gmos themselves are bad and a kind of circular argument ( `` why leave them out of food , if they are not bad ? '' ) . 
  the exact same thing just happened in the us with the gluten-free celliac issue . 
  the fda mandated gluten-free labeling to address an extremely-rare issue that affected a tiny segment of the population , and people treated it as health advice applicable to them , and suddenly a huge chunk of the population demanded gluten-free food and was convinced that they were affected . 
  people are people . 
  on the other hand , should n't it be per-capita-per-disposable-income to be meaningful ? 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/atlantropa cheaper . 
   us wants to absorb more refugees from middle east and africa the us increased its syrian levels to let in 10k last week after negotiation . 
  the us administration has no interest in taking in large numbers on the level of what the eu is planning to take in . 
  i do n't agree . 
  there 's a legitimate argument that : * if right now , the best ( as viewed by the eu ) short-term option is quotas , it seems likely that the same will be true in six months . 
  * no yet-proposed solution is going to stop illegal immigration immediately . 
  * there are a lot more people who would like to get in . 
  saying that quotas will necessarily be running in ten years might not be supportable , but it would be very strange if they went to zero after this . 
  the first sentence there in your first source ( which is discussing the second ) has `` giving estimates that already look conservative '' regarding the un numbers , saying that they 're probably too low . 
  now , it 's true that germany 's 1m-to-germany-this-year estimate might legitimately be on the high side , but it 's not as if germany is clearly wrong and the un is clearly right on their projections . 
  that never seemed to be particularly enforceable to me , nor the `` availability to do the same job '' . 
  political window dressing . 
  they ca n't , but it provides a legal loophole to ban a migrant from legally working in germany . 
  if the czech republic accepts him , then germany does n't have the respect the requirement placed by the 1951 refugee convention on granting a right-to-work to refugees . 
  does n't mean that people wo n't work illegally , but it wo n't be legal-under-the-auspices-of-the-refugee-program . 
  if true ( the article did n't indicate this ) , this seems important . 
  should be voted more-highly . 
  i 'd be all for unlimited h1b visas with the only work-related critera being salaries ( well , with some restrictions to avoid kickbacks ) . 
  probably be great for the us . 
  while the us is n't really enthralled about lots of refugees from the middle east and africa showing up and has n't increased refugee quotas to a significant number of the people involved , it 's always happy to take skilled workers who would like to leave off your hands !, 
   syrian conflict has affected over 10 million people in region ^ 1 . 
  by rough estimates only around 10 % of them are expected to come to europe . 
  you mean the german numbers of 1m ? 
  that 's only for this year and only for germany . 
  [ slippery slope ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/slippery_slope ) is only a fallacy if one does n't have grounds for believing that the next thing would actually follow and skips over supporting why that would happen . 
   in logic and critical thinking , ** a slippery slope is a logical device , but it is usually known under its fallacious form ** , in which a person asserts that some event must inevitably follow from another without any rational argument or demonstrable mechanism for the inevitability of the event in question . 
  i think that there 's a pretty safe argument that the situation is n't going to be promptly resolved , that there 's going to be another group of refugees in short order , and that if there was n't an alternative to quotas * now * , that there probably wo n't be six months down the road . 
  that 's still not the point -- i 'm saying that people are n't going to personally voluntarily refrain from purchasing a brand in any great numbers , because the harm is n't from * me * owning the car , but from * everyone * . 
  pollution is a tragedy-of-the-commons problem -- it likely * is * in my interests to pollute . 
  you * could * internalize things via punishments . 
  for example , ca changes the smog test to include these emissions and thus promptly bans vw vehicles from the road -- that 'd make owners angry at vw ( though probably at ca more ) . 
  but unless that happens , you 're still in a tragedy-of-the-commons situation , where an individual does n't personally care or have reason to avoid purchasing the brand . 
  no , i agree -- but my point is that any member country currently has the ability to take in any number of people from around the world and insert them into the eu , as immigration rules are still decided on a per-country basis and the member country with the weakest rules is the one who effectively decides who gets in . 
  now , i 'll grant that from estonia 's standpoint , that 's probably less of a concern , since the overwhelming bulk of poor people in bangladesh or the democratic republic of the congo are going to be more interested in going to germany or the uk or similar once they 're * in * the eu ... but under eu rules , they would have to put up with them if they did choose to come to estonia . 
  that not a short-term solution . 
  even if every eu member and the us and whoever else made the decision to move military into syria * today * ( which would probably be politically-impossible ) , you 'd still be talking about some time before things are made static . 
  the quotas are a short-term fix . 
   how the hell is forcing foreign migrants unwillingly onto countries even ok according to european values ? 
  currently , you 're already bound to do so if any member country grants a foreign migrant citizenship , since eu citizen freedom-of-movement and freedom-of-labor apply . 
  yeah , i remember the bad days there . 
  but the item of interest was still the aggregate , not your own car ( else there would n't have * been * an issue in the first place ) . 
  this is n't specific to germany , though . 
  if any member state , be it germany or sweden or even malta permitted large numbers of immigrants in , it would still be people being inserted into the eu at federalization . 
  yeah , i read those articles too . 
  not necessarily the most-accurate picture , unfortunately . 
  [ seed banks guard against an uncertain food future , not ` doomsday ' ] ( http://harvestpublicmedia.org/content/seed-banks-guard-against-uncertain-food-future-not-%e2%80%98doomsday%e2%80%99 ) . 
   when the vault first came to the public 's attention , fowler says the apocalyptic structure was enticing to writers , far more than a frozen gene depository . 
  headlines that proclaimed the creation of a `` doomsday vault '' perplexed him . 
  the vault 's purpose is decidedly more mundane , but essential to the changing nature of agriculture , fowler says . 
  it serves as a backup for the world 's network of genebanks which store the genetic material of the world 's agricultural crops . 
  [ snip ]  `` most people do n't pause to think too much about crop diversity . 
  they go to the store and for them it 's brown rice and white rice and uncle ben 's .
