  assuming that they managed to successfully argue a case for refugee status without that material and were granted refugee status : we [ provide 30-90 days of housing and other essentials ] ( http://www.rcusa.org/post-arrival-assistance-and-benefits ) :  refugees arriving in the u.s. are placed with one of the private resettlement agencies that have signed a cooperative agreement with the state department . 
  these agencies generally have local affiliates throughout the u.s.   the affiliates are responsible for assuring that a core group of services are provided during the first 30-90 days after a refugee 's arrival , including food , housing , clothing , employment services , follow-up medical care , and other necessary services . 
  there are approximately 350 affiliates throughout the united states . 
  there 's also cash and medical aid provided for up to eight months :  the cash and medical assistance ( cma ) program is part of the division of refugee assistance at the office of refugee resettlement . 
  cma reimburses states for 100 percent of services provided to refugees and other eligible persons , as well as associated administrative costs . 
  programs eligible for reimbursement include :   \u2022 refugee cash assistance ( rca )   \u2022 refugee medical assistance ( rma )   \u2022 unaccompanied refugee minors   orr clients determined ineligible for temporary assistance for needy families ( tanf ) and medicaid may be eligible for rca and rma for up to eight months from the date of arrival in the u.s. , date of final grant of asylum for asylees and date of certification for trafficking victims . 
    refugees may apply for rca and/or rma in their state of residence within eight months from the date of arrival . 
  cma also reimburses medical screening costs to identify and treat contagious diseases and medical conditions . 
  germany doubtless caused an increase , but it was neither a planned german policy ( `` how can we generate illegal immigration across europe ? '' ), 
  nor , i think , the long-term root cause . 
  before anything that germany said , there were already steadily-increasing amounts of illegal immigration to the eu , and good reason to think that this would significantly-increase in the future . 
  do n't get me wrong -- i 'm not saying that merkel should n't have chosen her words more-carefully , but i also that that , even if she had , there would still be the same problem n years down the road . 
  she was just the hair that broke the camel 's back in terms of opening the floodgates to their current width . 
   i 'm not talking about econ 101 generalities . 
  what is the real benefit to the us specifically , right now , to h1b visas ? 
  what is the problem that you are trying to solve with it ? 
  that currently , immigration law interferes with us entrepreneurs from obtaining labor necessary to produce new products . 
  of course , you could say `` well , sure , but there 's no * inherent * reason why we 'd want to increase skilled immigration ... why not increase unskilled immigration instead ? 
  or , more broadly speaking , what makes * any * change from the * status quo * desirable , at all ? '', 
  well , if you agree that it 's a good thing to produce desirable global exports in the us -- not via trade barriers or anything like that , but simply being able to produce more products -- software has been successful , and this would let us produce more of it . 
  people doing software are highly-paid compared to most workers in the us . 
  if you feel that a flatter income range among workers has some inherent positive externalities -- and i 've seen articles along these lines , though you certainly may not agree with them -- then you may want to try to produce that scenario . 
  low-education labor in the us going on disability and simply living on welfare for their lives because it 's more-desirable for them to do so than to work is probably a universal concern , and that 's caused by a high income disparity . 
  there are correlations between high levels of education and a number of things that are generally-recognized as positive , like low crime , and i 'd generally prefer to shift demographics in that direction . 
  my belief is that software is an industry with a lot more potential room for growth ; this compares well to a number of other industries , and building up that industry is likely to be useful in the future . 
   why should we try to reduce all wages to below minimum wage like with illegal immigrants ? 
  you 'd tend to increase the buying power of minimum wage workers if you decreased wages of it workers -- they 'd not be competing as heavily against people with substantially-greater buying power . 
  you 'd decrease the buying power of some , increase that of others . 
  capital punishment has n't been available as an option in germany [ since east germany abolished it in 1987 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/capital_punishment_in_germany ) . 
  how do you prove that someone intentionally-destroyed their passport versus being unable to obtain it from < country-of-origin  due to war/disruption/fleeing the authorities who * would * be able to grant a passport ? 
   how many units of tech industry more will we produce per wage-suppressing h1b mercenary ? 
  however much an additional person will produce . 
  `` mercenary '' -- no more so than anyone already in the us , i 'd think . 
   where is this actually happening ? 
  at every business where it would only be profitable to hire someone below the current market rate for labor . 
  keep in mind that for unskilled labor , this already happens -- that is , we see large-scale illegal immigration that 's reduced wages for unskilled labor and in terms of buying power , increased wages for those tech workers . 
  it 's not as if bringing in workers is something that does n't already happen for other fields . 
  that being said , certainly , the idea of `` keep everyone in turkey '' is popular , and from turkey 's standpoint , that 's really not a solution . 
   who says the want to go to the us ? 
  i guarantee you that for pretty much any value of n , you will have absolutely no problem finding n people in the third world who would like to be able to legally live and work in the us . 
  texas has a healthy economy and costs of living that are n't horrendous . 
   saving germany for a 3rd time in less than 150 years from itself i think that most germans would disagree that the us `` saved germany '' in world war i or ii . 
  even if you were dead-set against hitler , there were viable -- if risky -- political ways to go about it if hitler * had * won world war ii . 
  stalin and mao were dangerous people to politically oppose , worse than hitler , but eventually , both of them faded into history and political change happened . 
  i think that few germans would have been enthusiastic about the us fighting germany in order to generate domestic political reform : the costs of losing a total war for germany were pretty severe . 
  obviously , there would have been severe costs to europe and many peoples involved , so `` saving france '' or `` saving the uk '' or something like that might hold up , but i think that `` saving germany from itself '' is trying too hard to extend the moral high ground to the us . 
   europeans are making up a large market for cocaine consumption that comes from latin america thus europe is increasingly funding the cartels likely in the billions annually . 
  that 's a little different , though -- there 's no politically-viable way for european governments to stop cocaine purchases in the eu . 
  while i 'm not terribly sympathetic to a `` us was in iraq so us should take in all refugees from the middle east and africa '' argument , the us administration had an actual option to not be in iraq . 
  of course , i suppose that the us could then complain about spanish military colonialism creating illegal immigration to the us . 
  i 've noticed that the * new york times * editorial board is enthusiastic about criticizing any nation in the world on not accepting sufficient refugee claims except the united states . 
  germany also declared war on the us rather than visa versa . 
  easier to be seen as the good guy if you were n't the one touching things off . 
  germany has provided an immense amount of aid to , say , poland , and i still think that there are people in poland left who are twitchy about germany . 
  in the middle east , while some governments there did things that the us did n't * like * , it was nothing comparable to what the us did to them . 
  per-capita-per-disposable-income-unit ? 
  well , you 're talking about tech workers in silicon valley . 
  the tech industry having labor constraints eased would permit it to produce more , where today businesses are n't able to do things because they 're outbid by the businesses that * do * have workers . 
  the same would also be true for any other highly-paid labor field . 
  thanks for including sources !, 
  if that 's true , that could mean that the immigration filters are effectively rejecting economic migrants and letting through actual refugees . 
   i mean , in the end it should n't matter anyway , just because a person is a man does n't mean they should have less rights than a woman or child , however it would be nice for the numbers to be more equal . 
  no , but it does form a basis for an argument that illegal immigration is driven by economic concerns -- not something that is guaranteed by treaty to be grounds to accept someone . 
  this would be in contrast to someone fleeing a country due to legitimate fears of personal persecution in the last place one was located before illegally coming to the country -- something that * is * guaranteed by treaty as grounds to accept someone . 
   determinants of school dropout and non-enrollment among the roma are mainly economic in nature . 
  < thinks  that does n't establish that economic status is independent of being roma , though . 
  it 's entirely possible for some cultural element to * cause * people to be poor and thus to tend to drop out of school . 
  i think that there 's a common tendency to say `` z is n't caused by x , because even though z is correlated with x , z is * also * correlated with y ! '', 
  sure , but there 's an obvious rejoinder -- what if y is caused by x ? 
  it 's not really an argument against x causing z. 
  i think that it 's far-fetched . 
  how would people heading from refugee camps to the eu benefit is ? 
  the eu might settle for a western-rebel-running-things solution or an assad-running-things solution , but it sure is n't going to be in favor of any solution that winds up with is running things , so the eu feeling pressure to become involved would seem to be a big negative for is . 
  the us does n't want a refugee crisis . 
  that makes the eu critical of us policy on iraq and is advantageous to political parties in the eu that are less-friendly to the us . 
  russia would love a refugee crisis in the eu ( tends to fragment the eu internally , tends to split the eu and the us , creates pressure to support assad , tends to take attention off the ukraine situation ) , but i 'm dubious that russia would try to encourage refugees to come over . 
  too much political risk if exposed doing so . 
  i think that it 's too easy to think that if something is happening , there must be some murky powers somewhere attempting to organize it . 
  it seems pretty plausible to me that people are just seeing a possibility to have legal grounds to immigrate to a first-world country and jumping at it . 
  same thing happens in the us with mexico and central america , so it does n't seem like it beggars belief . 
   groups like jobbik - they 're not his party , but you can bet they 'd be less successful if he was n't around i 'd bet against you . 
  i 'd assume that he competes with them for votes if they run on similar issues . 
  it alleviates the bottleneck on a lucrative industry , letting the us expand how much it produces in that industry . 
  fair enough . 
  that does seem to be predicated on greece remaining at least * somewhat * close to turkish refugee camps in terms of unpleasantness , though , so that the prospect of going to greece is really unappealing . 
  i 'd think that a long-term goal in the eu would be to flatten out the member countries ... so at least over time , it seems like the value of a fence goes away . 
  there 'd at least need to be a long-term fix as well . 
  i suspect that greece has a more-limited ability to effectively control her borders than italy or spain -- more coastline and islands , and fewer resources available -- so the situation would be more-severe there . 
  all right , but if the goal is to relieve greece as well , what good does building fences do ? 
  i mean , unless you 're going to swathe every bit of the greek coastline with manned fences , and cause eu member navies and coast guards to not bring people back to the eu , people are still going to get into greece . 
  a fence then just ensures that the problem is dumped onto greece . 
  if the proposal were to intercept boats at sea and promptly deport them to another country , * that * i could at least see being consistent with a `` protect greece as well '' policy , but i do n't see how razor wire within the eu accomplishes that . 
  also , let 's even assume that this works . 
  what of greece ? 
  * first , in the long term , if you want to federalize the eu , there 's going to be free population flow , including of refugees , around the eu . 
  * second ... does n't it seem a little objectionable to throw greece to the wolves on this , putting greece on the other side of the wall ? 
  i mean , you * could * just have the eu deport anyone illegally in greece , but that does n't involve walls . 
  building borders inside the eu seems like it kinda screws over eu people on the outside . 
  it seems to me that the eu is just going to have to have a better way of identifying people illegally present in the eu rather than relying on border control if it does want to avoid having a lot of illegal immigrants running around . 
  in the long run , if the eu plans to federalize , conceding control over national borders is something that i would assume is going to need to happen .
