  * [ compare to france , at about 12 % ] ( http://www.tradingeconomics.com/france/self-employed-total-percent-of-total-employed-wb-data.html ) http://www.businessinsider.com/this-is-the-real-reason-greece-has-a-massive-tax-evasion-problem-2015-2   on average , self-employed greeks spend 82 % of their monthly reported income servicing debt . 
  to put this number in perspective , the standard practice in consumer finance ( in the united states as well as greece ) is to never lend to borrowers such that loan payments are greater than 30 % of monthly income . 
  and that is the upper limit ...     a number of banks in southern europe told us point blank that they have adaptation formulas to adjust clients ' reported income to the bank 's best estimate of true income , and furthermore , that these adjustments are specific to occupations ... take the examples of lawyers , doctors , financial services , and accountants . 
  in all of these occupations , the self-employed are paying over 100 % of their reported income flows to debt servicing on consumer loans   you read that right : more than 100 % of the self-reported income of greece 's professional classes is going toward paying off consumer debts . 
  not , we suspect , because they have massive unbearable repayments to make , but because they 're colossally underreporting their income . 
  [ milton friedman introduced automatic tax witholding as an emergency way to increase tax revenue for the us in world war ii ] ( http://conversableeconomist.blogspot.com/2014/04/how-milton-friedman-helped-invent.html ) . 
  it generated so much money that it never quite went away ... it makes it require effort to * not * pay taxes , rather than to pay taxes . 
  but that does n't work for people who are self-employed ... 
  the [ * kibbutzim * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kibbutz ) did n't catastrophically-collapse * a la * some left-wing societies , but even those ran into problems and tended to steadily shift right and become non-communal societies over the decades . 
  also , the [ amana colonies ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amana_colonies ) ( which i was n't aware of until your post ; thanks ) appear to have hit problems with their communal ownership structure , and split up into companies about a hundred years ago . 
  i think that [ hutterites ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hutterite ) are the best still-existing example of a long-term surviving communal society . 
  i think that it would be difficult to sell their society to most outsiders as being preferable , though , but at least if people were trying to work off that model and promote its strengths , and incrementally improve upon it , that would be something realistic , something to build upon . 
  it 's not clear to me -- though i doubt that i have the familiarity that y' all do with it -- that at least what happened here is a good example of that . 
  the eu is putting a lot of money in . 
  it knows that a right-wing government can be productive , since there are a number of successful ones , and so it does n't want to dump a bunch of money it and have it turn into left-wing projects that do n't produce a return . 
  on the * other * hand , outside of the eu needing to lend a lot of money , does it typically try to modify governments ? 
  i mean , there are n't any current far-left governments in europe , but it 's not clear to me that there 's majority interest in far-left economies in any european country . 
  certainly europe is further center-left than is the us . 
  i 'm trying to think why it would n't be possible for a far-left european government to arise . 
  i 'm guessing that the eu places restrictions on trade barriers , and if a far-left economy can not produce goods competitively , it can not rely on economic restrictions to generate redistribution ... though it could do so via taxation . 
  freedom of movement means that it 's hard to pin someone wealthy into the country and extract a lot of money from them , since they 'll just go somewhere else in europe ( unless the eu permits taxation of people that have moved somehow or taxation on citizenship switch ) . 
  i guess that could be seen as right ... but the alternative to that seems to be berlin wall-style situations . 
  i dunno , i have n't seen mechanisms that would * block * left-wing parties from coming to power . 
  i actually tend to blame ( and to be fair , i 'm mostly-fiscally-right , so maybe there 's some bias talking ) the left for the far left being on a steady decline for decades now . 
  it does n't feel like there 's been any realistic adaptation to the times . 
  when i 've said something like `` well , if you want to get a lot of people behind a far left government , you need to provide arguments compelling to a national populace why they would n't run into the same economic problems that past governments have hit '' , the response that i 've gotten multiple times is on the order of `` well , * this * time we 'd implement a pure marxism '' . 
  the problem is , that same line was alive a long time back , including in the cuban revolution , and it 's not clear to me that asserting that does much to repair the economic deficiencies . 
  the rise of social democracies and the welfare state has cut somewhat into some of the selling points of the far left . 
  what kind of response has been made to that ? 
  there has n't been correlation with economic success in building a society that is further-left than the current mainstream , whereas a number of very-economically-successful economies are further-right than the current mainstream . 
  there are real theoretical arguments in favor of a more-left-wing approach simply working better -- maybe people could be more motivated if they felt themselves to be as much owners as anyone else , maybe there are feedback loops that waste potential in a right environment , that sort of thing -- but it 's hard to ask for everyone to jump to a far left environment if you ca n't sell people on some correlation showing the society becoming long-term-more-appealing-to-the-majority as things move left . 
  a lot of the terminology that shows up from the left feels very dated , and it bothers me that there is n't a serious attempt to make arguments for a far-left economy translated to mainstream economic terms . 
  the symbols and images tend to date to the industrial era . 
  it 's just ... not being developed . 
  the few funded and productive outlets of left-wing opinion that i run into ( like wsws.org ) tend to complain and try to outrage rather than list compelling alternatives . 
  now , i 'm not blaming people for not producing that . 
  * i 'm * not doing so , because i do n't see far-left systems as very viable . 
  but unless someone can identify problems in the current system , provide a plausible alternative , and then express that in an accessible way , i do n't see a lot changing . 
  democracy had to do that with aristocracy . 
  more-democratic systems worked , and worked well , and provided pragmatic benefits . 
  you did n't need to reach some democratic threshold where suddenly everything would start working much better . 
  that is the bar that i expect a new system proposing a major societal change to be able to meet . 
  if someone tells me that sharia law is really great and makes a society better , i want to be able to look at some country where i really am happy with the results that is * closer * to sharia law than my own country . 
  and i think that it 's because the left has n't been rising up to this bar of demonstrating that moves left are viable that the left has become less-influential , not because the eu is suppressing them . 
  i thought about pointing out us and other international funding for the lhc , but it 's also true that europe has provided the bulk of the money for the project as a whole , and it has turned up plenty of other important stuff * and * europe built the thing because the us [ dropped the ball on building one ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/superconducting_super_collider ) , so europe 's got plenty of well-deserved credit coming its way anyway . 
  besides , europe gets their nose rubbed in the now-long-ago moon landing way more than they deserve , * and * i like to see / r/yurop enthusiasm . 
  well , in this case , there are n't a whole of appealing options to choose from . 
  i think that if there were left-wing approaches that were appealing to greece , syriza probably would have taken them . 
  how can they * possibly * have a title like that without at least alluding to `` the fall of rome '' ? 
  hmm . 
  i think that there 's still a degree of loadedness creeping into the phrasing . 
  would you describe someone who is n't as a homophile ? 
  well , you * could * try a far-left structure , but you 'd have to produce a self-supporting economy first . 
  my understanding is that average retirement age for greeks is below the norm for europe : [ 62 for men , 60 for women ] ( http://money.cnn.com/2015/07/15/news/economy/greece-economy-pensions/ ) . 
  that being said , it might be interesting to control for form of job in comparing those across countries . 
  in the us , you vote for a representative who * happens * to be a member of a party ( in practice , his party membership might be important to his campaign , but the party only controls the seat in that he might be counted upon to vote for the party : the party never owns the seat ) . 
  in the parliamentary-type systems that are common in europe , and i do n't understand all the variants , the party tends to have a greater role , and can win seats and assign them to party members . 
  i suspect that relationships between party members are more-important in the parliamentary systems . 
  i do n't think that there 's any political ideology that has n't had people make unrealistic promises . 
  seems unreasonable to single out socialism . 
  well ... you 're probably more familiar with the pressures and politics than i am , but i got ta be honest , it does sound a little bit romanticized from my standpoint ... 
  i 'm no ir expert , but the whole industrialized world , not just europe , has avoided significant wars since world war ii . 
  i 'd chalk some of that up to infrastructure damage being more-important than it once was , some of it to international trade being more-important , and some of it due to resources ( aside from maybe oil ) being harder to capture than when control of agricultural land was the primary thing . 
  i think that cheap travel and mass media and the spread of common language and urbanization and travel moving people off their parent 's farms will tend to facilitate borders steadily breaking down , and that the diplomat 's signature on some paper is more a function of that than the other way around . 
  but , hey , i could easily be wrong too , and i 'm sure that there 's some positive feedback in both directions . 
  i have a really hard time seeing the uk , france , and germany fighting for a long , long time to come , though . 
  anyway , we 'll see !, 
  sometime i want to read up on golden dawn and try to understand how nazi -- like , actual german nsdap -- symbols became viable in greece , of all countries . 
  i can understand hard-core anti-immigration , nationalism , racism -- okay , fine , those are global positions . 
  but what 's with the nazi-looking * flag * ? 
  i 'd think that greek nationalists would definitely want to look nothing like a foreign occupier . 
  reading it , i thought that that was a week-old quote , not a three-year-old-quote . 
  honestly , i think that an awful lot of countries have a similar image of their legislatures : maybe a little better or a little worse , but i do n't know whether there 's a country where the legislature is loved . 
  the only time that [ we loved our legislators ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/1600/congress-public.aspx ) in recent memory was when we were attacked . 
  i 've also seen a fair number of videos of fights in legislatures . 
  the us 's federal legislature is pretty tame these days , but back when we had one guy beaten unconscious once , and another guy come at some other legislator with a knife . 
  got ta be honest , turkey . 
  this is really not a good time for this . 
  just antagonizes a lot of countries , and does n't buy you anything . 
  interesting !, 
  i 'm sure that they use some sort of internal representation -- that 's the standard model for compilers to perform translation if there are many sources and many targets , but was n't sure that it was plain english -- in fact , that seems surprisingly-lossy . 
  that could probably be tested by identifying an ambiguous-meaning sentence in english that can be produced by the translater , and then translating from a language where the source sentence is not ambiguous to one where it is not ambiguous . 
   the far far bigger issue is the genie out of bottle . 
  after the meeting last weekend we all now know from the top level that euro is actually not irreversible . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  it 's been cited in the press linked to here frequently now . 
  who are these people who believed that a grexit was * impossible * at some point ? 
  sure , maybe people did n't expect that the path was as easy as it might have been ( though i thought that it 's equally been made clear over the past several years that there have been a lot of resources and effort from a lot of countries and people trying to avoid a grexit ) . 
  but surely , surely if you went up to someone who really dealt with the risk of a country exiting , they would n't have said `` there is simply no chance of a country exiting the ez '' . 
  the ez is also only fifteen years old , and what happens in a young , union that 's still finding its feet is n't necessarily indicative of what happens in a fifty or hundred-year-old union . 
  again , not saying that a grexit will happen now . 
  i do n't know whether it will or it wo n't , i 'm no economist or expert on european politics , and pundits and media sources have been wildly swinging back and forth on this for some days now . 
  but i also have a hard time with certain-sounding claims that greece leaving the ez triggers the end of the ez via some sort of psychological mechanism . 
  about a third of the us left the dollar back in the american civil war ( admittedly , conquered and forced back in several years later ... ) . 
  nobody said `` oh , well , that 's clearly it ... some states might just choose to leave the dollar and might succeed next time ... we should all quit the thing . '', 
  thank you for the well-written and objective summary . 
   this needs to be put to a referendum in every eu country ( not just the eurozone members since one member being forced to pay for a ez country 's bailout show that this wo n't be the first time it happens ) . 
  is n't that self-defeating ? 
  you ca n't complete the referendums without crashing into the very problem in greece that you 're trying to avoid . 
   its not like this is a surprise or anything .
