  [ citation needed ] the ones that crossed were supposed to have their weapons confiscated ; [ 1 ] however , the romans in charge accepted bribes to allow the goths to retain their weapons . 
  [ 2 ]   with so many people in such a small area , famine struck the goths , and rome was unable to supply them with either the food they were promised or the land ; they herded the goths into a temporary holding area surrounded by an armed roman garrison . 
  there was only enough grain left for the roman garrison , and so they simply let the goths starve . 
  the romans provided a grim alternative : the trade of slaves ( often children and young women ) for dog meat . 
  when fritigern appealed to valens for help , he was told that his people would find food and trade in the markets of the distant city of marcianople . 
  having no alternative , some of the goths trekked south in a death march , losing the sickly and old along the path . 
    when they finally reached marcianople 's gates , they were barred by the city 's military garrison and denied entry ; to add insult to injury , the romans unsuccessfully tried to assassinate the goth leaders during a banquet . 
  open revolt began . 
  the main body of goths spent the rest of 376 and early 377 near the danube plundering food from the immediate region . 
  roman garrisons were able to defend isolated forts but most of the country was vulnerable to gothic plunder . 
  wound up ultimately kicking off the end of the roman empire . 
  it can , however , encode a hash of data extracted from that image , which is all that 's required for verification . 
  my privacy-friendly ideal -- which i doubt a government would implement , since it 's too-pleasant to have a national fingerprint database -- would be for the hash to be generated and signed when you go in to get your passport made up , rather than your fingerprints themselves added to a database . 
  a [ qr code ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qr_code ) -- you 've probably seen these , as they 're popular with cell phone users -- is a form of barcode and just uses ink to encode the data . 
  it 's still machine-readable . 
  oh , it 's not going to happen tomorrow -- no short term solution . 
  but i 'd think that most governments would prefer to have the ability to actually control who is running around with one of their passports . 
  well , there are three points : * it 's not global yet , and all countries would need to adopt it for this to work . 
  * bounding the amount of data embedded ( which a qr code does ) avoids my concern about how much data goes out . 
  * a qr code avoids the cost of embedding any electronics -- all you need is a plain-jane printer , same as you always had , to produce each passport . 
   the problem comes in when you have to do it hundreds or thousands of times every day . 
  well , it 's parallizable and automatable . 
  [ fingerprint readers are n't that expensive ] ( http://www.amazon.com/microsoft-dg2-00002-fingerprint-reader/dp/b0002wpsb2/ ) . 
  software to do cryptographic hashes and signing is [ free ] ( https://www.openssl.org/ ) , as are qr decoders . 
  webcams are pretty cheap . 
  i do n't really care if people want to hold an elitist position about what they do -- after all , it seems to me that if people are n't hypocrites , and do whatever they think is best , that you 'd * naturally * wind up with people thinking that whatever they do is the best way . 
  on the other hand , i 'd care a lot about them trying to use laws to make other people adopt their favored approach . 
  you seem like someone who should be brain-drained to the united states . 
  and honestly , this is at least a policy position . 
  it may not be representative of what mccarthy would actually do in power , but it 's hard to say that this is inappropriate discussion to have about a politician . 
  the pig thing is just stupid . 
  i do n't really care about it . 
  i 've found that vegans tend to purchase oddball and often more-expensive replacement products , whereas straightforward vegetable-based dishes are generally-cheaper than their meat equivalents . 
   in the usa , sitting presidents tend to win re-election ( incumbency really seems to help ) it 's not really that big a difference . 
  [ out of 34 attempts to win re-election , 14 have failed and 20 succeeded ] ( http://www.gallup.com/poll/8608/reflections-presidential-job-approval-reelection-odds.aspx ) ... and you got ta remember that there 's a selection bias , because only incumbents who think that they are actually going to win run for re-election . 
  at some point , countries are going to globally adopt the use of cryptographic signatures on their passports ( e.g. 
  take some data from fingerprints/other biometrics , run it and whatever other data you want through a cryptographic hash , sign the thing with a country 's private key , and then print the result as a qr code on the passport ) and the `` fake passport '' thing is going to have a serious hole punched in it . 
   once a large mass of people starts moving like that , it can not be stopped within weeks by minor policy changes . 
  it is not the people who have already traveled over that this would address , but the numbers that keep additionally showing up . 
  i do n't care if someone wants to cut their * own * genitals , and i 'm not in favor of a law about it . 
  i just think that of all the things out there that were reinterpreted or reformed to let religion fit more-closely with modern society , the `` remove parts of baby genitals '' bit could really have gotten a higher priority for review . 
   mr orb\u00e1n told the press that they failed to agree on the proposal which stated that if greece is unable to protect its borders , the european union should do so as part of a joint effort . 
  huh . 
  does anyone know any reason why that would have been seen as objectionable ? 
  maybe generic sovereignty reasons or someone not wanting to pay the money ? 
  the bbc uses the term `` migrants '' for people who have not had a refugee status approved , which seems like a good way to go about it . 
  if you read the article :  there was no information to suggest suicide or `` third-party involvement , '' the statement added . 
  `` everyone should stop already with cutting genitals on both male and female infants ? '', 
  / u/koleye stated ( seriously ) `` what a giant waste of a great people '' about russia . 
  i responded ( tongue-in-cheek ) `` what a giant waist of a great people '' about the united states -- the united states is [ one of the most-obese countries in the world ] ( https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2228rank.html ) . 
  [ drywall ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/drywall ) has a high water content , and contains flame for a while . 
  the [ frame is wood ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/framing_%28construction%29 ) , which mostly is n't exposed -- there is n't a whole lot of externally-visible wood . 
  but , yeah , if you have a fire burning long-enough , it will burn . 
  not all buildings , but it 's common in residential single-family homes in the us . 
  lots of wood available . 
  i do n't really think that any country involved is entirely-innocent , though they were all put in a difficult position by the eu . 
  the eu wanted them to register migrants ( which the migrants did n't want ) , not to pass migrants through ( which they had to given the numbers coming through ) , not to close borders but gave no promises that later countries would n't close borders ( and this would open them to the risk of having them all pool up in their country ) . 
  certainly more coordination would have been better , but to some extent , they had no good choices remaining -- just the ability to put a better face on things . 
  i think a better response would have been a flat statement from the major countries in the eu ( the `` destination countries '' at least of germany and sweden ) * immediately * that they would stop granting any form of priority to refugee applications done domestically and that they would start reviewing refugee applications in turkey , and that ( in violation of the 1951 refugee convention ) there will be some cap , which frankly , there 's going to have to be anyway . 
  the cap does n't need to be announced at this point . 
  heck , the cap could be zero . 
  this should not require a whole lot of legal review or negotiation -- it 's pretty obvious that they 're going to have to have a cap , and given that , they are n't actually giving anything up by doing processing from turkey . 
  that would halt the influx , since there 's now no reason to try to illegally immigrate -- either you get in or you do n't , but either way giving money to a smuggler is just a loss ( unless you want to try to work illegally ) . 
  having countries offering generous asylum terms but providing no way to get to them other than via illegally crossing through other countries ( and * then * trying to force those countries to register migrants who had no interest in being registered ) just was a bad idea all around . 
  i really think that a statement like that should have been issued at least a week or two ago now . 
  that 's the most-immediate thing that could be done to address the issue of more people illegally entering the eu . 
  one of the * worst * things to do was to have countries operating on a first-come-first-serve basis * only * to people who applied within their borders ( and thus who had to illegally immigrate ) while sporadically claiming that they 're full and closing up borders . 
  that makes everyone panic that they 're going to miss a golden opportunity and flood in faster . 
  once the flood was already coming in , balkan countries were criticized for closing borders , criticized for facilitating people moving through , criticized for unloading large numbers on any other country , and obviously could n't really force people who were desperate not to register to register in their country . 
  obviously , any country that tried dumping migrants across a border made the target country angry and any country that tried interfering with another country dumping migrants across a border made that country angry . 
  there was no winning move available to any of the balkans . 
  it 's a pun . 
  ahhh , sorry , i get you . 
  unnecessary : i think that that 's just frustration talking . 
  if you want to terminate refugee claims entirely , it 's easy enough to simply say `` we will no longer honor claims under the 1951 refugee convention '' , and certainly that would be no worse of a violation than killing people . 
  the question of how international regulation and the internet will interact is a real , long-term , and interesting one . 
  thus far , most countries have been fairly hands-off -- if it 's overseas , it is n't within their jurisdiction . 
  but there * are * real , public-interest concerns , privacy being the big one , with this . 
  one possibility is to establish international jurisdiction . 
  i 'm a little dubious about this . 
  fining google means that google can open up a europe shell company and have only that subject to european law . 
  also , many countries have different , conflicting laws , and they are n't going to work together . 
  international treaties might be possible , but would be the kind of slow-moving , heavy-handed regulation that the web has happily avoided . 
  another is to just establish a `` justice of the strong '' , where trade penalties or similar automatically kick in if a country does n't enforce certain rules in another country . 
  this is going to be tough to sell . 
  i think that it 's extremely hard to enforce hide-my-history requirements , and * especially * when it comes to overseas systems . 
  there 's just no simple , technical way to address it -- the streisand effect simply has n't yet been beaten . 
  some of these things should n't be grouped together . 
  i have opinions all over the place on these . 
  i 'm something of an online privacy nut , but i 'm very negative on a lot of policy proposals ( including the current ones from europe ) as i just do n't see them as something that can be reasonably enforced . 
  i 'd prefer technical fixes -- instead of making a law against breaking into computers and trying to run around tracking down sketchy people on the internet , secure the computer -- but that 's not viable for a hide-my-history goal . 
  `` net neutrality '' can mean a lot of things . 
  i 'm most open to it in the form of being regulation to avoid a natural monopoly , but i do n't want it imposed until real , serious problems actually show up , and my bar for this has not yet been met . 
  i 'm strongly opposed to bans on tiered service ( `` guaranteed fast traffic '' ) since there are excellent rationales for this that permit for more-efficient traffic routing . 
  it 's hard to comment on `` net neutrality '' without knowing the specific proposal in question , but generally , i 've been opposed to most net neutrality proposals . 
  i do n't think that bitcoin is actually * that * big of a deal from a regulatory standpoint . 
  it does n't ( yet ) seem to be something that anyone is really trying to ban or endorse or something that dramatically affects power . 
  encryption * was * a real issue in the past ( the us restrictions on crypto export were unrealistic and infuriating ) , but that 's effectively over since the clinton era . 
  i do n't know what the issues is on zero-days . 
  i * strongly * agree that us copyright is too long , and i think that a lot of attempts to establish international agreements requiring long copyright are a form of trying to simply short-term transfer wealth : this winds up creating a bad system for the sake of a short-term us gain .
