  [ 45 ] following the link , this surmises that the chinese government was behind it , but it does n't appear to be industrial espionage -- it was targeting embassies . 
   google and operation aurora some of this is not industrial espionage -- it 's is the chinese state trying to get emails from political activists in china . 
  the industrial part of it appears to be deep in speculation . 
   cybersitter and green dam   the us based firm cybersitter announced in january 2010 that it was suing the chinese government , and other us companies , for stealing its anti pornography software , with the accusation that it had been incorporated into china 's green dam program , used by the state to censor children 's internet access . 
  cybersitter accused green dam creators as having copied around 3000 lines of code . 
  they were described as having done ' a sloppy job of copying , ' with some lines of the copied code continuing to direct people to the cybersitter website . 
  the attorney acting for cybersitter maintained `` i do n't think i have ever seen such clear-cut stealing '' . 
  [ 53 ] the original source here is dead , but it sounds like someone ripping off someone else 's javascript ; while i 'm not saying that that 's not objectionable , it 's also probably not a result of state-driven espionage ( contractor a figured that copying the material was a fast way to do the job ) , and it is rather common among web developers . 
  `` espionage '' is n't what i 'd call that so much as `` plain old copyright infringement '' . 
   in may 2010 , the federal jury convicted chordiant software , inc. , a u.s. corporation , of stealing dongxiao yue 's jrpc technologies and used them in a product called chordiant marketing director . 
  yue previously filed lawsuits against symantec corporation for a similar theft . 
  [ 55 ] not state-driven , and `` espionage '' would again be kind of ambitious here ; it looks like someone wrote an rpc library and someone else did n't pay for it . 
  i 'd kind of like concrete information on some examples of things that were taken in all this spy-versus-spy business . 
  there have been at least a few claims that i 've seen that the nsa was involved in specifically * industrial * espionage ( which i admit , surprises me ; i do n't recall declassified historic examples of us state agencies doing * industrial * espionage , though certainly i have n't gone looking ) . 
  secret bids on something ? 
  technology ? 
  expansion plans ? 
  what 's everyone busily trying to swipe ? 
   that will hurt more than russia 's ego : roscosmos charges $ 70 million per seat for passengers , and russia -- pinched by low oil prices -- could sorely use the cash . 
  it 's not as if spacex and boeing will fly folks for free , of course -- the transition to private suppliers means someone 's got to make a profit -- but spacex founder elon musk likes to speak about how important it is to `` repatriate '' the money the u.s. is currently paying russia . 
  it 's an idea that has special appeal when relations between moscow and washington remain chilly . 
  i 'm a little dubious that the money involved is particularly meaningful on the level of national economies . 
   in the uk , air pollution has become so bad in london that the european union is to levy fines on local government , reflecting years in which the extent of pollution has been in excess of eu standards . 
  the supreme court is expected to issue judgment on wednesday on a case brought against the uk government for its breach of eu pollution limits . 
  london has probably improved . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/great_smog  the great smog of '52 or big smoke [ 1 ] was a severe air-pollution event that affected london during december 1952 . 
  a period of cold weather , combined with an anticyclone and windless conditions , collected airborne pollutants mostly from the use of coal to form a thick layer of smog over the city . 
  it lasted from friday 5 december to tuesday 9 december 1952 , and then dispersed quickly after a change of weather . 
    although it caused major disruption due to the effect on visibility , and even penetrated indoor areas , it was not thought to be a significant event at the time , with london having experienced many smog events in the past , so-called `` pea soupers '' . 
  government medical reports in the following weeks estimated that up until 8 december 4,000 people had died prematurely and 100,000 more were made ill because of the smog 's effects on the human respiratory tract . 
  more recent research suggests that the total number of fatalities was considerably greater , at about 12,000 . 
  [ 2 ]   it is known to be the worst air-pollution event in the history of the united kingdom , [ 3 ] and the most significant in terms of its effect on environmental research , government regulation , and public awareness of the relationship between air quality and health . 
  [ 2 ] it led to several changes in practices and regulations , including the clean air act 1956 . 
  oh , that 's exciting . 
  i was interested in the possibility of that ( though i was thinking of it being a short-term kickstart-culture-change thing rather than permanent ) . 
  i have little motorcycle familiarity , but / r/motorcycles has [ ( serious ) are harley motorcycles really that bad ? 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/motorcycles/comments/2czedu/serious_are_harley_motorcycles_really_that_bad/ ), 
  i realize that people need the infrastructure to travel from place-to-place , so an investment in building out the charging infrastructure can have a return in a wide area . 
  still , romania does n't seem like a prime market for us-built luxury cars ... 
   wish i had the motivation to debate the idiotic economic theories that pop up on poorly styled sites . 
  thanks , but i do n't think that it 's fair to call them idiotic . 
  first , i have no credentials or position in economics . 
  mr. graeber apparently presently teaches economic anthropology at the london school of economics , and i 've seen plenty of people on the left side of the spectrum recommending that his articles be read . 
  these people are not * stupid * , though certainly i disagree with them . 
  secondly , i think that broadly-speaking , the world has done a rather-poor job of explaining the rationale for economic liberalism to society as a whole . 
  the first time i saw economics in my education was at the university level , so you 've already blocked off the majority of society from letting it be handed them . 
  i know the basis for many civil rights , and my primary/secondary education even explained common propaganda techniques that might be used , but economics were pretty much out of the picture . 
  that means that the authority of the educational system is never bestowed upon economic explanation . 
  if someone is to independently-familiarize themselves with something , they first must understand the material well enough to judge how well they trust the authors of that material . 
  third , there is substantial disagreement in economics , and it 's * hard * for a non-expert to determine how well-accepted nearly anything is without having a lot of familiarity with the field . 
  for example , one of the basic concepts covered in the first microeconomics text i read was the principle of [ comparative advantage ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparative_advantage ) . 
  this is a very important idea behind wanting to advocate for free trade and against the concept of trade being a zero-sum game . 
  however , mr. krugman ( currently a very high-profile writer with a new york times column ) received his award in economics for identifying limitations in the principle of comparative advantage . 
  is it a concept to be thrown out ? 
  is one person or the other lying ? 
  certainly the fate of a lot of policies and thus wealth is tied up in all this . 
  in the case of nafta ( and , i imagine , ttip ) , there are advertising groups working for various industries dominating the public discussion and trying to produce appealing sound bites . 
  it becomes extraordinarily-difficult to find a pillar of trustworthy material that one can cling to and build off . 
  fourth , i think that some important concepts in economics are profoundly unintuitive . 
  the [ broken window fallacy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/parable_of_the_broken_window ) is * not * intuitive , nor is the concept that wages can decline ( and that this might not be undesirable ) for a job as that job becomes more productive . 
  yes , every field has its own set of unintuitive bits ( if you have an * intuitive * understanding of relativity in physics , i 'm impressed ) , but most of them do n't seem to be as basic as they are as in economics . 
  fifth , we 're expected to be somewhat skeptical , particularly when it looks like someone else 's interests might be at play . 
  on a regular basis , people lose a great deal of money by * not * being cynical , and are often later criticized for being gullible . 
  i suppose that in europe , cross-currency mortgages being sold as being a great savings and wonderful deal is common , and presumably a mortgage salesman will assure them that this is indeed what they want to do . 
  when a substantial chunk of people , however , are burned by any idea or misconception , though , it 's hard to say that something is `` idiotic '' any more , unless you 're willing to simply discard a pretty large chunk of society as `` idiotic '' . 
  sixth , there 's not much of a moral or political side to , say , physics . 
  most people just are n't going to get all that worked up over a particular model of an atom ( though when physics * did * run into problems , it was when it did crash into politics , * a la * galileo ) . 
  economics is inextricably-intertwined with public policy and thus with politics , and therefore from a social standpoint , an economist has the unfortunate role of acting as a sort of high priest , dictating in part to society what is right . 
  no , i think that it 's rather that economics is n't well-understood enough , and that it 's unintuitive . 
  if someone works in the field , they 're probably a bit cautious about making claims that they are n't familiar with -- after all , it puts their professional reputation on the line -- and so it becomes depressingly-difficult to find people willing to commit themselves to trying to make necessarily-simplified `` big picture '' explanations . 
  political advocates , on the other hand , do n't have the same problem , and so i suspect that they play a disproportionately-larger role in cementing the public 's economic views . 
  politicians do n't earn their roles by correcting views , but by playing to them , and so any veneer of authority that they might grant tends to cement preconceived ideas . 
  and i 'm sure that someone can come in and find flaws in my above comment -- maybe someone would say that my statement that `` capital has no interest in separating ` real ' workers and ` useless ' workers '' is incorrect because i 'm ignoring graeber 's claims of unrest , and that creating jobs like those of civil-rights lawyer or technical support for compressors or sales representatives * could * all be part of an artificial process to suppress revolution or revolt . 
  but at least it 's trying to give an honest dump of my own understanding . 
   russia 's threat has transitioned from a theoretical issue to a very practical one , which calls for an adequate response , not unlike in 1949 . 
  nato has n't gone anywhere . 
  there have been drawdowns of us soldiers and european military cuts , so the ability to immediately-respond is lessened , but the same military obligations exist . 
   as rand corporation analyst f. stephen larrabee has aptly noted recently , vladimir putin 's regime is , in many respects , even more dangerous than the soviet union . 
  okay , but he was comparing it to the ussr 's 1964 unpredictability , not the 1949 unpredictability that the article is talking about earlier . 
   quite the opposite - ishchenko 's analysis suggests that at least those groups of the russian elite that nurture bellicose plans regard the western powers as not strong or decisive enough to ever dare to defend the baltic states . 
  especially in the face of a threat of nuclear stand-off with russia . 
  if that were truly the case , then why wait ? 
  why would n't russia just invade the baltics now ? 
   congratulations , europe , for going totally bananas ... just a bunch of bikers with questionable ideas . 
  certainly no military invasion , but it 's granted an elevated status by the authorities :  their august 2014 show in sevastopol , supporting the annexation of crimea by russia and depicting ukraine as a country controlled by ` fascists ' , was attended by an estimated 100,000 people and broadcast by russian state television . 
  [ 17 ] [ 18 ] ... the group has supported the russian annexation of crimea , patrolling the streets and declaring `` wherever the night wolves are , that should be considered russia . '' ... they are funded by the kremlin , receiving `` several hundred million rubles a year '' according to a report in 2013 . 
  bit more of a political impact than your typical group of bikers , i 'd think . 
  [ continued from parent ]  i would not presume to tell someone who is convinced they are making a meaningful contribution to the world that , really , they are not . 
  but what about those people who are themselves convinced their jobs are meaningless ? 
  not long ago i got back in touch with a school friend who i had n't seen since i was 12 . 
  i was amazed to discover that in the interim , he had become first a poet , then the front man in an indie rock band . 
  i 'd heard some of his songs on the radio having no idea the singer was someone i actually knew . 
  he was obviously brilliant , innovative , and his work had unquestionably brightened and improved the lives of people all over the world . 
  yet , after a couple of unsuccessful albums , he 'd lost his contract , and plagued with debts and a newborn daughter , ended up , as he put it , `` taking the default choice of so many directionless folk : law school . '' now he 's a corporate lawyer working in a prominent new york firm . 
  he was the first to admit that his job was utterly meaningless , contributed nothing to the world , and , in his own estimation , should not really exist . 
  yet was this self-assessment accurate and was it further something that could be generalized to the law industry ? 
  could society function well if the entire legal profession simply vanished ? 
  a few years back ( on a reddit recommendation , as i recall ) , i read [ * the legal analyst : a toolkit for thinking about the law * ] ( http://www.amazon.com/the-legal-analyst-toolkit-thinking/dp/0226238350 ) . 
  that takes a sort of from-first-principles look at why laws are constructed the way they are and the rationale for doing various things . 
  it was very interesting , and i 'm glad that i read it .
