  although they may not all be legally stateless , the citizenship status of many has been uncertain , as has their ability to exercise a full range of economic , social and political rights . 
  [ snip ]  an agreement signed in 1992 by germany and romania , for example , allowed for the `` repatriation of german and romanian nationals to their respective countries '' with particular regard to `` romanian and german nationals who have entered one of these two countries illegally . '' in practice , the convention was primarily intended to address the question of romanian asylum seekers in germany , about 40 per cent of whom were believed to be roma . 
  as the citizenship of some roma is unclear , however , and as others do not carry a passport or identity documents , the task of returning them to the states of central and eastern europe has in many cases proved to be difficult . 
  http://www.statelessness.eu/blog/out-limbo-promoting-right-stateless-roma-people-legal-status-italy  a significant proportion of roma people originating from the balkans and living in italy are stateless or at risk of statelessness . 
  in most cases they lack a residence permit or other identity documents . 
  as undocumented persons , they have no or limited access to social services , health care , education , employment and housing as well as no political rights . 
  they also risk receiving expulsion orders and being detained in a detention centre . 
  [ us department of state press statement ] ( http://www.state.gov/r/pa/prs/ps/2015/03/238897.htm )  this week , as russia attempts to validate its cynical and calculated `` liberation '' of crimea , we reaffirm that sanctions related to crimea will remain in place as long as the occupation continues . 
  the united states continues to support ukraine 's sovereignty , territorial integrity , and right to self-determination . 
  gypsies ? 
  not for refugee status , but for not being considered citizens of the place where they 've been living ? 
   it 's incredibly transparent why they 're doing it they 've got a whole section on [ fracking ] ( https://www.rt.com/tags/fracking/ ) -- trying to discourage people from doing it , since it drives down the price for their main export . 
  i bet that they back a bunch of the various groups opposed to fracking too . 
   tow against the us line when people say `` toe the line '' , they mean to metaphorically line up in order , as desired , with toes on a line . 
  they are n't hauling the line one direction or another . 
  if he started driving at a cop with a vehicle to try to hit him , they 'd be clear to go ahead and shoot him . 
  this defense has been used in cases before , and in fact was an example in my intro to criminal law textbook way back when . 
  and nobody is going to try disabling a tractor 's engine with a handgun . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/yankee_doodle  traditions place its origin in a pre-revolutionary war song originally sung by british military officers to mock the disheveled , disorganized colonial `` yankees '' with whom they served in the french and indian war . 
  it is believed that the tune comes from the nursery rhyme lucy locket . 
  one version of the yankee doodle lyrics is `` generally attributed '' to dr. richard shuckburgh , [ 3 ] a british army surgeon . 
  according to one story , dr. shuckburgh wrote the song after seeing the appearance of colonial troops under colonel thomas fitch , v , the son of connecticut governor thomas fitch . [ 2 ] ... 
  at this point the americans embraced the song and made it their own , turning it back on those who had used it to mock them . 
  the use to refer to americans in general long predates the american civil war or the existence of the csa . 
   if we 'd be cruel , germany should just take some refugees , and ship them straight to london , warsaw and washington . 
  let those pay who caused the conflict . 
  first , iraq was a us project , so knock off with the complaining about the uk -- the uk 's presence or absence would n't have changed the fact that iraq was going to be attacked . 
  second , iraq was n't the sole factor in producing unrest . 
  third , you chose to sign the treaties to take in refugees . 
  if you do n't like the consequences , that sucks , but you 'd be doing the same in the event of any war or unrest that people could use as a justification to head into europe -- you ca n't dump the blame for that on the us or the uk or anyone else . 
  free trade provides bidirectional benefits , though : avoiding it intentionally to try to lever something else would also hurt the other eu members . 
  and surely political union is also intended to provide bidirectional benefits , albeit in the long run ? 
  that is , france and germany and sweden and whatnot are n't just in the eu to open up markets , but because they feel that the political association will be a beneficial in the long run . 
  if that 's the case , then what 's the need to try to lever the uk in ? 
  either the eu political union will work well , or it wo n't . 
  if it works well , there 's a good argument for the uk to want to join . 
  if it does n't work well , then the other eu members do n't pay the cost of being cut off trade-wise . 
  yes . 
  the idea is that people may extract information from the questions asked on the polls and this affects their answer : they may not have had a specific number in mind going into the poll . 
  that 's in * consumption * . 
  they just happen to be benefiting at a different point in the supply chain . 
   norway is not an eu member state fair , but i do n't see norway getting crud for this . 
   their obvious intent to not meet the greenhouse gas emission reduction target for 2020 so ... norway planning to stop oil extraction any time soon ? 
  i really do n't see what the objection is with having free trade with the uk and then going and creating whatever other sorts of agreements someone else wants in addition to that . 
  on this forum , it seems like i frequently see : * non-uk users saying `` the uk needs to do x or we cut you off from economic access '' . 
  * uk users saying `` if you do this , we 'll probably leave '' . 
  it invariably seems to be that both groups are interested in playing hardball . 
  what is * wrong * with a loose , trade-only union and then a tighter union with countries that want this ? 
  there are already many different forms of association in europe ; i do n't see what the big deal is with another . 
  if the `` tight union '' works out well and the uk sees it as being in its interest to join , it presumably will ; if not , it presumably wo n't . 
  why ca n't that be a decision for the future instead of people playing hardball now ? 
  no , no , i do n't mean the level of taxation as a whole -- just why financial transaction taxes in particular seem to keep coming up . 
  maybe that there 's enough off-the-books income that financial transaction taxes are simply easier to assess than income taxes ? 
  what is it with europe being so gung-ho on financial transaction taxes , anyway ? 
  just as a way to tax a few wealthy centers ? 
  eh , i 'm sure that that 's mostly fixed cost for r&d . if we made more of them , unit costs would presumably come down . 
  not enough need at the moment . 
   it baffles me how you 're a mod of this sub with stuff like that . 
  because he 's not abusing his moderator position ? 
  why should n't a moderator be able to say whatever he wants ? 
  he 's not shadowbanning you for disagreeing with him , after all . 
  would you be happier if he were sockpuppeting ? 
  ehhh ... that poll seems vulnerable to [ framing effects ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/framing_effect_%28psychology%29 ) . 
  let 's say that all the numbers on the answers there were multiplied by twenty , repeat the poll , and see whether the results of that poll are consistent with the results here . 
  [ interesting split on that ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:decimalseparator.svg ) . 
  the period has north america , uk , southern africa , australia , and the bulk of asia 's population using it . 
  the comma has mainland europe , south america , western africa , indonesia , and russia . 
  well , you were [ just submitting rt articles to / r/finland ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3jkz73/eu_refugee_crisis_absolutely_expectedputin_russia/ ) . 
  do you feel that rt is more-reputable than the bbc ? 
   1 ) establish a standard asylum procedure across europe that would avoid choosing the most-favorable procedure . 
  on the other hand , it also introduces the question of whether you are going to require countries to take asylum procedures that are less-generous than they would like to extend or more-generous than they would like to extend . 
  also , a proportional-to-population approach may not go over so well with , for example , poorer countries . 
   so one of the few things that would convince them to delay their sea crossing would be the realistic chance of reaching europe through legal means . 
  that 's true ( though it does also bring up the obvious point that it would be equally-effective to convince someone that it would be unrealistic to gain asylum by reaching europe through illegal means ) . 
   3 ) end the war in syria first , on what terms ? 
  is isis given control ? 
  western-backed rebels ? 
  the assad regime ? 
  second , syria is not the only country involved -- people simply know that refugee status is the most-effective way to be able to work in europe . 
  what about other wars in africa ? 
   4 ) give syrians employment rights in turkey if turkey does not currently grant these rights , it probably does not want to do so . 
  what would europe be willing to give turkey to induce it to do so ? 
   5 ) persuade gulf countries to take in more syrians do syrians , by-and-large , * want * to go to gulf countries ? 
  and again , what would europe be willing to give gulf countries to induce them to do so ? 
   6 ) provide economic alternatives in smuggling communities human smuggling happens in the ( from a global standpoint , with plenty of economic opportunities ) united states . 
  furthermore , it 's something that an individual can do -- it does n't require an entire area to be economically-depressed . 
   7 ) end the war in libya same concerns as # 3 . 
  are you going to send in british ground troops to kill off one side in libya and set up a government ? 
   8 ) end repression and extremism in eritrea and afghanistan i do n't understand all of the background in eritrea and afghanistan , but if it amounts to `` export western european government and culture to eritrea and afghanistan '' , i think that that is probably more-difficult even than dealing with mass movements from those places to europe . 
   9 ) increase development in west africa ... increased economic investment in their countries of origin would have to be part of any well-rounded response to the migration crisis . 
  well , companies and individuals already have an incentive to invest where it 's viable , and there are already institutions that exist to try to make an area more-viable , like the world bank . 
  what would the author want to do above-and-beyond the * status quo * ? 
   10 ) learn from precedent ... after the vietnam war , the west eventually welcomed 1.3 million refugees from indochina . 
  if such a large scale resettlement scheme has succeeded once , without collapsing social order , it can be achieved again . 
  well , this is `` simply accept and grant citizenship to these people '' . 
  that seems somewhat at odds with all the above items , which are designed to avoid doing that . 
   as you said , the idea of starting a civil war over this belongs to the early 1900 's at the very least . 
  i was referring to separatism in europe in general , whether was the balkans or the troubles in ireland or [ one of the various separatist movements in europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_active_separatist_movements_in_europe ) in the future . 
  i think that op 's question was about the euro , not the eu -- that is , the currency . 
   it took greece close to a decade to get truly fucked by the euro .
