  but i do n't believe that current privacy legislation is likely to provide an effective solution , and it does impose compliance costs . 
  i do n't think that we yet have a technical solution , which i think would be the way to go . 
   but krugman is also saying tsipras wanted yes vote . 
  how would mr. krugman know what mr. tsipras wanted ? 
  mr. krugman should n't have any special knowledge of what the greek government was doing that we do n't have . 
  weellll ... i agree with your overall summary , but a few nits :  but the individual states are clearly less powerful than the national government sort of . 
  they rarely run directly into each other , because each have their own defined sphere of influence . 
  generally-speaking , the federal sphere has informally steadily expanded , but i would n't say that one is directly `` more powerful '' , particularly in 1789 . 
   state laws must still be consistent with the national constitution this was not considered to be the norm in 1789 : see [ incorporation ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/incorporation_of_the_bill_of_rights ) . 
  it was n't until the 1900s that a combination of judicial and legislative changes made this to be the case . 
  also , the us constitution is both hard to amend and very limited in size and scope , so this requirement is weaker than it would be if , say , the proposed european union constitution had gone through with the same requirement . 
   states can not easily leave the union weeeellll ... that was n't actually expressly stated anywhere and was in fact the major point of contention in the 1860s american civil war . 
   however , the national government heavily subsidizes state welfare and uses heavy national taxes and welfare and national projects to move money from rich states to poorer states maintaining a roughly equivalent standard of living between states . 
  again , this really came much later . 
  there was n't really any sort of welfare state in the us in 1789 -- that was n't [ until the 1900s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/social_programs_in_the_united_states ) . 
  that describes the modern state of affairs , but not really the initial incarnation of the constitution . 
  also , there are still substantial differences in standard-of-living , and a number of important welfare programs are state . 
  although , sometimes via under-the-table routes , there has been a trend of moving state welfare to federal welfare . 
  for example , [ clinton moved people off of unemployment ( state ) whereupon they were often ( fraudulently ) picked up by disability ( federal ) programs ] ( http://apps.npr.org/unfit-for-work/ ) . 
  while this is a kind of sketchy way to go about doing this , it effectively shifted burden off poor states . 
  nah , / u/didijustobama has taken anti-eu positions for as long as i remember seeing his posts . 
  does n't `` two speed '' imply eventual integration at the same level ? 
  would `` two tier '' be closer to what the uk is talking about ? 
  ... then why present the issue as a `` vote to reject the expired proposal '' that will improve greece 's bargaining position ? 
  it 's not just the vote on a non-viable-option being silly , but runs the risk of getting a no vote , as happened . 
  why not just say `` do you want syriza to accept current terms , knowing that not doing so is likely to , at this point , result in a ez exit '' ? 
  that * would * have resulted in a yes , or at least been much more likely than the ballot as presented was . 
  the other possibility that seems plausible to me is that varoufakis is not telling the truth here . 
  greece 's government really wanted a no vote ( which makes sense to me , based on how the thing was presented to the greek public ) and expected that the troika would back down when faced with a grexit . 
  syriza turned out to be wrong , and greece was about to lose ez membership , so now they do n't want to look like they made an exceedingly-bad estimation of the troika 's positions by saying that they 'd * always * expected to do what they are now doing , and just wanted the public to grease the wheels . 
  that would also explain how after-the-fact the new deal was presented as what syriza was really looking for all along . 
  i 'd also be more-willing to believe that syriza had no idea what the troika 's positions were than that they did n't know how the greek public would vote -- i have a hard time imagining that a ruling party would go into a referendum like this without having done some sort of internal polling to determine what the vote would look like . 
  historically , the catholic church would have opposed all moneylending for profit anyway . 
  not sure when that doctrine formally changed ( or , more likely , was reinterpreted ... ), 
  i am not familiar with imf procedure , or with ecb procedure . 
  but i am getting a vague impression that the ecb ( or is it just ez members ? 
  i do n't understand the process by which the initial bailout flowed ) tried dumping losses on the imf , and that the imf is trying to transfer them back to the ecb . 
  that 's based on the fact that : * one of the papers analyzing the fallout that i 've read ( chicago university ) stated that europe might lose its permanent leadership of the imf , as there were imf members who were very unhappy with how greece was treated , and felt that it received special treatment because it was part of europe . 
  * the private lenders effectively unloaded losses onto the central banks and the imf ; the imf became involved because theoretically greece could have been rescued . 
  now it seems to me that the imf wants the ecb to eat losses that the imf took ( and possibly should n't have taken ) by having the ecb purchase greek debt owed the imf . 
  * the imf is resisting further imf money going into greece ; it 'd be fine with having the ecb purchase debt owed to the imf , though . 
  it feels kind of like hot potato has been played with the losses , and that at least some of the effort involved has really been to try to figure out how to shift those losses . 
  i also do n't totally understand the process by which the harm that lenders collapsing would have is evaluated , but certainly i got the impression that in the united states , lenders were effectively making use of us credit without actually having any such real obligation on the line . 
  that is , it seems like there 's an awful lot of work going on to shuffle losses around , and it seems like nations tend to be at the bottom rung in terms of resisting taking on losses . 
  on the other hand , i have not seen anyone who would be familiar with the processes involved say explicitly that losses are being juggled from party to party , aside from the initial transfer of losses from national banks to taxpayers in the greece situation . 
  i do wish i had some sort of plausible-sounding explanation , but it seems to require a lot of familiarity with what is reasonable and expected with these institutions in emergency situations . 
  also , there are unfortunately an awful lot of heated and angry , perhaps intentionally-biased or uninformed claims floating around that make it hard for me to make out what could be seen as legitimate and what could be seen as not legitimate . 
  the us units and the british imperial units are [ very close in value ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/comparison_of_the_imperial_and_us_customary_measurement_systems ) , though , and because these units have the same name and are typically only used outside a scientific context today , the fact that they can slightly differ is n't typically very interesting or even widely-known . 
  edit : well , okay , the diffference is n't widely-known in the us . 
  i do n't know what public familiarity is with the difference in the uk . 
  is this a * binding * referendum or a * non-binding * referendum ? 
  seems a bit important . 
  that does n't really answer / u/jtalin 's question , though -- why is an entirely new parliament required , rather than just having european parliament members who represent ez members also attend ez gatherings ? 
  why does creating a new , parallel structure benefit anyone ? 
  let 's say that this is done . 
  now there are two separate parliaments , with separate representation . 
  that seems like a recipe for fights over authority between the representatives belonging to each country . 
   by a wide margin well , the index might not be linear . 
  but i 'm wondering how meaningful a soft power index is that places singapore or the czech republic above china . 
  no offense , czechs , but china 's got an awful lot of economic oomph . 
  if that metric is a linear measure of something , so that it 's meaningful to sum the numbers for member countries , the eu is pretty darn powerful !, 
  / u/jackcarver may not know what a furlong is . 
  it 's ten chains , or 1/24th of a league . 
  well , you live in the area . 
  you tell me . 
  have the tensions that led to wars , uprisings , and genocide in the last hundred years been subsequently resolved ? 
  multiple of those , if you count both the holy roman empire and the eastern fragment of the roman empire . 
  it 's the bbc , a unit from the british empire , and the uk uses miles for road distances . 
  is n't that like saying that portugal has been so brazilianized that it speaks portuguese ? 
   let 's move the problem a few miles further and most definitely not solve it hmm . 
  i think that you 're being too negative . 
  the issue , from the uk standpoint , was trucks stopping at the tunnel mouth , and would-be illegal immigrants breaking in . 
  they can not break into trucks moving at speed . 
  by creating an area without pedestrians allowed for trucks to wait in , they do avoid the problem . 
  there 's a broader issue in that i agree that all schengen area countries should help deal with border issues at the outer rim of the schengen area , else there 's bad incentives ... but the uk also is n't a schengen area member , and apparently ( only learned this in the last couple days ) does contribute funds to border enforcement on the french side . 
  motorized , gps-using , robotic [ combine harvesters ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/combine_harvester ) are * kind * of pitchforks . 
   if it were a us state it would have already applied for bankruptcy and had its debts re-structured by a bankruptcy court , creditors be damned . 
  us states ca n't file for bankruptcy . 
  http://www.csg.org/pubs/capitolideas/enews/issue65_3.aspx  why ca n't states use the federal bankruptcy system to reorganize their debt ? 
    `` there are two reasons why state governments currently can not use the federal bankruptcy system to reorganize their debt . 
  first , the federal bankruptcy code does not allow -- and has never allowed -- state governments to declare bankruptcy . 
  since 1937 , the bankruptcy code has allowed ` municipalities ' to declare bankruptcy . 
  the term ` municipality ' is defined in the bankruptcy code as a ` political subdivision or public agency or instrumentality of a state . ' this definition is broad enough to include cities , counties , townships , school districts and public improvement districts . 
  it also includes revenue-producing bodies that provide services which are paid for by users rather than by general taxes , such as bridge authorities , highway authorities and gas authorities . 
  but it does not include state governments . 
    `` the second reason stems from the u.s. constitution . 
  the contracts clause of the u.s. constitution prohibits state governments from ` impairing the obligation of contracts . ' as originally understood and enforced , this clause prohibited state legislatures from passing any laws to relieve either private debt or the state government 's own debt . 
  beginning in 1934 , however , the supreme court began to interpret the contracts clause more flexibly and not as an absolute bar to state debt relief laws . 
  even under the flexible modern approach , however , the supreme court in 1977 reiterated that ` a state can not refuse to meet its legitimate financial obligations simply because it would prefer to spend the money ( on something else . 
  ) ' thus , were congress to amend the federal bankruptcy code to authorize states to repudiate debt , the supreme court would then need to decide the novel constitutional question of whether such debt repudiation would nonetheless violate the contracts clause of article i , section 10 . '', 
  the highly-critical-of-germany us sources i see are mostly center-leftists ( with the [ notable exception ] ( http://www.infowars.com/3-big-reasons-why-the-greek-debt-deal-is-really-a-german-trap/ ) of alex jones 's `` 3 big reasons why the ` greek debt deal ' is really a german trap '' -- alex is a right-wing conspiracy theorist ) . 
  there is n't really any meaningful far left in the us . 
  broadly-speaking , right websites seem to not be particularly interested or have much related traffic aside from a bit of gloating about leftists getting clobbered . 
  major traditional media ( center-left and center-right ) seems to not be particularly political . 
  thinkprogress is center-left ( albeit tied closely to the democratic party ) and seems to mostly be ignoring this , aside from a couple perspectives from the greek side . 
  the world socialist website is far-left and critical , but they seem split between [ criticizing germany ] ( https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2015/07/14/pers-j14.html ) and [ criticizing syriza for not fighting to the bloody end ] ( https://www.wsws.org/en/articles/2015/07/11/pers-j11.html ) . 
  i do n't think that there 's a coordinated marketing effort . 
  it 's just a lot of people latching onto something and interpreting it in a way that will get their audience riled up . 
   germany has been the biggest imbalance in world trade and number 1 danger , threatening the fragile economic system . 
  what ?
