  that 's the first really top-notch good piece of news i 've heard . 
  that promises really addressing the issues that the balkans have been facing , where people are tromping through them illegally to reach germany/sweden/etc . 
  it was addressable , and it 's ( at least potentially -- not enough details here ) what i 'd advocated for doing . 
  it has n't committed the eu to a minimum or a maximum . 
  i do n't know about the merits of the quotas or whether the numbers pulled in will be reasonable , but the elimination of encouraging the mass illegal migration through the balkans is a real plus and one of the things that could be most-easily-addressed . 
  i 'd expected it to end with national borders closing up , and this might actually provide for a gentle ending . 
  that will also curtail at least further intake into italy . 
  oh , i apologize -- i had thought that the post was intended to show why a concern over disease should n't be considered legitimate . 
  i did indeed misunderstand you . 
   europe glory days ended with rome , when barbarians trashed biggest empire the world has ever seen . 
    this continent will never become great again with the likes of you on the helm . 
  corruption , lobbying , social engineering , mass migrations , shutting down the will of people etc. 
  rome had corruption , lobbying , mass migrations , social engineering and did n't give a hoot about the will of the empire 's people . 
  france was in nato , but not part of the integrated military command . 
   there are already signs after the emergence of diseases highly dangerous and long unseen in europe i mean , my guess is that they * did * show up via past immigration ... but might not have been endemic in the population . 
  it 's just that this is a lot of people , they are n't being checked before or after arriving in europe , they 're traveling across europe in substantial numbers with limited sanitation in some areas , and have strong reason to not want to get held up in quarantine somewhere if sweden or germany might stop accepting new people at some point . 
  i mean , significant diseases being brought in via immigration is n't some fantasy fairy-tale : it does happen . 
  [ here 's a minor outbreak of measles in the us ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm6121a1.htm ) ( just from an arbitrary search for some example outbreak ) that was started by someone in a planeload of refugees who came to the united states and quickly spread to several other people . 
  in that case , it was caught and stopped pretty quickly . 
  if we get an outbreak that becomes uncontrollable , then it happens , and we 'll deal with it , but we put a lot of effort into eradicating ongoing pockets of the disease in the country , and it 's a lot less-expensive to maintain that situation by doing screening and treatment/quarantine on people coming into the country . 
   it was said that these kikes [ derogatory term for jews ] carry typhus . 
  frightening with parasites is the language of nazism . 
  kaczynski has to know , he is not an idiot i do n't understand the political context in poland well-enough to say much about the intent behind his statement , but whatever his rationale , i do n't think that the concern about disease showing up is incorrect . 
   the `` growing labor force '' is just a made up reason to calm the population . 
  i agree that it has more to do with a political fig leaf for whatever the actual rationale for the program is ( though i 've no idea whether `` political ego '' is the right reason , as that seems to me to over-simplify the ideas and goals of swedish policy-makers as much as the original statement ) , but the only thing i can do is to take the statement seriously and examine it as best i can . 
  if i feel that the statement is silly and say `` that 's just silly '' , someone can come along and say `` no it 's not ! '', 
  and we do n't get anywhere . 
   we have a growing population without immigration , you ca n't -- in 2007 , [ sweden had a tfr of 1.88 ] ( http://www.thelocal.se/20081103/15408 ) . 
  if it 's less than about 2.1 for a developed country like sweden , the population will shrink without immigration . 
  i agree that sweden on the whole has n't been shrinking , but that 's been because of its existing level of immigration , which has been gradually replacing the existing population . 
  http://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/sweden-restrictive-immigration-policy-and-multiculturalism  most immigration in the 1950s and 1960s was from neighboring nordic countries , with the largest numbers coming from finland . 
  however , since the early 1970s , immigration has consisted mainly of refugee migration and family reunification from non-european countries in the middle east and latin america . 
  in the 1990s , sweden received thousands of refugees from the former yugoslavia . 
  currently , about 12 percent of sweden 's population is foreign born . 
  you mean that sweden does n't need additional immigration beyond that which it is already receiving ? 
   famine i do n't agree on this point -- and honestly , i 'm often left a bit nonplussed by european concern over the ability to produce one 's food needs . 
  the us has huge agricultural output , so maybe it 's hard for me to appreciate , but ... europe is wealthy . 
  for the forseeable future , if the world did run short of food -- and i do n't think that climate change will have as great an impact as perhaps you do -- europe will be able to outbid other places for food . 
  there are places in the world that might run short , but not europe . 
  and * requiring * that domestic food production be capable of 100 % of the population 's requirements is an expensive thing to do , as it means that specialization can not be done across national boundaries : you ca n't have one country simply focus on the non-food thing that it produces best and turn in its food production . 
  if this is a real , legitimate concern for national leaders , i 'd think that there would be ways to address it , like creating large stockpiles of storable food , like flour and powdered milk , or establishing stronger guarantees to provide food or bans on use of blockades in wartime . 
  there 's also significant ability to increase food production if need be . 
  i remember an interesting article a while back with a fascinating statistic : the united states * alone * could , if need be , feed europe without even increasing current production simply by ending all meat consumption ( which is a very-inefficient use of staple grains ) and just eating the grains that would have been used to produce the meat . 
   he later said refugees should be checked for diseases and parasites , a comment that drew accusations of using ultra-nationalist , fascist imagery to fan hatred and fear . 
  [ ... um , the us does this ] ( http://www.cdc.gov/immigrantrefugeehealth/guidelines/refugee-guidelines.html ) . 
   many health conditions may affect the health of refugees ; therefore , cdc provides guidelines for health-care providers who may see refugees at any point during the resettlement process . 
  these guidelines aim to :   * promote and improve the health of the refugee  * prevent disease  * familiarize refugees with the u.s. health-care system   there are two major categories of the refugee health guidelines -- overseas and domestic . 
    the overseas medical screening guidelines are intended to provide panel physicians guidance on the overseas pre-departure presumptive treatments for malaria and intestinal parasites . 
  these screenings are usually conducted days to weeks before the refugee departs from his or her country of asylum . 
    the domestic medical screening guidelines are provided for state public health departments and medical providers in the united states who conduct the initial medical screening for refugees . 
  these screenings are usually conducted 30-90 days post-arrival in the united states . 
  that 's just reasonable from a communicable disease control standpoint : normally , developed countries * do * have disease under better control . 
  in this case , i 'd say that it 's of even more concern , because there is no form of pre-screening and people are on the move in crowds or living in camps , in many places without sanitation , in the open , and possibly with a less-than-ideal diet . 
  if they 're trying to avoid registration , they 're probably also wanting to avoid medical attention that might record them until they 're past the transit countries into their destination country . 
  iirc those were mormon polygamists ; polygamy has n't been legal in the us ( in fact , it caused quite a stink when the mormon-controlled utah , with a polygamous tradition , was incorporated into the us ) . 
  in the case of these countries , it 's coordinated with other countries . 
  you are n't going to get the eu and the us to refuse to trade with china . 
  edit : well , okay , you could , but not for the sort of thing that 's being talked about here . 
   typically , as well as arson , offenders are using weapons such as catapults with steel ball bearings , wooden clubs and butyric acid . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/butyric_acid  butyric acid is present in , and is the main distinctive smell of , human vomit . 
  [ 8 ] stink bombs , to further clarify . 
  i 'd mentally-confused that with the also-bad-smelling [ putrescine ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/putrescine ) , but i remembered them both being associated with a bad smell . 
  that map looks like someone just took photoshop and applied different types of gradients for the hell of it . 
  i think that his question to you is pretty legitimate . 
  let 's assume , for the sake of discussion , that there is some form of answer to the issues that are presently drive people to flee from syria , eritrea , pakistan , palestine , iraq that could be reliably , effectively and affordably-implemented -- that to date , countries thus far involved just have n't had the necessary insight to identify a solution . 
  let 's say that these countries have their uprisings , their wars and their harsh domestic policies fixed , their religious conflicts resolved , their standard-of-living raised to a level that is at least * close * enough to that of europe 's wealthier areas that there 's no reason to try to head there once a legal basis for getting in arrives . 
  that 's a pretty big task , but it 's at least theoretically-possible . 
  his question was what happens * next * time something happens in a country that might provide a legal rationale for claiming refugee status ? 
  what if it involves more-populous countries -- nigeria has a civil war , or india has a fight with china or pakistan ? 
  will those also be resolved , will there be an open-ended commitment to heal the ills of the world ? 
  because that 's no joke . 
  the us had no shortage of difficulties with the small portion of the world conflicts that it became involved with when it could operate with almost no opposition , and people were unhappy with the things that did n't turn out right as a result of those actions . 
  will germany take on a much-larger task ? 
  think of , just in europe alone , the conflict in serbia a few years back . 
  that involved small countries , in an area where nato would not see severe opposition and arguably had some grounds for involvement . 
  there 's still bad blood over that , and in fact people in the most-affected portions of the balkans still trying to make it out still form a significant chunk of people in the current crisis . 
  if * that * did n't run smoothly , how reasonable is it to simply plan to solve the rather-greater issues of the world ? 
  at the * very * least , you are proposing a terrific restructuring of the world 's political order , a very strong degree of involvement -- which may not be wanted by many peoples or countries . 
  what if your television tells you that a national leader is a dictator who treats his people poorly , as is happening in eritrea ? 
  well , it would be possible to remove him and then stand guard as elections are held . 
  but ... the us did that in iraq , and after the elected government asked the us to leave , the us did . 
  it then collapsed . 
  should germany and other countries re-invade , defeat the side that they view as most-responsible for the problems , and then construct a new government ? 
  how open-ended will the commitment to that regime 's stability be ? 
  what if it exhibits abuses ? 
  will germany take responsibility for identifying acceptable actions from national leaders and come in and throw that leader out ? 
  will it support the leader and then use economic force to push through changes ? 
  in vietnam , the us chose a leader who was n't communist to support -- but one who abused his power in many ways , and was extremely unpopular . 
  as uprising after uprising showed up , the us threw more money and military power in to support him and became widely-condemned at the time for supporting him . 
  i think that / u/jet20 's concern is that your answer sounds short and simple , and yet the costs and obligations that it entails may be far , far beyond the scope of what you may be thinking of : when nailed-down to specifics , it may be that there really is n't a viable approach there . 
   the solution is if you want to do anything else , and this government does , you have to borrow money . 
  that * is * one approach , and it sounds like that 's going to happen , but it 's not the only one -- it sounds like sweden is also going to be [ cutting services ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/22/us-europe-migrants-sweden-forecast-iduskcn0sg0i220151022 ) :  sweden will make across-the-board spending cuts and raise borrowing to cope with as many as 190,000 refugees fleeing war in countries such as syria and iraq this year , the government said on thursday . 
   the cyprus news agency reported that in a video released by the bases , two of the refugees claim to be palestinians and not syrians and that their final destination was germany . 
    the two men , cna said , claimed on camera that they were promised they would be taken to greece and from there to germany . 
  they also said that before arriving at akrotiri , they had been on the boat without any food and water for three days . 
  that 's interesting . 
  when i read the initial breaking news on the event , i thought that this was some human smuggler that had cleverly-identified reachable wealthy-country sovereign soil and thus a legal back door , but maybe landing at the base was just blind luck from launching illegal immigrants all over the med without much by way of navigation capabilities . 
  well , that announcement was four days old . 
  i 'm not sure when this video was taken , and my guess is that there 's some inertia in how quickly croatia can adapt to slovenia 's policy changes -- it does seem likely that this resulted from that announcement . 
  my guess is that if slovenia is truly accepting migrants without bound at the border crossings , that croatia will be sending them through those crossings from here on out -- as you say , croatia does n't gain anything from making life more-difficult for slovenia if slovenia is n't exposing croatia to risk of being caught with lots of migrants when borders start permanently-closing .
