  it 's not just about whether somewhere is popular but whether the potential growth has been lost . 
  that is n't necessarily reflected by a decrease in visitorship . 
   barcelona has n't even had a terrorist attack of any kind - nor has spain in general [ lol ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2004_madrid_train_bombings ) visitorship is no reflection of the quality of a destination . 
  mcdonald 's is not the highest quality eating establishment despite being the most visited . 
  europe 's capitals benefit from being non-reproducible and therefore despite seeing rises in various types of crime , and an erosion of their sociocultural identity , remain attractive holiday destinations . 
  also , many developing countries are seeing a rise in disposable income , and a rise in total population , thereby acting as a counter to the above simply through having a rapidly growing pool of tourists overall . 
  there are plenty of examples in the world of things becoming lower in quality and yet still ever more popular at the same time . 
  the answer was in the following sentence . 
  go on , give it another try , you can read the whole paragraph if you put your mind to it . 
   hungary doesnt have european values but a backwards far right culture `` backwards '' . 
  nice choice of word there , because in truth you would have to go backwards to get paris , barcelona , berlin etc into a state fit for anybody to want to visit them . 
  you 'd have to reverse the white guilt derived mass immigration from africa/middle east/south asia , reverse the dilution and degradation of national identity . 
  i 've visited all of the above and budapest . 
  if hungary is backwards , then i do n't want to go forward . 
  it 's not my personal respect , i am making a judgement from looking at how people talk about germany across the internet . 
  if you do n't think that the immigration crisis has not tarnished germany 's image , undermined its social identity and compromised its moral duty to its own citizens then you are in denial . 
  it might not be a big effect but it is significant . 
  but the worst part is the denial , the refusal to acknowledge what a big deal that is . 
  what a terrible change it is that your country feels like it has to accept these crimes as an inevitability , and that if you acknowledge them you 're just a racist . 
  german police admitted that they were asked to keep quiet about cologne . 
  no doubt they keep quiet about a lot of what else goes on . 
  it 's the elephant in the room and germany 's biggest problem is that it is still so guilt ridden over world war 2 that it thinks being completely acquiescent to a rise in sexual assaults like this is the solution to repairing and retaining its image , but it is mistaken and everybody around the world sees through this facade of tolerance as a mere act of cowardice and shame . 
  you obviously care enough to respond , maybe i 've hit a nerve . 
  the only thing happening is labour shooting itself in the foot by pissing off its northern vote base . 
  it 's also hilariously hypocritical of sadick to criticise scotland while sympathasing with the retarded cohort of london secessionists . 
  no , it was just the end of the period where anybody had any respect for your country 's ability to be civilised . 
  now germany will acquiesce to any amount of immigrant derived crime because what it fears the most is looking racist , rather than the citizenry being sexually predated and the moral integrity of your country being eroded . 
  you were n't looking in cologne on new years eve the other year, 
  `` it is time comrades to be even more determined at completely destroying our sociocultural identity !, 
  never shall people accuse us of being intolerant . 
  we tolerate unmitigated immigration . 
  we tolerate mass sexual assaults . 
  we tolerate the loss of germanic identity . 
  we must tolerate these things because a few decades ago , hitler fucked it all up and ever since then , we 've been feeling guilty to the point where we must let all social problems attached to immigrants go completely unquestioned , because surely this is the perfect answer to atoning for our history . '', 
  it 's amazing really that germany 's left wing , and all those who support it , are actually more successful at destroying germany than the allied forces put together . 
   to put things into perspective , the uk ha a growth of 2.0 % in 2016 . 
  taking away 0.4 % from the financial sector alone means a reduction of almost 25 % in growth . 
  it 's amazing that somebody like you who actually has the audacity to theorise about economics on / r/latestagecapitalism ( who i assume are similarly financially illiterate ) would show such total ineptitude at grasping basic economics . 
  0.4 % off of gdp . 
  not growth . 
  and even if it was growth , you still would have totally miscalculated because it would not be * percentage points * either but * percent * , there 's a difference , look it up . 
  sorry you 've yet to convince me that our economy is due to `` die '' ( your term ) due to a drop in gdp of 0.4 % . 
  care to explain how that would equate to an economic death ? 
  so i am supposed to believe your `` 30 % of the economy '' dogshit over pricewaterhousecoopers , who are one of the world 's largest financial services experts ? 
   pwc can not make accurate predictions , ** no one can atm ** . 
  no , but i see you 've made a neat exception for yourself there . 
   finance is quite singular : facilitating interest payments for capital investment . 
  no it is n't . 
  you 're talking about banking . 
  financial services also includes : * accounting * insurance * legal services * management consulting * hedge funds a small fraction of financial services is represented by banking . 
  and no , banking is not the uk 's biggest export . 
  the question is : how big is that hit ? 
  it 'll contribute to a reduction of 0.4 % off our gdp . 
  so , a hill of beans basically . 
  sounds like you do n't either , as the financials services industry contributes about 2 % less to our gdp than our transport and distribution industry . 
  your argument is that the uk 's economy is solely supported by the financial services industry , and yet you are objectively incorrect in that statement . 
  i 'm not actually making any kind of an argument yet , i 'm just addressing the various falsehoods that you are making . 
  alright , well you 're wrong there as well , as our transport and distribution sector is 2 % bigger . 
  the financial services * sector * is not a `` single product '' . 
  it is a * sector * . 
  like our transport and distribution * sector * ; which is 2 % larger by comparison . 
  and if we 're talking about just the exports , consider that fs exports are about half the size of our machinery and electrical product exports . 
  so , no , by any measure , financial services are not our biggest product , sector , export , or anything else . 
  yes , i did make a point . 
  you said that financial services was `` our biggest product to a huge degree '' . 
  my point is that you 're objectively incorrect . 
   and it was the main product of england , to a huge degree  now they have to find somethign else than finance or die . 
  financial services contribute under 10 % of our gdp . 
  would you class your comment as `` dumb , oriented reporting '' , by the way ? 
  edit : ## amazing is n't it that the august geniuses at / r/europe will upvote a comment which states that the uk will need to `` find something else than finance or die '' , when pricewaterhousecoopers estimate that brexit will reduce that sector 's contribution to our gdp by 0.4 % . 
  you might also note that financial services are not our biggest sector , in fact transport and distribution is , and that in terms of our exports , it is half the size of the value of machinery and electrical products . 
  but please do continue spreading vacuous bullshit and upvoting baseless opinion pieces by people who are trying their hardest to convince themselves that brexit will be anything more than a storm in a teacup . 
  no more than 5 % non-ethnic swede population total would be a start and a complete moratorium on immigration from all 2nd world muslim countries and all 3rd world countries . 
   pan european nationalism does not compute . 
  exactly , all of the studies show that the cologne sex attacks are in fact an old german tradition going back hundreds of years . 
  it 's just media bias * as usual * . 
  tell that to the parents of the victims . 
  lol, 
   eastern countries should be treated so that they feel included . 
  err . . do you realise all of those countries want absolutely nothing to do with your social marxist ideas ? 
  their reaction to the migrant crisis should tell you that despite liking the free money from the eu , they do n't want to pay the eu back by allowing in north africa and the middle east . 
  and who can fucking blame them ? 
   we integrate refugees how are you going to do that when you 've yet to achieve this with the existing migrants ? 
  i do n't see why scientist exchange programmes depend on eu membership . 
  i mean there have been international exchange programmes for all kinds of professions since the birth of the nation state . 
  well ... try voting for a party that funds science well . 
   uk universities receive # 500 million per year from the eu or in other words ... a couple weeks worth of eu contributions . 
  which we can divert straight back into them . 
  funny you should mention this , because this is known as eu regulation no . 
  604/2013 - also known as the dublin regulation . 
  you might note that the european union completely ignores it . 
  so much for those august technocrats . 
  [ thanks nigel ] ( http://media-assets-03.thedrum.com/cache/images/thedrum-prod/public-news-tmp-77017-farage_0--default--300.png ) . 
  `` populist '' - the pejorative term your neoliberal globalist thought lords give to anybody that dares to question their social marxist ideology that they assume is in our best interests . 
  i think we reach very much a moment of clarity when this word is used , because the people who use it actually have the audacity to think that their political ideology is superior to that of the collective public who might choose a political candidate whose policies better appeal to their own interests - another word for this is actually `` democratic '' . 
  and that 's why i voted brexit . 
  amazing how / r/europe tries so hard not to care about britain despite it making most of the headlines here . 
  i am sure the financial services sector is positively clamoring to relocate itself to an area that proposes imposing a per-trade tax on their operations . 
  well i suppose i can give you credit that you just said `` standards '' without having to confess that these standards are evidently the lowest attainable for an entire class of some of its most important exports . 
  well do n't worry .
