  the point is that / r/europe ca n't face down its own hypocrisy . 
  so it 's ok to be prejudiced against muslims , that 's the / r/europe approved brand of racism , is it ? 
  the point i 'm making is that / r/europe , and the liberal hugbox of reddit in general has a clear double standard on the brexit issue , and it appears that they can fling around the words `` racist '' and `` xenophobic '' with wild abandon when describing brexit supporters but when a policy like this comes up , all of a sudden it 's just fine to undermine the cultural traditions of other religions and races . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  yes no dissenting opinions here please , like all other political subreddits we 'd rather you did n't challenge anybody here on their shit ideas but instead accepted them so the hugbox is not disrupted . 
  another reason for britain to leave the eu is to avoid xenophobic bigotry like this . 
  edit : does anybody have a substantial argument against my point or is it just the case that in / r/europe `` it is n't racist when we do it ! '', 
  so this is the final decision on the issue , and it will never be revisited , right ? 
  na m8 . 
  not sure we 'll want much more of the stuff with all these french sour grapes , though . 
   boris is a posh twat there 's that tolerant , loving and open armed left again !, 
  cornish clotted cream, 
   you have been preaching the mantra of unfeathered capitalism since at least the thatcher era . 
  who is `` you '' ? 
  is every person from the united kingdom all derived from one hive minded entity ? 
  is it not possible for the population of the united kingdom to express a different view to their own government ? 
  actually this is one of the most grinding fallacies that i see on these forums , where people generalise the mindset and intentions of governments to their populace . 
  it 's reductionist as hell and does n't convey and nuance to any debate . 
  cut it out . 
  your comment about the free market obviously demonstrates your total lack of understanding of the uk 's planning system , which is fair enough as i do n't see why most people would trouble themselves to understand it unless they worked in planning ( like i do ) . 
  simply put , if you have all the jobs in cities , and all the cities surrounded by no build areas , and all the cities filled with people who are sufficiently empowered to resist building upwards , who are governed by a conservative political elite ( 44 % of whom are landlords ) who have a vested interest in constraining supply to derive greater rents , then you see the problem becomes obvious , and the concerns of the poor and disenfranchised really rather understandable . 
  if the uk government takes away our ability to vote for a government that actually provides for its indigenous population rather than gives it all away to people from elsewhere , then you can imagine that when given the chance to put a stop to it wherever they can , they will do so . 
  the eu referendum affords them one such possibility , as it would precipitate the removal of ties from an area that could n't give a shit about even upholding its own human rights act obligation to secure the `` right to property '' - guess that does n't apply to the residents of the uk , huh !, 
  then we can vote ukip , who were described in the previous election by the royal institute of chartered surveyors as having `` the only serious policy in this election to address the uk housing crisis '' . 
  people wo n't vote for them though , because all of the above argument is supposedly racist . 
  lol . 
  so you honestly think a bit of paper is enough to stop that from happening . 
  there were similar bits of paper hanging around pre-nazi germany to stop them from assembling a large military . 
  that worked out well . 
  so instead of having a great deal of completely independent nation states , we 'll have one giant megastate , with a soon to be formed european army . 
  who controls that army , then ? 
  what 's to stop that from being coopted ? 
  `` so you 're one of those cretins who think that the actions of a few members of a group reflects on the whole group huh . '', 
  caught this nasty little comment after it was deleted . 
  well , no i do n't believe that at all . 
  but here are my options in assessing the migrant situation : 1 ) let refugees in and suffer thousands more incidents of rape and sexual assaults on european indigenous population as a `` necessary evil '' of aiding whatever unknown fraction of the refugees may be seeking asylum . 
  2 ) concede that human charitable need is infinite ( where were you last year and every year before that when 300,000 children worldwide were dying of starvation every year ? 
  ) , refuse entry to all refugees and uphold the reasonable expectation that our elected national leaders should act to ensure the safety of its vulnerable members of society * first * , before considering the requirements of other exogenous groups . 
  i much prefer the second option , actually . 
  there is an ethical obligation that those who did not choose to be born into this country , who have worked hard to pay taxes to fund their government should be the ones who are looked after first . 
  it is admittedly a small , but nonetheless significant fraction of the migrant population who harbour ambitions of savagery , and yet when i see polls of attitudes by our existing muslim population about how they see homosexuals ( a recent poll suggested that 100 % , yes , every single muslim surveyed out of thousands thought that homosexuality was unacceptable `` under any circumstances '' ) i must come to the conclusion that any number of them entering the country poses some risk , however small , of undermining the principles of safety , security and liberal tolerance that define our country 's greatest attributes . 
  to acquiesce to such an express threat on our society is a total affront to women in the eu that you can not seriously consider yourself to be a true liberal if you are to throw their safety to the wind to bolster your own completely egotistical idea of viewing humanity as one equal , flat mass when in face of the evidence before us , nothing could be further from the actual truth . 
  if we are remaining , and you voted to remain , and we subsequently suffer an uptick in migrants from eu/soros pressure , and thereby observe an increase in sexual assaults in the uk , then you have acquiesced to that . 
  you have enabled that woman to be raped . 
  you were party to it . 
  you chose to ignore her pleas , her rights to her own bodily sanctity , to further indulge your own cowardly efforts to save face on your hyperliberality . 
  anything to protect that insufferable ego of yours . 
  the cost of the lives of women is not too much a price to pay for that in your eyes . 
  this is why the new right are so indignant about the situation . 
  whereas you view yourself as being bold , strong and tolerant you are in fact a coward of the worst kind : unable to stand by any real convictions or principles that are worthwhile , but instead doggedly defending an ideology that is acquiescent to crimes against your fellow countrymen . 
  how thoroughly reprehensible . 
  and yet you have the audacity to insult me . 
  beyond pathetic . 
  what 's to stop a dictator from rising to the ranks of president of the european union , then ? 
  look at that , the uk at number 3 , that 'll be us being prejudiced again , hey !, 
   yet no one can label you a racist . 
  and because that 's the only fucking argument the left even have , it completely disarms you as well . 
  no mention of the reasons why the british find the mass immigration from central europe to be so concerning . 
  nothing said about how 3-4 migrants to a house outcompete an indigenous couple out of the housing market , so they ca n't afford to start a family . 
  no mention made of how it is , perhaps , unfair that the working classes of the uk are having their living standards and job opportunities eroded . 
  but that 's their fault , they chose to be born in this country , right ? 
  right ? 
  how prejudiced !, 
  to you it 's all an easy problem to solve because instead of having any real intellectual engagement of the issue , you 'd rather brandish the only shitty sword you have which is to bash objectors with the `` prejudice '' label and think you 've done a day 's work . 
  soros does n't know there 's wo n't be a polling station at glasto . 
  i sure as hell hope we get off this sinking ship and fast . 
  i guess they 're having a little cry over at / r/unitedkingdom , a subreddit where liberal tolerance is enforced with extreme prejudice . 
  although on the surface of it this seems like an idea with certain interesting opportunities , i really must question the operational efficacy of the enlistment of 600 giant squid in the european army . 
  surely they had security on every corner after charlie hebdo . 
  what good does that do ? 
  people overestimate the power of the police . 
  it takes a matter of seconds to kill a vast number of people and minutes for the police to arrive . 
  security today is about making sure your population does n't harbour a large population of individuals who hate your country . 
  too late for europe . 
  to be honest if spain and portugal started throwing out brits on the back of them being too indolent to learn the language , i 'd laugh . 
  it 's a shame as well because it 's often the working class , coarser type brits who are drawn to this region so unfortunately it drags the whole image of the british down on the continent . 
  although in fairness the number of fat dumb brits who inhabit the uk is basically the majority . 
  oh come on , it 's just cheeky bants m8, 
  tony blair decided to give these people free money to breed as much as possible . 
  the middle classes have simply been outbred . 
   what are you talking about ? 
  terrorism has been on a decline for years using the data from that wikipedia page , since 1970 , there have been 35 terrorist attacks . 
  at an average rate of 0.72 attacks per year , both 2015 and 2016 were above that average ( 2 and 3 attacks respectively ) , which would demonstrate an increase , not a decline . 
  the last 5 terrorist attacks have all been associated with islamic terrorism . 
  this does n't fit with your narrative of it being a decline , or with religious terrorism being rare . 
  in fact in europe every single major terrorist incident in the 21st century has been associated with islamic terror , apart from anders breivik , which arguably was a response to islamic terror . 
  i agree for the most part , this happened via the commonwealth , i 'm not even saying that i agree with the rationale of many who voted to leave , but the problem is that the uk had already suffered from this problem , and then when bataclan , nice , brussels , cologne etc happened , this pretty much lead to a fear induced reaction . 
  ok , but you say `` many of those predators '' . 
  i would say a significant number of them are in political circles , entertainment circles and more recently attached to the pizzagate stuff . 
  i agree and i try to spread this info across the web when possible . 
  but , on the other hand is the fact that labour politicians in the uk deliberately censored and hid a much larger child exploitation network which was perpetrated almost entirely by pakistani muslims ( with upwards of 100,000 victims ) . 
  not to downplay the political sex rings , but this is a much larger and more diffuse problem that is centered around the muslim exploitation of white children , and also the political culture of censorship that allows it to happen . 
  then we had the muslim mass sexual attack at cologne the other year . 
  then there is the more diffuse problem of muslim rape in sweden , elsewhere in germany , everywhere really . 
  what exactly are you referring to here ? 
  sadly i ca n't because it 's all been downvoted to the point of non-visibility . 
  welcome to the ~ ~ democracy ~ ~ forced consensus of reddit . 
  lol, 
  in the k\u00fcbler-ross model : * denial * anger * bargaining < -- you are here * depression * acceptance, 
  not quite .
