  my favourite type of logic . 
  `` ukrainian military is on their own territory fighting with our military , i guess we must defend ourselves ! '', 
  i agree , it 's getting ridiculous . 
  and yes , i know many people are just joking but still . 
  you ca n't do , have or like anything unpopular those days without being called a hipster . 
  i got called a hipster once because i have an old bike , wtf !? 
  it 's much more popular amongst people from the us though . 
  please , explain more op , we do n't understand !, 
  explain once again, 
  not really ... we have like half million ukrainians now . 
  actually , our western borders are very close to what they were over 1000 years ago , when poland was founded . 
  the only thing i downvoted was your comment . 
  omg , naked people , the world is going to end !, 
  except its not . 
  99 % of their territory is n't in europe , and their culture is n't european either . 
  i dont get why people want to put turkey in europe , i like turkey but it 's just not in europe , i dont get how can we even argue about that ... 
  no nordic countries , especially iceland in the top ? 
  spain 3rd ? 
  andorra 98th ? 
  serbia and israel safer than norway and denmark ? 
  their jobs !, 
  they left eventually . 
  sucecssful counters ? 
  like what . . ? 
  helped rebuilding ? 
  lol , yeah , thanks , we are tryin to get rid of that ugly archetecture till now . 
  i dont see how not giving a fuck about your work or scearing people is a good thing . 
  yes , some people also put all western european countries into the same bag , but its way less common than people on the west thinking all central/eastern european countries are the same . 
  im pretty sure that most poles knows that denmark and the netherlands are not the same and neither is luxembourg and switzerland . 
  ive never seen anyone saying `` netherlands ? 
  oh doesnt matter , its the same '' , but i did hear it many times in the netherlands ( i live here ) about poland . 
  `` poland ? 
  yeah , whatever , its the same '' . 
  they think its dangerous in poland even though homicide rate is on western eu average , my friend asked me once if its true that people are getting robbed on the highways in poland that often , when i told him its silly to think that he said `` or maybe it was ukraine ? 
  whatever '' . 
  i had many situations like this unforunately :p also , east is not more fragmented . 
  ukraine , russia are bigger than most countries in the west . 
  poland is bigger than italy , close to france and spain , romania isnt that small either . 
  not a specific country , for many we are just `` eastern european '' , because obviously it 's all the same , just like all countries in western europe are the same ( not ) :p, 
  haha , thats so cool !, 
  never heard of it . 
  sure , we found a target , it 's not like those things are actually happening and there are even statistics to prove that native swedes commit much less crimes , but yeah , it 's just racist us , it 's not like they even call bandages racist because they are only white : http://www.friatider.se/svenska-plaster-ar-for-ljusa-anklagas-for-rasism its all in our heads ... 
  personally , netherlands and nordic countries , especially iceland . 
  one crime of that type from white person vs constant crimes by ... some others . 
  no race is saint but one would have to be blind to not see that imigration is cousing problems ( im not talking about ops article ) . 
  countries have to be more selective and strict about that , but its just my opinion . 
  nothing , they were invaded by ukraine but the terrible western propaganda made it look like it was russians invading them !, 
  thats basically what he 's saying . 
  again , no . 
  it 's like saying you can understand danish if you speak dutch , because they are in the same group of languages . 
  of course it will be easier for you to learn the language from the same group , but saying you can understand polish `` quite well '' if you speak any slavic language is so incorrect that im not even gon na argue about it . 
  prices in poland are on eu level ? 
  you must be joking , we are one of the cheapest countries not only in eu but also in the region . 
  people from literally every country we border with come to us to buy food and other things , even from belarus and ukraine where wages are much lower . 
  almost 1/3 of poles speaks russian ? 
  where did they get those numbers from ? 
  i 'd be surprised if it would be 10 % . 
  except they are not similar . 
  you ca n't understand russian besides single words here and there if you only speak polish , its impossible to have a conversation knowing only one of those languages . 
  ive seen many people do it , `` oh yeah , that word sounds familiar , and this one too , i totally speak russian ! '' . 
  no , youre not , you understood 2 words out of few sentences . 
  `` saved '' lol, 
  and so does the countries in the eu , but it does n't mean it will always be like this , like i said , developing countries are catching up . 
  switzerland is n't a good example either , it 's not in the eu , but its surrounded by eu which makes it safe from military point of view , and it has a strong economy because it works with countries in the eu . 
  without them , switzerland would n't do much , and thats the point of europe working together . 
  thats nonsense !, 
  we do clean there !, 
  it 's not about the military , its about the economy ... you think your economy has a chance against the biggest countries in this world ? 
  not to mention that latin america and big part of asia is slowly catching up . 
  sorry , but a small country in europe ca n't do shit alone . 
  it 's like texas would leave the states , who do you think would care about it then ? 
  what texas alone could do ? 
  now , all the states together can do a lot . 
  same with the eu . 
  err ... 
  that makes no sense whatsoever xd, 
  i know the reason , it 's just it is n't the first thing people in poland think about when thinking about the uk , imo . 
  i 'm sure more people would think about the tea or migration than traitors :p, 
  sorry , but most of those are not true . 
  who sees iceland as a canada in poland ? 
  ireland and potatoes ? 
  norway and refrigerators ? 
  switzerland and weirdos ?!, 
  most people would n't think of a traitor when thinking about the uk either . 
  what is it based on ? 
  one persons personal opinion ? 
  a map where poland is shown as something positive , i 'm in tears !, 
  just making more money means nothing if you also have to pay more ... 
  horrible eastern european economies ? 
  we have one of the fastest growing economies ... 
  its not just because of negative connotation , its because its just geographically wrong . 
  how is czech republic in the east but austria and germany on the west ? 
  or poland in the east , when its literally in the middle ? 
  it could as well be west . 
  similar with estonia . 
  it 's just people in western europe calling everything `` east '' . 
  what makes you think its better to compare real numbers and not ppp ? 
  more like the other way around . 
  well , it depends of the country too , some countries are safer , but its definitely not like many people in the west seems to think it is :p, 
  they dont ?
