  so all those statistics and info are from nowhere ? 
  because all countries in easter europe are the same , just like the netherlands and belgium are the same / s, 
  you 're saying that as if poland would be dangerous in the first place , while it is n't , its about west eu average . 
  such a burn !, 
  nice , nice . 
  who the hell would argue about iceland being in europe ? 
  the graph does n't say that . 
  it shows all the population , prostitutes in lithuania may still have the highest % , 
  lets not exaggerate . 
  many of the central/eastern european countries were doing fine after 1990 , like poland , czech republic , slovakia etc. 
  we had to get to a certain level before joining eu in the first place , it 's not like they accepted us while we were at the level of ukraine . 
  please , stop . 
  eastern eu union ? 
  why not just eu then ? 
  we would obviously be less important than the eu , so why even bother ? 
  stop giving that one , stupid example as a standard for whole central and eastern europe . 
  prices are not as they are in the west and salaries are not as they were . 
  im sorry about your relative getting 140 euro , but we are talking about millions of people here , not just one of your friends . 
  i think it is stupid , because it 's simply impossible to catch up with the rest of europe in such a short time , your expectations are just ridiculous . 
  salary is the same as it was in su ? 
  i dont even know how to answer to that . 
  clearly all the statistics made about the eu are a lie , and youre telling the truth . 
  prices as in the west of the eu ? 
  have you ever been there ? 
  please , check your facts before making statements like this , because its just not true . 
  as a pole id say , we dont want people like you in the eu . 
  eu did a lot of good for us , if you cant see it , you must be blind . 
  your hate for eu is covering your eyes and you can clearly see it in your posts . 
  bulgaria were doing ok before eu ? 
  please ... 
  where the hell did you get those numbers from ? 
  if that would be true , there would be like 34mln people left in poland , and its about 37mln . 
  do n't exaggerate to make your point . 
  so youre probably from bulgaria or romania . 
  you really expect to reach west eu level in a few years or what ? 
  i just dont get it why people post stupid things like that . 
  not to mention that the cost of living is also very different . 
  do n't be too harsh on yourself , i think you 're doing good . 
  you ca n't always please everyone . 
  comparing those two is pretty stupid and low . 
  iceland had one but it 's not there anymore , so there . 
  the amount of pro-russian propaganda in the comments is sad . 
  because one of the hundreds comments here is about the us ? 
  obsessed as fuck . 
  sounds like him . 
  please , dont take him seriously , im so ashamed he 's even there , he surely wont make poland look better . 
  this . 
  like it 's eu 's and especially germany 's fault that greece has problems . 
  oh , poor greece , eu just want their death while they did nothing wrong !, 
  netherlands is very clean compared to ... most of he world really . 
  yeah , but they had quite a lot of time to do something and they didnt and now they blame eu ? 
  exactly . 
  blaming te rest of eu for what is happening there is just disrespectful . 
  sensible ? 
  not doing anything while their economy is collapsing is sensible ? 
  literally . 
  eu pumped quite a lot of money to greece and its not getting better , not because of eu but because of greece . 
  what else are they suppose to do ? 
  just give them money for eternity ? 
  no , just no . 
  you ca n't blame other countries for russia not being able to take care of itself when it was in a better situation than most central and eastern european countries , yet they managed to get out of the shit that russia put them in . 
  `` democracy '' . 
  oh , so its our fault that russia fucked up their chance , because west is suppose to babysit russia after 1990 . 
  now it make sense . 
  or you know , they are not it the european union . 
  i guess i was n't clear . 
  i do n't think people in europe think that uk is like the us , at least most of us do n't , if anything , it 's the uk that separates itself from the rest of europe . 
  although if i would have to name a country in europe that is most similar to the us , it would be uk because of the shared language , part of culture and mentality . 
  and thats where the similarities ends . 
  everything else is different , culture , mentality , language ... 
  i think it 's usually people in the uk who thinks they are closer to the us than eu . 
  eu fights for power ? 
  what ? 
  how ? 
  thats exactly what happend when poland let them in, 
  we had to have a stable economy to join eu in the first place , so yes , eu funds helps but its not a reason why its going well . 
  somehow billions of people menages to do that . 
  stop putting all religions to one basket, 
  it 's kind of unfair calling us all `` eastern europeans '' and putting us to the same bag . 
  it 's like i would say `` western europeans started world wars '' . 
  countries in ee are just as different as those in we . 
  im not sure what is he talking about , never heard about italian girls being fat . 
  eu 's behaviour ? 
  lol, 
  umm , but it 's only about krakow in the south which is in the valley and its also next to industrial part of poland , air in most poland is normal/good , so i do n't know what youve been feeling . 
  exaggerating much ? 
  i agree with you , europe has to unite eventually . 
  not now , but in the future , there is no way we will stand a chance against other superpowers if we 'll keep being a continent with dozens of small countries . 
  it worked for a long time , but world changed , we are not the only ( or one of a few ) developed part of the world anymore , the rest is already there with us or catching up . 
  but you wont find many people thinking like that in this thread , one crisis and people are already freaking out . 
  each country in the world , including those in europe , has problems and make mistakes , but when eu as a whole does , it 's the end of the world . 
  by their logic , no country in europe should exists , because we are not perfect and we all have problems . 
  well , it is quite different , it just so happend that rysy is spelled the same . 
  people from anglosphere should really get out sometimes and see that theres more in this world than english . 
  funny how for russia nothing that comes from poland is good enough , even our apples quality is not good enough for them . 
  they all live like kings there !, 
  he was talking about craftyspastic i guess, 
  dont mind him , he talks shit like this about poland on every article , even not related to poland . 
  2400 pln is hard to get in poland ? 
  lol , good joke , its not even average .
