  but why should they stay permanently and not until its safe in their country ? 
  as if that would stop them !, 
  looking at hdi + gdp ppp per capita gives a much better idea of how rich and developed a country is . 
  yeah but gdp does n't really say anything , china is second but it 's not a rich country . 
  with the attitude they have , are you surprised people dont like the idea of having them ? 
  if they shit on your country after you try to help them , it does n't give a good impression . 
  what protests ? 
  who didnt want them ? 
  they were welcomed there and they gave them everything they have , apparently it was not enough . 
  wow , 60 euro is like max people pay here . 
  cost of living is also much lower , its not like you earn 700 euro and pay 500-1000 euro for rent , like in the west . 
  us is not the richest country in the world ... 
  the difference is , western countries and companies are not forced to take them . 
  you are not forced to spend money on integrating poles and giving them houses and money , they go there , work and pay taxes like everybody else . 
  deported , lol . 
  that would be racist !, 
  id give you gold but i have to invest there as well !, 
  oh , i meant western europe , but good to know it 's different there !, 
  germany for you : `` take those money from the eu who were suppose to be spend on improving your country and spend it on illegal migrants who calls themselves refugees !, 
  also , there is no please and thank you , you basically have to !, 
  shh , it 's all thanks to us . 
  so they can try to get the best of life and thats normal , but we ca n't ? 
  we have to pay for others and downgrade our lifes ? 
  seems like every single syrian has a relative or a friend in germany/sweden . 
  it 's ok , they 'll accept you anyway . 
  yeah , i was surprised how people in the west see poland ( and basically all central and eastern european countries ) . 
  buildings falling apart , poor people everywhere , grey and dull , no good doctors ( my friend was surprised when i told him i wan na go to dentist in poland instead of the one in the netherlands : `` do you have any good dentists there ? 
  '' , he asked ) . 
  sometimes i wish i could buy them all a ticket to poland so they can see it 's not that bad , i mean , we even have electricity , 
  our economy is actually one of the fastest growing in europe , but of course we still have a lot to do to catch up . 
  and no , its not nearly as bad as many people think , its just that their image of poland is the same as it was 20-30 years ago . 
  good one !, 
  somehow poland was good enough for many migrants from ukraine or vietnam , but its not enough for refugees ? 
  they are just not refugees and should be sent back where they came from . 
  i dont think youve ever been in centeal/eastern europe . 
  sure its not as rich as the west but most of them , especially those in the eu are far from being as bad as people on the west seems to think . 
  people seems to think about those countries as it was 20-30 years ago . 
  its safe , unenployement is low , and in countries like czech republic , poland , slovakia , estonia etc you can get a job and live normal life , 37 + million poles menages it somehow , but refugees cant ? 
  also , not many people from e europe acctually migrate forever , most of them are seasonal workers to get some money and then they go back to their `` horrible '' countries . 
  are you talking about kids from russia or poland ? 
  because you know , it 's not the same thing  how is it that some speak it well and others do n't though ? 
  do n't they have the same amount of hours of lithuanian at school ? 
  just curious . 
  and of course you 're right , they should speak lithuanian very well if they are born and live there . 
  25 years ago it was , just for the sake of not being left out . 
  but today is not 25 years ago . 
  it 's not like they do n't learn and know the language already , they want them to spend 800 more hours on it though . 
  2 mln , and that includes people taken or people migrating to germany during/before war , if we 're talking about todays poland with 38,5 mln population , about 36,5-37mln is still in poland , so 1,5-2mln is on migration . 
  huh ? 
  how ? 
  when ? 
  it would be about 4-5 mln people , where in reality about 1,5-2 migrated , which is about 4-5 % of the population . 
  and even if it would be true about 11 % of the people migrating , it still leaves about 90 % of polish people not facing those stereotypes ... 
  again , most people did n't migrate and did n't face those stereotypes , so they understand the situation the same way as most people in europe . 
  it 's not like all polish people migrated , 95 % of the people didnt move their asses from poland , people in poland have a right to complain just as much as others . 
  eu still needs to pay for them , no matter if they stay 1 year or 10 . 
  also , i do n't see how does it change the fact that they are breaking the law by lying about being refugees . 
  what ? 
  more like the other way around . 
  `` you do n't agree with me so you hate morals and ethics '' . 
  most of the people here has nothing against refugees , the problem is , most of those people are just migrants , not refugees . 
  it 's not really as religious as statistics provided by the church itself say ... me and most of my friends are not christian , yet according to church we are because we 've been baptised . 
  all of them ? 
  did you ask them ? 
  also , not every swede and not every german is uber rich , stop generalising . 
  nationalistic ? 
  seriously ? 
  because they dont want to pay for millions of migrants every year ? 
  its like saying youre racist because you didnt let a homeless black guy stay in your house after he entered without permission . 
  that 1 % will become 20 in 20 years, 
  even if they do , it doesnt mean they should . 
  people there are working just as hard as we do and then part of their money is given to migrants from africa , whatever they like it or not . 
  if they are economic migrants then they are not refugees and shouldnt get a free housing and money . 
  none of those countries are , they wouldnt run otherwise ... 
  how about people stop telling european countries what they should do and who should they let in . 
  its like forcing japan to take half million chinese , becauce if they wont they are xenophobic and unhumane, 
  you missed the almost half million that were not denied . 
  its nowhere near `` most of todays poland '' . 
  what does it have to do with what i said ? 
  poland is now relatively rich , one of the richest countries in the world , no matter how silly it sounds for always-complaining people in poland , and yet we still have a big growth . 
  that 's not true at all , poland is actually one of the countries that restores the most . 
  look at skyscrapercity , there are entire threads dedicated to building renovations in poland . 
  sure , joining eu helped a lot but we were doing very well before that as well , we had a lot of growth from 1990-2004 . 
  also , you have to have a stable economy before joining eu , not after ... 
  europeans are obsessed with donald ? 
  seriously ? 
  who gives a fuck about him here ? 
  and yet you keep doing it and supporting putin ... 
  my language is harder than yours * rage *, 
  both starts with the b , must be the same !, 
  i do n't know why you were downvoted , it was funny as hell :d maybe people outside of our part of europe just did n't get it , 
  even then , this theory just does n't work in europe . 
  religion does n't seems to have anything to do with it in europe . 
  poland , italy , france ... 
  they are all religious and have a low birth rate . 
  and the uk . 
  and the netherlands . 
  and basically whole eu . 
  icelandic and finnish, 
  so because ukrainians do it too its ok for russians to opress ukrainians ?
