i thought it was andorra ... 
  jan is a polish version of jon while \u015anieg means snow . 
  got referance, 
  but there are different muslims ... !, 
  haha , i died !, 
  ill start using it from now on, 
  it wasnt delivered to him personally = no tea in whole country . 
  it wasnt delivered to him personally = no tea in whole country . 
  except most of those groups are jot syrians ... 
  german det. . . oh , ok . 
  since when popular = good ? 
  i dont think you understand how economy works . 
  we just cant possible take everyone , even if we wanted to . 
  also , people from ee go there and fucking work , not demand everything for free and then still complain that it isnt enough . 
  right , because europe have no migrants and refugees besides syrians . 
  yeah , but its not just / europe , literally whole reddit does that . 
  but as you can see , people on / europe can change their opinion if they see theyve been wrong . 
  did you even read the article ? 
  i dont like him , but he did the best thing he possibly could in this situation . 
  as you can see by most upvoted comment , not really . 
  now its you doing the exactly same thing that you claim other people do . 
  yeah , because thats totally what i said . 
  what a well presented thought full of arguments . 
  oh god , how i hate when people just poo on everything we have now like that . 
  `` everything was so much better back then , evolution stopped ! '' . 
  nonsense . 
  what was so great in europe back then ? 
  wars all the time ? 
  less rights for women ? 
  racism ? 
  poverty few times bigger than now ? 
  much more crime ? 
  dont romanticize the past , please , there was plenty of good things but there was also plenty of bad , just like now . 
  id much rather live in the times we have now and im pretty sure that 99 % of the people saying how great it was before would have enough of it after living in those times for a week . 
  you just chose the best from old and the worst from new , nice way to manipulate things . 
  theres plenty of good architecture now just as there was plenty of bad architecture back then . 
  also , many old buildings that we like now were not considered pretty back then . 
  do you think people building row houses in amsterdam thought that they are gon na be a tourist attraction one day ? 
  of course not , they were just regular houses , nothing special . 
  same with a lot of other types of buildings all around europe . 
  we will appreciate what we have now in another 100-200 years , just as we appreciate what we had 100-200 years ago . 
  same goes for poland yet they dont sit and do nothing while getting money . 
  yes , they are all full . 
  polish people somehow menaged to find jobs there but they cant . 
  yes , they are all full . 
  polish people somehow menaged to find jobs there but they cant . 
  i dont know anyone who moved to nl for weed ... you must be crazy to tink that , lol . 
  polish complain less ? 
  oh my , i cant even imagine how much germas complain then !, 
  polish complain less ? 
  oh my , i cant even imagine how much germas complain then !, 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  so germany makes quotas that will help them , everyone needs to take people from syria and syria only , because they say so , but at the same time people from our own continent need help and nobody even mention that . 
  and no , it wasnt considred . 
  how the hell are we suppose to help 500 000 ukrainians with more to come and syrians with absolutely no plan for later ? 
  we 'll take thousands now but many more are waiting , what are we gon na do with them ? 
  we took about the same amout of people as germany even though we are 2x smaller !, 
  but why the hell only the refugees from syria counts ? 
  what about half million ukrainians that we took ? 
  and why does everyone has to do what germany says ? 
  is it a union or a huge country with the capital in berlin ? 
  just when the relations between poland and germany got better after war , they are fucking it up . 
  good job !, 
  if germany doesnt like it why wont they settle down in congo ? 
  i dont think you know central and eastern europe very well if you think our values are different . 
  i honestly dont think its becase of religion . 
  im pretty sure many people dont even know which religion is dominating in all eu countries, 
  really ? 
  thats surprising ... 
  ignore those assholes , most poles have a very good view on ukraine . 
  i seriously have no idea why the score is so low , media and people usually speak very well about you . 
  i do n't think you know how eu works if you think that poland just gets money and do n't give anything in return . 
  no country in eu would agree on giving money just like that . 
  i also never said they are causing troubles in pl , thats what this whole discussion is about , about not wanting to happen what is happening in greece . 
  but i agree with accepting refugees , but if anyone still thinks that all those people are actually refugees and not migrants , then sorry , i dont know what else to say . 
  buraeucratic procedures ? 
  being checked at the border is too hard for them ? 
  they crossed a few countries but ca n't wait a few hours to get checked in the safe place while they are given food ? 
  also , it 's also about safety , there 's a reason why countries all over the world has closed borders ... 
  just because it could be worse does n't mean we ca n't expect them to follow the rules . 
  it 's not like we are throwing them all away , we are asking them to follow the rules and get checked at the border . 
  every single person outside of eu has to do that , but for some reason they dont ? 
  [ i dont think those people know either ] ( https://youtu.be/fzzy8awajuk?t=1m48s ), 
  forcing me to pay for illegal migrants causing troubles on my own land seems like a violation to me . 
  point out where it is said that europeans have to accept migrants ( not refugees ) from outside of the eu and i 'll agree with you . 
  also , should i link videos and pictures of people from lesbos ? 
  they ca n't live normally anymore , go to work , to school , whole island is full of `` syrians '' rioting . 
  we have a right to live our lives like we used to and expect refugees to follow the rules . 
  by forcing everything on us . 
  we have to accept everyone , we have to pay for them , even though they throw away the food we give them and throw rocks at us . 
  we close borders and ask them to enter legally through crossing points , they deny and demand to enter illegally and go wherever they want . 
  it 's like we do n't have a choice but to do whatever they please , otherwise we are nazi racists . 
  they are basically pointing fingers at what they want and we ca n't say no . 
  i changed my mind , canada !, 
  they are not refugees if they are not syrians or pretending to be ones !, 
  what armed forces ? 
  you mean european tourists ? 
  so it also applies to those living in the eu . 
  they will be treated well in hungary and other countries as well , if they register and follow the rules , i guess it 's not a lot to ask for ? 
  the thing is , they want everything to be the way they want it , they do n't want to work , they want everything for free , hence why they want to go to germany and sweden .
