  even in `` worst '' countries for refugees like poland , czech republic , hungary , they get food , houses , jobs , but they reject that and run away . 
  why wo n't they go to the crossing point and enter hungary legally ? 
  because most of them are not refugees so they know they will be rejected . 
  by doing all the things i 've mentioned . 
  if i would have a guest in my house , gave him food and he would throw it on the floor , i 'd feel pretty insulted . 
  holding signs with stuff like `` europe lost its humanity '' does n't help either . 
  not anytime soon . 
  they may be growing , but they still need years and years of change , and the more developed they will be , the slower the growth . 
  and kim jong il and ... 
  because they can go to the crossing point and enter the country legally ( if they are , indeed , refugees ) , but instead they throw away the food they were given , make protests , throw rocks and demand to enter illegally , and all that while insulting europe who 's one of the few trying to help ... 
  thats almost 140 % !, 
  waving your country flag in your own country is racist ? 
  then tell me , how many people , realistically , stopped working because their relatives are working in the west ? 
  most of the people migrating are doing it to save some money , not to stay there and send money home every month so the relatives dont have to work . 
  even in the west , people dont earn enough to be able to live there ( and life there is more expensive ) , save money and send money home every month to pay all the bills and pay for all the needs of a family . 
  im sure there are some , but it 's a very small percentage , not enough to lower unemployment in those countries . 
  i love that optimism of ee countries . 
  we ca n't be doing something well , there must be an explanation , always !, 
  nobody said we will never join it , but we may not join it now . 
  situation changed , it may be worse for poland to join eurozone than have its own currency , so why the hell should we do it now , in the worst time possible ? 
  they dont have wifi available anywhere in greece , macedonia and serbia ? 
  i like how they made it look like an action movie xd, 
  the entrance is in the other place , obviously ... 
  i ca n't believe i have to explain that . 
  `` they are guaranteed by eu law to apply for asylum . '', 
  and thats exactly what they are getting !, 
  hungary closed its borders so they can control the migration , they can go there like civilised humans and apply for asylum , but they refuse to , they demand to open the gate and let them in illegally . 
  i dont even know why would anyone defend them in this situation . 
  * most people commenting on reddit . 
  not exactly the same as most europeans . 
  keep it away from you !, 
  if only they would be so brave at keeping their country safe ... 
  i ca n't think of anyone but some hooligans attacking police ... so dont generalise , you make it sound like police is in danger on the streets , lol . 
  it 's also built on our own pagan religions , yet i dont see anyone saying `` fellow pagans '' . 
  remind me when did poland whine about west having to help poland because of russia ? 
  if anything , we wanted them to help ukraine , not poland . 
  they did almost nothing , and now they are asking us to help syrians and are mad we are not doing enough ? 
  well , there is lesser poland region !, 
  close enough ? 
  my region is greater !, 
  especially in the countries they want to migrate to !, 
  and people . 
  hunger strike near hungary . 
  well done , nl !, 
  `` i do n't care '' ? 
  what a great argument . 
  it was their fault so they had to pay for it , it was not ees fault so they dont want to pay for it . 
  the end . 
  maybe it 's different in different parts of poland or different in the cities . 
  im from greater poland region , i never had to go to church at the beginning of the year nor did any of my friends in other schools , i didnt even know it was a thing . 
  those economic migrants are fleeing because their country is being destroyed , which makes them more of a refugees than most of those `` syrians '' , or at least just as much . 
  yeah , except what happened in greece is greece gov fault , migrants from africa are not ee fault . 
  huh ? 
  you 're overreacting . 
  mens have lower life expectancy but still better than most of the world , they dont have bad health , suicide in my country is n't high either , crime is n't a problem in a long time either . 
  `` fellow christians '' . 
  you do realise that more and more people are becoming agnostic/atheist , right ? 
  even in poland church does n't have as much to say as it did and people are sick of it trying to be part of everything . 
  even better ... 
  really ? 
  i never had that and do n't know anyone that did . 
  i do n't know how old are you though , maybe it was a thing before i went to school . 
  i dont think you understand how it works . 
  then go ahead , give them houses , pay for it , then give them money for bills and food every month . 
  exactly . 
  it 's funny how he put all ee into one bag as if it would be one country vs billion countries in we . 
  i like random poland in the background . 
  [ hungary , you racists !, 
  ] ( https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/9d05c45096d1ce11cbcbcde41597f292e1a225c8/0_164_4928_2957/master/4928.jpg?w=620&amp;q=85&amp;auto=format&amp;sharp=10&amp;s=4d55c6795eb250a55e8cd9c2f5285bec ), 
  whats so idiotic about it ? 
  because in murica they would shot at him and everyone around immediately ? 
  i wish germany would remember that when talking about poland and how we do n't help with refugees . 
  somehow half million ukrainians does n't count , only syrians do . 
  very good . 
  and i hope it applies to migrants from outside of the eu as well ... 
  but who said that poland did n't benefit from it ? 
  all he said was that both , germany and poland are profiting on that , so saying that we have to do everything germany says because we get money and that we only want benefits is just stupid . 
  joining eu has pros and cons for everyone . 
  define `` mass '' . 
  i aleays hear how many people from poland migrate when in reality its about 4-5 % of the poland population , 95 % of the people didnt migrate anywhere ... its just that poland has a big population for a european country , so it seems like we migrate more than others . 
  no , its not hypocrisy because its not the same people protesting and migrating . 
  an even then , the situation is complately different . 
  poles go there but they dont have to get anything , irish people are not forced to pay for them the moment they enter the country whatever they want it or not . 
  poles goes there , find a house on their own , find a job and live like everybody else . 
  it looks more anti-muslim than anti-immigration . 
  every syrian knows someone in germany or sweden , yeah , right . 
  i like the `` central '' in it . 
  he 's basically comparing `` refugees '' to white walkers , lol . 
  they cant wait so we have to give them everything they want ? 
  and even if we do , they refuse it and go for something better . 
  they are basically pointing fingers at what they want and if we wo n't give it to them , we are the bad ones . 
  so for you wealth = income of everyone in the country put together , not how wealthy individuals are ? 
  poor luxembourg ... 
  except germany made the deal before the whole refugee thing , so if anything , it 's germany asking for solidarity only when they want it . 
  more like the other way around . 
  before : germany make good deal for themselfs , cutting middleman . 
  eastern eu : wtf germany ? 
  what about eu values ? 
  sharing and caring blah blah blah today : western eu : you have to take refugees because we decided to do so . 
  we have our own problems already , how can we take refugees ?
