  i really like both films . 
  what does ` ostia ' mean ? 
  i 'm not sure whether it 's like ` joder ' or if it 's spanish or basque . 
  it 's also becoming a meme lol, 
  it 's also becoming a meme, 
  any travel that takes more than 1 hour is too far for me , so yeah . 
  go to booking.com ( or similar sites )  price : lower to highest  enjoy hotel ? 
  trivago . 
  btw : if the accommodation is cheaper , but further from town , be sure to check the transportation costs . 
  you may be disappointed to find out that you save $ 50 on accommodation , but have to pay $ 40 for traveling to and from destinations . 
  i think we have a misunderstanding . 
  i 'm not arguing for cutbacks in the system , i advocate simpler procedures , more efficient processes and less red tape . 
  i 'm not too familiar with the system and constitution of spain , but from what i know and think , is just that the processes should be simpler so that civil servants can be more effective and efficient . 
  i was unaware that we were talking about healthcare and education . 
  in the report , i highlight the value i give to education , however , i think it should be more practical , for example knowing how to cook/take care of oneself , get a mortgage or fill in taxes . 
  i strongly advocate for societies in which we help each other , yet i do believe everyone should have the ability and capacity to sustain themselves , otherwise they ca n't help others . 
  again , the report is by no means finshed . 
  i do n't think the welfare system is particularly good in spain , but i have n't looked into it very detailed . 
  it 's all about min-maxing decisions . 
  do n't need welfare if the economy is good , 
  i 'm writing a report for fun . 
  so far , it has quite some of the reforms i think that should be made . 
  if you 're interested , [ this link ] ( https://drive.google.com/open?id=0bx89n6d3k06tce9xvjmxt1nvwfu ) directs you to it . 
  it 's by no far complete and i saw some grammar/writing mistakes that need to be removed , however , uni is more important than this so it 'll take it a bit until it gets fixed . 
  reforms basically come down to : - education , - culture , - less paperwork , - stimulate long term industry , - use tourism to the full potential , - more cohesiveness , - college of science which consists of scientists and philosophers to advise on bills ( new ) , - etc. 
  among others , yes . 
  hmm , i think people are getting tired of populism and ` fake ' politicians , at least i am . 
  i 'd like to reform the government to include a college of scientists , which includes advisors that are real life professors , philosophers and scientists . 
  i believe policies should be made well and carefully and that when done right , the people will adhere to logic and reason . 
  otherwise , education should be improved , which is part of the reforms , 
  i 've thought about opposition and other interest groups and i think my reforms would definitely see resistance , but i think appealing to logic and future - as well as getting a * lot * of tech companies here , which creates jobs , especially for young people , will make the reforms more easily accepted . 
  basically it 's cutting away a lot of ` unnecessary ' bureaucracy , make spain attractive for ( foreign ) companies and get these young people to work !, 
  hmm , i 'm writing a report on it for fun , but basically i 'd create spain/europe 's silicon valley , stimulate sun energy , the day planning , education etc. 
  if you 're interested , [ this ] ( https://drive.google.com/open?id=0bx89n6d3k06tce9xvjmxt1nvwfu ) is the report . 
  it 's by no means finished and still being worked on , but it can give you a general idea . 
  as you may see , i 'm getting more passionate in chapter 2 . 
  i 'm kinda ashamed of the first part , now that i see so many mistakes . 
  to be improved !, 
  when i read the news , i want to reform spain so badly . 
  vote me into office , i promise it 'll be good, 
  the gcu app keeps crashing on me , so i ca n't find the exact page anymore , but i found [ this , old screenshot ] ( https://imgur.com/a/7cvt1 ) . 
  apparently , in catalan they say : `` digui , digui . '', 
  that 's just the most adorable thing i heard , it just sounds great . 
  i got it from the ` gcu ' app , but the app does n't work for me anymore : / -- update [ old screenshot from the gcu app ] ( https://imgur.com/a/7cvt1 ) . 
  alcohol my friend , alcohol is much better than drugs . 
  neither matters , because my willingness to fight depends on so many factors , i think the post 's scope is too wide . 
  might as well give a couple of general scenarios . 
  defensive wars sound more attractive to me . 
  conventional is just warring in accordance with agreements like the geneva convention, 
  my journey would be dope af, 
  depends on the type of war , who is the aggressor , who is the defender or what 's the casus belli ? 
  hmm , i do n't know , there are too many songs that i like . 
  i like the founding fathers . 
  hmm , i do n't like the way you intent to go , but i recommend checking out southern europe , such as malta . 
  i 'm unsure about their time zone , or central/slavic europe . 
  de uurwerker and de biechtstoel are great, 
  i do n't think it 's possible to rank leader . 
  different times have different problems and different approaches , which makes it quite incomparable , i think . 
  well , i 'd rather be indifferent . 
  it 's their problem , i just want to be on ok footing . 
  not too close , not too distant . 
  yeah , i love it , but i love most countries ' anthems so i know a few , but partially though . 
  i think that most people do n't know/care about it . 
  because she 's trying to enforce her dense thoughts onto others , including me , and she 's of no use to society . 
  i fully agree with you . 
  i mean ... we did earn a lot of money on slave trade , not going to lie , but it was just a part of our wealth . 
  it was more focused on spices , i 'd say . 
  ugh , yes . 
  the sight of her angers me . 
  she is trying to divide the people here and make use of the one that vote and feel related to her to do what she wants . 
  oh , wait it 's called navigating i forgot the word haha, 
  hmm , i know some dutch people that listen to a few turkish songs , but most only know tarkan ' a * kiss , kiss * . 
  it 's a pretty good song tho . 
  only me and my ( partially ) foreign friends listen to turkish/arabic music . 
  she 's an annoying loud mouth with a stick up her ass that wants to ban everything she does n't like and she feels is racist . 
  i ca n't find any english source on her either . 
  it 's not only to fill the ranks . 
  military draft also teaches useful skills like fighting , navigating , its healthy and builds teamwork . 
  edit : navigating , it 's called navigating, 
  well it 's not the preferred style of life , but as long as we 're not sylvana simons or libtard american campuses , i 'm fine . 
  i 'd rather have the netherlands as it is now , maybe a few decades back with military draft , but it 's ok in most ways . 
  oh , they 're just [ ranked # 4 ] ( http://www.businessinsider.com/these-are-the-worlds-20-strongest-militaries-ranked-2015-9?international=true&amp;r=us&amp;ir=t/#20-canada-1 ) like it 's nothing , lol . 
  like china would be a reliable ally . 
  i 'd prefer more direct relations with japan though . 
  life is pretty good in europe . 
  would n't say it 's deteriorating . 
  i mean , we could in , you know , a world war with unrestricted warfare . 
  though i just got rejected . 
  yeah , life is pretty bad . 
  yeah , but i 'd prefer more money going to education and universities over a space programme . 
  but i 'm not writing poland off . 
  i just think of my ex . 
  we 're on decent ground . 
  i think of my ex, 
  story of this sub . 
  mate , they prohibited the entry of several countries which have a majority muslim population . 
  it 's against human rights , but you 're over exaggerating . 
  yeah . 
  ca n't really disagree on that point , lol . 
  no , they fabricated some claims , called in allies without a promise of territory though , kinda bitchy , out of coring range .
