  i live with my parents, 
  says the czech flaired , 
  well it 's current and the monarch does n't have s lot of political power , but his majesty 's approval can make or break certain things . 
  it 's more a part of tradition , i 'd say . 
  i feel like the king & queen are very well liked in general . 
  ca n't wait for next thursday . 
  i love the couple and got myself a special coin to commemorate the king 's 50th birthday !, 
  nope , sadly not . 
  would love to know more , honestly . 
  i take a lot of pride in a lot of things , because they 're beautiful and cool, 
  1 ) jeans and dress shirt 2 ) bread with cheese and some butter 3 ) repeating myself more than 2x 4 ) decently happy , i think 5 ) retarded 6 ) i ca n't think of that now, 
  ooooh , like that . 
  i guess it would be more effective to contact local mayors or the highest political institute of the province , besides getting attention through social media and demonstrations, 
  well , the mp is the mp . 
  whether you agree that s/he has the right position is a personal problem . 
  that `` not my president '' stuff is stupid . 
  if someone gets elected for the position and s/he gets it then that 's that, 
  the government drafts up ` the basic package ' which is about $ 80 p/m and that 's what a lot of people have and then private companies offer extras and different services along with the basic package which make it usually costlier . 
  it 's to ensure everyone can get healthcare whenever they need it and so we do n't really have to question if they have the right insurance when the situation is critical, 
  oh we do , luckily , but i still see too many shops without it . 
  i always have to repeat my pin in my head before i 'm up in line otherwise i 'm gon na stress, 
  i hope so , ca n't wait to only pay by contactless pin , lem me walk around with change in my pockets , sike !, 
  you got the wrong person \u2642 nothing wrong with technology , i think for kids the outdoors is more important tho . 
  ca n't blame people for getting addicted to technology , it 's great . 
  it 's like saying : why use a machine to cut the grass if you can cut it with scissors ? 
  rafa , i do that when i 'm * not * alone . 
  now i 'm doubting my normality haha, 
  it 's going pretty ok , i 'm kinda glad to live in this era , but we 're doing fine . 
  sounds weird , imo . 
  i do it as a hobby , honestly, 
  iirc , catalonia * has * [ a national football team ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/catalonia_national_football_team ) . 
  but someone also once told me they 're only allowed to play 1 match a year . 
  do n't know about the validity on that one . 
  sintra , portugal, 
  i do n't know what you mean by universal , it 's by law required to have insurance and hospitals ca n't refuse you . 
  i think the cheapest can go for like $ 80 p/m without any subsidies, 
  pretty good not gon na lie, 
  uhm , i do n't really know a specific type of joke . 
  witty comments and remarks are always in the clear with me . 
  context would be nice -- edit : i 've seen the edit . 
  guess it happens from time to time , perhaps when the club is packed , i wan na go home and lost my friends . 
  usually , i 'll just say something in the whatsapp group, 
  there 's not much crap going on for me personally , but youtube vids always help me pass time . 
  the coasts of spain kill me the first few days i 'm there , but inland is waaayyy better . 
  lisbon , for some reason , is pleasant . 
  universities , at least here , are very international . 
  i do n't know any american students , just one person that moved here . 
  she loves it here . 
  i 'd recommend coming to europe , but it depends on you , your major , you interests etc. 
  where you would fit in best . 
  wtf is that kind of stupid thing to say . 
  i do n't think you 'll get into any serious trouble like a fight , might be , but i see people calling for your leave sooner than later . 
  uuuhhhm , my local bar brews one and they 've got some special beers , but i usually stick to desperados this time of year , a tripel and some ipas , but i 'm not sure about their names, 
  i think it was budweiser from the tap actually, 
  last time i had an american beer at a pub was in 2015 in an erasmus bar . 
  i do n't think american beer is popular , especially because we 've got so many great and established brands here . 
  yep, 
  probably dutch east indies, 
  hmm , i 'm pretty happy with the overall government . 
  there are no institutions that i 'd replace here . 
  i feel sorry for you . 
  oh boy that 's gon na be a tough one, 
  my dad cooks in the weekends . 
  i hate the weekends for that , it 's either pasta or nasty ass asian noodles . 
  i think it was a dumb decision , but there 's probably much to gain for the rest of the eu , economic wise . 
  otherwise , i do n't care at all . 
  did you follow the check list ? 
  * photos where you can barely see yourself , preferably group photos only . 
  * witty bio . 
  * no standards , all goes to the right . 
  * maximise distance and lowest to highest age . 
  rarely . 
  my mom still cooks for me , bless her . 
  got ta love renaissance italy, 
  generally , that 's a safe bet . 
  i think that 's becoming more normal yes , or at least a small tv . 
  do n't really use it except for the news and the occasional football match . 
  you do n't know what you 're missing, 
  scandinavia and the uk are definitely up there . 
  i 've actually never met someone that stutter or has a speech disability . 
  i guess it 'd not be optimal and a tad annoying , however , i think i 'd get used to it after a bit . 
  nothing too bad in my eyes . 
  ooooooohhhh , did n't even come to mind , haha . 
  thanks , rafa . 
  cool , i did n't know that !, 
  thank you for sharing it . 
  i think android users of ing can use their android already to pay . 
  i 'm certainly jealous of that . 
  # contactless  cash it 's literally the best mass invention of the past few years . 
  there 's a heavy emphasis on it . 
  i 'm gon na doubt that if you 're going to a general bar . 
  might wan na go to a specific sports bar for that . 
  whaddaya mean ? 
  my friend has like  260 tinder matches and he sent a message to like 12 . 
  he 's the pickiest dude i 've ever met . 
  then again , i 've also got a friend who 's last name should be [ casanova ] ( http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=casanova&amp;amp=true ) . 
  in general , i 'd say women are pickier though , having it seen from pretty much both spectrums . 
  me on the other hand , the higher the alcohol percentage in my body , the lower the standards , though i 'm luckily having this thing now with a great girl that 's actually great . 
  spain is a special place in that optic , as it consists of many historical kingdoms , for example those of navarra , aragon , al-andalus and castile . 
  through wars and marriages , they melted into a single ` country ' , however , there is still a sense of distinction between the regions .
