  for the past two centuries , for example , there have been pushed for catalan independence as it used to be de facto independent , just under the same crown , the one of castile eventually . 
  when democracy returned in the late 70s , there was an effort to ensure both national unity and to have the regions , autonomous communities , enjoy degrees of well , autonomy . 
  castile was a kingdom , and it became the most prevalent language in administration . 
  shitty, 
  amongst others , possibly . 
  uk has actually been supporting rebels and now they 've finally spawned , but spain has fabricated claims on gibraltar and now that spain has disloyal clergy and negative stability , the catalan rebels are actually occupying provinces and trying to enforce demands . 
  inb4 everything, 
  i rarely get taught about america . 
  it 's usually used within the bigger theme , such as the colonies and the wars . 
  do you mean in terms of production or where the idea for it was realised ? 
  because those can literally be on the other side of the world . 
  those are what we call ` students ' ;-) ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ jk, 
  this ` holiday ' exists ? 
  ah , good comment , thank you . 
  the whiskey one though , haha . 
  i know spanish is written like it 's spoken , but this is really creative , just kind of weird to read . 
  a fun fact to know , nonetheless . 
  no problem . 
  i hope you enjoy your travels !, 
  yes , it 's becoming increasingly normal to mix in english words , however , it 's also the other way around for english and dutch . 
  personally , i think spanish and english are actually very closely related , but that 's due to the french influences in english history , which led to the adaptation of many romance and latin words . 
  i think if your english vocabulary is extensive , you can get by in spanish very well for many purposes . 
  i believe i once read the rea putting a lot of effort into the ` preservation ' of spanish , like the french version of the institute , it seeks to use spanish words for new words . 
  i think ` ordenador ' instead of ` computer ' is an example of that , but i 'm not sure . 
  might wan na consult / r/italy for this one , my guess is that they may offer better help . 
  unless i 'm requested to , no . 
  even then , still probably no . 
  not, 
  i 'm indifferent . 
  i 'm getting tired of the mess in the middle east . 
  some great power should take the initiative . 
  it 's not like you can stop a war by asking very nicely so i 'm not sure how it would be solved otherwise . 
  medabots shit was goooood, 
  i think it 's normie but kinda funny, 
  nachtwacht or starry night, 
  that 's because it represents saint george and the dragon . 
  the pointy part with the cross is supposed to represent his weapon , ashkalon , 
  maybe something typical from your region ? 
  idk where in the us you 're from or for who the presents are , which might affect the choice . 
  i know , but border gore  state preference, 
  it 'd depend on the situations . 
  if i were from the uk , i would n't get out my bed for gibraltar . 
  i think gibraltar is spanish territory . 
  like , ok , it 's been under british control for 300 years , but it had been under roman control too and switched hands over time too and nobody complains about that , because the romans do n't exist anymore . 
  the worst part is border gore . 
  can we temporary add brazil to europe and hear all the stories ? 
  because the fascists were n't in power in those countries . 
  lmao , copy paste from previous post : title : yeah body : oh no baby !, 
  what is you doing ??? 
  -- despite , i 'd not be against programmes that encourage people having children . 
  perhaps something like tax cuts , better daycare or even something like another valentine 's day . 
  screenshot ? 
  what is you doing ??? 
  -- despite , i 'd not be against programmes that encourage people having children . 
  perhaps something like tax cuts , better daycare or even something like another valentine 's day . 
  i like the portuguese people . 
  in my experience , they 're generally hard workers , but also honest . 
  i 've never seen one outside of portugal though . 
  i think people are quite open , but the women are difficult to approach , haha . 
  pt portuguese sounds like russian , but the english accent is quite good . 
  i like all the updates from lisbon 's municipality and all the 360 \u00b0 photos . 
  nice history , lots of book stores and great coffee !, 
  where do you live ? 
  because the dutch consumer union ( consumentenbond ) has a whole section dedicated to it , i believe . 
  listing prices , benefits and disadvantages alike . 
  i ca n't copy paste on mobile , but : * hmm , i do n't think this is true . 
  the legality of nato pretty much forces the us to help europe as long as they 're participating , so the chances of the us actually declining a call to arms is small , despite current feelings of the potus . 
  * yup , so it 's pretty much way cheaper to produce , so that 'll probably influence costs massively , making producing a totally new plane in the eu unattractive . 
  * true , but this kind of stuff would probably need to completely wipe off old cooperations like the eurofighter . 
  [ it sold only ] ( https://www.eurofighter.com/customers ) 475 planes , which seems pretty bad to me . 
  i think a unified eu army and industrial arms is possible . 
  it just takes a whole lot of planning and cooperation . 
  i do n't think it 'll happen any time soon on a noticeable level . 
  the current is probably the cheaper alternative . 
  i like the idea of a better planned eu military and industry , but it does n't necessarily mean it 'd a better ( and mostly more affordable ) . 
  it also takes ** a lot ** of planning and cooperation and i personally think this would be asking a bit ( too ) much . 
  plus , current contracts and stuff . 
  maybe we 're in too deep now to give up . 
  i feel like the youtube channel wendover productions made a video about this , or a similar topic , but i ca n't find it about now . 
  i , at least , saw a video about the us military industrial complex and how it influences such foreign industries too , but ca n't find that either . 
  that 's a short year, 
  i 'm very happy with the government in general . 
  my guess , as from the linked article that i added a bit later , is embarrassment and the fact that people still have to get used to it . 
  ( fine ) dining is reserved for very special occasions here . 
  most people do n't just go to a restaurant because they are just feeling like it . 
  prices are too high for that for most people . 
  so you generally just finish the whole meal there . 
  i do n't think it 'd fare well if it branded itself as `` american '' , because most restaurants here that offer dishes from around the world use `` world / ( insert continent ) cuisine '' . 
  the services would be nice , but i do n't think it 'd be accepted here , for example the take away boxes are n't generally accepted , i think . 
  the drinks are , but are reserved to like the big , asian restaurants . 
  it really depends on the restaurant , because some offer free water in like a big carafe . 
  it also depends on the country , because bless the spaniards , you * always * get something for free , whether it 's as simple as olives , chips or bread . 
  spain and italy are a tied # 1 bulgarian are n't for me . 
  you speak the stone coal english ? 
  koffie verkeerd is niet verkeerd coffee with milk, 
  i love this kind of stuff , especially the fact sheets, 
  me every time someone asks about some typical to another country, 
  everything south of the rhine is where people have a similar accent . 
  the difference between dutch and flemish goes further that accent though . 
  flemish uses different words , it 's waaaaay more french and i think it still uses older grammatical structures .
