  just stick to mayor cities in italy . 
  spain will be there in a few years too . 
  i 'd keep it to one country . 
  might as well stick in italy . 
  netflix has some nordic , british and spanish series/films . 
  do n't know about tv , barely watch that anymore . 
  norway 's occupied and spain 's el gran hotel are pretty good series , i think . 
  it 's not about acting the same way , it 's about grouping people by age , characteristics of the era they group up in and more . 
  it 's making researching the general public easier , which is far more important than leaving out the few minorities like emos and goths . 
  generations are definitely a thing . 
  i think some of the labels are retarded , but you need to segment population somehow . 
  i feel a pretty close relation to it , mostly because of architecture . 
  some streets feel as if i 'm walking though a centuries-old street . 
  since last year already ? 
  well , i would n't know , i 'm too stubborn and try carry everything in my hands haha, 
  it 's also their cultures . 
  some cultures just tend to prefer authoritarian or hierarchical leadership , even though they are democratic . 
  afaik , belarus is the only truly dictatorial government in the region . 
  going for the wizard achievement , i see ? 
  it 's probably part of lidl 's push to reduce plastic bags in circulation for the environment . 
  that 's what i think is the reason they sell them . 
  yeah about $ 0,10 since this year i think . 
  now my momma always had one big plastic bag that was filled with enough bags for a lifetime so we always used that , but ever since we got this hemp bag ( ? ), 
  from the appie, 
  kind of romantically involved , but nothing official as of now . 
  us because of resource reasons . 
  i doubt this kind of thing has any major popularity in europe . 
  terrorism attacks , in general , are pretty rare sighting in europe . 
  it 's safe here . 
  if you add up the deaths by terror attacks and divide it by the total populations of the researched countries , you 'll get a laughably low % . 
  i do n't care about people mispronouncing place names , but using incorrect ones gets my blood boiling . 
  *** holland vs. netherlands intensifies ***, 
  yup , but not because of op 's retarded reason, 
  english is mandatory and depending on the course or school you go to , you might get german , french and/or another language . 
  i 've currently got dutch , english , spanish and german for my course . 
  wikipedia, 
  [ sums it up ] ( https://mobile.twitter.com/tylerthecreator/status/285670822264307712 ) in all seriousness , i think there 's not enough money for ict education for children and students in general . 
  might want to consider giving some sorts of ethics classes at a young age to at least discourage ( online ) bullying . 
  as for other kinds abuse like hacking , if your company runs on windows 95 or xp you deserve to be hacked . 
  if you do n't take this kind of stuff seriously , do n't dare to spend a little money , you 'll easily get hacked . 
  i think it 's completely fiscally responsible to take on some debt for it security . 
  mentally : high realistically : whiteboy that can handle medium salsa at the max, 
  do n't really think about them on the daily . 
  sometimes , i think they 're cool , other times not . 
  you mean people that come for prostitution or young brits that travel to salou kind of sex-tourist ? 
  i saw one before it got popular . 
  was visiting a good friend of mine 's store and she had a young intern and he had a spinner . 
  wondered what they were and a week later i saw it everywhere !, 
  yeah i know it 's long , but my last name is just one word so that be shorter . 
  it just sounds nice, 
  my son i 'm not sure about , but my daughter , should i marry a spanish woman , i 'd like to name her mar\u00eda marcela luc\u00eda . 
  it 's a mouthful , but i like it . 
  might change the ' \u00ed ' to ` i ' in case of any trouble with keyboards and stuff in other countries . 
  i saw it a few years ago . 
  not my kind of movie , but the message was shared well . 
  that 's like the whole meaning of nato lmao, 
  1 - 10 ( lowest to highest ) . 
  5,5 and up is a sufficient mark . 
  though i much rather prefer the british system of diploma i had at college . 
  for that diploma , i had 3 chances to write a sufficient report . 
  there were three levels of reports ( pass , merit , distinction ) and depending on which criteria your report met , you 'd get a higher grade and thus a more worthy diploma . 
  each assignment had its ` unit content ' which were key terms that the report had to contain and then you had to apply it yourself and give examples . 
  so it was either a pass or fail report with feedback . 
  really liked that system as it was far less stressful . 
  it was basically that each sufficient report was 1 % of your diploma, 
  we do the same for groningen, 
  spanish sounds the best to me, 
  americans go overboard , but i can appreciate a healthy dose of love for one 's country . 
  lol depends on your mood . 
  ` pompen ' and ` traag ' are pretty good, 
  for some reason kraantje pappie has my general interest for dutch music . 
  the guvverdumme is my own work, 
  because some ( sub ) cultures are collectivist and some focus on the individual . 
  research has shown that these can impact on what people think is important in leadership , for example an ethnocentric approach with an authoritarian ruler that focuses on family values . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.geerthofstede.com/ ) will go into great detail on everything and more !, 
  [ my results ] ( https://imgur.com/a/nxxsd ) appears fairly accurate for a not all too elaborate quiz . 
  social liberalism , i 'm not too familiar with that label , i 'd prefer strong , progressive leadership . 
  in our imagination, 
  cool as fuck of course, 
  beware of those that fight in the glory of his majesty willie haha, 
  i have , in general , great trust in the police force . 
  might wan na consider asking / r/spain or / r/basque, 
  everybody lofes holland !!!, 
  this is retarded . 
  eastern europe is an outdated term also , i think . 
  you ca n't suddenly change half a dozen cultures to your liking . 
  plus , who says that the ` problems ' you see actually exist in those countries . 
  it 's a matter of perspective and that kind of egocentric/ethnocentric behaviour in this post is retarded . 
  no , friend . 
  turkish momma uses terlik ( flip flop ) , like the chancla . 
  many dodges , helped me with me hand-eye coordination, 
  i love the place and region where i live , in groningen , but i ca n't honestly say i feel as happy as i did in barcelona . 
  because , afaik , in germanic cultures , the good spirits remained in trees and thus getting trees in your house , for example a christmas tree , would bring you good luck/protect you . 
  same goes with wood . 
  the spirit is still ` there ' and a knock is like a confirmation , i guess . 
  oh , i just found [ the wikipedia article ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/knocking_on_wood ) on it, 
  unrealistic, 
  basque country, 
  the second paragraph is the protagonist complaining about his wife , as i quote : `` her cheeks are rosier and more swollen than the apple that deceived adam ... '' pretty good book, 
  first page of victus by albert s\u00e1nchez pi\u00f1ol .
