  i do n't think many asians get in contact with the authorities either . 
  taxes are what keep society alive and going , if collected and spent properly . 
  hmm , kissing is strange , but waving or saying hello does n't seem too bad to me . 
  i usually go like `` awwww '' when i cycle past adorable children, 
  to paris for a week and to lisbon for 2 weeks, 
  i 'm fairly certain that kind of fashion can be found everywhere over europe . 
  i 've seen a plethora of those female shorts with some form of american flag on it pretty much everywhere i 've been . 
  stylish ? 
  depends . 
  that pme legend american classic style is really cool looking to me , the old fashioned bomber kinda look , ya know . 
  reminds me of perdiendo el norte, 
  i think it 's growing in popularity . 
  i too was vegetarian for about 1,5 years , but my health deteriorated so my doctor recommend i take meat back in my menu . 
  i liked being a vegetarian though . 
  i see more and more green/healthy/vegan supermarkets around town here . 
  keep doing what you do , i say !, 
  specerijen , afaik , are herbs and stuff you can do over food , like pepper and salt . 
  i 'm not too familiar with `` kokosnoten zijn geen specerijen '' , but now that you mention it , i do n't know how to otherwise classify kokosnoten, 
  nothing special . 
  i just started watching the extra history of the formation of the hawaiian kingdom , which is interesting , but i do n't know/care too much about it otherwise . 
  i love me some voc, 
  ** do my boy frederick the great the justice he deserves for making the potato popular **, 
  [ there can be only one ] ( https://youtu.be/nqej90auzro ) !, 
  i drink ostfriesentee *** all day , every day ***, 
  parents ayyyy, 
  i have never heard of anyone i know going to a camp, 
  i 've never been to a wedding , but i can only imagine a wok-dessert area . 
  i mean it are desserts , the main course is where it 's at , i 'd say, 
  not this kinda post at 3:30 am . 
  yes , sometimes i do hate americans , their behaviour and government . 
  sometimes i do n't . 
  it 's that simple . 
  sometimes i hate spaniards , germans or dutch . 
  sometimes i hate myself . 
  it 's not because you 're american , it 's because you , people in general , do dumb shit . 
  no , because that would be stupid , lol, 
  i do n't know , but i appreciate eu institutions taking on big , powerful and international firms . 
  i would n't classify flanders and the netherlands with france , but with germany . 
  sure , we did adopt a lot of french aspects , but a lot of nations did that , though i think we 're still more germanic . 
  ca n't comment on the rest of the east though . 
  uhm , probably mini-tompoezen and mini-brownies and some random stuff too . 
  hmm , i 'm kinda new to the hip hop/rap genre of the netherlands , but i do enjoy adje . 
  nasty ass lyrics , but i like it lol [ turns me tf up after shots ] ( http://youtu.be/xn4uwz0mvk8 ), 
  well , i 've only got a few pair of shoes . 
  i 'm not keen on sharing them tho , so i doubt it, 
  hmm , i like those paintings of warships and navy battles and stuff . 
  i think that captures a different kind of beauty . 
  not nature sans people per se , but more like what humans can accomplish and do to each other . 
  no , i still do n't really care about palestine and israel, 
  there 's a `` city beach '' somewhere in town, 
  hanseatic, 
  trade leagues, 
  you can consider doing an internship in portugal and learn the language . 
  that 's how i learned spanish . 
  i have no idea how it works with citizenships . 
  ask your government for the specifics of that . 
  basically , you should know [ this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/justice/citizen/ ) . 
  you can do some research about pr culture at this place : https://geert-hofstede.com/cultural-dimensions.html i 'd recommend getting dual-citizenship . 
  i 'm not too sure about the details of it . 
  contact the us embassy in pt and vice versa . 
  i would n't underestimate learning another language . 
  fluent is kind of a vague term , so it can depend on that you should know grammar or that people understand your message . 
  good luck tho . 
  pretty good . 
  am half a turk, 
  i do n't really understand the question , but i think a reasonable argument is that : * they may be involved in some illegal `` gang '' ( idk how to otherwise call it ) ; * they 're willing to work lower wages ; * they 're willing to work shittier contracts ; * and they 're probably more desperately need the money . 
  in my personal experience , turks and other levant citizens tend to open either supermarkets , lokantas or higher class restaurant . 
  lived and worked in barcelona for half a year . 
  loved it and would love to move there . 
  that we kicked ass and took names and got really rich . 
  also the bad stuff . 
  i think it was pretty honest about the past when i had it in secondary school . 
  i think there 's a language exchange sub , but i do n't know the / r / from the top of my head . 
  worth checking out . 
  claim throne cb, 
  i think the general consensus in modern culture here is that war is bad , except the war of independence and from foreign attacks like the rampjaar . 
  yeah , it 's pretty ok, 
  i like a good ol' guillotine every once in a while . 
  get the old one snapping some necks , and stuff, 
  27 \u00b0 so much stuff to do . 
  hope i can catch some rays while studying, 
  china had many tributaries in its past and still has a great deal of influence in its past . 
  just because it does n't work with the european type of super power , does n't mean it 's not incredibly influential . 
  plus , there is no real standard definition of super power . 
  china 's army and diplomacy are n't at its peak , however , it 's an economic leader in the region and the world . 
  reasons enough . 
  all glory to willie !, 
  iirc , there is actually a finnish or at least nordic experiments with basic income of like $ 600 p/m . 
  if you are fine with living in the ok conditions , with meh salary , but low costs , slavic and southern countries should be fine . 
  * unzips pants ... *, 
  personally , i 'm getting really tired of such posts . 
  i personally do n't believe in accepting every migrant or refugee . 
  i 'd make the best of the situation and let high/well-educated foreigners continue their research , business and education here and provide decent comfort and assimilation for those that want to reside in europe or return to their homeland , once it 's relatively safe . 
  that can depend per country . 
  i think germany took in way too many . 
  i do n't like holiday in german as much anymore , but afaik the situation in the netherlands is pretty good . 
  do n't know about the numbers . 
  being not an eu citizen will probably make it more difficult , as well as not speaking the native languages . 
  consider embassies , that 's your government , by still abroad . 
  like throat cancer , but not as bad as german,
