hey , where are the borders ? 
  ah , man , i just love portugal . 
  looks scary as shit to be honest, 
  square the fuck up , belgium . 
  you can make a religion out of that !, 
  fun fact : napoleon did n't escape elba . 
  talleyrand and the allies orchestrated this in vienna ( [ pages 63-64 ] ( http://xenopraxis.net/readings/greene_48lawsofpower.pdf ) ) . 
  thank you !, 
  i have plenty of stories from my time there , but this will definitely always stick with me . 
  i just love how lovely they were !, 
  :d italians sure do love their food , and rightly so !, 
  it 's delicious , but had i been in town longer before having met them , i 'd certainly convince them to discover the local cuisine with me . 
  i love your paris story !, 
  for me , it 's like the embodiment of an italian family . 
  i can see them discussing it in public . 
  i can hear the voices changing tones , like a good italian can during an ` argument ' . 
  which reminds me that i once was in austria , at a fine restaurant , and everybody was reasonably quite and then there 's this one , italian family in the centre of the building singing happily , drinking wine and having a great time . 
  i 'd love to be part of such company !, 
  this is a great story , thank you for sharing it !, 
  one i 'm sure you 'll remember the rest of your life , which you should . 
  i think it 's lovely how , in general , older people will take care of you despite nationalities . 
  these kinds of stories always make me realise how tiny the world actually is . 
  meeting a fellow ny-er across the pond , at that exact place and the lady that overhears you ? 
  that sounds almost impossible , but it happened and it 's amazing !, 
  the fact that you can just meet people from all over the world , people that were practically your neighbours , in a restaurant amazes me . 
  i was once pretty drunk at a club in barcelona too , and i met this guy who bumped into me , and we talked for a bit . 
  it turned out he was from the exact same city where i live in . 
  he even moved from the same village ( ~ 5k inhabitants ) to that city ( ~ 200k inhabitants ) in the same year !, 
  sometimes i feel like reality is just playing one , big game . 
  and then we hugged and went our own , merry way . 
  i study international business studies in , well , the netherlands . 
  currently , the study is in dutch , however , it will mix with international business management studies within a year or two , which is fully english . 
  i think tuition is about $ 2k per year , i 'm not sure . 
  costs of living can be pretty low in the netherlands , in comparison for what you get : pretty good infrastructure , food and education . 
  i think monthly rent is about $ 380 total ( at least up north ) . 
  this is fucking horrible . 
  it gets my blood boiling !, 
  happy birthday , king carl xvi gusta ** f ** !, 
  long live the king and queen !, 
  it 's such a beautiful flag . 
  do n't forget to repost to / r/vexillology . 
  for some reason , i 'm feeling emotional right now and i was talking to my italian friend what happened to me once in barcelona when i met a lovely father and his young son . 
  i 'm not sure if this is the appropriate sub for it , but i think it highlights what europe is : a bunch of historical countries and cultures that , at random , collide and make great experiences and memories . 
  -- in 2015 , starting from july and ending in late november , i worked as an intern in barcelona . 
  my spanish was poor , my catalan worse . 
  despite that , i managed to blend in fairly well . 
  i had my contacts . 
  i was a regular at numerous places and i always managed to get a conversation going with the seniors . 
  one day , in late august , i was walking down the streets of barcelona . 
  i was well-dressed , because i like to do that every once in a while . 
  i remember that it was n't too far from the santa maria del pi . 
  i was by myself , strolling through he city . 
  it was cooling down , and the weather was great . 
  suddenly , i get stopped . 
  an older man , accompanied by a young son asks me : `` excuse me , may i ask a question ? 
  where is a good , nearby italian restaurant ? '', 
  i told the man that i knew a place not too far from here . 
  i was still pretty new in town , and happened to know a friend that worked in an italian restaurant in the ramblas . 
  after a minute or two of walking and chatting with the man , we arrive at the restaurant . 
  i tell the lady waiting outside that usually attracts customers that i 'm an acquaintance of the manager and she gives my friends a nice table within the minute . 
  the man thanks me , and suddenly says : `` my friend , join us !, 
  i 'll treat you to food and a beer ! '', 
  i was slightly shocked . 
  i knew the man for two minutes and he offers to pay an entire meal for me . 
  we sit down at a great place and order our dishes . 
  whilst waiting , we start talking more and more . 
  now , there was a language barrier . 
  my spanish was better , but not amazing , and the man and his son of roughly 12 did n't speak much spanish nor english . 
  so we compromised . 
  they spoke half italian and spanish and i spoke spanish . 
  for some reason , we understood each other well enough to talk for hours !, 
  their names are giovanni and lorenzo . 
  they 're true italians that love their country and love the place they live in : venice . 
  giovanni runs a small business in real estate and took lorenzo to camp nou . 
  lorenzo was so happy to have seen the stadium . 
  they shared pictures and stories of the experience with me . 
  the laugh on lorenzo 's face and the pure joy he had still bring a tear to my eye . 
  it was adorable . 
  in true , mediterranean hospitality , we exchanged numbers and at the end of the evening , after talking for merely hours , they told me that if i ever come to venice , i should surely give them a call . 
  they 'd happily invite me to have dinner with their family . 
  because i was in barcelona and i study , i could n't visit venice just like that . 
  i still have the text message they sent me . 
  i can just feel the older dad vibe from the short messages and lots of full-stops . 
  it reads :  `` hello thom i apologize for the delay and thank you for your sms that made us very happy . 
   in the hope of seeing you soon we wish you a pleasant stay in barcelona . 
   see you soon . 
   giovanni and lorenzo '' and to this day , i 'll never forget this experience . 
  i wanted to write it down . 
  it means a lot to me and i felt like sharing it now . 
  i hope that they 're doing well . 
  it gave me the feeling that it 's important to just be kind to one another . 
  no , all hope is lost, 
  s p a i n, 
  well ... not really , in terms of biology , there are some ways , like motherhood and the increased testosterone for men to hunt/work , so it 's a quite natural occurrence to have certain roles . 
  maybe this day , because mankind is so advanced it seems kind of useless , but we 're still stone age monkeys in a high tech world, 
  uuuuh , none , but when i read the / u / , i recognise the person, 
  all of mankind greatly contributed to these aspects . 
  the greeks influenced * western * culture and sciences the most . 
  the chinese dynasties were light years ahead of us , until the time the west definitely took over china . 
  i 'd say the end of the opium wars is really the time the west was more `` sophisticated '' than china .
