i do n't know . 
  these things are not very easy to understand without detailed information . 
  and even with information one still needs to be able to relate to the people in their situation somehow . 
  well the right wingers do n't really want to ask the questions . 
  they want to see a terrorizing `` refugee '' so that 's what they 'll see . 
  to me it looks like those two are upset about something while ~ ~ being idiots ~ ~ having self-control issues . 
  ( nothing new to finns ), 
  or some biker gang, 
  sure it 's not fun having to allocate resources for something you did n't plan . 
  i 'm just more worried about the consequences of not doing so . 
  it was n't like this just happened to us either . 
  we chose to ignore too many things we should n't have been ignoring and now were here . 
  if we do n't learn from that mistake , we are against impossible odds . 
  well , this is exactly the kind of scenario that was discussed about before joining the eu . 
  now it happens and we decide to advertise that we are untrustworthy and self interested . 
  good luck with that . 
  that would be [ guy fawkes ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guy_fawkes ) . 
  interesting history here : [ guy fawkes mask ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/guy_fawkes_mask ), 
  i think i 'd be ok with this as long as there are also plenty of examples of martyrs who 's cause failed . 
  should n't be that hard to find some right ? 
  would n't be so sure . 
  i think at least a few countries in the eu are playing poor and weak or even voluntarily tanking their own economy to avoid placing as many refugees they could and would be expected to . 
  the reports of our education system are greatly exaggerated . 
  we also have lot 's of atheists . 
  i know . 
  i am one . 
  people these days do n't understand long term relationships and how to maintain them . 
  good . 
  i think eu should fine my country as well . 
  our elected government has done unforgivable damage to the reputation of our country by failing to act when people are in need and by encouraging hate crimes and terrorism done by `` nationalists '' . 
  we have people sitting in parliament when they should be in prison and i 'm glad that there is the eu when our own government fails it 's citizens . 
  most countries are associated with some war crimes in their past . 
  those who are n't in denial about their past are the ones who are best equipped to avoid repeating the past . 
  these are the countries other countries can trust and interact with financially . 
  i think it 's a very strange strategy to attract even more negative attention to your own country by insisting that your past crimes were justified or did n't happen . 
  why would anyone willingly publicly declare that one is so thick in the head that one has n't learned from one 's mistakes ? 
   the more advanced the world gets , the more caveman-like its followers wish to be well put . 
  their beliefs are n't evolving . 
  i think he did just that . 
  you should have . 
  that 's the problem with the world we live in . 
  people should n't trust any centralized entity with their data . 
  daily leaks is the new normal . 
  it 's insanity to keep on doing the same things and expecting different results . 
  we need younger people with technical understanding to be elected so that they can start passing laws limiting information collection and protecting privacy . 
  not old farts , who are so insecure they ca n't take criticism and need draconian laws to protect their feelings . 
  actually we should be doing everything in our power to make sure that we do n't have to suffer long of politicians making decisions for entire countries . 
  that 's a job for an ai . 
  not always before they get targeted, 
  here . 
  the mayor was not much short of demanding girls wear burkhas . 
  so next girls should wear burkhas ? 
  i do n't think i said that help means that everyone can get in . 
  that 's because you have coldness in your heart and you 're letting it win . 
  you 're asking the wrong questions . 
  edit : instead of shutting down the borders you should be asking how are we going to make this work well and how should we organize so that everyone that needs help get 's it and those few that we need to stop will be detected . 
  sure , but we already have some . 
  i 'm not sure how many , did n't find stats on that , but those could be used when they are not in use for medical research purposes or for patients . 
  there are 24 hours in a day of which some are not being utilized , i doubt all the equipment is in use 24/7 . 
  i 'd be stoked if there 's some research that could benefit from this . 
  there 's even a mobile mri in a truck . 
  ( prbly more ) we scanned a water bottle and my brain for sample data for a project i was working on in such a truck while it was parked at the edge of a square in the center of the city . 
  it could be less expensive than wasting a lot of time just storing the people while doing bureaucracy and the quality of screening would be better . 
  not letting people in just seems like a cheap solution . 
  it really is n't . 
  there 's an easy solution . 
  questioning refugees while they 're in a fmri . 
  should be a voluntary way to fastrack one 's processing . 
  edit : compulsory scanning of nervous people is n't very useful, 
  sometimes i think governments around the world keep their population stupid on purpose just to be able to use force instead of having to figure out how diplomacy works . 
  for a simpleton it might be a demonstration of strength, 
  at least something mildly intriguing happened then so perhaps that might help finding motivation for the extra 6 months . 
  i do enjoy dutch bakeries . 
  danish one 's are quite good too . 
  too bad i ca n't just teleport there for groceries . 
  better get the cold weather and other discomforts as early as possible then it 's just a vacation . 
   putin decided at a meeting in february that he personally would choose which projects get support no wonder they 're in trouble . 
  he 's so bad as a leader that he fails to understand that this is not something he should be doing . 
  if i refuse to do business with russia because of their activities and suggest others that they might want to do the same it 's not an attack . 
  it 's the ethical imperative and an inevitable cost of being a dick . 
  doing business with russia is aiding and abetting or accessory . 
  not a game . 
  it 's not english, 
  ruble breaking new all time lows currently 70.9630 rubles per dollar now, 
  russia is about to collapse under the sanctions . 
  i 'd say they made a very big mistake and it shows . 
  i just hope they 'll do the same in other countries as well . 
  it 's been toxic for a while now . 
  i learned the phrase in turkey about 10 years ago . 
  i do n't know why , but our government is doing all they can to make sure there is no economic growth . 
  speculation : what if they are trying to make finland less appealing to refugees ? 
  yeah . 
  used quite often to objectify women . 
  oh dear ... priceless :d, 
  those damn social media sites are always blocked for some reason . 
  it reduces the level of collaboration and cohesion and reduces the benefits that are associated with them . 
  it 's not a very good strategy as one is actively limiting one 's capabilities in an environment where there are larger groups who achieve more goals together . 
  i do n't think i could have ever accomplished as much careerwise without some immigrants as my employers in the past . 
  connecting globally and without limits set by petty differences is in my experience a great way to further one 's goals as it increases the number of possible contracts and the probability of a good deal . 
  with more options available you can better adapt to the environment and use it in your own and your network 's advantage .
