  i own weapons , just not a gun . 
  not even an air gun . 
  but i could easily bash your head in with my pair of tonfa . 
  also own a bokken , though i do n't consider that a weapon . 
  you could really hurt someone with it , but it 's technically just a wooden practice sword . 
  practice weapons do n't count . 
  well , i did say that people forget that organisations such as the aivd are n't that great either . 
  i 'm very much aware that the gchq is n't an exception . 
  the uk has some policies , cultural aspects or traditions that are much more similar to american culture than the culture of most other european countries . 
  for example , the uk employs a voting system based on first past the post . 
  ever seen people complain about uk politics being manipulable and all of that ? 
  things like gerrymandering ? 
  that just fptp at work . 
  it 's a system that 's completely alien to most other non-english speaking countries , which often use parliamentary systems based on things such as mixed member proportional representation . 
  fptp is known by some for being highly manipulable , unrepresentative and for its tendency to degrade into a bipartisan system ( it has n't really done so in the uk yet , although the uk does have two big parties , one of which usually holds the majority ) . 
  for detailed info , cgp grey has a series of videos that explains things in a simple but very good manner . 
  he 's also been very vocal about it in his hello internet podcast ( ca n't remember which episodes though ) . 
  [ dooblydoo ] ( http://www.cgpgrey.com/politics-in-the-animal-kingdom/ ) . 
  another example would be the gchq , which quire a few would regard as barely more than the lackey of the nsa . 
  not exactly friendly to things like personal freedom or privacy ( which i 'd argue is fundamental to freedom ) . 
  people often forget that other countries ' organisations , such as the aivd , are n't that great either . 
  the uk is also more likely to come up with proposals for draconian policies than the rest europe . 
  i ca n't remember any specific policies , though , although i know there are some . 
  every so often , something pops up again . 
  i 'm willing to bet that there 's something similar to sopa or pipa that , if it has n't been implemented , was at least proposed . 
  i wish i had remembered more specific examples , though . 
  i just do n't have the type of memory that holds on to that kind of specific information . 
  i 'd argue that english speakers also have a strong tendency to beat around the bush or to sugar-coat things . 
  i might be a bit biased though , as i 'm dutch . 
  my own culture has a tendency to just speak their minds . 
  we have a blunt honesty that 's often meant to be either helpful or efficient ( or possibly both ) . 
  for example , if you were to try to speak dutch , and told us that you sucked at it , you 'd be fairly likely to hear `` yes , you really do suck '' . 
  but it 's often followed by tips to help you get better . 
  we also do n't like too much chitter chatter or insincerity . 
  a `` how are you '' by a supermarket worker is borderline offensive to us , as it 's not a sincere question and may even be interpreted as prying into someone else 's life . 
  do n't get discouraged if you start losing less though . 
  at some point , it 's about consistently losing weight , rather than just losing a lot . 
  i forgot the exact numbers , though . 
  i think they mentioned something like a pound or half a pound a month on the hello internet podcast , though i could be misremembering . 
  the gist was that as long as there 's weight loss over longer periods of time , it 's good . 
  i 'll quote [ another comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/42kyqg/dutch_police_are_visiting_the_homes_of_people/czbg36x ) :  his account is frothing at the mouth of the usual `` refugees are fortune seekers and criminals ! '', 
  slogans and retweets of cherrypicked anecdotes , assorted rightwingers and people convicted for political racism . 
  the content of that account is rather inciting , and it 's focused only on that type of content . 
    note that the police did not arrest him or press charges , they did what they do when they see someone in public shouting that stuff : go talk to the guy and remind him that he 's close to crossing to line of inciting violence . 
  so far , nothing wrong . 
  so yeah , it 's not nearly as bad as it seems . 
  just the police trying to keep people from causing mass hysteria or inciting violence , as the police is paid to do . 
  the netherlands is still considered to be [ among the best countries when it comes to things like press freedom . 
  [ what amendment rights ? 
  i bet . 
  they just try to look menacing , because deep inside they 're just a bunch of pussies that are afraid of some competition . 
  russia can go fuck themselves . 
  russia should fall apart again . 
  did n't do it properly the first time around . 
  there are tons of different ethnicities all in the greater whole that is russia , most of them suppressed . 
  it 's an unnatural state , a country that has little apart from a firm hand binding them together . 
  that just does n't work . 
  the russia we know today needs to go . 
  not surprised at russia having such a low score . 
  if my dota experience is anything to judge by , the russians just think that english is exclusively spoken in america , and that russian is europe 's official language . 
  we should exchange geert wilders and bernie sanders . 
  wilders would fit right into the american political landscape , which often involves a lot of unrealistic shouting about supposed problems and pandering to the lowest common denominator . 
  meanwhile , bernie sanders could stop being the one sane man and instead do his thing in a more nuanced landscape where people like him are actually electable . 
  a lot of parties acknowledge that there are problems . 
  wilders is just the one shouting about those problems without offering realistic solutions and without listening anyone else . 
  makes him very popular with the mentally challenged , who generally do n't like nuance . 
  geert wilders is definitely very keen on freedom of speech , although his idea of it is `` i should be able to say whatever bullshit i 'd like to say , and everyone else should either agree or shut the fuck up '' . 
  he does n't listen to people who do n't fully agree . 
  these polls are generally seen as highly untrustworthy and generally reflect the news of the past few days . 
  it would n't be the first time that the pvv had 35 or so seats in the polls , only to end up with 15 in the actual elections . 
  if he wins a significant amount of seats , i want out of this country as soon as possible . 
  that guy shouts about problems without offering realistic solutions and without listening anyone else . 
  if he put earplugs in during his work , he would n't really miss anything . 
  if he had control over this country , he 'd purely push his own agenda without consideration or realism or other people . 
  geert wilders is definitely very keen on freedom of speech , although his idea of it is `` i should be able to say whatever bullshit i 'd like to say , and everyone else should either agree or shut the fuck up '' . 
  he does n't listen to people who do n't fully agree . 
  i know you 're trolling , but what good economic perks are those , exactly ? 
  do you mean the train wreck of a health care system that [ costs 2.5 times the oecd average per capita ] ( http://www-tc.pbs.org/prod-media/newshour/photos/2012/10/02/us_spends_much_more_on_health_than_what_might_be_expected_1_slideshow.jpg ) , and that leaves many bankrupt from perfectly treatable injuries or diseases ? 
  the practically nonexistent [ socioeconomic mobility ] ( http://static4.businessinsider.com/image/52bc94de69bedd16148492b8-701-421/intergenerational%20earnings%20elasticity.jpg ) ? 
  sure you 're not peru yet , but your mobility is at the point where you 're only competing with developing countries . 
  also funny how , when talking about implementing european-style social policies in the us , i always hear the counterargument that european countries are very homogeneous and that this is why those policies work in those countries , but since the us is full of all sorts of immigrants and peoples , it would never work there . 
  and then there are discussions like this , where european countries are apparently being flooded and conquered by filthy foreigners . 
  so basically , we 're a homogeneous bunch full of immigrants . 
  reminds me of a sketch from herman finkers . 
   you know what the problem is with you foreigners ? 
  you foreigners are from countries where 90 % of the population are part of the minority . 
  so they 're all too lazy too work . 
  yeah , all of them . 
  and all those folks who are too lazy to work come to our country to take our jobs ... all those folks who are too lazy to work ... and when they get here they quickly request asylum , and as soon as that process is done , they return to the third world , while research tells us that people in the third world spend over 90 % of their earnings on food ... and stuffing their mouths and stuffing their mouths !, 
  just you wait until sinterklaas next year . 
  bunch if americans and a couple of wannabe americans will compare zwarte piet with caricatures of africans again , despite the fact that those caricatures have never really been a thing here ( that caricature is an intrinsic part of american culture , not dutch culture ) and despite the fact that the vast majority of people do n't think that zwarte piet looks even remotely like people who actually are of african descent . 
  fire is hot , water is wet , and the russians did mh17 . 
  but even if we get the most irrefutable proof in the history of law , evidence , and courts , russia wo n't even admit it , let along be punished for it . 
  justice will not be served , and the russians will feel proud about it . 
  what is this snow that people keep talking about ? 
  to be honest , though , i do n't miss it . 
  makes bicycling much easier . 
  political correctness ? 
  if anything , that 's an american fad that 's now starting to get popular here too . 
  not to mention a [ certain country that spends more than twice the oecd average ] ( http://www-tc.pbs.org/prod-media/newshour/photos/2012/10/02/us_spends_much_more_on_health_than_what_might_be_expected_1_slideshow.jpg ) .
