  i 'd rather be taxed if it means that i 'm cheaper off . 
  dunno about higher taxes . 
  he lath care spending in the us twice as high as the oecd average , and the highest in the world . 
  it 's not us who are taxed by their health care systems . 
  the government is able to actually make health care cheaper for the general public , through various deals with businesses , policies or limits set by the law , here in the netherlands , it 's kind of a semi universal thing . 
  it 's mostly privatised , though you are obliged to be insured , and if you ca n't afford it , you 'll be paid enough to afford minimum coverage . 
  it 's not a matter of being worth it , but if how the world simply should work . 
  if you live in a place where people can become bankrupt from a perfectly treatable injury or disease , you should start wondering if you really live in a first world nation . 
  you can argue whether health care should be fully paid through taxes , semi-privatised but with universal coverage , or if some other system should be employed . 
  but whether or not universal coverage should exist is n't even a question . 
  that 's quite different from the usual tough talk i hear from russians . 
  they ca n't stand the idea of anything associated with their country being even slightly weak . 
  no , russia stronk , cyka !, 
  it 's not a rarity to hear a russian claim that their country will soon take over europe . 
  we 'll all be speaking russian very soon . 
  and it 's russia that won ww2 and liberated europe . 
  all they really did was retreat for the nazis and burn everything behind them , as to not leave anything of use for the nazis . 
  when the nazis were suicidal enough to follow them into russia ( during the winter ) and git themselves killed , the russians called it a tactic and pretended to be the big victor of the entire war . 
  i 'm willing to bet they 're mostly a bunch of insecure weaklings overcompensating in an effort to hide their shame . 
  makes you wonder if the homophobia in the country is n't the result of most of them being gay and trying to too hard to hide their sexual identity . 
  that 's actually very often the case with homophobes . 
  sounds about right to me . 
  and as a dota player , i hate russia even more than most dutch people . 
  russians are notorious in online gaming . 
  is this a recent polling ? 
  i 'd have expected a lot more disapproval from turkey . 
  also somewhat surprised that there is n't even less approval in the us . 
  although disapproval is still high , it 's much lower than in the rest of the western world . 
  especially notable since the us never really left the cold war . 
  but do we exist ? 
  or do we just think we exist ? 
  are we just brain farts or some unseen god ? 
  a fancy ? 
  no , people using buk missile systems on holidays . 
  remember , they were on holiday . 
  with buk missiles . 
  that 's still just one group that 's talked about here , whose composition may or may not be people of chinese descent . 
  that does n't really tell me much . 
  there 's little objective data on hawaiian culture in the article . 
  i 'm totally nitpicking here , but of hawaii were to become part of another country , would n't japan be more logical ? 
  culturally , the place is mostly a mix of japan , the us , and the indigenous hawaiians , from what i understand about it . 
  a big fat middle finger . 
  i like it . 
  most of that 86 % are developing countries . 
  being better than those is not something to be particularly proud of . 
  you 're the one who 's joking if you think that visiting a country , or even living in it , gives you any objective information about said country . 
  it 's objective data that counts , not observation . 
  as a matter of fact , yes i have visited the place . 
  but all the data you gather through such an experience is anecdotal , and therefore meaningless . 
  even the data gathered through living there is purely anecdotal . 
  oecd reports matter . 
  data from the who matters . 
  metrics such as the [ ihdi ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_inequality-adjusted_hdi ) matter . 
  personal experience does n't mean a thing . 
  no , i looked at oecd reports on socioeconomic mobility , education , health care and various other things and thought `` that 's what the entire us is like ? 
  damn ! '', 
  i bet the oecd is trolling as well when they release yet another report where the us performs below average . 
  you have to be from a socioeconomic class high enough to actually get a decent high school that can be followed up by a decent university . 
  in the us , not anyone can attend a high school that teaches things like the basics of quantum mechanics or the riemann hypothesis . 
  just take a look at any oecd report . 
  just take a look at any oecd report . 
  how is it grasping at straws when your country looks better in almost any oecd metric ? 
  that 's true . 
  i completely forgot to take that into account . 
  belgium is still , well ... belgium . 
  i do n't think i 'd want to live in a country with an even less respectable education system , socioeconomic mobility or in general a lower inequality-adjusted hdi , but it 's still not on par with the netherlands or with the nordic countries . 
  moving to belgium would be a downgrade from my point of view . 
  but i concede that moving to the us would be objectively ridiculous . 
  that place is a barely developed shithole . 
  i have to wonder how much different dutch humour is . 
  apparently , there were orange nazi hats at a football match between germany and the netherlands once , and i can definitely remember a few stand-up comedians being rather racist or sexist . 
  not to mention just jokes that people just tell each other . 
  i have a somewhat too well integrated chinese friend who likes to ask very loudly `` is it because i 'm black ? 
  '' , which is not something i 'd recommend doing if there are people of african descent nearby . 
  and also jokes like `` what do you call a gay muslim ? 
  an islamietje '' ( islamiet translates to islamite , mietje means whimp in dutch ) . 
  and of course we have a lot of other jokes about chinese and other groups . 
  also about dutch regions . 
  people from groningen , for example , are generally depicted as slow-witted farmers . 
  the groningse bank robbery sketch is particularly famous . 
  unfortunately i could n't find a version with subtitles ( or one that is n't potato quality ) , but [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/g6pjtxd8sia ) is the sketch . 
  the guy condescendingly imitates the gronings dialect . 
  reminds me of a joke a croatian once told me . 
  i think it was about slovenia , though i may misremember . 
  q : why are all football matches in slovenia international matches ? 
  a : one goal is in croatia , the other in austria . 
  ^ ( for the people who do n't get it , slovenia is a relatively small country , with croatia to the south and austria to the north . ), 
  and i thought the kids in my street who decided that it was funny to mess with fireworks right after the paris attacks had bad taste . 
  this is pure idiocy . 
  i did say that it says more about my opinion in the nsa and fbi . 
  i want to cry now . 
  what the fuck kind of argument is that ? 
  i doubt that they 'd have been capable of stopping them too , but since when is that a reason to simply not do your job ? 
   i doubt they could do their job , so why should i bother doing mine ? 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've also seen articles on how chicago is a no-go zone . 
  as in , the entire city . 
  usually it 's just written by people hoping for some easy clickbait bucks . 
  i 'm still willing to believe that they 're doing a better job at law enforcement and prevention of terrorism through intelligence than the nsa or the fbi . 
  although that says more about my opinion on the nsa and fbi than it does about belgium . 
  we need a better plan than just sending a military .
