data !, 
  i 'm probably going to sift through that when i have the time . 
  too bad the countries they looked at are limited , i wish there were more , but it could be interesting . 
  i 'd also like to see a map like this on socioeconomic mobility . 
  americans probably wo n't like seeing that the term `` american dream '' should be renamed to `` the european dream '' . 
  greek is closer to dutch than it is to german ? 
  how does that work ? 
  greek has words that change form depending on grammatical cases , and so does german . 
  dutch uses prepositions instead . 
  i 've always called german `` greek with west european letters '' because of that . 
  well , rt is just the russian fox , is n't it ? 
  or possibly the russian equivalent of almost any american news source . 
  no sense hating on just the most famous source of propaganda . 
  and yet , some in the netherlands want to abolish the whole thing . 
  as we 're a country of trade , it would most likely result in the annihilation of our economy . 
  putin probably just asked his separatist pets to shoot at the convoy . 
  they want a reason to move their army into ukraine and annex the rest of it . 
  i have to concede . 
  an old gouda 48 + is just good . 
  that sounds pretty accurate , actually . 
  why ca n't you guys do one thing awfully wrong ? 
  stop being being so good at everything , will you ? 
  nah , just kidding . 
  i have a lot of respect for your place . 
  does an air gun ( or pellet gun , or whatever they 're called ) count ? 
  those are perfectly legal in the netherlands without a licence , as long as you 're at least 18 year old . 
  they can be quite dangerous . 
  a friend of mine almost got shot in his good kidney by accident once . 
  not good when you already have kidney problems . 
  it was a pretty powerful model , though . 
  you do n't want them in your eye either . 
  and you could always go to a gun range . 
  you can fire some pretty heavy weaponry there . 
  how the heck is the netherlands higher than the nordic countries ? 
  the netherlands is overrated . 
  the education system is mediocre and socioeconomic mobility is n't exactly on par with the nordic countries either . 
  there are better countries to live in . 
  denmark , for example . 
  that sentence can mean anything . 
  change the country how ? 
  more crime ? 
  more people enjoying free education and becoming scientists ? 
  more drug addicts ? 
  more entrepreneurs ? 
  more unemployment ? 
  all of those things are examples of changes , but all of them are completely different . 
  well , i dunno which one , but it 'll definitely be a nordic country . 
  mostly because if there 's such a thing as a best country on earth , it 's one of them . 
  with their excellent social policies and vast wealth , they make other countries look like third world nations by comparison . 
  just look at any statistics . 
  they 're simply statistically the best countries to live in . 
  let 's be honest , though , the american education system is simply inferior . 
  if it was n't , we 'd have seen it in the reports . 
  you can argue against it all you want , but in the end , it 's the objective data that counts . 
  then you should have more capacity . 
  you do n't get a half-assed education system without trying . 
  especially since you could easily afford it . 
  especially if you 're such a productive nation . 
  you have more money , more people ( which also equals more money ) and hell , you could easily cut down your health care funding by half and still have enough money left to make it better than it is right now . 
  other countries spend half as much per capita and get better results . 
  you 're not too poor to improve capacity of decent education . 
  all that 's needed is a somewhat thought through spending , rather than just blindly throwing money around and wasting half of it . 
  and anyone with enough intelligence to at least pass subjects is automatically admitted ? 
  or is it for the special cases who never got a mark below 9/10 ? 
  well , the world 's top 50 or so universities are more prestigious , yes , but how many people can actually get into one of those , even if you assume they have the intelligence and ambition required to at least pass subjects ? 
  how many people can afford that ? 
  what use is it having so many ivy league universities when most people simply do n't have the means to get into one ? 
  still , would n't it help if the underclass was able to attend an at least half decent school , instead of one that 's actually worse than having no education at all ? 
  yeah , health care spending per capita is through the roof . 
  but all of that money is wasted . 
  the us does n't invest the slightest bit of energy in actually making sure that money is put to good use . 
  the health care system performs below oecd average . 
  all of that energy is spent on the military . 
  and education ... well , i 'll gladly criticise the dutch education system for being bad , but at least they have an education system that brings some sort of results . 
  there is a reason why even a system as bad as the dutch tends to look a lot better than the us education system in reports and international rankings . 
  as a result , americans have to pay out of their asses just to get a poor education and health care services , while other countries get much more done with less money . 
   we ca n't rely on usa indefinitely . 
  well , it is what they 're mostly bred for . 
  to be our hirelings , so we do n't have to do the dirty work ourselves , and can instead spend our money on more useful things , like education or health care . 
  fuck you . 
  i hope i 'll some day be able to unsee that similarity t ~ t ( or in other words : he kinda does . 
  but unlike trump he 's actually a pretty chill dude ), 
  i feel left out . 
  that 's it , i 'm moving to germany . 
  next year : `` ex-kremlin internet troll dies from mysterious polonium poisoning '' . 
  the french have been trying to exterminate frogs ( and snails ) for a long time now , using their biggest weapon : the culinary arts . 
  but it seems like there are just too many . 
  a beer trip to belgium sounds awesome . 
  do n't forget to visit all those trappist abbeys . 
  it 's that place where limburgers really come from . 
  there 's a reason they 're also known as `` spare belgians '' . 
  i call lies . 
  there were no pictures of beer . 
  belgium is beer , and beer is belgium . 
  belgium without beer is like a rich guy without money . 
  i think because it 's cheap and it 's beer . 
  the dutch are sticklers for cheap . 
  and maybe some good marketing . 
  i did n't want to imply that dutch craft beer is just jopen and la trappe . 
  those were just two examples .
