  and let 's be honest , if americans started shooting in defiance of their government , the us would just employ drones and the like . 
  those little handguns wo n't do much against the military 's toys . 
  since when is liberty sacred in the us ? 
  yes , they pretend it is , but then you 've got organisations like the nsa or the cia , which pose a danger to that . 
  liberty is pure rhetoric in the us . 
  it does n't actually mean anything . 
  and do we really have adopt the jingoism and fascism/nationalism that the us expresses ? 
  is n't it enough that one dump is already that bad ? 
  i 'm disappointed . 
  twents should be on that map as well . 
  a ' j in ' t plat k\u00f6nt proat 'n moe ' j om mich nich loat ` n. 
  wait , we have politicians that can actually think straight ? 
  i 'm me . 
  i live in europe , i was born here , but i 'm not europe . 
  there are too many cultural variations to really feel european . 
  there is n't a real european identity to identify with . 
  if anything , i identify more with twente than anything else ( even though i mostly grew up in north holland , my roots and family have always been here ) , but even that feeling is n't that strong . 
  i suppose i like belgium for their beer , and the nordic countries for their good social policies , but i feel closer to closer to indonesia or south africa than to croatia ( just to take a random example ) . 
  national pride is meaningless . 
  even if there was such a thing as a `` best country in the world '' , and even if you lived in said country , you did n't do anything to make said country so great . 
  you 're merely leeching off it . 
  not only that , governments and parties can use nationalism for propaganda , fascist rhetoric and indoctrination , tactics that are very present in countries such as the us or russia . 
  nationalism also dulls critical thinking , it can fuel prejudices , hatred and wars . 
  nationalism leads to nothing good . 
  nationalists are a danger to humanity . 
  admittedly , it 's definitely not exclusively american , but americans are among the most nationalistic people that i know of . 
  maybe i should have said `` american , russian or japanese idea '' . 
  those are probably the three most nationalistic peoples that i can think of . 
  especially russians . 
  i 've had the splendid honour of conversing with a few of nationalist russians . 
  i 'd rather try and convince a redneck of socialism being a good thing or evolution theory being true than have any argument with a russian nationalist . 
  americans are often ridiculously nationalistic . 
  it 's quite often that they pretend to have done everything , even if they only contributed a little . 
  for example , the commonwealth did at least as much against the nazis as the us did , yet it 's not the british who are the most eager to use `` we won the war '' rhetoric . 
  and as far as being proud of a country goes ... let 's pretend my country had the best education system in the world ( our education system is pretty shitty , but let 's pretend for the sake of the argument ) . 
  why should i be proud of that ? 
  did i come up with the organisation and social structures necessary to make the education system so good ? 
  no , i did nothing to help . 
  it was n't my doing . 
  what if my country was the most beautiful thing ever ( which again , it is n't ) ? 
  i can barely keep my potted plants alive . 
  i was n't of much help in making this country look better or worse . 
  let 's imagine that the national football team wins the fifa finals . 
  well , i guess i 'll get some extra rebates and drink a bit more beer , but i was n't on the playing field . 
  national pride is silly . 
  it serves no purpose , and no good will come from it . 
  it 's only useful in propaganda methods . 
  conjuring feelings of nationalism in the public , and then pushing your own agenda while using nationalist rhetoric to explain why you 're adhering the country 's values through that agenda , or why your opponents are unpatriotic or even unconstitutional , and should be shunned . 
  nationalism is a tool to keep the general public docile and under control . 
  i think `` load words '' should be `` loan words '' . 
  and dutch does have a few native words with the c in it . 
  a lot of words are indeed loan words , but not all of them are . 
  i think most native words are `` ch '' words . 
  these words are pronounced as / x / . 
  there are also words that probably came from other languages , but have gotten a dutch form and are regarded as native . 
  concentratie , for example . 
  in this case , it 's the english c . we should be both teal and dark orange . 
  there is no reason to be particularly proud or ashamed of one 's country . 
  that 's an american idea . 
  you did n't have an effect on any of those things . 
  also , i really do n't like nationalism . 
  it 's for fascists . 
  but if i had to be proud of something , my great grandparents were in the resistance , and smuggled weapons around in my grandmother 's pram , if i remember the stories correctly . 
  i guess that something nice . 
  there is n't much reason for shame either , but one of the things i do often complain about is our education system . 
  yes , it 's above average . 
  it 's still an ineffective and inefficient shit . 
  we 're not the nordic countries . 
  we should look jealously to them . 
  they 're great welfare states and socioeconomic powerhouses . 
  also , was n't the finnish education system considered to be among the world 's best ? 
  we could learn a lot from the finnish in that case . 
  i hope it does n't spread to the rest of the country . 
  i have n't seen it happen yet , here in twente ( although my perception may be skewed , considering i 'm often at the university , and thus often around highly educated folks ) . 
  and i 'd like you to join us because of your beer . 
  join me , and together , we can rule the beer world as father and son !, 
  as a dutchman , belgium . 
  because beer . 
  i love a good ale . 
  join me , and together , we can rule the beer world as father and son !, 
  i used to toy with the idea of starting my own country . 
  not seriously , of course , just to wonder how that would go . 
  actually , i 'm tempted to apply for a dual citizenship , just for fun . 
  how in earth are we supposed to give it any sort of number ? 
  but judging from some descriptions given here , we probably score a `` danish '' . 
  unless you ask a frisian . 
  frysk speakers are very nationalistic in that regard . 
  i know a frisian guy who considers dutch his third language . 
  he prefers to speak frysk or english . 
  but frisians are just different . 
  they 're kind of like scots , actually . 
  part of a bigger nation and not always that happy about it . 
  and just like scottish , frisian is completely unintelligible to the uninitiated . 
  i was sleepy . 
  tl ; dr : putin wants to annex the other balkan states as well and intends to return to the good old days of the soviet union . 
  wait , but i thought all christians were catholics !, 
  / s , but that is how they 're often portrayed . 
  are you trolling ? 
  it 's actually top-fermented beers that are known to be inconsistent . 
  that implies that there is a good side to us politics .
