  well , i did say that the belgians are better . 
  well , i did say that the belgians are better . 
  unfortunately , those two things tend to be synonymous . 
  and yet , so many shitty brands . 
  why everyone drinks shitty things like heineken , or worse , grolsch , is beyond me . 
  well , if belgium did rejoin the netherlands , i think we could call ourselves the undisputed leader of the beer world . 
  the netherlands does export a shitload of beer ( we are one of the largest exporters , in fact , possibly even the largest although reports on that vary ) , but let 's be honest , belgians are just better at actually making the stuff . 
  one of the nordic countries . 
  not sure yet which , but they 've got social policies , education , standards of living , etc. 
  figured out . 
  they should be regarded as examples to the rest of the world . 
  the netherlands is kinda shitty in those respects . 
  especially our education system . 
  it leaves a lot to be wished for . 
  and yes , i realise the place scores well in world rankings . 
  that merely means that other countries ' education systems are even worse . 
  just one of many things we 're importing from our masters , the united states of america , which also happens to be the best cuntry on earth . 
  i feel stupid for actually believing their use of anti-nazi rhetoric actually meant they were anti-nazist . 
  it 's russia , of course it 's just pro russian propaganda rather than actual anti-nazist propaganda . 
  pretty much everything there works that way . 
  i should have figured . 
  wait , russians are doing this ? 
  they allow that ? 
  russians , of all people ? 
  if there is one population that absolutely detests nazis , it 's russians !, 
  not sure . 
  i 've never really researched the flemish system . 
  it seems they have some similarities . 
  i do see some criticism , such as a bad orientation on study choice . 
  i do n't know how well different years follow up on each other . 
  that was one of my problems . 
  especially the steps from third year to fourth year and from my sixth to university were problematic . 
  we also had a lot of practically useless kwt hours in high school . 
  an hour of mostly self-study . 
  it only exists because they could n't plan 30 or so hours of real classes , but they still wanted you to be at school for so many hours a week . 
  you had to pick a class that you 'd go to , and you always chose one you 'd then not need ( which you could never predict ) . 
  i just went to the media room or the aula every time and read a book or do something useless . 
  kwt is just wasted time . 
  it has no right to exist . 
  does flanders have such hours ? 
  i probably have more criticism , but i 'm bad at remembering my own critique . 
   our government and education system are still a lot better then other european countries . 
  says more about them than about us . 
  ah , you 're right . 
  it 's been too long since i last did set theory . 
  though you could probably say iceland , norway , switzerland \u2209 european union . 
  better : { iceland , norway , switzerland } \u2284 european union, 
  how did the netherlands get dark blue ? 
  we have a joke party that got 15 % of the votes and our education system is balls ( and we have a minister of education trying to make it even worse ) . 
  i find it remarkable how easy it is to score well on this map . 
  what is `` european '' really ? 
  we 're not a people . 
  we do n't really have that much in common . 
  how can i feel part of a group that has no real property to bind them together ? 
  i did recently realise that i 'm very much a lowlander , though . 
  you can make me happy with ( raw ) fish . 
  the only landscape that seems natural and proper to me is a flat one . 
  i do n't really see the need for a car because i already have a bicycle . 
  almost all of my favourite beers are belgian ( most of them trappist ales ) and i can certainly appreciate a good jenever . 
  and i feel somewhat strongly about these things . 
  but i do n't have much with other european countries . 
  i like to visit them . 
  i like a good weissbier or bratwurst , and some authentic german buildings look pretty good . 
  never met a german who was n't nice , either . 
  but i could n't really live in germany . 
  i appreciate the uk , which has a rich and diverse culture . 
  i love the brits , but i do have my share of criticism about their government . 
  i 've been to italy , and some things ( especially the archaeological bits ) impressed me . 
  i think the nordic countries are great examples to the rest of the world , being such socioeconomic powerhouses . 
  i can get behind a lot of their social policies . 
  i have enjoyed quite a few summers there as well . 
  i 've had a good time in many european counties , but deep inside , i 'm just out of place when i 'm not in the benelux , like an elephant in scotland or a samurai in france . 
  i do n't consider myself a nationalist , i criticise things around here a lot and my friends will tell you that i 'm not a nationalist ( and as a matter of fact really have something against them ) , but in the end , i 'm really a part of this place , as much as bricks are part of a building . 
  it simply does n't belong anywhere else . 
  a brick is n't proud of what it is part of , but it 's still certainly a part . 
  even after everything that happened , i 'm still arguably in favour of the eu , although i 've never given it too much thought . 
  no one could argue that it should n't have been governed differently . 
  mistakes have been made but it does seem like the way things should be . 
  definitely . 
  although at least i have a name that could have been in use some 2000 years ago . 
  i have 3 names ( as was usual at the time ) , all of which stem from latin . 
  i guess that still pretty cool too . 
  although i would prefer the middle name \u00de\u00f3r . 
  yeah , though the american political system is a complete joke anyway . 
  it 's because they all sound like there 's a hot potato in their mouths , i bet . 
  i just cried a little inside . 
  i ca n't even get 15gb even if i pas willing to pay 1000 euros a month . 
  i can get 6gb at hi for 27 euros a month ( with 0 minutes , 500 minutes makes 36 euros ) or 8 gb and 0 minutes with a free xperia z2 for 42 a month ( 51 with 500 minutes ) . 
  and hi is definitely not the most expensive provider . 
  perhaps even one of the cheaper ones . 
  and yet again democracy has to make way for the will of corporations . 
  it is n't just asia and the us where corporations hold far too much political power . 
  enemy of your enemy . 
  and he 's correct . 
  the us did n't exactly make things in the middle east any better . 
  i 've always said he is n't as dumb as he pretends to be . 
  if he acts like a moron , it 's more because it 's likely to get him more votes from the masses , rather than because he really is that dumb . 
  he can simply afford to act dumb , but he knows how this world works . 
  he just does n't have the morality to change it for the better . 
  that would make a huge difference .
