  if we sound like we 're choking , that 's just because our sentence happens to have the letter g in many of the words . 
  makes one wonder , what does it sound like to have a potato stuck in your throat ? 
  while , you 're often the miniature us of europe . 
  you guys have a reputation to live up to . 
  i 'm still wondering how some people manage to be thin as a twig no matter what they eat , while i 'm still borderline obese even though i bicycle almost every day and on some days eat nothing other than a single dinner portion . 
  well , you 're still doing kind of well in this chart . 
  you 're not as obese as some countries , but you 're still pretty fat . 
  i was actually expecting norway to score higher on this . 
  how are we less obese than greece ? 
  we 're in the rich part of europe . 
  greece is broke . 
  the world must have some really poor education systems if my place ranks ninth place . 
  i 'm tempted to think she 's delusional either way , whether she considers herself a `` person of colour '' or not . 
  for a moment i was surprised that this did n't happen in the us . 
  i guess i just assumed this sort of thing would only happen in the us when i saw the headlines . 
  but then i saw that it happened in the uk . 
  in some aspects , that 's practically the same thing . 
  that 's some pretty decent scores . 
  i do n't think i 'd mind trying one of those . 
  they even have a few tripels/quadrupels/belgian darks . 
  i 'm mostly fond of trappist ales , and many of those are tripels or quadrupels . 
  although i do n't mind a good ( hefe ) weizen either . 
  i think you failed to catch the sarcasm . 
  some of the beer you 've ever tasted , yes ? 
   i do n't get sentimental about any eu symbolism or institution either . 
  i do , but not in a positive way . 
  fuck nationalism . 
  i do not oppose the eu itself , but seriously fuck flag-worshipping . 
  i did n't know there was such a thing as europe day , i did n't know it was today and i still have no idea what it would mean , if it really means anything . 
  is this some response to american flag-worshipping ? 
  because i do n't support that sort of thing , no matter if it 's because you 're indoctrinated to believe your place is actually `` the best '' or if it is in response to foreigners who are indoctrinated to believe such a thing about their own country . 
  wtf , norway , one of the countries that i hold the most esteem for , had such a law ? 
  most people enjoying their `` right to blaspheme '' are stupid bigots , but i 'll gladly defend their right to be that way . 
  we need that right in a modern democratic society . 
  no , the real question is : will it blend ? 
  yay for flag-worshipping . 
  all hail our great flag . 
  let 's swear an oath to it , while we 're at it . 
  i suppose you are connected then . 
  but you 're not a 1/16th irish person who has never even visited the place . 
  that 's just an american fooling himself . 
  i might actually be 1/8th or even 1/4th gypsy , but i do n't consider myself a gypsy either . 
  i have n't got anything to show for it , apart from tanning a bit quicker than others . 
  the thing is , you just are n't connected to it anymore . 
  unless you happen to have an irish/italian/german / whatever passport and/or have direct relatives , you just are n't . 
  you 're not voting on what happens in those countries , and whatever politics happen there do not relate to you . 
  and if you were ever connected to europe , it 's a europe of the past . 
  europe has changed a lot in the past century . 
  sometimes , the only thing that keeps me sane is my belief and acceptance that if you think about how retarded the general public is , they 'll turn out to be even worse . 
  we 're not as liberal in regards to drugs as you might think , actually . 
  our drug laws are kind of confusing as well . 
  some things are legal , some things are technically illegal , but no one enforces them , and some things are plain illegal . 
  i 'm not sure how many people know what 's what . 
  i sort of like being envied like that . 
  not that i think we 're so great , but it means that some people are still considering how their country could be a better place and looking at other examples . 
  i probably envy people from the nordic countries in a somewhat similar fashion . 
  of course they do n't do everything right either , but they have a lot of good things that we do n't have . 
  i 'm not so much talking about the people as i am about social policies . 
  it has an extremely strong effect , even when it is n't being manipulated . 
  fptp has a strong tendency to lead to bipartisan systems . 
  sometimes a 3 party system , but rarely more . 
  you do n't get an outcome with 11 parties , the biggest one or two getting 20 % and the rest getting less , depending on popularity . 
  and in practice , it 's also very susceptible to things such as gerrymandering , as well as other types of manipulation . 
  vote splitting/spoiler effect also come to mind . 
  these things can be manipulated as well and are particularly present in fptp . 
  actually , while i do criticise a lot of other countries , there are a few that i hold in higher esteem than my own country . 
  the nordic countries do a lot of things right , for example . 
  possibly more so than any other country . 
  why do i have difficulty believing that claim ? 
  maybe if it was any other country that performed the annexation . 
  but the us and russia ? 
  i guess i do . 
  people are nuanced . 
  if voting outcome , as well as the resulting parliament , does n't represent nuance , it is wrong . 
  ca n't they at least understand a few words , though ? 
  well at any rate , you get my point . 
   alot http://hyperboleandahalf.blogspot.nl/2010/04/alot-is-better-than-you-at-everything.html?m=1 i do n't really get this `` americans identifying as irish '' ( or any nationality ) thing . 
  if you ask me , unless you or your parents know quite a few irish words from growing up in ireland , you 're probably not irish . 
  why would you consider yourself irish/italian/whatever just because your grandparents neighbour 's cousin 's dog is an irish terrier ? 
  by that logic , i 'm a gypsy . 
  a white blue eyes blond gypsy who ca n't even play a fiddle or guitar . 
  my estranged granddad actually had dark skin and lived like one . 
  i 'm a little disappointed that the netherlands got `` to study '' . 
  i 'm not impressed with our education system . 
  although i suppose we have decent universities . 
  that fact makes me a bit less disappointed . 
  our southern neighbours getting `` beer '' the on the other hand ... well , belgians just make the best beer . 
  heck , i 'd say there 's something wrong if a leader or a party gets 50 % or more of the votes . 
  is it really democracy if it 's first past the post ? 
  well , i have always argued that first past the post is the most manipulable and undemocratic system out of all systems that are supposed to resemble democracy . 
  i would n't go so far as to call fptp ( and systems based on it ) democratic , of course , but i acknowledge that it 's supposed to resemble democracy . 
  i 'm sure they 'll be convinced that those who rise up are n't real americans . 
  just muslim infiltrants come to take over the country , or something . 
  may not be the most accurate , but when has propaganda ever been accurate ? 
   on top of that , if the usa started shooting on it 's own civilians , expect mass desertion . 
  even if those civilians are `` terrorists '' ? 
  americans are far too indoctrinated to care about `` terrorists '' , even if they have the american nationality . 
  well , i debate , i vote for parties that want more sovereignty from the us , i occasionally donate money to causes that oppose american practices , and yes , i blame the lapdog governments . 
  what else should i do ? 
  i know how eager americans are to tell you that they have their guns in case their government becomes oppressive , but i 'd rather prefer a method that will not require me to harm others and get myself labelled a terrorist and possibly killed .
