  i do n't really see that happening in this experiment . 
  just because humans might stem from intelligent design does n't mean that human inventions do as well . 
  some humans will invent computers , other invent a language that sounds like you 've got a potato stuck in your throat . 
  yeah , but russians are actually just a bunch of closet fags . 
  no one is that anti-gay unless they 're secretly struggling with it themselves . 
  yeah , you have the most educated people , but that 's not because your education system is any good , buy just because any sizeable country that 's at least somewhat developed will have a few highly educated people . 
  hell , our education system can barely be described as `` adequate '' , if you ask me , and we 're supposed to be among the world top 10 education systems . 
  you do n't even have something i could call an education system , just a few quality universities that only a lucky few get to attend . 
  just a small fraction of the population , which is only a lot in absolute numbers because we 're talking about one of the largest populations on the planet . 
  anything meaningful the us has is because the us has a large population . 
  you have a big army , but there 's also a large population to draw soldiers from . 
  you have a lot of big corporations , because you have a lot of people who could potentially start a successful company . 
  you have a lot of money because a ) there is a small percentage of people who hold most of it ( which is still a relatively large amount of people ) and a lot of average joes , each with a few bucks to spend . 
  when you have 320 million people , that adds up . 
  it 's because your people are bred to be soldiers so that we do n't have to do the dirty work . 
  we can spend our money on more useful things , like health care and education . 
  but we do n't like our assets going rogue and mistaking us for the enemy . 
  also , there are plenty of organisations similar to those you 've just mentioned . 
  you do n't have a monopoly on controversial practices , even if your country does the most espionage , and drones and tortures the most innocents . 
  and i 'll call on apples to become more like bananas . 
  like it will ever happen . 
  the us and fair trials ? 
  i have n't had such a good laugh in a long time . 
  the childishness of geert wilders ( or kiat vielders , as he 's called in this video ) will never cease to amaze me . 
  oh well , he has the right to be the national fool . 
  let him air his cartoons if he wants . 
  funny how often we 're right next to the nordic countries in statistics . 
  although we rarely beat any of them . 
  now i understand what truly happened to icaros . 
  it was n't some kind of stupidity or scattermindedness that caused him to fly to the sun , it was fiscal disaster that did him in . 
  if even the uk ( whom i consider lapdogs to the us ) says it , ttip must be really bad . 
  you just made me almost instantly fond of him . 
  you guys need pr . 
  first past the post is horrible . 
  also relevant : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r9rgx91rq5i, 
  finish my university education and move to better horizons . 
  probably some nordic country . 
  i have yet to find better contenders for the title of `` best country on earth '' than the nordic countries . 
  they 're filthy rich and have excellent socioeconomic structures and mobility . 
  and i have my share of contacts there , so i would n't be completely alone in an unknown part of the world . 
  when your country becomes renowned for torturing innocents , droning them or putting them in concentration camps , when it shows it 's aiming for unlimited espionage , when it shows it has no morality left and is overly nationalistic , it should not be a surprise when some people draw the connection between your country and past governments that are famous for much the same things . 
  and a certain specific government that was famous for those things was rather obsessed with swastikas . 
  that 's a fair point . 
  english is probably the most random language i know of , and i 'm a native dutch speaker for crying out loud . 
  my native tongue is already considered difficult because there are exceptions everywhere . 
   that thing germans call language that made me laugh a bit . 
  i sometimes call the german language `` greek grammar with dutch words '' . 
  all the nominative , dative , etc stuff . 
  german really is a tricky language . 
  on t the bright side , the uk still is n't as antidemocratic as the us . 
  they employ an even more fucked up version of fptp . 
  at least the uk maintains some degree of nuance . 
  i would have expected the us to rank higher . 
  heck , americans are practically bred to be soldiers so that we do n't have to do the dirty work ourselves and can spend our money in more useful things , like education or health care . 
  sometimes weird ? 
  i think it 's more accurate that he 's sometimes correct , in the same way that a broken clock is sometimes correct . 
  because he 's plain insane and arrogant at all other times . 
  i do n't fear russia . 
  i just hate them even more than i hate the us government . 
  i expected dublin to look more like a city . 
  there are a lot of highway , parks , golf clubs and patches of nothing between several pieces of city . 
  it 's almost like a lot of villages got near one another but never quite fused into a big city . 
  i 'm used to cities being a sea of buildings that abruptly stops as soon as you cross the city borders . 
  dublin is not such a city . 
  it 's simple : some countries still care about education . 
  germany does that . 
  the us does n't . 
  this is also an investment . 
  it 's the highly educated that bring in real money . 
  big tech companies and the like are more likely to be started by students , as they tend to have a better understanding of things . 
  and of course there 's simply more taxable income . 
  note that german universities are also guaranteed to be of decent quality . 
  like the dutch , they have two categories of higher education : hochschule/hogeschool and university . 
  the first is already reasonable , but universities will always be direct competitors to the most prestigious institutions of other countries . 
  the us , on the other hand , calls almost anything that teaches you to tie your shoelaces a university . 
  yes , the us has some famous and prestigious universities , but a great many other universities are just shit . 
  i 'm not really sure if american education is worth the money or the effort unless you have a shot at attending mit or harvard . 
  those yankee flag-worshippers can put their preclearance where the sun does n't shine . 
  first of all , they have very similar political systems . 
  both employ a system based on first past the post . 
  a system designed to be extremely manipulable ( through various means , such as gerrymandering ) and antidemocratic . 
  it would be more democratic to elect government officials through die rolls . 
  both countries are also very rightwing . 
  not to mention that the uk is practically a lapdog to the us , even more so than other european countries . 
  the uk has barely any sovereignty left . 
  if the nsa ( or some other us agency ) asks the uk to jump , the uk asks `` how high ? '', 
  both countries are very hostile to freedom and privacy . 
  and let 's not forget huge differences between the rich and the poor . 
  no , italy and greece are a different kind of ridiculous . 
  just as ridiculous , but in a much different manner . 
  does n't surprise me . 
  the uk is like a miniature us in many respects . 
  why does the us think they have to handle this ? 
  these guys deserve their due , but they 've got shit to do with the us . 
  the us simply is n't relevant in any way . 
  should n't switzerland just handle this entirely by themselves ? 
  why does the us feel they have to stick their nose into it . 
  the us can go fuck itself . 
  touche . 
  our language sounds like someone is trying to shred paper or gurgling something that 's stuck in their throat ( or possibly even their feet ) .
