  not really , no . 
  but it 's not as bad as grolsch . 
  i do n't know much about poland . 
  i only know that the us does n't translate too well to the political system i 'm most familiar with . 
  those beers do have some pretty good ratings . 
  i need to get my hands on one of those . 
  though i 'm generally not fond of too bitter beer . 
  i 'm more of a belgian tripel person . 
  alright , have an upvote . 
  this is a post i can agree with . 
  the problem with dutch beer culture is that cheap pilsner is incredibly popular . 
  heineken , grolsch , that sort of stuff . 
  quite a few others as well . 
  it 's not very good beer , but it 's cheap , and that one thing the dutch value highly . 
  those companies are also very big , so they have the money to dominate the scene . 
  but the netherlands does have a few pretty good beers . 
  i can appreciate jopen , and la trappe has some good stuff as well . 
  la trappe quadrupel is actually what got me into beer . 
  my favourite beer from them would be la trappe bock ( which , unfortunately , is a seasonal beer ) . 
  sanders is a centre left guy , that some describe as a social democrat . 
  so maybe pvda ? 
  the sp is probably too leftist . 
  or just maybe d66 . 
  hillary clinton , i think d66 . 
  i do n't think that d66 is a particularly good fit , but it 's the least right wing party that 's still progressive . 
  the party does n't really have competitors that are particularly similar to them . 
  although perhaps we 'd have to look in a much more conservative part of the spectrum . 
  clinton is progressive by american standards , but that holds true for almost everything . 
  i ca n't shake the feeling that maybe the cda would be a better fit . 
  especially since i think bernie sanders would fit in better with d66 than clinton would . 
  it 's just really difficult to translate american politics to any other system . 
  the us is in a lot of ways very conservative and undeveloped . 
  that makes any politician who is n't a complete idiot stand out immediately . 
  it 's easy to overestimate how progressive or leftist some american politicians are . 
  especially since we have about 2 parties for any american republican . 
  it 's either off to the pvv if you 're a nationalist idiot , or off to the sgp if you 're a `` christian '' idiot . 
  the last one is a small and mostly insignificant party . 
  the pvv is the biggest threat to common sense that we have . 
  it will be some kind of disease . 
  cancer , tuberculosis , cholera or something like that . 
  cancer is probably the most popular of the bunch . 
  and cunt is also pretty popular . 
  it 's actually used as a curse , in a fashion similar to `` fuck '' and `` fucking '' . 
  we should send putin an email about filthy americans in dota2 openly criticising his government and indulging in homoerotic mysticism to speed up the process . 
  i feel slightly tempted to actually do it . 
  has anyone got putin 's hotmail ? 
  in the netherlands , we have 3 christian parties in parliament . 
  the most relevant party would be cda ( currently the fifth biggest party ) , which has 13 of the 150 seats . 
  it 's a party in the political centre , being neither left nor right . 
  the party used to be more important . 
  jan-peter balkenende , a member of cda , was prime minister for 8 years , until 2010 . 
  he was immensely popular for the first so many years , during his stay . 
  he sat through 4 cabinets as prime minister . 
  however , how christian the cda really is , is open to debate . 
  i do n't think they have such a strong christian fingerprint . 
  they may occasionally show a rationale inspired by christianity , but not much more than that . 
  then there 's the cu ( 5 seats ) . 
  it 's also fairly centre , though a bit left leaning on certain social issues , although a bit right on some other matters . 
  perhaps you could say that they combine some degree of socialism with a certain degree of conservatism . 
  and then there 's the sgp ( 3 seats , conservative and definitely christian themed ) . 
  they 're the closest thing we have to the american gop . 
  they 're barely relevant , however , as they have only 3 seats out of 150 . 
  they might occasionally manage to exert some influence , but they are really small . 
  if you 're both christian and insane , you should vote for them . 
  all in all , i 'd say religion has a very limited role in politics . 
  our biggest christian party is n't very christian . 
  they show some influences , but they do n't have any opinions that a random atheist could conclude . 
  the other two are more christian , but are very small parties . 
  we also are n't too conservative . 
  the biggest conservative parties are not inherently religious . 
  the shortest version would ( omitting details that do n't get as much focus ) : hitler conquering us , after which a lot of terror happened . 
  strong focus on the holocaust , and the concentration camps . 
  we had the resistance somewhat fighting against the nazis in secret , or trying to hide jews , broadcasting pirate radio channels , or sometimes helping the allies out . 
  and then the british ( and also the rest of the commonwealth , americans were also involved , but i 'd say the british were the most important , as they did all the difficult stuff , like cracking the enigma ) launching d-day and liberating us . 
  see , the dutch education system really does suck , just as i 've always said . 
  we are bested by the nordic countries yet again . 
  it 's the us . 
  everyone is a terrorist unless proven otherwise . 
  guilty until proven innocent , and all that . 
  i think i 've seen this before . 
  i said it then and i 'll say it again : i 'm not too happy about the netherlands getting `` to study '' as the most searched term . 
  i do n't think the dutch education system could really be called good . 
  it 's got a decent framework , but poor implementation . 
  we do n't have a good reputation because education here is actually good , but because everyone else sucks . 
  if you want good education , go to a country that ranks higher according to the oecd or some other organisation . 
  assuming we do n't get the type of state that has already developed numerous times throughout history : a state that brands certain profiles as `` dangerous '' and that will gladly crack down on those who fit that profile or even make them disappear . 
  i 'm sure that `` uses encryption '' will be part of such a profile . 
  you know , east berlin , videla , etc. 
  lots of examples . 
  and things like this are why the uk is just a puppet state of the us . 
  they 're equally hostile to freedom and privacy . 
  privacy is required for things such as security and freedom . 
  history has proven that the latter two can not exist without the former . 
  and that 's because `` the bad guys '' ( be it terrorists , drug dealers , communists , or whatever it is that there 's currently a `` war '' on ) are not the only danger . 
  governments can be a potential danger as well , and they often become dangerous to ordinary civilians when they cracked down on privacy . 
  how many examples are there of governments that kept their integrity when they tried to learn too much about their population ? 
  i ca n't recall any . 
  how often has it gone wrong ? 
  too often already . 
  the nazis were keen on finding out who were loyal aryans , and east berlin was n't fun during the cold war either .
