there are beautiful , almost empty beaches all over thailand . 
  why do seemingly 99 % of tourists cram into the main holiday destinations like pattaya and phuket ? 
  because it 's easy and that 's where everyone else is going too ? 
  i hereby nominate this the worst analogy of the day . 
  but it probably makes some sense . 
  most of us are n't adventurers willing to take a jump into the dark . 
  it 's natural to avoid extra risks . 
   jobs are everywhere . 
  not here . 
  not without language skills . 
  skilled it workers being a small exception . 
   benefits if you 've ever lived on benefits , chances are you 'll know it 's not fun in the long run . 
  yeah , they do n't have to worry about starving or freezing , but that leaves the beneficiary with a lot of free time . 
  a lot of free time , and no money to do anything with it . 
  i know some people are ok with doing nothing , but for many it 's a highway to depression . 
  combine that with the typically shitty weather and long dark winter over here . 
   i do n't know any cool person who 's a xenophobe . 
  you seem to be hating xenophobia with passion so it 's hardly not a surprise . 
  what 's cool is subjective after all . 
  to be fair , is there anyone you find cool on this website ? 
  most of the comments you make seem to be angry and politically motivated . 
  2 month old account and an anonymous username , blasting away loaded comments does n't sound much more than being a dickish troll ( . . and also might explain the downvotes rather than some sort of imaginary right wing brigade ) . 
  ease up a bit with browsing / r/europe maybe , if you do n't enjoy what you 're doing . 
  lots of other stuff to do in life . 
  due to not being interested into ending up into infinite argument loops with angry people on the internet i wont be reading any replies to this comment . 
  hahaa , i used to think like that when i was younger . 
  7.3 billion people , ca n't save everyone . 
  anyone who honestly feels bad for the death of someone they never saw and did n't even known existed is going to have a pretty bad time on this planet . 
  we 'll say `` that 's terrible !, 
  ( thankfully it was n't me or anyone i kenew ) '' and keep going on with our daily troubles . 
  is it a dumb move in the end , eh ? 
  to die in a war like in syria is utterly meaningless . 
  hell , the war itself is utterly meaningless . 
  it 's nothing but a war game funded with billions of dollars by external powers . 
  doubt that was meant here . 
  rewording op 's idea : any trade restrictions imposed on one country by an external country would be applied to all eu countries . 
  although i think it would be rather useless at least in this particular case . 
  i imagine most eu countries do n't have any timber trade with russia to begin with so further trade restrictions would hardly have any impact . 
  there are of course other little things , like if the patient dies regardless of calling an ambulance it becomes a police matter . 
  well anyway , like the paper said , it 's the fear of prosecution . 
  apparently the key to reducing overdose deaths is to reliably remove that fear in one way or another . 
  [ frisher , 2012 , preventing opioid overdoses in europe ] ( http://www.emcdda.europa.eu/attachements.cfm/att_190074_en_preventing%20overdose%20report.pdf )  figure 7 shows that fear of prosecution prevents 93 % of a sample of drug users from summoning help after witnessing an overdose . 
  however , 31 % would call for help if they felt sure that there was no police involvement . 
  you write  the doctors/medics do n't give a shit that what you did was illegal pretty sure medical confidentiality is not in effect in germany when talking with an emergency number operator . 
  edit : let me rephrase that - either way medical confidentiality means anything said to a medical personnel can not be used against the person in the court . 
  that does n't stop the police from doing independent investigations and find evidence by other means . 
  maybe add also the threshold for seeking help being lower . 
  for example in an overdose situation , people who are in the process of doing something criminal are n't exactly in a good position to call for an ambulance . 
  yeah , a lot of it is old but certainly not obsolete for some forms of warfare like insurgency . 
  if i had to guess , i 'd say there 's equipment for everyone from wearables to radios , although some poor buggers might have to wear steel helmets . 
  some years back the fdf was planning to dispose of 100000 assault rifles because of not seeing any use for them . 
  they were models bought from east germany and china in the 90s . 
  they were never used . 
  do n't know if they ended up disposing them . 
  anyway , sako and valmet produced 350000 + rk-62 assault rifles according to wikipedia . 
  granted some ( tens of ? ), 
  thousands of them must have broken over the years . 
  then there are x thousands of various variants of rk-62 and 20000 rk 95 . 
  so 300000 assault rifles in reserve does n't sound unreasonable . 
  there is no analogy bridge between a tank crew member and a rifleman , and a riot police officer and a police officer . 
  the former are dedicated to two completely different tasks while the latter are , under normal conditions , dedicated to the same task : being police officers . 
    riot police are regular police [ with extra training and ] in a different jacket . 
  good enough ? 
  no need to make bad analogies , yay !, 
   you 're limited to the courses where finnish professors ** try to ** lecture in english . 
  right , good point !, 
  that certainly limits available courses depending on the place . 
  also emphasis on `` try to '' . . oh boy . . my fondest memory is this one quality management lecturer who drew a big triangle on the blackboard : manament / \\ / \\ / \\ vison / _______ \\ ledership [ was n't really sure whether to laugh or scream . 
  ] ( http://ak-hdl.buzzfed.com/static/2014-01/enhanced/webdr06/5/15/anigif_enhanced-buzz-16415-1388953880-14.gif ), 
  ymmv i suppose . . 
  but that 's also why i said it 's only a real problem for someone who wants to learn ( or is after good grades ? ) . 
  the language courses i attended while studying for my ba certainly offered a lot potential but hardly anyone was interested in tapping that potential . 
  and it 's understandable imo , unless the person has long term plans of residing in finland . 
  personally i have not heard of anyone who has failed to get a degree due to not bothering to learn finnish . 
  have you ? 
  maybe some places have stricter policies ? 
   enjoy spending your whole period with one or two language courses , earning only 8 credits and having kela come after you for money . 
  foreign students who come to finland with the intent to study ( majority ) are not eligible for kela to begin with so i doubt this is going to concern op . 
  it sounds to me like your experience concerns a person who 's eligible for kela and might have long term plans to stay in finland ? 
  i can see that would significantly increase the need to put effort into the language courses . 
  either way , those who actually want to become fluent in finnish are better off participating and focusing their energy at voluntary courses where the environment is more motivated and less draining . 
  and heavy self studying of course . 
  / opinion, 
  it 's only a problem for someone who actually wants to learn finnish , because free language courses tend to be full of people who do n't want to ( and wont ) learn finnish . 
  gather up 2 . 
  make noise and break stuff 3 . 
  no worries . 
  indeed , did n't think about mare nostrum . 
  with that gone , 2015 is probably going to be worse off . 
  where is that 10 + % number from that you 're writing all over the place ? 
  according to the un refugee agency in 2014 europe saw 218000 refugees over the mediterranean and 3500 drowned/died . 
  that 's 1.6 % . 
  i would n't be surprised if money also buys some safety here , with the cheapest tickets and boats representing the majority of casualties . 
  in any case the refugees that do make it to europe represent only a small portion of total refugees - most of who live below the poverty line , stuck in refugee camps and who could never afford a boat ticket to europe . 
  / u/bjarkebjarke certainly makes a fair point . 
  although i suppose it 's a bit different from the rest . 
   the russian military does n't do stuff without having a political agenda . 
  fair enough , that was badly worded . 
  over here some of russia 's airspace violations ( which happen more or less every year ) have been attributed to just plain indifference and pilot errors . 
  that can of course still bear a political agenda and a message .
