there is a parody of * snow crash * called * head crash * , it is possible that he has them backwards ? 
  according to wikipedia some critics consider it a parody . 
  never really thought about it that way . 
  as for * headcrash * i enjoyed it . 
  it was a bit odd but hey that is normal for cyberpunk . 
  it has been a while since i 've read it though . 
  another place to look would be rtorrent and libtorrent . 
  libtorrent might allow you to build a client but not worry about the underlying protocol of bittorrent . 
  as an ex-mormon who was raised semi-fundamentally as in we believed the crap that the `` modern '' church no longer does i ca n't remember anything in that video that screamed out at me as a falsehood . 
  possibly an exaggeration . 
  i 'd like to see your write up , see what you claim is n't true . 
  disclaimer : it has been a while since i 've sat thought that video maybe i 'm just forgetting something . 
  we return to the great [ lego box ] ( http://www.xkcd.com/659/ ) in the sky . 
  adam-god :, 
  you are correct it is n't taught in the main stream church . 
  you are incorrect about `` some evidence that brigham young believed it '' . 
  there is a lot of evidence that he got up and stated the belief in general conference , personally i consider that more than a `` some evidence '' . 
  there is also a copy of said general conference speech in the `` journal of discourses '' transcribed by his personal secretary . 
  also it is taught today , at least it was what i was taught growing up , but as i said my parents are fairly fundamentalist ( at least as far as belonging to the mainstream church ) . 
  3 wives , is also taught by several sects of fundamentalists . 
  i 'll agree with you on the mark of cain thing . 
  yes these are commonly taught by the more fundamentalist sects/people of mormonism but to state that they are n't believed is incorrect . 
  it is really awful when a otherwise intelligent person claims such nonsense . 
  after said claim they claim , `` well if he is a citizen why does n't he just show us x '' . 
  you then give them proof x and they deny it asking for proof y. repeat . 
  i was raised mormon , now atheist . 
  so i do wonder how much that effects my current thought pattern . 
  i 'm scared of drinking . 
  scared of losing control , scared of getting addicted . 
  i come from a family of people who are commonly alcoholic , people have beat their wives while under the influence ( though i was never abused ) . 
  i 've also noticed i have an `` addictive '' personality . 
  i 've seen myself get addicted to things like wow , to the point where i almost stop functioning . 
  so i 'm just planning on avoiding alcohol . 
  though i do n't care if others do partake . 
  i think there is a difference between `` i 'm not going to fly on airplanes cause terrorists are going to hijack it '' and `` i come from a family of alcoholics who have then sexually assaulted and physically abused little child while drunk and am easily addicted so i 'm just not going to walk that path . '', 
  young adult book that seems to be aimed a bit more at girls then boys but * sabriel * of the * old kingdom * trilogy . 
  about a girl trying to save her father from a necromancer . 
  she herself is a quasi-necromancer quasi-mage . 
  as you listed stardust in other media i suggest you pick up the book of it . 
  if chrome had a good vimperator style addon i would be there in a blink of an eye . 
  they do n't , so i 'm stuck using firefox . 
  you know yorkshire pudding 's are n't that hard to make the only difficult part is a properly seasoned muffin tin . 
  my mum has made them for us almost my entire life , despite growing up in the usa . 
  just finished * diamond age * . 
  currently about halfway though * cryptonomicon * . 
  mormonism for the most part expresses its belief in a similar way to standard christianity , so far as holiday 's are concerned . 
  for instance the ward i grew up in contained one of the world 's larger nativity collection/displays . 
  i 'm an ex-mormon who lives in utah . 
  a large reason the beliefs of mormonism seem so weird to you is due to the fact that it has n't been mainstreamed as much . 
  traditional christianity is as weird as fuck if you actually step back and look at their beliefs . 
  you have just been exposed to them as you have grown up so are `` desensitized '' . 
  this is particularly true if you look at what the bible and more hardcore churches teach . 
  not what the more liberal watered down churches teach . 
  i 'm not trying to defend mormonism 's beliefs . 
  i despise many of the beliefs . 
  i just find your attack ridiculous and a sign of your upbringing . 
  * freebsd, 
  * dwm, 
  * vimperator, 
  holy shit i 've been looking for this for like 3 years . 
  one of my friends showed it to me in high school . 
  i forgot about it , wanted to find it again and never could . 
  i 've basically considered both to be great , but very different pieces . 
  the movie is a very happy more-modern fairy tale . 
  the book is a very classic fairy tale , with a twist of tragedy . 
  both were good , but very different . 
  i do n't use it but rescue time should track time spent on individual sites you visit in addition to time spent by application . 
  we were reading lord of the rings in middle school . 
  one of the questions described the ring wraiths and asked for their name . 
  i had n't read lord of the rings but was familiar with it from the movies . 
  i wrote nazg\u00fbl , my teacher marked me wrong . 
  she did eventually concede the point when i showed in the book . 
  the great part is my father and brother who are both lord of the ring fans somehow also thought i was wrong . 
  they thought nazgul for some reason where the creatures that the witch king road on . 
  they just called them ring wraiths . 
  back when i was a video game tester we had a few crazies , by few i mean everyone except probably one . 
  several were creeps who would happily talk about their obsession with all things japanese , including tentacle porn . 
  we had a few female employees . 
  one day one of them and submitted about 3 times the amount of bugs she had any day previously , and she was no slouch . 
  when asked why she explained that the other female tester was out so she had no one to talk to . 
  we had another who though every bug he found was the end of the world , that was fun . 
  he also spent his entire day going on about his wife 's mental problems . 
  then we had the local pot smoker . 
  he would go out to his car and get high multiple times throughout the day . 
  he also really did suffer from massive bouts of paranoia . 
  i guess i should also add our resident alcoholics . 
  basically we were all fucked up . 
  she is actually really cool . 
  one of the better people who worked there . 
  after we all quit ( company went under ) i found out that she had major drug problems . 
  i always wonder now if she was on speed and that was why she could talk to other people , be on the phone texting and still match the average testers bug count . 
  not the coolest out there but still interesting , particularly if you like math and geometry :, 
  scroll to the bottom and there are a list of the symbols of the pythagorean cult . 
  on unix and vim on windows ctrl + [ is equal to escape . 
  so instead of caps -  esc i do caps -  ctrl and then it is easy enough to do escape but i also have an easier time hitting all other ctrl sequences . 
  as i just got off a 14 hour day several of which was spent in quickbasic thanks this makes me feel better . 
  i wont list the name of the company for obvious reasons . 
  why , is a combination of dinosaurs who do n't want to move to something newer , and legacy scripts . 
  we do telephone dialing for customers . 
  we then have scripts that pulls that data down as a fixed length text database file .
