  still exciting research . 
  hopefully they are able to further refine it into a new energy source . 
  that was an awesome game . 
  you have my sympathy that it was n't in the box . 
  whoever came up with this song failed . 
  it makes plenty of sense to build a bonfire of timber but makes no sense to try and burn whitecaps . 
  whitecaps being a marine term to refer to the white section on top of waves . 
  yea , looks like you are right . 
  the older vancouver whitecaps logos do still refer to the waves not mountains . 
  which is where my confusion came from . 
  as an ex game tester i concur . 
  very few software developers love for software pattens . 
  most see them as a hidderence . 
  this is because most software patents cover nonsense ideas that are easy to implement and easily discovered . 
  for example amazon 's 1-click patent . 
  basically the idea that a user can click one button and have the order charged and delivered based upon the information in a database . 
  this is n't going to stifle innovation , this is going to allow innovation . 
  software patents primary use is to milk money out of companies that either ca n't afford to fight or where it is too expensive to fight by patent trolls . 
  hey , just wanted to say thanks for the article . 
  i know a bunch of people are really negative over the america 's cup but as someone who is following it loosely i appreciate seeing this . 
  something to do with boats . 
  either working on one or around them . 
  he is referred to multiple times as a `` male '' http://dota2.gamepedia.com/ursa, 
  i knew the quote was familiar it is from m * a * s * h http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0068098/quotes, 
  i 've used motoshop in south san francisco . 
  they are a great group of people . 
  i hope you are able to replicate their success . 
  actually is n't any where near as bad as you are making it out to be . 
  there is a lot more involved with publishing a game for ds than iphone . 
  for iphone you have to pay $ 100 for a developer account and wait for apple to approve it . 
  for ds you have to pay nintendo tens of thousands of dollars each time the game is submitted for verification . 
  if it fails you pay again . 
  in addition i believe there is a license fee per game that is payed to nintendo . 
  next you have to ship the game physically to the location . 
  then you have the stores with their cut of the profit . 
  i 'm not saying it should cost $ 40 but it sure costs more than $ 0.99 . 
  you are welcome to doubt me but as someone who has experience in the field that is the number i 'm sticking to . 
  it varies per platform and i imagine per deal you have with the publisher . 
  there is also a very large payroll tax , at least on the poor . 
  correct the employee does not directly pay the payroll tax . 
  maybe i 'm wrong but i 've been told that the payroll tax is payed on the first $ 100,000 of an employee 's wage . 
  if that is true that means the tax is primarily focused on low payed employees . 
  looking around the internet this is likely misinformation . 
  despite the payroll tax being hidden from the employee it still effects them . 
  businesses can afford less employees due to the extra burden of the tax or uses it to justify lower wages . 
  the number one thing you can do to succeed in college ? 
  go to class every day . 
  never skip a class unless you are in bed super super sick . 
  if you are in vim : ` : w !, 
  so first this only works in vim and possibly other vi like editors . 
  ` : w ` tells vim to write the current buffer . 
  if ` : w ` is followed by a ` ! ` ( the space is important ) then instead of writing the buffer to a file it pipes it to a command . 
  next up we have the command itself that we are piping to . 
  in this case it is ` sudo tee % ` . 
  ` sudo ` escalates your privileges giving you permission to write to the file . 
  ` tee ` takes text from stdin and copies it . 
  one copy it sends to stdout and one copy it sends to a file on disk . 
  ` % ` is a special vim shorthand for the current file . 
  so combined with tee it writes one copy to stdout and one copy to the current file . 
  true both sudo and vim give you all sorts of ways to reduce privileges . 
  in the correct environment this command wo n't work . 
  at the same time in most environments with sudo and vim it will . 
  take a look at ibr . 
  if he qualifies it will lower your payments and i think the loan goes away after 25 years of payments . 
  it may require you to file your taxes separately . 
  good luck . 
  password hashing ! = consistent hashing . 
  consistent hashing is a method of always sending the same query/key to the same box . 
  you use it to scale a service to multiple boxes . 
  it is commonly used in things like http file caching . 
  the thing is most of the us would be fine with the original name . 
  there is just a subset of stuck up religious nuts that lose their mind if you reference the philosopher 's stone , but changing the name did n't stop them from getting upset about the witchcraft . 
  so not only did they change the name to something stupid , they also did n't appease the section of the population they wanted . 
  right this moment i 'm drinking `` winter dreams '' from coffee bean & tea leaf . 
  later i 'll probably have some scottish breakfast or a stash licorice spice . 
  i make a protein shake every morning with milk , vanilla milkshake protein powder ( $ 50 at costco for a 4.5 lb tub ) , banana and some berries ( strawberry , raspberries or blackberries ) . 
  toss it all in a blender add a bit of ice and you have a quick and easy breakfast . 
  it is around 400 calories with 42 + grams of protein . 
  the exact amount of protein will depend upon how much milk you use and what/how much protein powder you use . 
  the number i gave was with 14 ounces of milk and the recommended amount of protein powder . 
  there is a lot of variation on this same theme , some people mix in oatmeal , others kael . 
  if you look around online you can lots of protein shake recipes many far more interesting than my lazy recipe . 
  i 've found in my journey so far that even small gains make a big difference . 
  you mentioned drinking it with water and want to suggest trying it with milk . 
  it tastes a lot better and the consistency is much more pleasant at least in my experience . 
  he is/was the dog of a twitch employee . 
  i really like mine , but the issues with cleaning it has slowly moved it more and more towards just an electric kettle . 
  i have it at work and mostly use it for bagged teas and will occasionally use it to make lose leaf . 
  i 'm looking to get a cast iron pot for my lose leafs and then it will almost entirely be a kettle . 
  twitch does n't use firebase for chat . 
  firebase is used for sitewide messaging , following updates and the like . 
  you can always get something like a withing scale ( fitbit also has one ) . 
  it is a wifi scale . 
  you configure it and every time you weigh your self it automatically uploads the data and graphs it for you . 
  it is a bit expensive , $ 100 - $ 150 depending upon the model , but i feel like mine has been worth it . 
  granted i like useful gadgets . 
  unix commands . 
  this collection is based off my work computer and servers . 
  every unix machine will contain some collection of commands including many of the below list . 
  in addition almost everyone of these commands will take various flags and options .
