  1 : https://cadmv.files.wordpress.com/2010/12/dl-front.jpg, 
  2 : https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=ssn+card&amp;espv=2&amp;tbm=isch&amp;tbo=u&amp;source=univ&amp;sa=x&amp;ei=orcqvow3h6ud7gbcpog4bw&amp;ved=0cdiqsaq&amp;biw=1280&amp;bih=679, 
  it 's not that people do n't value talent but half the soccer moms out there are `` professional photographers '' and every college student is `` in a band '' . 
  so people are trying to figure out if you actually make a living off of it or do it on the side for fun . 
  i 've always heard of a bespoke suit as a bespoke suit , at least in san francisco . 
  as for a strop , generally you would say someone is moody , woke up on the wrong side of the bed , having a case of the mondays or a few other expressions . 
  as far as i was concerned a strop is a strip of leather for sharpening a razor . 
  full stop is pretty unusual , i 've heard it a few times from americans , but not commonly . 
  period is almost always used . 
  / me shrugs, 
  it really is n't a problem , unless you are boating , hiking , etc. 
  in those cases context would make it clear enough . 
  go read the books . 
  they are absolutely amazing !, 
  the heat of the tea can effect the milk and the coolness of the milk can effect the tea . 
  so it can have a major effect on the flavor . 
  then there is discussion about pouring too much or too little milk . 
  basically not a simple discussion at all . 
  one that everyone ( who drinks tea ) has an opinion on . 
  for a good go-to teabag `` yorkshire gold '' can be bought on amazon . 
  if you want loose leaf then harney & sons is probably your best bet . 
  one involves having milk in the cup and pouring hot water over it . 
  this causes the proteins in the milk to break down and reduces the temperature of the water causing it to steep differently . 
  the other involves steeping the tea first and then mixing it with milk . 
  this means you are n't effecting the brewing temperature because the tea is already brewed . 
  no american should be caught off guard by places not taking amex . 
  my primary card is an amex due to the awesome rewards it offers . 
  about 10-20 % of the places i go wo n't take it so i end up using my backup card . 
  in addition while amex in the states still is n't chip and pin they do offer chip and sig . 
  hell even my us chip and pin visa becomes a chip and sig card if used in the uk . 
  hmm makes sense but still very stupid on their part . 
  i guess most business man friendly places in the states do take it so that might be what is catching them off guard . 
  as for why my chip and pin becomes a chip and sig , i 'm not really sure if i had to take a guess i 'd say it has something to do with international infrastructure not being completely connected . 
  just got back from london . 
  most of the pedestrian tunnels in tube stations are `` keep left '' . 
  it is only escalators and a few oddball tunnels that it is keep right . 
  of course once you add tourists in all logic goes out the window . 
  i just want to be sure . 
  everyone here knows that the dailymash is satire right ? 
  i know plenty of art , history , and philosophy majors that are very successful in the tech industry . 
  either sysadmins , netadmins or programmers . 
  ehh none of them learned a thing in college about tech . 
  they all taught themselves . 
  hell , i might as well be a high school dropout i graduated on a technicality after failing my final semester . 
  i think i own about four or five copies of stardust . 
  one in audio , one kindle , a signed special edition , and at least one normal possibly two . 
  `` all right , '' said susan . 
  `` i 'm not stupid . 
  you 're saying humans need ... fantasies to make life bearable . '', 
  really ? 
  as if it was some kind of pink pill ? 
  humans need fantasy to be human . 
  to be the place where the falling angel meets the rising ape . 
  `` tooth fairies ? 
  little -- '', 
  yes . 
  as practice . 
  you have to start out learning to believe the little lies . 
  `` so we can believe the big ones ? '', 
  yes . 
  justice . 
  mercy . 
  duty . 
  that sort of thing . 
  `` they 're not the same at all ! '', 
  you think so ? 
  then take the universe and grind it down to the finest powder and sieve it through the finest sieve and then show me one atom of justice , one molecule of mercy . 
  and yet -- death waved a hand . 
  and yet you act as if there is some ideal order in the world , as if there is some ... some rightness in the universe by which it may be judged . 
  `` yes , but people have got to believe that , or what 's the point -- '', 
  my point exactly . '', 
  terry pratchett , hogfather, 
  copied from https://www.goodreads.com/work/quotes/583655-hogfather, 
  iced tea ! = sweet tea . 
  while i strongly prefer a nice hot cup of tea ( black , no sugar , no milk ) , on a warm day its not unheard of me to drink an iced tea . 
  generally it will be just a cup of tea with milk and a dash of sugar . 
  no worse than a hot cup . 
  also a bottle of kombucha might only have 5 calories . 
  much better than a bottle of coke . 
  beanie babies were a big fad in the mid 90s . 
  there was a lot of marketing about them being worth a lot due to limited editions and collectors and what not . 
  so everyone started buying and saving them . 
  history is a great degree of you are teaching yourself how to program , sysadmin or netadmin on the side . 
  i know quite a few people that are highly successful with history , philosophy and art degrees . 
  none of them are in the field of their study . 
  you are going to have to report her for fraud . 
  you should get off scot free and she will be held responsible . 
  it sucks that she will get into a ton of trouble but she needs to face the consequences of her actions , not you . 
  call your doctor today . 
  it does get better . 
  i speak as someone who suffers from constant ( fairly low grade but still ) depression . 
  i have spent most of the last decade feeling like crap . 
  i am going to spend the rest of my life on a cocktail of medicine . 
  there is basically no way around it . 
  but you want to know what it does n't matter . 
  i can enjoy life now . 
  i can have fun and laugh . 
  i feel anger , sadness and happiness now . 
  go to a doctor and explain how you feel . 
  they will help , they wo n't laugh at you , they wo n't tell you that you are crazy , delusional or a hypochondriac .
