  constantly tinker . 
  instead i 've been writing a tilling terminal manager that, 
  way you can have your cake and eat it too . 
  tilling window manager for your, 
  terminals and everything else just works . 
  i 'll post a link once i get a few, 
  more of the base features added . 
  like quantumstate i had issues getting the code copied to work correctly . 
  i also know c ( much better than haskell at least ) so configuring dwm was n't hard for me . 
  i just did n't do it often so recompiling was n't a concern . 
  i 've never had issues with google marking my email as spam . 
  do you have reverse dns set ? 
  anything else you can think of that would be causing that ? 
  maybe it is just because i send mail to people who have me in their address book . 
  put the entire script into * blah.sh *, 
  then run : ` : . 
  ! . / blah.sh ` in vim . 
  i get in trouble for this all the time . 
  i used to assume that my boss knows what i 'm talking about . 
  then he has no idea and it takes me a bit to realize so i then backtrack and explain . 
  i finally got tired of it and took the approach of `` do you know what x is ? '', 
  when he does know he gets mad at me saying that he is n't an idiot . 
  the problem is 2/3rds of the time i 'm justified in asking . 
  i refuse to install an application with ads in it . 
  i will either download the paid version or decide i do n't need it . 
  dude you just stole my line . 
  i 've been saying this for a few years now ( except when i 'm wealthy enough ) . 
  avoid the x100 series though at the very least the x100e is a steaming pile of **** . 
  i 've never had quite as many problems as with this machine . 
  i refuse to purchase shirts with logos . 
  i will wear logo 's if the shirt is given to me , or it is for a cause i care about ( eff ) . 
  yes , when i was using arch i did all the time . 
  it is painful and also one of the reasons i switched to ubuntu . 
  she was n't related to him . 
  she was a family friend . 
  no incest for you iirc . 
  this is almost word for word what i did . 
  i wanted to play the bionicle game . 
   it is not an opinion , it is truth . 
  see the odd thing about truth vs opinion is that truth you have to provide evidence for . 
  opinion you do n't . 
  so why do n't you go get some evidence or stop making shit up . 
  anything by hexage :, 
  everland, 
  radiant, 
  and buka, 
  all of which are fantastic games that cost ~ $ 2, 
  you think broadcom is bad ? 
  give realtek a shot if they do have a driver there is a good chance it will crash your kernel after an hour . 
  i do n't drink ( underage ) but squatters is a pretty awesome bar . 
  they serve half decent food and are open late . 
  other good food :, 
  settebellos has good pizza . 
  pat 's bbq is kick ass . 
  i do n't know about anyone else but the feeling of chalk makes me cringe . 
  i just ca n't stand it . 
  this on the other hand could be useful . 
  what would be super awesome was if it had a way to plugin to a computer and dump a jpg of it 's contents . 
  you ca n't find a service provider you like . 
  most of the major service providers have exclusive contracts for the area 's that they serve ( for their type of network ) . 
  at most you get 1 dsl and 1 cable and they both want to rip you off . 
  even if they do n't have exclusive contracts then they have been given billions of dollars by the us govt to build their networks . 
  i 'm not sure if you 're joking so i will assume you are . 
  root : is the superuser on unix machines . 
  localhost : is the localmachine . 
  so all mail that would be sent to * indecisiontocallyou * is instead being sent to the admin for the site in question . 
  edit : s/your/you 're /, 
  how is brew so stupid ? 
  it is basically just freebsd ports built with git and ruby rather than csv and c ? 
  you have recalled it correctly you just have caps incorrect , give ` sudo apt-get ` a try . 
  in addition to a minimalistic policy , openbsd also does a lot of research/development on actual security . 
  things like pie ( randomizing libraries positions ) , and pf . 
  freebsd is awesome and my preferred of the bsd 's but there are actual security differences between the two . 
  firewall i would use openbsd , mail server freebsd . 
  unless you are in a position of power within the `` ward '' in which add another few hours of meetings on sunday . 
  i have this same problem . 
  you may be talking about [ code ] ( http://www.amazon.com/code-language-computer-hardware-software/dp/0735611319/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;s=books&amp;qid=1282234465&amp;sr=8-1 ), 
  do n't worry its perl 6 not perl . 
  more popular sub-reddits require more votes in a shorter period of times compared to less popular sub-reddits . 
  otherwise you would only see content from the major reddits and never see content from the small ones . 
  amazon lets you get a mbp for $ 1140 no tax and free shipping . 
  apple charges $ 1100 + tax . 
  for myself at least it was cheaper ( $ 30 - $ 40 ) to get it from amazon then apple . 
  no he is n't , well not necessarily . 
  the entire ` word of wisdom ` is ill defined and just used to control the members . 
  basically it is commonly interpreted to be no-tobacco , no-alcohol , no-coffee , and no-non-green tea . 
  some people interpret it to mean no caffeine but that is a minority view . 
  the exact definition changes depending upon where you live , which congregation you attend and how your parents/self interpret it . 
  source : i was born and raised a mormon for the first 17 years of my life . 
  i live with many mormons ( varying from strict to jack ) in happy value utah . 
  edit : to answer the parent question , no an actively practicing mormon does not drink coffee it is strictly against their beliefs . 
  the bishop ( congregational leader ) in his bi-annually meeting will specifically ask if you have been following the ` word of wisdom ` by not drinking coffee . 
  coworker and friend from a previous company got me my current job . 
  he got his job from a friend , who got his job from a friend . 
  it continues that way for about 5 or 6 people . 
  also these are some of the smartest people i 've ever worked with . 
  i have a love hate relation with ubuntu . 
  some of the stuff they do makes my life much easier . 
  other things they do make it harder . 
  * not installing build-essentials on servers .
