  there was a forced master password reset a few years ago , in addition there was recently a fishing attack against it . 
  its just enough added with the ui that i ca n't stand that i refuse to use them . 
  i 've tried a bunch of the free ones but none of them compare to the quality of 1password . 
  i 'm a big open source advocate , but spending money for solid software is not a bad thing . 
  the us one is similar but not as cool :, 
   the secretary of state of the united states of america hereby requests all whom it may concern to permit the citizen/national of the united states named herein to pass without delay or hindrance and in case of need to give all lawful aid and protection . 
  it was expensive but nato succeeded in doing it during the coldwar , it 's known as the [ berlin airlift ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/berlin_blockade ) . 
  as others have said it depends upon the country and in the us the state . 
  some have one party , others have two party consent . 
  they ca n't add more cars . 
  there is no additional capacity during rush hours , as many trains are going through the transbay tunnel as possible . 
  its why they are talking about building a second tunnel . 
  every person i 've introduced the game to has commented about how much they love the feel of the chips . 
  ehh , this is very common use of `` missionary work '' within the mormon church . 
  missionary work is anything done by the populace to spread their view of the one true gospel . 
  [ pop filter ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/pop_filter ), 
  the gif was originally posted in / r/seattle so you are right . 
  coffee is paid for with the rest of your meal at the end . 
  refills in the us are almost always free on coffee , tea and non-bottled soft drinks . 
  coffee , tea and non-bottled soft drinks generally cost $ 1-2 . 
  at fancy restaurants definitely not , but the last few times i 've had a black tea at a diner ( i do n't drink coffee ) or a green tea at a chinese restaurant i 've had free refills . 
  at least i could have sworn i did n't , ca n't say i paid * that * much attention to it . 
  nope no wagamamas in the us as far as i know . 
  i think i 've been to one when i was last in the uk . 
  in and out is all about the onions and the special sauce . 
  if you do n't like onions then in and out has nothing going for it . 
  my understanding is the kim kardashian and paris hilton ones where due to them being leaked on the internet and then news outlets picked up on them . 
  in this case gawker acquired ( bought them off someone ) the videos and leaked them to the internet , so they are being held accountable . 
  while not comparable to the rainforests in brazil by size the us does have a pretty nice rainforest in the pnw called the [ olympic rainforest ] ( https://www.wikiwand.com/en/olympic_national_park ) . 
  i 've started using irc cloud + fluid.app . 
  irc cloud recognizes when its being used via fluid.app and makes some minor changes , notifications etc. 
  so the programming language c has its own special way of storing a text blob which quite often ends up being referred to as a c-string . 
  turns out c-string is also a type of women 's underwear . 
  this can lead to awkward google 's at work . 
  tor is `` the onion router '' which is a tool used for routing your internet connection across multiple layers ( hence the onion part ) . 
  it was originally created by the us naval research lab to allow us agents to communicate securely while in hostile territories . 
  yes parts of the `` darknet '' are on tor . 
  but the deepweb and darknet are really just terms for stuff that does n't show up in google . 
  how is this a story ? 
  requests for cp where legitimately ( as seen from the server logs ) coming from their ip . 
  police got a warrant using legitimate evidence . 
  after searching and verifying they can conclude that the traffic is coming from tor and therefor the two individuals are innocent of the crime despite the fact that their home was used to commit the crime . 
  a crime happened , the crime is investigated , the two suspects were innocent but there is reasonable suspicion to investigate and the innocence is n't known until after the investigation . 
  this is how our criminal system works . 
  just the fact that something is or is n't a tor exit node does n't absolve someone from a crime . 
  it reduces the chances , but it still has to be investigated . 
  cool , i 'm going to go start a tor exit node in my house and commit any crime i want . 
  obviously the fact that i 'm running a tor exit node means that i 'm innocent and the crime does n't need to be investigated . 
  let alone the fact that police discretion does n't apply in all cases particular for serious crimes , which cp is generally considered . 
  take :, 
   police discretion is not absolute, 
   of course , police officers still have to follow codified rules and regulations for more serious incidents . 
  for instance , an officer ca n't ignore a homicide and must follow all rules pertaining to probable cause to determine warrants or make arrests . 
  use of firearms or forceful detainment must also follow proper procedure and protocol , which varies from state to state . 
  source : [ the law dictionary ] ( http://thelawdictionary.org/article/police-discretion-definition/ ), 
  it was actually my first two paychecks combined . 
  i got a gamecube and animal crossing . 
  good times . 
  i received unemployment without gaming the system . 
  by the time i quit my company was a month to two behind on pay , not that they had just stopped paying us but checks where later and later until eventually i quit . 
  despite the fact that i quit i was granted ui because i was able to provide some evidence of this fact and the company could n't really contest it . 
  the really nice thing is that due to how overtime worked out and how ui was calculated my ui was actually greater than what a non-crunch base paycheck was . 
  anyone got a nice big wallpaper sized version of this . 
  have you looked into one of the automated ball throwers ? 
  ( still a newbro some of this could be wrong ), 
  that is a screenshot of the overview . 
  basically which ships are near you , what ships they are , etc. 
  the thing about this screenshot if i understand it correctly is that the members are all from rzr one of the member alliances of cfc . 
  cfc is at war right now with a lot of the eve universe . 
  a common part of the propaganda is that no one has seen rzr in a while . 
  so for a screen shot to show up with a bunch of their members it becomes news worthy . 
  i 've been playing for about two weeks . 
  joined pandemic horde recently and they are a great crew for newbros . 
  i joined half out of interest in the war , half out of boredom . 
  was on a business trip sitting in a hotel with nothing to do . 
  i 've enjoyed the game quite a bit . 
  lots to learn , lots to do . 
  it can be hard and frustrating and if i spend too much time alone i start to get bored with the game . 
  but once i go out and do some fleet activities i respark my interest . 
  a good corp is 100 % essential to enjoying the game in my mind . 
  its very much a social game and without that its hard to access or see its depth . 
  there is a lot to learn , which again makes the corp so important . 
  pandemic horde is meant for new people to join . 
  like , day one you just started , you know nothing beyond how to move your ship . 
  after taking people out the fc will often sit in the station answering questions , explaining why we did what we did . 
  in the corp messages in game they will often include imgur gifs showing you how to access something in the menu . 
  they even offer free ships , skill packs etc in order to get you started . 
  the alliance was started to allow people just starting the game to get going and do cool things . 
  they then will take some of the cream of the crop and move it into their other alliances . 
  but even without that an army of 500 bees is still enough to take down an elephant . 
  there are other newbro corps out there also . 
  i do n't know how good they are because i 'm not a part of one . 
  price wise a first class ticket is generally 3-10 times the cost of an economy ticket . 
  people vote with their dollars . 
  if you want better service pony up the money for better tickets . 
  if more people did this then we would have more premium air services . 
  every horde member is spai . 
  its part of being horde . 
  ca n't you buy plex gift cards at stores like gamestop ? 
  btw some of your station names are out of date .
