  why is california committing suicide to keep hamburger prices artificially low for the rest of the country ? 
  got on the train to come to work . 
  the person sitting in front of me was watching hardcore bondage porn on their phone . 
  shear is still ceo and in charge of twitch . 
  they have also created a new music section . 
  the concerts were a way to test the waters . 
  golden gate bridge, 
  they will sometimes extend an offer to allow you to make an additional purchase . 
  with savings you earn x % per year in interest . 
  with a cc you spend y % in interest . 
  almost always y  x. 
  pay off the credit card . 
  for those that are n't familiar , benedict is one of nine princes of amber . 
  amber is the center of the multiverse . 
  every universe in the multiverse is a slight variation of the one before , echoing out . 
  the princes of amber have an ability called shadow walking whereby as they travel they can slowly influence probability and their environments to walk between the multiverses . 
  all of the princes are stronger and have greater stamina than a human would by quite a bit . 
  benedict is the greatest sword fighter of the brothers and as far as anyone knows of all the shadows . 
  you can also use [ matcher ] ( https://github.com/burke/matcher ) . 
  amex did this for me the other week . 
  i 've been very impressed with amex through the whole process . 
  they even sent me an email with a list of people they think i need to update my information with for automatic billing . 
  is that next to the new city target ? 
  i see so many triumphs there every day that it kinda killed my desire for getting a triumph . 
  it is n't that google drives 40 % of the internet traffic . 
  it is that google is often used as a gateway to get anywhere . 
  so rather than typing youtube.com into the browser people will google for youtube . 
  if google is down then people do n't end up on youtube and that traffic does n't happen . 
  i was so excited when the trailer started . 
  i thought it was going to be a martian manhunter film . 
  disappointment set in , but it does still look good . 
  i do n't think that price is an area that apple is going to bend on . 
  for several reasons . 
  first apple has never been one to really fidget about price , they generally set a price and mostly stick around that price point . 
  even after the device is wroth far less ( look at thunderbolt displays ) . 
  second apple is n't pricing the apple watch against android wear . 
  they are pricing it against watches . 
  every price point for an apple watch is comparable to a general purpose watch category . 
  i 've made that statement several times . 
  generally doing things i know are going to end badly . 
  maybe it is a jewel that is obviously ( to the players ) going to trigger an alarm , but my character is an compulsive thief and does n't have the meta game knowledge . 
  i know that it is a bad idea , but my character might not . 
  the h1bs i 've worked with are some of the most brilliant and talented people i 've worked with . 
  i 'm frustrated by the difficulties we have of getting h1bs for other candidates we wish to hire . 
  my friend lives in that building . 
  they have condemned all of the balconies . 
  y2k was a major crisis that was diverted by lots of lots of work that people exerted . 
  it being hyped up was critical to its prevention . 
  there once was a `` professional '' soccer player who basically did this at every game . 
  it only defends you if you are in washington dc . 
  afaik this is n't true at all . 
  at least in the us you still retain copyright of the image . 
  if you post an image on imgur and share it on reddit you are implicitly granting them a right to serve it but that does n't mean you are giving up the rights to your photos . 
  ianal , this is not actual legal advice . 
  who 's line is it anyway, 
  i really enjoyed 1632 but was n't crazy about the sequels . 
  [ newfoundlands ] ( http://www.akc.org/dog-breeds/newfoundland/ ) . 
  the nanny dog in peter pan is a newf . 
  hey , i 'm actually an ex-mormon . 
  the original video that is cut from is very accurate . 
  granted some of the content is not really taught in the modern church , but the information is there if you look for it . 
  that very much looks like an image that is being overlayed over the page rather then it actually being banned . 
  for example the link does n't work . 
  * edit : just disabled custom css and confirmed . 
  you can disable the shitty motion sensor control and just use the control stick . 
  the netherlands are largely below sea level , which is crazy since it is a country that borders the ocean . 
  they work around this with dykes , and water pumps . 
  the joke is that the netherlands is afraid of any height above sea level , so he/she dug down below sea level . 
  marsters is an american , he is also the voice actor for all of the audiobooks . 
  your lg g4 might support both gsm and cdma . 
  i know my iphone 5s does . 
  `` who am i '' also works . 
  i 've used it multiple times when a coworker has lost their phone . 
  machi koro is much better with the expansion imho . 
  you no longer have the same cards all the time . 
  instead you have 10 unique cards available out of around 15-20 choices . 
  it means there is a lot more room for variations in strategies since you are constantly having to adjust your plan for what is available . 
  granted there is still a ton of randomness . 
  this is one of those europe ( and other places ) vs us things . 
  in the us we use a ' , ' for our thousands separator and ' . ', 
  for our decimal separator . 
  in europe they commonly use ' . ', 
  for their thousands separator and ' , ' for their decimal separator . 
  how can `` new south wales '' be in australia ? 
  the world is full of screwed up things . 
  my company has quite a few h-1b visa employees . 
  they are all some of the smartest people i know . 
  i 'm incredibly frustrated by the fight we have to go through to bring these brilliant people over to the us from other countries . 
  many of them from countries where they give away free education . 
  we are literally draining other countries brilliant students away . 
  i do n't fear them taking my job , i fear not having them around . 
  what does bother me is companies that use h-1b 's as a source for indentured servants . 
  people who are paid less then they should be and abused for contracting jobs . 
  i 'd like to see h-1bs being changed from a global cap to a per-company ratio . 
  let 's for sake of discussion say 1 in 10 employees in a salary/seniority band can be h-1bs . 
  this would encourage companies to develop local talent in addition to recruiting overseas . 
  depends where you are , who you are trying to hire , and what you are trying to hire for . 
  people who can program a crud app , sure dime a dozen . 
  people who under stand the intricacies of h264 ? 
  much harder .
