  the 5 cents charge is not a major inconvenience if you need a bag , but its sufficient to make you think about if you really need a bag for carrying your single candy bar . 
  in addition its just enough incentive to grab a reusable bag on your way to the shop . 
  the house of lords today does n't really resemble the house of lords of a hundred years ago . 
  many of them are `` life lords '' , that is to say they are appointed for their life only and it is not hereditary . 
  life lords are generally appointed for acts they have done . 
  while some are rich dudes that are given their title in return for their donations many are also scientists , and experts in various fields . 
  the lords has the ability to send a bill back for review i think twice ( maybe three times ? ) . 
  if the commons can pass a bill three times it will pass regardless of what the lords think . 
  this acts as a nice check on the commons . 
  in parts of ireland catholic is ( largely ) equivalent to pro-republic and protestant is equivalent to pro-monarchy . 
  particularly in northern ireland where the troubles ( series of terrorist attacks by both sides ) occurred there is a fair amount of animosity between the sides . 
  to the point where they built 20 foot tall `` peace '' walls between protestant and catholic neighborhoods . 
  type of cheese, 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xecurlnxcqk ), 
  i know its illegal in the us to park against traffic but that is n't the law everywhere . 
  for example in the uk it is legal and commonly practiced . 
  it helps with their narrow streets . 
  bottom of the barrel chinese food . 
  imagine hard crusty terrible rice covered in horrifically sugary sauce and overcooked chicken . 
  so a ` . app ` file is really just a fancy folder that apple `` executes '' instead of opening in a file browser . 
  the reason you ca n't send it is because most of these services only work on single files . 
  by compressing it you turn it into a single file . 
  i had this behavior . 
  turns out that my tv ( vizo e600i ) supports hdmi-cec but had it turned off . 
  going into the tv menu and enabling hdmi-cec made it work . 
  never used aukey , but i do love my anker . 
  i happily recommend them to everyone around me . 
  you can do this with your `` favorites '' menu . 
  it will show you an icon that there are new episodes . 
  you are correct . 
  although the label appears to be `` kong '' who i 'm going to trust to be making tennis balls safe for dogs . 
  the practice comes from standard capitalization rules . 
  in a title you are supposed to captalize just about everything that is n't an article ( the , an , and , a ) . 
  [ source ] ( http://titlecapitalization.com/# ), 
  is that the ruffwear seat protector ? 
  that is literally the explanation of poe 's law . 
  the copy for `` treat dispensing sodapup chew toy '' is actually for a starwars toy . 
  in non-us/uk parts of the world they use ' . ', 
  as a thousands separator and ' , ' as a decimal separator . 
  in non-us/uk parts of the world they use ' . ', 
  as a thousands separator and ' , ' as a decimal separator . 
  caffeine is n't banned under mormonism , `` hot drinks '' are . 
  which in turn has been interpreted by lds leadership as coffee & tea . 
  some members will further take this to mean caffeine , but a bishop is n't going to rescind your temple recommend if you drink coke , he will and can if you drink coffee or smoke pot . 
  yea that is the funny thing , for some reason cocoa is n't considered banned . 
  there is no rhyme or reason behind what is or is n't banned . 
  there are just substances that are . 
  except then you are living in utah . 
  the valleys are terribly ugly and boring . 
  the mountains are cool , but people live in the valleys . 
  liquor shops are under armed guard , high prices , and are closed on holidays , sundays and other random times . 
  mormon culture is off putting to some . 
  lack of culture . 
  seattle , sf , etc have tons of excellent food , shopping , theatre , quirky shops , etc. 
  lehi is backalley that smells of minks , provo is a monument to byu , that leaves slc which is n't too bad . 
  ( and seriously you are listing vivint on your list of awesome companies ? ), 
  the keyword here is * permanent * . 
  it is n't that files are downloaded every time , but they have to be capable of being downloaded as needed . 
  files are cached . 
  if an app downloads a gig of files , and that gig is never needed for something else then that gig will always be available . 
  i 'm assuming the caching system is an lru variant which means assets you reference most recently and often are least likely to be purged . 
  so if you play a game often the files will always be there . 
  if you launched , wow , say once a month then yes you will have issues having to constantly stream assets . 
  y2k was a serious serious problem , that was successfully adverted because of lots of work put in by many people . 
  yes because companies spent millions of dollars fixing the code before it became a problem . 
  just because we manage to advert a crisis by putting effort in does n't mean there was n't a crisis . 
  i quite like machi koro , it is n't perfect because you can get behind and it can be hard to catch up . 
  although the last game i played i was quite a bit behind but managed to catch up and win . 
  another bonus for machi koro is that it is pretty approachable for children . 
  my eight year old niece loves machi koro and insists that we play it when ever i visit her . 
  noooo , never delete threads on reddit unless they have gone full toxic . 
  other people will find this when searching and it will provide them edification . 
  half the block down the road . 
  it is n't really cheating , so much as they have the speed test server within their network . 
  you get a really accurate view what your connection is from your house to their datacenters , but it does n't tell you anything beyond that . 
  like how congested are interchanges , intra-city backbones , cross ocean links etc. 
  apple created a new programming language called swift . 
  its a high level language * kinda * like javascript that interacts well with objective-c the language apple primarily uses . 
  open source imho is critical for a language to be successful . 
  it allows developers to understand what is actually going on in the language , find bugs they are encountering . 
  in addition it allows the language 's ecosystem to grow outside of its original domain which means more developers using it . 
  yes many people are using it to make apps . 
  its in the second paragraph :, 
   up to 100 % of their mortgage -- with no requirement for mortgage insurance -- on loans up to $ 2 million . 
  my father is american and my mother is english , i have two passports . 
  i do consider myself both . 
  we grew up in a very english home . 
  the food and snacks we ate , the manners that were instilled into us , the tv we consumed . 
  a lot of it was very strongly influenced by my mother . 
  as an adult i 've had the resources to go to the uk several times for a while . 
  it feels like home to a very strong degree . 
  correct, 
  islamic state , it is one of a dozen names for isis , isil , etc. 
  over the counter drugs are pretty cheap . 
  since ( most ) consumers pay for it out of pocket the market actually effects the prices . 
  its prescriptions that have crazy prices . 
  sorry , you got a newfie . 
  its part of the package . 
  from the faq :, 
   why is israel a cube ?
