  time zone convertor :, 
  i also got my invite but i need someway to write paper checks to pay my rent so it looks like i 'll be sticking with what i currently have . 
  it integrates nicely with web browsers and greatly increases security . 
  i also use it to store all of my licenses for various programs . 
  passwords/files/confidential info i need for work . 
  basically it acts as an encrypted database . 
  s/dept/debt / g, 
  we have been traveling and installing cabinets in various locations the last couple of weeks . 
  i have so many wounds from getting those bloody rack brackets on . 
  and we are n't even using them for the majority of items in our racks just the networking gear . 
  looks like alcatraz in the background and it 's an oracle boat so san francisco bay . 
  a gui should never be required for configuration . 
  try managing more than a handful of servers . 
  config files rock because you can template and script them . 
  puppet and chef have been one of the greatest things i 've been introduced to in the last couple of years . 
  i 'd much rather have a powerful tool that requires understanding than a toy limited by usability . 
  things like bind , postfix , and vim let me do powerful things but need some understanding . 
  the manual is needed in order to do these things . 
   yes . 
  because you have to have physical access to hack the gibson . 
  give me a break . 
  if you have physical access you have almost complete access . 
  there are only a handful of things you can do to really protect against someone having physical access to your servers . 
  in addition most of those can be circumvented with sufficient resources , e.g. 
  stick the ram in liquid nitrogen . 
  a friend of mine is an ex-onlive employee , he was one of their upper management . 
  they have barely kept their doors open for the last few months . 
  honestly i 'm surprised this took as long as it did . 
  granted i believe they kept it all pretty hush-hush from the lower level employees . 
  i love my mophie plus . 
  lets me spend the entire day in a datacenter without having to constantly charge my phone . 
  the rest of the time it lets me get by if i forget to charge my phone at night . 
  granted the thing is huge and kinda ugly . 
   notepad + + w / compare, 
  for vim users take a look at vimdiff , absolutely amazing . 
  i 'm assuming it is active directory credentials . 
  active directory being microsoft management system . 
  it allows you to control users and settings on multiple computers . 
  i 'm in pretty much the same boat . 
  i can reset a password in ad but that is about it . 
  apple = = fruit, 
  orange = = fruit, 
  apple ! = orange, 
  the abhorsen book series is basically about this character . 
  one of my favorite young adult fiction series . 
  one of the major factors of wanting to move to the bay area for myself was to never have to deal with heat again . 
  add in the fact that many apartments around here are n't designed for heat and you have a very different experience in 85 degree weather then you do in other parts of the country where it is more normal . 
  pedantic : mac 's do n't have wlan0 , try en1 , 
  led + small color detector is read by a microcomputer that then uses a motor to adjust where to chute is pointing . 
  once the chute is pointed to the right bowl it runs a second motor to move the skittle to the chute . 
  once you leave the land surrounding the platte river ( which i80 follows ) nebraska is surprisingly hilly . 
  most of them are n't huge or tall like you get in say san francisco but it definitely is n't flat . 
  so basically since people only see nebraska driving through on i80 they only see the flat part of the state . 
  welcome to dota2 . 
  we un-friend people who get into the leavers queue . 
  fucking leavers . 
  come join the dota2 side . 
  people in / r/sharedota2 are giving away keys if you do n't have it . 
  no grind , all content is unlocked by default . 
  you only pay if you want skins or other cosmetic items . 
  that would probably be slower than just having one access point shared . 
  what you really want is a few ( depends upon the size of the house ) spread out . 
  connect them all over ethernet and configure them to just be access points . 
  this means your laptop will jump between nodes as the singal changes without losing any of your connections . 
  something like 3-4 arubas are your best bet . 
  source : i manage wifi for a medium sized company . 
  it is far from unheard of for a cs grad to make $ 120k + right out of college if they are somewhat skilled in the bay area . 
  it depends upon what type of company you want to work for . 
  smaller startups generally go in the range of $ 70-100k while a large company like google or facebook are more in the $ 120k + range . 
  from where i live 101 is always faster than 280 . 
  280 has less traffic but it takes so much more effort to get on or off of 280 vs 101 . 
  have you looked at the business offerings ? 
  they are generally a bit more expensive , have a higher setup cost but you get a much better connection and a much higher speed . 
  any idea what the turn around time on `` buying more servers '' is ? 
  it 's far longer than you would like to think . 
  lets say 1-4 weeks to sign the deals needed to get more power/space from a colo ( if its available ) . 
  another week to get it setup . 
  2 weeks to get the servers built and delivered , another to get it wired and configured . 
  you are looking at 5 weeks , if everything goes according to plan . 
  guess what it never does . 
  its wrong . 
  it does n't have any of the time i 've spent playing dota on it . 
  and i 've spent more time playing dota then any other game in my steam library . 
  lighting was crappy in the parking garage . 
  it 's a suzuki gz250 . 
  purge beats up on himself as much if not more than he beats up on his team mates . 
  he also tends to be supportive/congratulatory of his team mates successes also . 
  so yea he can be moody but in my mind its very excusable in context of the rest of his behavior . 
  i used to tie a lopsided granny knot and my laces would come undone all the time . 
  i 've recently learned to tie a surgeons knot and my shoes no longer come untied . 
  it 's a pretty easy knot to tie and if you do it right it creates a cool shape . 
  totally worth spending 5 mins learning the surgeon 's knot ( or ian knot ) . 
  just practice it a few times and eventually it will become second nature . 
  not the op but the datacenter we use for work has this really steep hill with a gate midway up it . 
  i got to the gate but could n't trigger it . 
  no choice but an up hill u-turn . 
  far from my smoothest maneuver but i managed to do it without dropping or stalling the bike . 
  one of my proudest moments . 
  for context i 've had my bike for a bit less than a month . 
  this almost happened to me .
