  it took me about a week to get the basics ( 80 % ) of cyrillic down . 
  that week was mostly spent using [ a cyrillic anki deck ] ( https://ankiweb.net/shared/info/3396002907 ) ( this deck has a few bugs , a few of the sounds did n't play until i munged them a bit ) after practicing with anki i then would spend a bit of time practicing how to touch type russian . 
  to practice typing i configured my mac to allow switching between qwerty and russian , a quick option + space switches back and forth . 
  then i would go to [ keybr ] ( http://www.keybr.com ) and practice . 
  doing this for a week or so got me 80 % of the way . 
  i 'm not fast at typing but i have a basic idea of where all the keys are on the keyboard and it allows me to do duolingo and anki courses slowly but without too much frustration . 
  now every lesson of duolingo and every anki session also reinforces how to touch type . 
  learning russian words is still massively slower than learning german or english ( native ) words is for me due to how foreign they are . 
  but i can see it getting faster . 
  three or four weeks in and i 'm also starting to be able to sound out how a word is spelt with a decent level of accuracy . 
  as i become more familiar with more russian words and more familiar with cyrillic it is becoming easier and easier to remember new words . 
  yup , this is the program i used to get my battery replaced . 
  thanks for the additional information about it !, 
  with how foreign everything is i 'm not surprised that it is taking me ( and yourself ) longer to learn things , but as it becomes more familiar as we are able to make more connections it becomes easier . 
  this has also been my experience as a programmer . 
  once you know one or two programming languages it takes little time at all to pick up another in the same family . 
  for example going from python to golang . 
  if the new one is very different than it takes a lot longer to pick up , e.g. 
  going from python to haskell . 
  once you know a few from different families it becomes easier to pickup another by drawing connections to what you already know . 
  deutschland/germany is n't really a translation of a name . 
  germany comes from one of the many tribes that later combined to form modern germany , while deutschland ( and like 10 + other names for germany ) come from other tribes . 
  germany is slightly anglicized but is relatively close to its origin . 
  they have this sign in basically all jjs . 
  there is an older version of it as well that looks a bit different . 
  source : worked at jjs when i was in high school . 
  well considering he has already used unsecured lines to make calls to foreign heads of state and government i 'm sure he already has exchanged classified docs via email . 
  anki works fine offline . 
  i do greatly prefer using it from a computer rather than from an ios device . 
  you also need to sync your files before hand . 
  because most people have a sense of shame . 
  so when they do something disgraceful , embarrassing , etc they react to it . 
  trump does n't have a sense of shame . 
  he just pretends he did nothing wrong , or that everyone else is wrong for thinking he did something wrong . 
  the one time i can think that he did anything close to an apology was after several days of non stop wall-to-wall coverage . 
  i think his staffers forced him to apologize . 
  [ fluent forever ] ( http://a.co/33yd1ew ) ( which has a mixed reputation around these parts from what i gather ) has a chapter or two dedicated to this . 
  part of the issue is likely that he is unable to differentiate the sounds . 
  one of the things fluent forever discussed was a study where they had non-english speaking japanese individuals put into an mri . 
  they then had an english speaker repeatedly say `` rock '' , and then randomly say `` lock '' in its place . 
  they then monitored the brain activity . 
  with the japanese individuals their brain did n't react any differently to the two words , with english speaking individuals you would see a spike in the brain activity when the pattern changed . 
  turns out that most japanese speakers have trained their ears/brain to hear the `` r '' sound and `` l '' sound the same in those two words . 
  when i started playing around with russian i had an almost impossible time telling the difference between '' \u0429 '' and '' \u0428 '' , not only do they look alike but they sound pretty similar if you have n't trained your ear to hear the difference . 
  so what is the solution to this ? 
  you practice . 
  find words that sound the same to you but do n't to a native speaker . 
  play one at random ( or use anki to setup flash cards to do this ) , say which one you think it is , then check your answer . 
  repeat , repeat , repeat until you can always tell the difference . 
  eventually you break your brain and ears out of hearing the two sounds as the same . 
  hope this helps !, 
  * disclaimer : i am not a scientist , a professional or anything else . 
  take everything i say with a grain of salt *, 
  chernobyl contains four reactors , and another two were in progress of being built when the disaster occured . 
  the particular reactor that blew up was reactor number four . 
  it and reactor number three are built sharing the same outer building and shared the same chimney stack . 
  the new shelter only covers the half of the building that contained reactor number four . 
  fun fact : reactor number three ( and to be fair one and two ) ran for many years after the chernobyl incident , only being totally shutdown in 2000 . 
  after the incident the city of chernobyl itself was evacuated and no one lives there . 
  all the workers who are needed to keep the plants running were moved to about 50 miles away . 
  this alone greatly reduced any risks of exposure . 
  the soviets cleanup was decently successful and most of the space around chernobyl is not highly radioactive , just higher than background levels . 
  although there are still areas around chernobyl like the red forest that are still highly dangerous . 
  i would imagine that the insides of reactors one , two , and there are likewise fairly clean . 
  from my understanding the workers would just commute in everyday avoiding or if unavoidable minimizing time spent in the more dangerous parts . 
  then they would work in the plants as normal . 
  except the ban allows for the administration to make exceptions for people of minority religions in those countries . 
  if you are syrian and christian you are ok to come in , but if you are syrian and muslim you are n't . 
  the fact that their is a religious test as part of the ban makes it really hard to not think it is a religious ban . 
  source [ executive order : protecting the nation from foreign terrorist entry into the united states ] ( https://www.whitehouse.gov/the-press-office/2017/01/27/executive-order-protecting-nation-foreign-terrorist-entry-united-states ) :, 
   is further directed to make changes , to the extent permitted by law , to prioritize refugee claims made by individuals on the basis of religious-based persecution , provided that the religion of the individual is a minority religion in the individual 's country of nationality, 
  the queen is the living embodiment of `` the crown '' , the government of england . 
  there is always a crown . 
  the moment one monarch dies the successor ascends and becomes the new monarch . 
  both legally and in spirit . 
  hence the old phrase , `` the king is dead , long live the king '' . 
  queen elizabeth ii 's coronation happened sometime in june several months after her father died , but her father did in fact die sixty five years ago today . 
  in the unix world nomenclature is a bit different `` server programs '' are called daemons , and they run on `` servers '' which are just headless machines : computers with no monitors , keyboards , or mice . 
  thanks i 'll give them a call . 
   it can be hard at times . 
  life does n't like to cooperate, 
  we are the most apathetic army out there . 
  prenups are n't worth too much . 
  they can easily be overturned in any liberal state , which includes ny . 
  poor dutch , having their national color being run into the ground so . 
  everyone reacts differently to different medications so do n't take this as a statement that you should n't take vyvanse . 
  vyvanse and i do n't mix at all . 
  it made me feel constantly sick . 
  like i was always just on the edge of throwing up . 
  i stopped being able to eat . 
  over the course of a month i lost 20 pounds . 
  in addition it increased my anxiety and depression and made me somewhat suicidal . 
  things that would normally be a 3 on the anxiety scale were 5-6s and things that would be a five where 8-9s . 
  i 'd hate to think how it would be if something major actually occurred while i was on the medication . 
  it was not a good setup . 
  good luck and i hope it is a better setup for you than it was for me . 
  when i go to the uk i pickup an unlimited data plan for # 30 . 
  way cheaper than a similar plan in the us . 
  verizon is about $ 80 , t-mobile is $ 60 i think . 
  i 've seen them ride their dual sports in non-motor vehicle alleys , often with stairs .
