  i can sympathise with almost everything you said . 
  i struggled for several years about going to the doctor to get medication because why would i need it , i was functional had a good job etc. 
  would medication change who was ? 
  i think medicines that muck with the brain are the hardest to reason about taking . 
  there is just so much worry about personality and what defines you . 
  i think though once you are on it and have found a stable dosage that all goes away and you realize `` oh hey i had a problem , it needed to be sorted out '' . 
  then one day i hit a low and just could n't take it any more and scheduled the appointment with my primary care . 
  that was all it took . 
  once the appointment was scheduled i had to go through with it . 
  just a heads up ( at least in the us ) :, 
  psychologist : a therapist with a phd . 
  i hope this can help you and if you want more information , or you want someone to talk to send me a private message and we can talk there or we can find something like skype . 
  this offer is basically open for anyone on reddit . 
  if you are struggling with depression please reach out to someone it can get better . 
  my doctors found a suitable dosage for me pretty fast . 
  they started me on a low dosage and i saw a huge improvement , there have been some changes as i 've gotten used to it and established tolerances . 
  a lot of it is just being aware of changes in yourself and keeping track of those . 
  you also have to just stick with it . 
  the first few weeks there were a few negative side effects but they faded pretty fast . 
  my psychiatrist is aware that the way i 'm reacting to at least one of my drugs is a bit underwhelming as far as anxiety goes so he has plans to increase my dosage to see how i react but that wont be for another few weeks due to travel . 
   after it all said and done , do you feel like it effected things like your personality ? 
  or is just like a constant stream of motivation ? 
  yes . 
  i 'm way more relaxed and able to just enjoy the moment . 
  i find myself bantering with people where as before i was wound very tight . 
  it also gives me a lot more energy and motivation . 
  i still struggle to do things and build habits but the struggle is much more manageable . 
  at the core i 'm still me . 
  i still enjoy the things i did before , i still have the same mannerisms , i still have the same knowledge . 
  it just opened doors and let me make a choice to do or behave differently if i want to . 
  if you want a book about medicine changing who you are take a look at `` listening to prozac '' it was written in the 90s or so and does n't go as deep as i 'd like but its a start . 
  overall the most critical thing i can say is find a good doctor , how is a much harder problem . 
  you have to be open , truthful and vulnerable to your doctor ( s ) . 
  the house of lords does n't run the government . 
  they have significantly reduced powers vs the house of commons . 
  basically they review bills and other things . 
  if they dislike them they will suggest changes and push back on the house of commons . 
  the most they can do is delay the passing of a bill by two years . 
  overall from my observations they provide a strong watch dog on the house of commons , often calling them out on parts of the bill . 
  that is n't to say they do n't have their own agendas , problems , or other influence . 
  * disclaimer : i 'm a dual british/american citizen who was raised and spends most of his time in the states . 
  there is always a chance i have made an error in my above statement . 
  yea my friends and i will commonly rerun instances as needed by the others in the group . 
  even if we have run it before . 
  it helps that some of my more time free friends have multiple level 25 + alts so they can generally find one that needs it . 
  so in america we basically have nothing with blackcurrant . 
  i 'm a bit biased as blackcurrant is one of my favorite fruits & flavors but people around me seem to enjoy when i bring the biscuits or sweets with blackcurrants . 
  i strongly recommend against this . 
  you can buy an electric kettle in the states and it is going to boil at the same rate as a `` travel kettle '' set at 110 . 
  the limitation on our boiling speed is directly related to the fact that our electricity is capped at 110 without jumping through a lot of hoops . 
  you can pick up a litre kettle on amazon for around [ 1 ] ( 10 # ) , or grab one in a store for under 20 # . 
  a nice kettle will be more expensive . 
  my kettle at work was around 100 # but it is a full automatic tea brewer that sadly sucks at brewing tea but is a great kettle . 
  as for the speed the issue is a limitation of our electricity . 
  the standard outlets on this side of the pond provide less than half the voltage you get over there . 
  which means water takes twice as long to boil . 
  [ 1 ] : http://smile.amazon.com/proctor-silex-k2070ya-electric-1-liter/dp/b00iwojs9a/ref=sr_1_1?s=kitchen&amp;ie=utf8&amp;qid=1415062631&amp;sr=1-1&amp;keywords=electric+kettle, 
  so looking around the internet a standard outlet in the us is 120v@15a ( some will allow 20 , yay for us inconsistency ) . 
  in the uk it is 230v@13a . 
  this means in the uk you have a maximum wattage of 2990 vs 1800 in the us . 
  if you know you are working with a 20a outlet then you could get close with a wattage of 2400 . 
  so i 'm not an electrician and i 'm sure i could be very wrong in everything i wrote above but as far as i can tell and according to everything i can find there is a significant difference between the maximum water heating ability of an average us and uk outlet . 
  when spoken i usually hear dq refereed to as daylies ( maybe that would be spelt dailies ? 
  heh , every programmer has been there . 
  good luck in your adventures to clean up what ever mess happened . 
  probably not , but i 'd recommend starting with `` ocarina of time '' . 
  it is available on the 3ds is often considered as one of the best zelda games ever . 
  it is also technically a hard prequel to majora 's mask , but you would n't really miss out on too much if you skipped to majora 's mask . 
  price : $ 154.59, 
  movement : quartz, 
  size : 38 millimeters, 
  link : [ amazon ] ( http://smile.amazon.com/tissot-t0494101605301-pr100-black-watch/dp/b0055scp2i/ref=sr_1_3?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1416258123&amp;sr=8-3&amp;keywords=tissot+pr1 ), 
  description : a clean and slightly classy low end watch . 
  it is really light and pretty small on the wrist . 
  includes a small date window . 
  it is available in multiple bands with a black and a white face . 
  this was my daily watch until i was given one by a friend . 
  i graduated high school on a technicality , i have no degrees or certificates . 
  i got hired as junior help desk at a job . 
  i was pretty terrible at it honestly , i do n't know exchange or outlook very well . 
  i did happen to know linux decently well , better than any of the devs or the windows sysadmin and they had a bunch of linux servers that the windows sysadmin took care of . 
  i ended up getting all of the linux tickets and grew . 
  eventually i was the senior sysadmin at that company . 
  i then left and went to a bigger company with people that knew what they were doing going back to junior sysadmin and then worked my way up to mid-to-senior sysadmin before transferring to junior-to-mid programmer at the same company . 
  you can do it , it is just a matter of getting your foot in the door . 
  i 've had that happen in a datacenter . 
  it is when you start getting creative and ejecting the cd room drive via ssh to find the machine . 
  on modern machines i have remotely configureable blinker lights . 
  makes it much easier . 
  yes yes yes . 
  i 've literally done this before . 
  nagios ' ` check_http ` has this built in . 
   `` all right , '' said susan . 
  `` i 'm not stupid . 
  you 're saying humans need ... fantasies to make life bearable . '', 
   really ? 
  as if it was some kind of pink pill ? 
  humans need fantasy to be human . 
  to be the place where the falling angel meets the rising ape . 
   `` tooth fairies ?
