  it both catches a lot of the water that spills when he drinks and prevents him from flipping the bowl . 
  my newfie also likes to throw food on the floor and then eat it from the floor , hence the second neater feeder . 
  i really wish this was not called `` wireless charging '' , but called `` contact charging '' . 
  when my mum was in her early twenties she spent some time in the us . 
  her room mate would cover her yorkshire puddings with peanut butter . 
  i just do n't understand . 
   war of 1812 . who care . 
  we kick their asses . 
  but ... what ... why ... history ... * proceeds to cry *, 
  there [ is/was a bug ] ( http://www.openradar.me/31302382 ) in the latest xcode that was causing abnormally large app binary sizes . 
  my unfounded ( half-joking ) conspiracy theory is that someone in the white house is purposefully leaking the information that way they have ammunition to start a witch hunt over all the other leaks/whistleblowing going on . 
  they claim that is because the original court order prohibited them from working on figuring out the new vetting process . 
  totally believable / s, 
  washington 's is terrible . 
  it always gets stretched in strange ways by gps devices . 
  i wish we moved to something more simple . 
  in the trailer it says dlc . 
  as a unix developer/sysadmin/person i had no clue about this . 
  while the rfcs are n't windows specific i can see a lot of unix people being clueless . 
  as it is i have to lookup the documentation ip ranges every time . 
  on twitter he was looking for other possible opportunities . 
  so it sounds like he is n't planning on going back to apple . 
  now assuming he left apple on good terms there is little reason he could n't go back . 
  what region are you in ? 
  what is vat/sales tax/income tax for your region ? 
  my non-expert , non-accountant understanding of taxes is that in some countries the tax portion of this revenue has to be withheld . 
  without knowing which province you are in i could n't say for sure , well i 'm not an accountant or a canadian so i could n't say for sure either way . 
  if this works anything like the us you probably have withholdings at one of the upper tax rates , which from googling gets to be around 35-40 % . 
  this would match to the $ 2.50 being reduced to $ 1.57 . 
  most likely you are being overtaxed and will get a refund during your next tax season for any overpayment . 
  i face this with ( non-twitch affiliate ) side income in the us . 
  the default tax rate is automatically one of the higher tax brackets ( not the highest ) . 
  then at the end of the tax year i reconcile and pay extra if i underpaid , or get a refund if i overpaid . 
  you should get a [ usb condom ] ( https://www.amazon.co.uk/portapow-charge-block-adapter-smartcharge/dp/b00t0dw3f8/ref=sr_1_1/259-8269868-2999237?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1498776927&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=usb+condom ) . 
  i have to have one in my car because otherwise the sat-nav crashes when you plugin a phone . 
  this is the declaration of independence , which is completely independent of the constitution . 
  it was the declaration of war at the start of the american revolution . 
  the constitution did n't come about until after the war was resolved , and the articles of confederation had failed . 
  water that is high in mineral content . 
  it changes the taste of the water and hence the tea . 
  if i understand correctly many of the skill tree nodes will say things like `` team tech +3 '' vs `` tech +3 '' . 
  i wonder how much of normal stats transfer if any at all . 
  that exact issue has bit me in the past . 
  it got to the point where our cto 's joking moto was `` have you checked the file descriptor limits '' . 
  at somepoint someone updated the configuration manager to force file limits to be near-unlimited . 
  still ended up biting us when rolling out new software . 
  as someone who has been on your side of one of these outages ( i think we were down for about 16 hours ) : good luck , know that the community will be angry right now but most of them wo n't remember or care in a month . 
  some of it also has to do with the us market . 
  if you spend time on quasi-us centric messaging boards ( / r/cscareerquestions / or hacker news ) then you get exposed to what us pay is for similar positions . 
  starting salary for a fresh out of uni programmer is $ 100k in san francisco or seattle . 
  this then also comes over to at least a degree by major us multinationals like google , facebook and amazon . 
  we do n't consider this type of language acceptable when the right does it , lets not do it ourselves . 
  yes jared and ivanka have likely broken many laws and should most likely not be in the whitehouse or have security clearance , but lets keep it civil . 
  i 've moved around a lot and have lived all over the us . 
  i 've heard all of these used interchangeably . 
  i do n't think the order of the dates when written influences how it is spoken . 
  using push notifications for advertisements are against apple 's tos and can get you banned form the app store . 
  the theory for why this does n't get more apps banned is that it is hard to enforce as it is unlikely to be caught during app testing . 
  maybe an event like this will cause apple to at least slap clash of clans on the wrist . 
  none of these are end to end encryption . 
  end to end encryption is things like apple imessage or whatsapp . 
  they handle the distribution of public encryption keys for users . 
  then the user writes the message on their phone and it is encrypted locally . 
  the message is then forwarded to the other user and is decrypted . 
  at no point in this chain is whatsapp or imessage able to read the contents of the message . 
  there are ways around this . 
  injecting their own public key which everything is also encrypted with as an example . 
  this has downsides involving the private key being lost or stolen in which case the messages can now be read by third parties . 
  reddit and banking encryption is point to point encryption . 
  the connection from your laptop to the banks server is encrypted , but reddit and the bank can both read the content as they have the key . 
  law enforcement agencies can get a court order against reddit/the bank for details and reddit can provide it . 
  with end to end encryption court orders for information are just about useless , instead you have to get a court order against the recipient . 
  if you back them up to icloud drive maybe , but standard imessage that is n't true at least as far as i 'm aware . 
  cloud synced messages are also encrypted such that apple ca n't read them . 
  i ca n't say in absolute terms , but at least in the technical circles and industries i work in end-to-end encryption is a term reserved for services where the service provider ca n't read the messages although they may have some metadata . 
  day one , 1password , imessage , and whatsapp all implement end-to-end encryption . 
  as far as i can tell what amber rudd is talking about is n't ssl encryption between you and your bank , but the inability to get data from apple or whatsapp when given a court order . 
  do n't take this as me supporting her argument , i just think that the argument is different than talking about reddit , banks , medications , etc. 
  this is true but it only covers `` income '' and not passive earnings . 
  so dividends payments as an example are double taxed as far as my research has indicated . 
  you forgot statements about how impressive your experience/resume/github is . 
  even mormons do n't teach that birth control is sinful . 
  they just think sex outside of marriage is . 
  at least as far as i recall . 
  in the five years that i lived in sf working in the tech industry i do n't think i 've ever heard anyone use these terms . 
  i have heard the terms in political discussions but it is by conservative friends purposefully being dicks . 
  i was referring to calling people betas and cucks , not beta used in other contexts . 
  outside of negative-context my team and many of the teams around me do n't have `` betas '' . 
  there are a few departments in the company that do where it makes sense . 
  instead we do things like `` darklaunches '' ( run a copy of the new code that receives user actions but the results are thrown away ) , staging environments , partial rollouts ( 5 % of traffic sees new system ) and other techniques . 
  it helps that i 'm an infrastructure engineer . 
  nothing i do should ever be directly visible to a user , instead it is building and adjusting internal systems to run the site better . 
  the term comes from a san francisco sugar baron . 
  basically a millionaire via sugar farms . 
  he took on a young girl as a mistress and she became the first `` sugar baby '' . 
  not my original source but [ this sfw article ] ( https://sf.curbed.com/2014/11/25/10018636/behind-the-hedges-and-inside-the-history-of-danielle-steels-spreckels ) as a bunch of details about the history . 
  if it has to be initiated by the phone then it is pretty secure and in that it is just about guaranteed to save lives . 
  if you have already compromised the phone to the point where you can trigger a 911 call then you already have way more power than this would give . 
  you have their location , all of their messages , etc etc. 
  i guess maybe you could put a phone number of ` 911 ` in a text or email which someone could tap , then tap the `` yes i do want to call 911 '' prompt , and then finally not hang up when they realize what is happening before the data is transferred .
