  others require knowing entire programming or domain specific language , for example sed or awk which have entire books written about them . 
  vim on the other hand is so vast it has its own religion . 
  apropos , arc , awk , bash , bg , cat , cd , chgrp , chmod , chown , clear , column , cp , cpp , cssh , curl , df , diff , dig , dstat , du , echo , env , ethtool , exec , exit , fg , find , freeipmi , fsck , gcc , gem , git , grep , gzip , head , host , hostname , htop , id , ifconfig , iotop , ip , ipmitool , iptables , jobs , jot , kill , ksh , less , ls , make , man , mkdir , more , mtr , mv , nano , nc , ngrep , nslookup , parallel , passwd , pdsh , perl , pgrep , pico , ping , pip , pkill , ps , pwd , python , rm , rmdir , ruby , scp , sed , seq , sh , sort , ssh , stat , sudo , tail , tar , tcpdump , top , touch , traceroute , ulimit , unzip , uptime , vi , vim , wget , who , xargs , zip , zsh, 
  in traditional fantasy fairies are not nice creatures . 
  it has largely been the work of disney that recast them in such light . 
  fairies are usually selfish tricksters who can not be trusted . 
  wow that is really misleading . 
  i 've been using 1 teaspoon per 8 oz . 
  i ca n't imagine using 6 , my tea would be insanely over the top . 
  i recently had mince meat pies using the same whiskey from walkers . 
  quite delicious . 
  there are three statements , one is just grammatically incorrect and the other two do n't work in context of each other . 
  third american here . 
  up until recently they were pretty rare and could only be found at specialty import shops , now you can find them at costco ( a bulk item store ) . 
  most american 's i know had never heard of them before harry potter and do n't use them during the holidays . 
  i 've seen a lot of rumors about this but my understanding is that these scare reports are from the `` whitelist '' setting . 
  basically a mode you can enable where your kids only have access to bbc kids , teletubies , etc. 
  in addition my understanding is that these are all opt-in . 
  you have to go out of your way to get them enabled for your home . 
  granted i could be wrong . 
  this is incorrect . 
  if his parents are both `` british citizen otherwise by descent '' ( generally but not 100 % meaning they were born in the uk ) and he is born after 1983 then he is automatically a british citizen by descent . 
  children of `` british citizens by descent '' do not automatically gain british citizenship . 
  if you do have children while overseas and you are in `` crown service '' there are special rules that may or may not make your children automatically citizens , this is n't something i 've done much research on since it is n't applicable in my case . 
  also if you are a `` british citizen by descent '' and primarily live in the uk but your children are born overseas ( say while on vacation ) there are special rules that may allow you to register them as british citizens . 
  source for some of the info : http://www.ukba.homeoffice.gov.uk/britishcitizenship/othernationality/britishcitizenship/bornoverseas/, 
  there is some ( hbo , a&e , netflix ) decently high quality entertainment but almost no decent quality news in the us . 
  i do n't think ss is inherently bad . 
  ideally you should be stashing extra money when you have lots of workers and few dependents for when you have fewer workers and more dependents . 
  the issue with ss is n't that ss is bad , it is a really important safety net , we just considered all of the extra money as `` free '' and spent it . 
  the military definitely has some over-funding problems . 
  medicare is a hard problem . 
  we need socialized medicine , it is good for a country to take care of its people . 
  you do have to draw lines , and say you are too old , this procedure will cost too much and have too little benefit to make it worth while . 
  the processes to draw these lines were called ` death panels ' by some members of our government . 
  depends where you are and who you hang out with . 
  i currently live in sf , and guns are mostly a non-consideration here ( with the exceptions of a few neighborhoods ) . 
  back where i lived before it was a fairly common conversation and many of the people around me had guns . 
  went to a friend of a friend 's party and someone pulled out their concealed carry to show . 
  they were all edging on the drunk side of the scale and waving the pistol around . 
  i was very uncomfortable and repeatedly asked them to put it away . 
  i 've heard the south and texas also have a much stronger gun culture . 
  overall it is definitely a combination of a class and region thing . 
  my understanding is that is a flag on your account . 
  lets you download and play any game from the steam library . 
  source : i know someone with said flag . 
  the parent comment was specifically about access to all games for people in the `` media '' and such . 
  that is what i was commenting on and not the all valve games . 
  thanks that is far better and more accurate info then i have . 
  skin games by jim butcher . 
  really you should go read the first 12 + books before you read this one . 
  if you are on a mac you can type `` alt/option '' + s to get \u00df, 
  while i was n't taught the young earth theory i was taught creationism . 
  i was taught evolution was wrong . 
  everyone i know was taught the same . 
  for reference i grew up on the east coast and moved to utah after i deconverted . 
  edit : i should mention that i do n't recall it being `` official doctrine '' one way or the other there were definitely cultural beliefs about it . 
  everyone stop . 
  take a deep breath . 
  this is how the internet works . 
  netflix is a major network and they buy transit from other major networks . 
  i 've worked for several years in the operations department for a company that does lots of network traffic ( top 100 in the world ) . 
  i personally know the people over at netflix that manage this type of deal , i wo n't talk for them but i have enough insight into their operations to say say it is n't terribly different from how my company does it . 
  this is how the internet works !, 
  you have a collection of networks ( comcast , level3 , bt , deutsche telekom , etc ) . 
  between them you have interconnects . 
  these interconnects come in two forms peering and transit . 
  netflix is paying various transit providers already . 
  lets pretend they use l3 , they are then competing for the l3 -  comcast connection along with every other l3 customer . 
  this causes a lower qos for netflix customers . 
  so now netflix looks at their cost/revenue analysis and says `` hey if we directly connect to comcast we can increase qos by x % . 
  an x % increase in qos will increase revenue by y % . 
  if we pay comcast for a direct connection it will cost us a but we will earn b where a  b. '', 
  the news in this story is n't that netflix all of a sudden started paying comcast . 
  it is that they * just * started paying comcast instead of a year ago . 
  netflix is a network : http://www.peeringdb.com/view.php?asn=2906, 
  this is 100 % normal and has been going on for the last two decades . 
  google receives as much data into its network as they send out so they are better able to swing peering deals , that said they likely already have some paid transit deals . 
  as trunicated stated this is netflix paying comcast to be one of their internet service providers . 
  this is what networks do they buy and trade traffic to each other . 
  your traceroute is looking at the wrong thing . 
  netflix uses amazon aws for running their web servers ( www.netflix.com ) . 
  netflix 's video is run off their own infrastructure which will be going over this netflix < =  comcast connection . 
  * edit * : s/this connection/netflix < =  comcast connection /, 
  youtube balances it in the other direction . 
  i of course do n't have access to their network utilities to see their exact amounts but i would n't be surprised if it was closer to 1:1 than say 2:1 in either direction . 
  hey as a person that works in this industry , personally knows the people over at netflix making this deal and sees these types of deals made on a day to day basis how is this not normal ? 
  how is this different from any other interconnect deal ? 
  i assure you this is not the great catastrophe that everyone is making it out to be this is simply netflix and comcast agreeing to connect directly . 
  it is standard fare for any network that does 100 + gbps . 
  this is actually bad advice on a couple of counts . 
  jars ca n't be executed . 
  they need to be run with java . 
  ` java - jar minecraft.jar `, 
  do n't use ` sudo ` if you do n't have to/you know you need to . 
  in this case since your user owns ` minecraft.jar ` you would be able to chmod it without sudo . 
  while sk4m 's information about ` 777 ` is technically correct you do n't want go grant everyone write access to the file . 
  much easier is doing ` chmod + x ` which will make it executable for everyone without changing the read/write settings . 
  a rogue piece of software ? 
  a misconfiguration piece of software ?
