  so i wear my [ sennheiser hd 8 dj ] ( http://smile.amazon.com/sennheiser-hd-8-dj-headphones/dp/b00hvi1fbm/ref=sr_1_1?ie=utf8&amp;qid=1420845521&amp;sr=8-1&amp;keywords=sennheiser+dj ) basically all day every day . 
  the $ 300 i spent on them has been well worth it . 
  between the comfort of the headphones and their natural ability to block out sound they have made my life demonstratively better . 
  this could be useful , but really it would be a nightmare to get right . 
  i use a couple of things to do this mostly . 
  * dropbox, 
  * i keep all dot files in dropbox and symlink them to my home folder on each of my machines . 
  * i use the builtin features in some apps like iterm , and 1password to store their configs in dropbox . 
  syncing code automatically is going to cause all sorts of issues . 
  this should n't be an issue anyways . 
  if you are n't keeping your code in a vcs ( git , hg , even svn ) you have 99 problems already . 
  seriously your code should always be in a vcs . 
  if you do n't know how to use one go learn ( i suggest git , it is harder but at this point the industry standard ) , it is one of the best things you can learn as a software engineer . 
  * icloud : syncs mail , contacts , calendars , etc, 
  * omnisync : syncs todo list, 
  * various other minor services that sync individual services, 
  this seems like a lot but it works well enough . 
  it would be nicer if more apps thought about syncing and would hook into a framework . 
  also to expand upon your til . 
  ` sudo ` is a unix command to escalate privileges to the root ( admin ) user . 
  so ` sudo make me a sandwich ` is saying , actually i 'm god , now go make me a sandwich . 
  ` pseudo ` means something that is not genuine , or not the real thing . 
  no just averages . 
  high cost places ( sf , nyc , london ) raise the average while low cost places ( omaha , slc ) lower it . 
  you 100 % summed up how i felt about the two . 
  the book remains one of my favorite of all times ( i own five copies including a signed one ) . 
  the movie is also one of my favorite movies . 
  * kindle, 
  * audible, 
  * paperback ( standard cover ), 
  * paperback ( in german via secret santa :d thanks secret santa ! ), 
  * signed hardback, 
  * i think paperback in new cover ( i 'm not positive if i did buy this one or not ), 
  i think kindle allows you to lend books now so yea , if you have a kindle and do want to borrow my copy feel free to pm me your amazon details and i 'll send it over . 
  most us carriers at this point have free roaming anywhere in the us . 
  so i 'm not sure why he would be showing off . 
  continuum is n't a syfy show . 
  it was produced in canada and then syfy bought the us rights to it . 
  `` i think i see you '', 
  `` octopudes '' is actually `` octopodes '' . 
  i always view it as the fact that sales tax changes between states , counties , cities , etc. 
  it becomes impossible to advertise prices with taxes built in . 
  so no one does it . 
  so if a shop advertises to a city that the good costs $ 4.95 , then on the shelf it says $ 5.07 in one store , and $ 5.10 in another because they happen to be in different tax zones . 
  consumers then get really confused because prices are all different . 
  yorkshire pudding . 
  probably on my shoulder . 
  1password . 
  absolutely worth the $ 50 ( or $ 35 if you buy during the st paddy 's sale ) . 
  in traditional role playing games like d&d there is a two axis set of alignments . 
  it is to provide guidance to how your character would react to situations . 
  lawful evil would be the sheriff rottingham , while robin hood would be chaotic good , someone who is doing things for the betterment of others , even though his actions are outside the law . 
  it is more words that are very similar , except for one letter or sound . 
  the point is to emphasize that one letter or sound to assist untrained ears to recognize it . 
  thanks for the examples . 
  i 'll add them to my word list . 
  i know linux and unix better than most . 
  i assure you i 'm perfectly capable of running a linux laptop . 
  i 've done it for years , in addition i 've run my own mail servers and maintained thousands of linux servers . 
  i switched to osx on the laptop because it genuinely is easier . 
  i do n't have to fight anywhere near as much to keep my laptop running , going to sleep , connecting to the wifi , etc. 
  i can still tweak things and build tools to make it behave how i like but i 'm not having to fight to get codecs to watch videos . 
  i 'm able to buy an appletv and have my laptop , video collection and tv just `` work '' , etc , etc. 
  i find your insinuation that myself and many of the very qualified developers i know ( who use osx ) only use it because they want to look cool and do n't know what they are doing to be insulting . 
  many of us want to have lives , or working on interesting problems , not on getting `` network manager '' to connect . 
  i 'm like 90 % sure ( based upon my facebook feed ) that netflix rents colo-space at this point . 
  that is n't entirely accurate . 
  you ca n't daisy chain a display port onto a thunderbolt display for example . 
  darwin is the xnu kernel with a modified freebsd user land and if i remember correctly exo-kernel . 
  / me takes off his pedantic hat . 
  hbo ( and starz ) is rather special as far as channels go . 
  i believe it generally costs $ 5-15 to add it to your existing cable connection , so this is n't out of line . 
  take a look at the book `` fluent forever '' it has a lot of tips about how to build your own duolingo type program using anki , google images , forvo , youtube and a few text books . 
  it is slower than duolingo because you are having to do a lot of things yourself , like find pronunciation clips . 
  i think the act of building it yourself is also one of its strengths . 
  it helps cement it rather than going through the motions . 
  pardon my nitpicking but my understanding was that the air lift was a joint project by nato allies . 
  i recall hearing stories of the raf playing a major role in providing cargo planes and pilots . 
  most of the law changes between states , counties and cities only really effect you if you are living or doing business there . 
  if you live on a border town you will generally be familiar with at least the generalities of the laws in both states . 
  beyond that you pay what ever tax the store , hotel , etc tells you to . 
  the biggest source of problems i 've seen are small variations in driving laws . 
  in some states it is legal to make a u-term at a green light unless posted , in others it is always illegal by default , luckily most officers will let you go with a warning if you have an out of state license plate . 
  some decisions are influenced by state laws . 
  i know of people that have left california due to its high income taxes for states for states without any income tax as an example . 
  `` non governmental organizations '' it usually a reference for charities . 
  ` seq 100 1 `, 
  during my little sister 's wedding last weekend the minister thanked god that we had such a free and wonderful country that they could be there getting married like that . 
  there was no tongue-in-cheek this was all serious . 
  growing up i saw it all over the place at church events . 
  there are genuinely people in the us that believe they are somehow more free and better for it than other countries . 
  only netflix 's website is served via aws . 
  video is served off their own cdn and a few external cdns . 
  so yes you could block aws but that is n't going to stop video streaming . 
  unless you are in san francisco . 
  then the goal is to get in the way as much as possible . 
  i definitely saw it a lot more when i lived in the dogpatch & hunter 's region . 
  i see it less in the fidi area . 
  but i 've definitely seen people use the hole that an ambulance is opening up to rush in front of the ambulance and get ahead in traffic . 
  or more commonly giving zero fucks that an ambulance is coming .
