  for example o1y ` horde triumph in fade ` is showing as ` rip vile rat `, 
  i think its only in null that station names change . 
  aws , digital ocean and linode are all reputable hosting providers . 
  i feel like 1 word a day is more about momentum than it is about actually learning one word a day . 
  if you can maintain the focus to learning at * least * one word a day , you will probably learn more . 
  and you are accomplishing the hardest part , sticking to it . 
  i do n't think thats legal . 
  a quick glance shows there is some law on the books that prevents them from banning you from having an american flag . 
  they could ban a specific flagpole or something because its a danger to the community , but ca n't ban american flags . 
  everyone in horde is a spai , no way you could organize something like that , but its ok . we like being spais . 
  googling your it issues . 
  all it professionals truly hate it when people do our jobs for us / s, 
  brits basically only use pre-bagged tea . 
  using tea with a tea pot is more for having guests over . 
  * [ yorkshire gold ] ( http://i30.tinypic.com/2608lmo.jpg ), 
  * [ tetley ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01722/tetley_1722769c.jpg ), 
  the bigger thing here is the string on the tea . 
  most tea bags do n't have a string , you just pull it out with a spoon . 
  i think this has more to do with company than seniority . 
  i enjoyed most of the tasks i was given as a junior engineer and would occasionally even spend a few hours at the end of the day prototyping something which then became a major part of our system . 
  there is one real use for it . 
  water proofing . 
  with wireless charging you can better seal the device . 
  depends where you are . 
  different countries have different warranty laws . 
  europe 's for instance are much stricter and cover wear and tear afaik . 
  yes loot boxes will drop items you already have . 
  the item is then sold off for i think 25 % of its coin value . 
  up until not long ago wales was n't a country but was a principality of england . 
  which is why the prince is the `` prince of wales '' . 
  i ca n't find any evidence of when the transition took place , it might have just been a slow process of redefining things with the final `` transition '' being when it was devolved in 1998 . 
  the modern uk flag predates wales becoming a country and they did n't change it when wales was made a country . 
  trys ending a death certificate ? 
  i use siri to dial phone numbers , even in public . 
  its no weirder to say `` call < foo  '' then it is to talk on the phone to < foo  in public . 
  i do n't use siri beyond that in public . 
  the rest of my siri use is either hands free while driving or while i 'm getting ready for work or bed and i do n't have a spare hand . 
  definitely a bug on your side . 
  i 've been using schwab for two year or so now . 
  at first i kept my old wells fargo account open and just moved paychecks and day to day spending to the schwab account . 
  schwab has been pretty good in regards to travel . 
  they have reimbursed international atm fees , and as long as i notify them that i 'll be traveling have had no issues using my debit card remote . 
  i 'm actually in the process of moving to seattle to work remotely for a company in sf . 
  helps that we have an office in seattle to work from . 
  that is one of the things he literally mentioned they are working on . 
  that is what the `` high bandwidth '' option they are talking about is , increasing the amount of communication between the server and client to increase the client tick rate , the server already runs at 60hz the client is the one that is running at 20hz . 
  it would actually make quite a bit of sense if they tried to move imessage to also be an alternative form of apple pay . 
  for example i owe my sister $ 10 send her a quick imessage that she can then redeem for the money on her end . 
  think of it as an alternative to paypal and venmo . 
  you have a very biased view here . 
  not all of us are able to envision the smells the tastes , sounds , sights etc. 
  in fact i ca n't stand to read jrr tolkien or grr martin because so much of their writing is lost on me . 
  i much prefer more pulpy books because i can enjoy them despite being unable to build the world in my head . 
  my nine month old newfie has never humped another dog to my knowledge . 
  he was fixed at six months . 
  he has been humped by other smaller dogs once or twice at the dog park . 
  its possible that he has humped , or been humped while at doggy day care , but they have n't mentioned it so i 'm assuming it is n't a problem . 
  you should use software like [ 1password ] ( https://1password.com/ ) to store your passwords . 
  you then do n't need to remember what password goes to what site . 
  you just remember your main password . 
  in addition you get fun stuff like different passwords on every site . 
  and passwords that look like ' 6eps9vgzvssexg ' . 
  lastpass has questionable security . 
  there was a global master password reset a few years ago , in addition they had some phising attacks that they are vulnerable recently . 
  i mean nothing too terrible , but the entire security model of lastpass leaves me against it and actively recommending friends and colleagues from using it . 
  i use 1password and strongly recommend it . 
  it does a full encrypt locally and syncs via an external unrelated service ( icloud , dropbox etc ) . 
  they do have a built in sync as a service which probably works pretty similarly but i 've not looked into the security of it . 
  dashlane looks pretty decent and appears to work in a similar manner . 
  i 've not done too much reading there as i 've only recently heard about it . 
  keypassx is of course opensource and is super secure . 
  this is the sounders who are based in seattle right near microsoft . 
  hmm , did n't pay close attention and thought that was their alternative kit . 
  4 ) they are lazy, 
  5 ) they are on a time crunch and who wants to spend what limited time they have on the unsubscribe page and not some other feature, 
  if you are talking about a full survey then i 'd agree with you . 
  that is scummy and illegal . 
  you need multiple lines . 
  some lines stop at many stations , others do n't . 
  30k is n't even the time for one person fulltime to do the work . 
  presumably some of that money goes into custody management to make sure the guns are properly melted down , some into melting them down , etc. 
  who knows how many people are involved . 
  are you sure all three went off ? 
  i was in a game last night where i was charged off but then rollerskated up the wall back to safety as lucio . 
  i 've never noticed any of these issues in the 2 + ( 4 i think ) that i 've used thunderbolt displays . 
  the biggest issues imho are the glossy screen which glares like nothing else , the insane price tag , and the bugginess that sometimes occurs when pluging/unpluging thunderbolt . 
  hmm , as a fellow software developer i 'm going to go with the first theory . 
  rarely do i ever see people being malicious in their execution . 
  often do i see things just slip because they slip . 
  but , but , mercy op blizz nerf plz !, 
  in all seriousness at least on pc mercy is one of the most powerful characters . 
  she often makes or breaks a team . 
  can someone help me understand the `` need '' bonus for dungeons . 
  specifically why is it always tanks ? 
  the tanks i 've talked to have sat in queues for 3-4 minutes . 
  this is pretty good , short time to get into a dungeon . 
  when i queue as a healer i will within 10 seconds be given a dungeon . 
  from my point of view there is obviously a greater need for healers , not tanks . 
  but the bonus is always for tanks . 
  why is this ?
