  my class was a bunch of people who had motorcycles for a while but could n't pass the dmv test . 
  they had the basics down but were n't the most skilled of riders . 
  we went quickly through starting exercises the ones i needed the most time and help on . 
  i somehow muddled my way through and got my license . 
  i 've then spent quite a few hours of my own time practicing what i had learned and researching what i missed from the course . 
  having those beginning techniques down makes a world of differences when trying to do more advanced techniques like u-turns . 
  i think going out with a friend and practicing the basics for 5-10 hours is a fantastic idea , one i kinda wish i had . 
  do n't indent on reddit it causes your paragraph to get put into source code mode which causes it to display wrong . 
  it is japanese porn either via animated cartoon ( anime ) or comic book ( manga ) . 
  off topic to the thread but it turns out spirited away is an analogy and statement about the japanese sex trade : http://my.opera.com/sukekomashi-gaijin/blog/spirited-away, 
  teleperformance ? 
  i swear every person i see driving a lexus is a women , generally middle aged . 
  as a motorcyclist fuck every single person who does this . 
  i hope they get caught and the $ 1000 fine is given . 
  it is a stock 2005 fz6 , i 'm not sure why i picked the name epona . 
  possibly because it reminds me of what i think riding a horse would be like , partially due to its very raised seating position . 
  unix/linux/programming and then got myself a job . 
  the work is mostly fun and interesting , the company has a very fun environment and the pay ca n't be complained about . 
  motorcycling . 
  as it is people motorcycle in shorts , sandals and a tee-shirt . 
  in the motorcycling world they are called squids because that is what they look like after an accident . 
  twist : it is n't your boss but the guy who had your phone number before you . 
  working for google ? 
  or did you just use google 's as ? 
  ingdirect now capital one 360 . 
  i 'm not sure if there were mailed documents when i first opened the account beyond the atm card . 
  but i never get mail any more . 
  flat tax of 15-20 % !, 
  if we can get it for corporations * maybe * ( wo n't happen but i can have hope ) we can push it for individuals . 
  i found the food to be quite poor quality . 
  particularly compared to what i 've found since moving to the sf bay area . 
  there office is in downtown san francisco so i 'm going to go with the second option . 
  hmm , i thought their headquarters was their sf office . 
  that was the first result google brought up . 
  but checking their site you are correct . 
  the button is n't there to help the user the button is there to allow twitch to better identify and track issues . 
  if they have a bunch of customers in region x , or browser y reporting issues then it allows them to better track the issue down . 
  no this is n't one of those woosh moments . 
  everyone else is confusing ` depreciate ' and ` deprecate ' not realizing they are two completely different words . 
  your joke is incorrect . 
  the original submission was substituting ` defecate ' for ` deprecate ' . 
  your joke is substituting ` defecate ' for ` depreciate ' . 
  these are different words with different meanings . 
  ` deprecate ' : is to disapprove of , ward off or in modern computing circles to make of obsolete . 
  ` depreciate ' : is to decline in value . 
  in utah we just called these sundays . 
  i saw them at maker faire last year . 
  i 've had no issues using safeway brand bandages . 
  so this is common in silicon valley . 
  at least for the early years . 
  generally goes something along the lines of : bob has a great idea for a site . 
  he mocks up a demo/minimum viable product , not the actual product but enough to show its use and value to people . 
  he goes and shows it off to a bunch of really rich folks ( angel investors and venture capitalists ) and they like it so they give him 5 million and take 20 % of the companies stock . 
  bob then hires a bunch of people , rents servers and leases an office . 
  he is then spending 1 million a year . 
  until the company/product is earning more than 1 million a year they are blowing through the money in the bank , and do n't have a profit . 
  in the above situation you have a `` runway '' of 5 years . 
  that is to say that the company can survive for 5 years without any change in profitability . 
  if the company can start earning say 500 thousand per year they would have a runway of 10 years assuming no changes . 
  obviously you would adjust your runway for projections of new or increased expenses , and negative/positive changes in income . 
  * disclaimer : all of the above numbers are for demonstration purposes and are not representative of a real situation . 
  i interpreted the message as 21 % of their employees use linux as their primary os . 
  you can also click the little arrow and it will collapse the entire panel . 
  it also has the side effect of increasing the viewing area . 
  they they should have used one of the ip ranges dedicated to documentation :, 
  the general consensus around / r/dota2 and around my professional circle was that kaci brought a level of professionalism to the tournament that most esports are missing . 
  i personally thought that she did a very good job of getting non-social butterflies interacting with people who were n't physically at the event . 
  very true but they could have shifted the tournament forward one day . 
  then the final would have been at 4am on a sunday morning . 
  much easier for people to go out of there way for . 
  at lunch the other day some coworkers and i were talking about how unfriendly the stream is to noobs . 
  we decided that they should have a eli5 stream . 
  where the caster glosses over some of the more complicated bits while making the stream more approachable to noobs . 
  minor correction : oregon not ohio . 
  i had one near where i used to live and they were awesome . 
  one of our favorite grocery stores . 
  every house/apt i could in sf . 
  would raise prices and force more people out of the city . 
  in addition i 'd make a fortune on rent . 
  i think i have 4 abandons . 
  all of them due to emergencies at work while i 'm on call . 
  yes a large portion of the company plays dota . 
  we have a small area in the back with some gaming machines . 
  after hours generally a bunch will stay and play dota . 
  some of the abandons are while i 'm at work , others are just from emergencies mid game . 
  i 'm a sysadmin so if the site has issues i generally have to respond right away . 
  particularly if i 'm on call . 
  no , and sorry but i wo n't reveal who it is . 
  i like my personal account and work to be separate . 
  means i can talk about technology issues without it being taken from the perspective of company x. 
  you can also change which courier all of your hotkeys are bound to . 
  select the courier and then their is a button in the lower right corner to set it to your `` default '' . 
  that still does n't stop other people from fucking with it though . 
  justin.tv is actually django . 
  there was a rewrite a bit back . 
  twitch is still rails though . 
  sorry but that does n't look very naked to me . 
  still a sexy bike . 
  i read it the same way . 
  so sadly this is a ways off from being practical in the real world .
