  little -- '', 
   yes . 
  as practice . 
  you have to start out learning to believe the little lies . 
   `` so we can believe the big ones ? '', 
   yes . 
  justice . 
  mercy . 
  duty . 
  that sort of thing . 
   `` they 're not the same at all ! '', 
   you think so ? 
  then take the universe and grind it down to the finest powder and sieve it through the finest sieve and then show me one atom of justice , one molecule of mercy . 
  and yet -- death waved a hand . 
  and yet you act as if there is some ideal order in the world , as if there is some ... some rightness in the universe by which it may be judged . 
   `` yes , but people have got to believe that , or what 's the point -- '', 
   my point exactly . '', 
  - terry pratchet , the hogfather, 
  it is possible that the typos were largely fixed between when he read the book and you did . 
  amazon allows updates to books . 
  systems engineering . 
  we build internal tooling and systems for other devs . 
  release and deployment systems , the application runtime , libraries , etc. 
  possibly , if they do it was n't offered to me . 
  i 'm fairly senior in terms of time spent with the company so if they do have on boarding it was n't offered to me due to grandfathering/forgetfulness . 
  i 'll check . 
  i have basically zero formal education in my field , one or two classes when i was in high school . 
  and took maybe one semester of college after graduating high school . 
  i spent a couple of years floating around doing shitty , nothing , jobs earning at max 30k ( after going to my boss and telling him i was doing a 45-50k person 's job ) . 
  then i got involved in my current field . 
  i 'm solidly in the six figures . 
  my current company is very above the board , we have a good product and we really do try and make our users happy . 
  they do n't always feel that way but generally it is due to lack of resources or legal obligations and not malicious intent when they feel like we are hurting them . 
  now then a previous company i worked for did the following things :, 
  * black box trading ( not inherently evil but not good for anyone except the traders ), 
  * provided `` stock trading '' education, 
  * cold called telemarketing, 
  * sent spam, 
  * questionable delivery, 
  * data mining of facebook and other social networks to collect data on you, 
  i did what i could to restrict some of this , particularly with the spam . 
  there were a couple of times where i just said no and that i would quit if they did something . 
  in addition i used the threat of can-spam to get changes made it so our `` customers '' could unregistration , and make our emails more legitimate . 
  honestly can-spam is one of the best things congress has done in the last few decades , it really has made spam much more bareable by making spam either go very legit or super sketchy . 
  this had made it easier for spam filters ( which have also improved ) to filter out unwanted mail . 
  i also worked for one of the companies that does polling for the gop and worked for a porn cdn . 
  have i mentioned that i love my current job , it is someplace i can be proud to be and our users do love us for the most part . 
  six figures income , 2014 volkswagen gti , purchased new for 30k at 0 % interest . 
  rent for a 1bed/1bath ( not studio ) starts around $ 2500 in san francisco . 
  $ 150k is very comfortable , probably around $ 100k in utah , $ 75k in most of nebraska , $ 130k in nyc , etc. 
  software engineers write software . 
  in sf this commonly means writing the code to build things such as twitter , reddit , facebook or things such as making your car read your mp3s , making your cell phone work ect . 
  starting salaries in the city are around 70-100k , depending upon the company and your prior experience . 
  my first job out here , not in sf itself , three years ago , with minor prior experience was 70k . 
  i 'm now solidly in six figures . 
  uni prestige is not really too important , but as someone coming from out of country it would likely make your visa application much easier . 
  but as an australian you actually will have a much easier time getting to the us then basically any other country . 
  basically you bribe us by not tariffing our wheat or something and in return we give you easy visas . 
  the biggest thing is just being hardworking and knowing your stuff . 
  i have no degree but applied for an internship and worked hard . 
  people were impressed and i was able to build connections . 
  good startups are happy to hire anyone of talent regardless of location , though again the limits of our visa system do make companies prefer us citizen and green card applicants . 
  100 + k is easily very comfortable . 
  just trying to say that it is n't quite the same as what people in the midlands believe it to be . 
  the cost of living is significantly higher . 
  as you said it is still easy to get yourself into a dangerous position , particularly because you mentally think you are a lot more stable than you are . 
  as for toronto , it is entirely possible but comparing costs across countries is much harder because different things are taxed or provided by the government . 
  i talked about starting costs , those are generally for the absolute smallest 1br in the shittiest neigborhoods . 
  neighborhoods where walking to the grocery store requires you to dodge piles of human shit and vomit . 
  many neighborhoods are much more expensive . 
  not lawyers , tech , top end accountents , etc ) often split 1 bedroom apartments into 3 + person places . 
  or they live 1-2 hours away . 
  also nyc has much much better public transit than sf . 
  you are correct 100k can be quite comfortable out here . 
  you will still be giving up massively on space , but you can afford nice things like clothes , toys , and electronics . 
  i was just trying to get it across that the cost for things out here is significantly higher and pure numbers can be deceptive . 
  as for people lying about how much they make , you are correct many people lie . 
  i have no reasons to , all i can say is i 'm telling the truth about how much i make if not understating it . 
  also yes i lived in nebraska when i was a teenager , when i was 16-17 . 
  i worked for a fast food restaurant called runza in a small-ass town in the middle of no where called cozad . 
  my numbers easily could be off for nebraska , i got out as fast as i fucking could and did n't pay a lot of attention while i was there . 
  as for a lambo , nope i have a nice little 2014 gti , awesome car lots of fun to drive . 
  looks like you are correct , cost of living is higher in nyc than sf by a bit around 5 % . 
  except housing costs : http://www.businessinsider.com/san-francisco-is-more-expensive-than-new-york-city-2014-9, 
  and sf prices are going to continue to go up over the next year as the limited number of houses continues to be stretched . 
  i would be amazed to find a detached home in sf for 630 ~ , i 'd expect around 2 million to be honest . 
  there are only a handful of parts of the city where i know of where you can find a detached home at all . 
  the city is almost entirely row houses and apartments . 
  i 'm looking at buying a 1bd condo at the moment and most of the prices i 've seen are in the 400-700k range . 
  you can find a town house for 900k to a million . 
  sssh , stop giving away the secret . 
  ctrl + [ = = escape, 
  if you switch caps to control then you can easily hit escape , ctrl + d , ctrl + u , etc. 
  i 've learned to enjoy my really nice headphones . 
  they are n't really nice because they produce the best sounds ever ( they do produce a nice sound but i do n't have the ear to fully hear it ) . 
  they are really nice because they block out everything . 
  i work in an open office . 
  an open office that was not designed with sound in mind . 
  even a little bit of conversation manages to cary and echo in ways that it becomes very disturbing . 
  a couple of conversations going on anywhere in the wing my office and i become unable to think .
