i 've read through the first article . 
  apparently , there is a possibility to profit from the reunification if our own politicians do n't screw up/commit theft . 
  though that comes at a cost of guaranteed worsening of our situation for at least 5 years . 
  i am unsure where i stand on this issue at this point . 
  i guess i will need some time to think it over . 
  thanks for the quality discussion . 
   i 'm quite sure that if it there was a democratic and free-willing reunification , it would be supported by the eu and other international organisations , it 'd improve romania 's attractiveness among investors and increase stability in the region . 
  personally , i do n't think the pros outweigh the cons but then again i am no expert in these matters . 
  if there was some science to back up the claim that reunification would indeed be beneficial for us then obviously i would n't be against it . 
   hell , we ca n't abandon a population just because they 're so poor . 
  if they want changes , they should be given the opportunity . 
  it could even be harmful to left moldova out due to the danger of instabilities . 
  spain and portugal were accepted to the eu mainly for these reason ( and of course , the ideal of unified europe ) . 
  they already had the opportunity to split from us , and they took it . 
   for a while . 
  that 's a real concern indeed . 
  but think of it this way : better to have them with us and than against us because russia got to them first . 
  they were the ones that wanted the separation . 
  they were the ones that wanted their own language . 
  why should we let them back now that they hit rock bottom ? 
  if anything they would do everyone a service by dragging russia down instead of us . 
  i know this probably comes out as hateful but i already have my own share of problems and i do n't want to inherit someone else 's aswell . 
   anyway , this is all theoretical . 
  my point is that your comment sounded troll . . ish . 
  if i were a moldavian , i would find it offensive . 
  fair enough . 
  though i find that being offended by some random internet stranger to be a bit absurd . 
  i do n't . 
  i am dead serious . 
  an unification with moldova would only drag us down from an economic point of view . 
  feel free to shelter them all in your own house as long as it does n't negatively affect my well-being . 
  because what we need is more poor people . 
  hole shit !, 
  what 's with all the downvoted comments in here ? 
  is this thread being brigaded or something ? 
  the pretext was that of denying integration of the gypsies forcing them to live in poverty or something like that . 
  before we entered the eu , gypsy occurrences in the west were relatively small . 
  now it is very noticeable . 
  france even payed gypsies one by one to return to romania . 
  you can see how desperate the situation has become . 
  first , the europeans called us racist because the gypsies denied integration . 
  now that they are immigrating towards the western european countries , europeans see their behavior first-hand and are unable to integrate them . 
  then maybe the americans will call europeans racist until the gypsies immigrate en masse to usa . 
  then perhaps japan will call americans racists ... a never ending cycle . 
  you did not add anything to the discussion , just insulted him . 
  typical srs . 
  besides , you are knowingly inviting a downvote brigade here . 
  furthermore , there 's a big image plastered there that clearly says `` do n't touch the poop '' . 
  but of course , srs does n't really care about rules . 
  i think i get what you 're saying . 
  i edited the wording a little bit though it probably does n't seem much . 
  go back to srs . 
  your stupidity is not welcomed here . 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/shitredditsays/comments/1lbwat/on_roma_people_poverty_is_not_the_problem_their/ edit : oh , apparently you 're the one who linked this comment to srs . 
   the same way it 's wise to disassociate yourself from being romanian while abroad . 
  you would n't want to be associated with one of the most backward countries in europe , now would you ? 
  you are correct . 
   do you think shame of `` your randomness '' is logical , btw ? 
  obviously not . 
  however , i do not associate shame with something that is beyond my control exactly the same how i do not associate pride with something that is beyond my control . 
   the fact remains that there are , according to estimates , somewhere between 1.5 and 2.5 milion romanian citizens are roma . 
  fact remains that only 0.6 milion declare their ethnicity as roma , others choosing to declare something else . 
  i do n't see how that is even a problem . 
  if anything , it could be considered a smart move . 
  besides , your association of this fact with `` shame '' is merely speculation . 
   the two are not mutually exclusive . 
  maybe . 
  that does n't mean that what you 're saying is necessarily true as there are counter-arguments . 
  this is n't even about race . 
  this is about culture . 
  most gypsies are n't highly disliked because of their skin color but because of their toxic culture . 
  it would n't even be a problem if their behavior would n't have a negative impact on the rest of society . 
  edit : added `` most '' in front of `` gypsies '' to avoid gross generalization . 
  prove it . 
  prove that we , as a whole as your sentencing is suggesting , are racist . 
  why would anyone stand proudly by his own ethnicity ? 
  why would anyone stand proudly by a random event of nature ? 
  why would anyone stand proudly by his own nationality ? 
  it is illogical to be proud of the randomness of being given birth in a random country with a random skin color . 
  here 's a clip from george carlin about pride : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-onwnwwxnpa are you proud of being white ? 
  but now to the point . 
  if i was a roma and wanted to integrate myself with the romanian culture i would n't want to associate myself with the roma culture either . 
  it is widely believed , and for good reasons , that most roma break the law and beg on the streets . 
  now , would n't it be wise to disassociate yourself to this kind of culture in general ? 
  yes , it sucks for the roma that they ca n't be proud of the randomness of their birth but i am fairly certain that the more educated of them do not care about such triviality . 
  i still would n't consider this of them trying to `` pass off as romanian '' but rather to disassociate themselves of being from a mostly toxic culture . 
  til not begging on the street , breaking the law and being an asshole to the general public is trying very hard to pass off as romanian . 
  make no mistake , i have the utmost respect for the integrated roma but your line of saying that they try to `` pass off '' as romanian is just bullshit . 
  they *** understand *** romanian though most of the time they speak in romany ( gypsy language which most romanians do n't understand ) . 
  i think he meant that romanians are not easily fooled anymore and that 's because romanians know the tricks of trade of the gypsies . 
  life with louie was my favorite cartoon when i was a kid and it was all in english ... 
  it 's a shame they now dub the cartoons from our channels . 
  i grew up in a neighborhood where the majority here are gypsies and some breeds between gypsies and romanians . 
  was n't easy living here . 
  i was the only kid who did n't have any trait characteristic to a gypsy . 
  i was insulted , publicly ridiculed , beaten , spit ( spitting seems like a signature move of the gypsies ) , had stuff stolen from me and all that at a very young age . 
  they even stole my tennis ball , which was the last gift from my dieing grandfather and left me crying for hours . 
  my parents tried to keep me safe but it was impossible to move away because of our financial status ... 
  i still remember yelling the shit out of some kids that were picking on me and then my father who would have heated conversations with the parents . 
  i 'm lucky to have very loving parents .
