  tips fedora . 
  give this man a cookie , 
  grandmasterflash is on point . 
  you are not alone in your opinion . 
  stay safe & best wishes from croatia . 
  just yesterday bought tickets to his vienna show in april . 
  love this man . 
  all the time . 
  and ` you do n't look like a kanye fan ' sentence accompanied by a very judgmental look . 
  always from people who never listened to any of his music . 
  these people are the same ones who claim to ` listen to everything ' . 
  that 's a clear sign they do n't listen anything at all . 
  almighty sosa wins . 
  i saw him on last oasis tour for the first time.that was a night to remember , but this is a different story , his solo stuff . 
  the feels between # 995 & mar. 
  touche . 
  novi izbori it is . 
  eno se karamakic strogo ogradio u izjavi za vijesti nove tv od threesome vlade . 
  you 're not alone . 
  minus the hair . 
  you 're 16 . 
  when i was 16 i spent all my free time playing the sims and listening to black metal . 
  now i 'm 27 , and had quite a few relationships , so i 'm not worried about you . 
  just do n't neglect education , the rest will come and you 'll be just fine . 
  but , you 'll still like the sims , it never stops , 
  she 's 16 , long term stuff comes later in life . 
  this right here is the no. 1 rule in life we should all follow . 
  i just started too , two 5 minute sessions today . 
  i felt great and calm afterwards . 
  i 'm on the very beginning but i have a gut feeling this is going to be a lifechanging journey . 
  if any of you have some good tips for beginners , i 'm all ears . 
  her physician is yeezy . 
  / r/serialkillers would be interested in this . 
  asap rock ft. drake ,2 chainz and kendrick lamar - fuckin problem . 
  fuck it , now i 'm in love with this guy . 
  kajin loves big words . 
  fuck off back , 
  this is literally the best christmas card i 've seen this year . 
  well played , sir , 
  najbolji line ever . 
  maestralno . 
  louie is 28 . 
  but it was him that was shot . 
  according to his management he 's alive and talking . 
  almost started to sob like a little bitch when i read the title . 
  louie , stay strong < 3, 
  came here to ask the same . 
  i love them both ( but i 'm not very active on this sub so never stated my opinion ) . 
  especially losing touch . 
  actually , when i think about it there 's is n't a single killers song that i dislike . 
  that 's how biased i am when it comes to them . 
  dwight schrute too . 
  there 's nothing to be ashamed of . 
  steve is awesome and ages very well . 
  hold my liquor . 
  he 's adorable in this clip . 
  this album is absolutely adorable , and way more attractive than a bunch of nudes . 
  asked the same question here a week ago , mods told me it 's already been answered . 
  well , thanks for the clarification anyway . 
  from the european point of view ,, 
  her opinion on german food was a bigger red flag than the investments and 5 languages . 
  touche you guys for exposing her as a catfish , she 's probably some lonely pathological liar , because there is no sane girl ( rich or poor , actress or not ) that would send these kind of essays on effin tinder , demanding a serious relationship on top of it . 
  50cent 's , jayz has nothing to do with this . 
  lawyers . 
  hottest men since the roman republic . 
  finally !, 
  this is so effin perfect . 
  the person who would actually propose to me this way would get a ` hell yeah ' . 
  but here in europe it 's the same thing . 
  i 'm sick and tired of explaining to people around me that there 's much much more to kanye than the tabloids serve them . 
  croatia , europe . 
  i was wondering where do i know penner from , and my best shot was from a tv show . 
  thank you kind stranger for clearing that up for me , 
  tyson . 
  he swept me off my feet with his sense of humor and that cute smile does n't hurt either . 
  if tyson was n't married , i 'd totally marry him . 
  : schoolgirl mode on :, 
  malcom and boston rob are hot too , but not marriage material like tyson . 
  girl crush : ciera . 
  gamgam is a rebel . 
  still ca n't get enough of that song , i could listen it 24/7 . 
  kind of a hold my liquor freak over here . 
  i literally could not mess with a ye hater . 
  does n't have to be a die-hard stan like myself , but we would get there with my brainwashing on the matter . 
  you 're probably referring to american girls . 
  us european girls are mostly ok with the term , guess we 're not so pc in general or triggered by everything . 
  i was never a hater but as a common observer unawared of his work and served shit from the media i disliked his persona . 
  than mbdtf happened and i was in love with ye 's art forever . 
  the more of his work i listened the media persona grew on me . 
  they keep hatin , we keep rollin , 
  when it comes to this sub , i 'm following it for a long time , just have n't participated much.these days i do a bit more because there 's so much ye hate on the web in every damn comment section everywhere that this place became a safe haven . 
  that 's true . 
  sweden overdid it . 
  eastern europe . 
  we really take no offence from the term bitch in music or pop culture in general . 
  he 's embracing his trashines and is at peace with himself . 
  sending some luv to you from croatia . 
  just watched the 1 . episode and #teambrains all the way, 
  ( tho i like the old fbi dude currently on the bottom , and the rest of you seem not to ) . 
  people never forgive success .
