i was fortunate enough to see them live in vienna , on their last tour before the break up . 
  one of the best and most emotional performances i 've ever seen . 
  the brothers may be douchey , but the music is great . 
  hot and likes the killers . 
  : impressed :, 
  amazing work , would buy it !, 
  since i 'm a huge fan i look forward , but want a new killers album much more . 
  guess i 'm the only one here who likes battleborn as much as hot fuss , it 's different , but equaly good in my opinion . 
  they just grow . 
  glad i 'm not the only nevermo who is crazy into this whole culture , mo & ex-mo ( ofcourse , you ex-mo 's are better cause you 're sane now  ) . 
  we should call ourselves ` the ( ex ) mormon stalkers ' . 
  not creepy . 
  at all . 
  kill us all 'cause we fucked everything up . 
  use somebody & closer by kings of leon . 
  well , if the relationship is serious you can never go wrong with a perfume , a nice scarf , leather gloves , cool earrings ( they do n't have to be pricey , but not completely cheap ) , or a gift card from sephora ( we never have enough make up ) . 
  if the relationship is new or you 're on a budget make something pesonal , like a photo of you two from a memorable date or trip . 
  if your girl fits in some specific category ( like hipster ( lol ) , star wars fan , any tv show or movie franchise nerd , a band fan ) use that in your advantage and buy some nice memorabilia . 
  also , watch for the hints , when we want something specific we usually ` drop it ' at some point . 
  hope i helped a bit . 
  definitly not a miracle , 
  well , nyc is a whole different story . 
   in most european countries , if you 're in trouble , you seek the appropriate assistance from the appropriate government agency and they help you out . 
  this is a very good answer , thank you , never thought of it that way . 
  i agree , tho he 's crazy, 
  a heartagram tattoo is very trashy , and this is coming from an ex-him fan . 
  even in my wildest years of ville admiration i would never ever ever put heartagram on my body , forever . 
  this is horrific . 
  ( and on the lighter note why is your username homemade booze in my native language ? ), 
  i searched him , and thank you , 
  the song is so sweet , and brandon seems to be getting younger ( he 's benjamin buttoning like a pro ) . 
  i 'm a huge fan of most of their movies , but even if i was n't i 'd give them credit for going out of their way to promote the movies . 
  pr done right . 
  i tought i was the only one bothered by it , guess there 's two of us after all . 
  my beautiful homeland < 3, 
  edit : i dubrovnik , imamo bajkoviti king 's landing . 
  the song kind of touched me , nice work . 
  dobra ideja za zivotopise . 
  she got married , had a baby and so on , but i would n't call her a ' 3 hit wonder ' , she made some decent music . 
  sad ce rogen & franco snimit film o cestitki kolindi , ne bi li ih opet ` hakirali ' . 
  another nigerian prince who wants to give us money ? 
  sad sam provjerila , indeed me za ` sam u mraku ' zavela mra\u010dna mo\u0107 medija . 
  love them to death , great musicians and even better men . 
  truly lived ( and some still living ) their music . 
  i personally love country first , and indie second . 
  it 's a weird combination , but it works great for me . 
  started with waylon , johnny , willie , loretta l. and from there on it just kept going . 
  i 've read the book , so i 'm pretty excited about the movie . 
  sadly , in my country it will not be in theaters , so i 'm hoping for a torrent . 
  croatian here , and noup , this will not help much , sadly . 
  people over here need jobs , not one time charity . 
  touche . 
  faith in humanity restored . 
  i can not unsee this :(, 
  i started with mbdtf and i 'm a girl , so , try it . 
  also , as said , start with runaway . 
  a very cute guy . 
  avast , win7 . 
  definitivno . 
  inteligenciju ne . 
  patrik . 
  nema mi to puno smisla , al nek se ljudi vesele . 
  divan prizor . 
  petokolonasica . 
  how i met your mother . 
  not funny at all , maybe if i was 13 i would love it . 
  because the whole cult of mormonism is just mind blowing . 
  i read this sub 'cause i admire people who have escaped and enjoy their stories . 
  it 's r rated , as a mormon he ca n't watch it . 
  well , lds people are n't supposed to watch it , we have a rebel over here  p.s. 
  not sure why are people downvoting my initial comment , i was just stateing a fact . 
  go over to r/lds or r/exmormon and you 'll see i 'm right . 
  part 2 ? 
  i clicked on few of these bots already , sent the messages , but it 's not working . 
  thank you very much , kind sir , 
  never ever commented on a sub like this ( the shy lurker ) , but oh my gawd !, 
  you sir , are a wet dream . 
  cash , willie , waylon and loretta . 
  uh , this is soooo hard . 
  but , if i had to choose it would be spaceman & dreams come true . 
  i love the song ( tho , i love everything flowers does so i 'm kind of bias ) , but what i love even more is the story that the song tells with the video and it 's backstory combined . 
  brandon really puts a lot of effort into the videos and they are always remarkable . 
  also , his acting in this one ( for example the part when he wakes up beneath that mountain ) is superb . 
  i wanted to , but came late to the party . 
  people can mock that quote , but if you understand it , it 's simple and very true . 
  damn , the only story on nosleep that made me cry . 
  by being a normal and pleasant person . 
  i 've had a few talks with american men about women from this part of the world and they are mostly very ignorant about us , confuse us with russia,mail-order brides and whatnot . 
  just do n't be that ` you 're a 3 . world country gal in need of a green card ' person . 
  we are mostly normal , as educated and informed as any average 21 . century girl , we travel , are mostly bilingual and will carry a convo with you just fine . 
  if you have any specific questions i will be glad to answer them . 
  also , do n't listen to the advice these guys provided :d, 
  i 'm glad to hear that , tourism is a big deal overe here , so i hope you had and will again have a nice time . 
  and my friends always look at me like i 'm crazy when i say he 's my vision of a perfect guy . 
  people on r/exmormon would enjoy this , 
  oh my gawd , so jelous !, 
  i live in europe so still have n't seen him live . 
  true dat . 
  the new album is very good , you two are gon na have a great time !, 
  spaceman,
