  all these things that i 've done, 
  bones, 
  smile like you mean it, 
  tranquilize, 
  sam 's town, 
  be still, 
  my list, 
  why are you even thinking about it ? 
  his solo work ( especially the desired effect ) is great , i 've listened to the album probably 50 times by now ( no shame , obssesive fan  ) and am not bored with it . 
  hey guys , guess i need eli5 . 
  i 'm aware of the situation yesterday and reasons behind it , but not sure why was i unsubscriberd from r/letsnotmeet and had to subscribe twice again ( hope it sticks this time ) . 
  now i 'm subscribed . 
  all is well , thank you . 
  thank you very much !, 
  lnm has become my favorite sub and you are doing a great job . 
  no , still no luck . 
  i think i 've listened ` the desired effect ' cca 100 times ( no kidding ) , so it 's safe to say it 's my big favorite moment of brandons solo stuff . 
  studying religions is my hobby and mormonism is one of the bigger subject in my research . 
  'cause of that , i hear a lot of mo references in his music . 
  not so much on hot fuss , but newer stuff a lot . 
  dreams come true , lonely town & the desired effect ( bonus track ) . 
  it 's different . 
  it 's great . 
  i love it as a whole , like it 's one big story . 
  but , i still want the new killers album and i 'm really afraid of them ` breaking up ' . 
  all their albums are great in their unique way , ` sam 's town ' is my favorite . 
  you had me at ` ivan milat ' ( i 'm croatian , so milat is infamous in his homeland too ) . 
  i would love to upvote this more than once . 
  you & the puppy are perfect . 
  our fried squid is one of the best ` drunk food ' ( with fries and tartar sauce ) . 
  grilled squid with some green vegetables like spinach combined with garlic , olive oil and potato on the otherhand is a perfect healty and delicious ` sober ' food . 
  also , stuffed squid . 
  the point is , if you visit croatia , ca n't miss on squid . 
  if you visit the krk island , konoba bracera is the perfect place for all seafood including these . 
  it 's from our sea ( adriatic squid is really special when it comes to taste ) . 
  as i said , caught in our waters . 
  you should be just fine  when it comes to crime rates , in comparison to usa , ours is non-existent . 
  i walk around zagreb ( the capital which has more ` crime ' than other places here ) in wee hours of the night alone ( 5ft 2 , 110.2 lbs girl ) , and nothing bad ever happens , the coast is even safer . 
  most people speak english , german not so much . 
  the only problem you could possibly encounter is high prices in coastal night clubs & bars . 
  he won reddit today . 
  island of krk , malinska , the beach is called ` rajska cesta ' . 
  it 's wonderful , secluded , but in the walking distance from the center , dog and gay friendly , nudists are rare , but not banned . 
  you have a bus from rijeka to malinska every hour or so , the price of the two-way ticket is 74kn . 
  edit : if you decide to try it , do not take the taxi , bus is way cheaper for that and very frequent as i said . 
  : shutupandtakemymoney :, 
  on the serious note , great work op !, 
  and the part about you & your future wife being victims and using it as a wedding decoration is awesome . 
  best of luck to you & share the final k. 
  kanye , chief keef , jayz , beyonce , zac brown band , oasis , the dixie chicks , imagine dragons , justin timberlake , jack white , willie nelson , johnny cash , the verve , frank sinatra , elvis , pink floyd , lilly allen , lady gaga . 
  i dig some other stuff too but except the killers these would be my main choices . 
  yup , glad to see you too fellow chief keef fans . 
  guess the killers and ck have some weird connection . 
  these women are so terrifying and a bad marketing for their own cause . 
  yeah bro , that 's called sexism , but that 's none of my business . 
  nek po\u010diva u miru . 
  fun times . 
  ` race ? 
  a ) caucasian, 
  b ) black, 
  prigodna floskula : ` if your religion is worth killing for please start with yourself . ', 
  creed is so underrated and he 's awesome , in and out of the show . 
  i live in croatia and there 's this one station that plays ` human ' every week or so , and ` ca n't deny my love ' ( solo , but still ) . 
  10/10 would swipe right . 
  creed logic - the best logic . 
  yes . 
  that username tho , 
  i wan na be american just for this . 
  would vote the fuck out of him . 
  i was watching the speech and thinking to myself ` michael scott would do this ' . 
  circle of life . 
  tifu by trusting baba with losos . 
  dunno , i like chief 's voice raw . 
  so much auto-tune . 
  but i can comment that i do n't like it much in this case , right ? 
  noup , nobody in my circle likes sosa . 
  they think i 'm out of my mind . 
  in fact , i 've never even met anyone who knew about him when i asked ( i live in croatia so yeah , i 'm maybe the only sosa fan here ) . 
  i was n't into hiphop at all , then kanye released yeezus that i liked and fell in love with ` hold my liquor ' and wanted to know who this chief keef guy was , so i googled . 
  and was hooked . 
  he will . 
  he acts all tough but he 's a good dad and seems to be a caring person ( except when it comes to ` bitches ' ) . 
  lucky us . 
  ca n't decide who 's cuter . 
  i probably came late to the party ( time zones , sleeping ) , but am so thrilled that you did this ama chop . 
  love all your work , you mister , are amazing . 
  can we expect some new work with chief keef ? 
  omg , this is perfect . 
  marriage material for sure . 
  omg , straight to the ovaries . 
  kanye , chief keef , king louie & lil durk . 
  this sub needs more of you . 
  insanely attractive and cute at the same time . 
  i just love this guy . 
  yup , your place is here with us , 
  from a girls perspective , this is bullshit . 
  i think ` my type ' would n't take this approach . 
  a bunch of dudes on the internet do , and they fail . 
  but you 're on a right track , in the begining ( the first contact ) it 's all about attraction , not some technique a guy uses . 
  maybe if he 's got a sweet manbun .
