  kanye is best at what he does . 
  even if they are unfamiliar with his art , ( which blatant haters mostly are ) , they know he means something . 
  it 's best just to ignore , make them feel even less important than they already are . 
  just checked the sub and i get it that it 's supposed to be funny and all , but man , these people should really get a fucking life . 
  ye did him a favour . 
  now we all know who this irrelevant ( or formerly relevant , 'cause pink floyd ) dude is and he should actually thank ye for this . 
  i 'm a stan , but damn , i 'd be so fuckin honored to be a subject of his rants . 
  sam 's town by the killers . 
  yup . 
  and nori is also so beautiful . 
  and her `` snapchap '' bit https://www.instagram.com/p/bczbliyuse-/?taken-by=noriwestsource fits well here . 
  ye makes superb children : ovaries explode :, 
  debbie suprised me in the best way possible . 
  at first , she gave me the female phillip s. vibe , but as the season goes further , i 'm rooting for her so hard for now . 
  i would go so far and make a bet that she 'll be the sole survivor . 
  trump was ugly af . 
  as he is today . 
  inside out . 
  true , but when someone is acting like trump ,, 
  he becomes even uglier as far as i 'm concerned  . 
  i 'm not voting , a european bystander , but your president has a major impact on the rest of us too , so i 'm very interested in the election . 
  too young to remember reagan . 
  i agree that you do n't have much of a choice this time . 
  trump is fun to watch , but to give him any kind of real power is mind blowing . 
  it 's not a protest vote , it 's a suicidal one in my opinion . 
  that 's not plus size ,, 
  it 's perfect size . 
  i do . 
  glad to see i 'm not alone in obama 's corner . 
  when it comes to nick i went full 180 . 
  from ` hating ' him , i 've become a huuuge fan . 
  nick as a survivor contestant and as a twitter persona , my gawd . 
  nick , i know you 're lurking overe here ( from your rhap blogs ) , give yourself a high five . 
  stickin ' to the plan since the olden times . 
  sandra , ozzy , monica , jon misch , carolyn , candaces husband . . 
  my personal cast from hell . 
  pretty happy about malcolm , tai , tony , mike , obama and debbie and surprised there 's no joey amazing . 
  he was hinting about coming back . 
  not the only one . 
  so happy for him if it 's true . 
  hola unblocker works for me . 
  hey fellow croatian stan  nice to know you exist . 
  and you 're not the only one ( no pun intended ) . 
  i 'm also from croatia . 
  the most unpopular opinion for sure ,, 
  but king louie - send it up & chief keef - hold my liquor . 
  the way the edit was going , i just knew it . 
  fischbach ` ruined me ' by the whole ` look for the edit ' thing , it changes the way you watch completely . 
  i also have no clue why i 'm being downvoted for my opinion . 
  i 'm not a regular here , but this community seems hostile . 
  i had no clue , since i browse the sub once a week and there 's just too much to catching up to do . 
  penner , varner , tony , malcom , jt , natalie and mike are my favourites here . 
  aubry , tai , debbie ( tho she said on rhap that she will not be playing again ) and peter who also said he 's not in the draft . 
  hope they 're lying . 
  catrice has a good baked one too . 
  tyson , 'cause i 'm a sucker for witty , cocky men . 
  malcom , for similar reasons . 
  mike holloway 'cause i also have a thing for a caveman type . 
  ozzy from micronesia . 
  and finally ( downvote me fam , you know you ca n't resist it ) , boston rob & joey amazing . 
  edit : forgot aras ( how could i ) , he 's special in a smokin ' way . 
  definitely should stop now , the thirst is real . 
  ` do n't check me boo ' . 
  i 'd buy a bunch of it . 
  the best !, 
  he also sold his condo in pg , utah . 
  his fb page is public , check it out . 
  he seems sober . 
  i really hope joe does n't get medevaced . 
  you guys are so certain it 'll happen ,, 
  and we all know what happens when you are 100 % sure something will happen in survivor . 
  crided like a baby seeing his medevac . 
  despite a lot of critisism he recived here and all over for his gameplay ,, 
  i loved joe and hope he 's in good health now . 
  such a tough and honorable guy . 
  i 'm so sad and dissapointed . 
  now i get why probst ` hates ' the season . 
  anybody but michele in the last four ( intentionally including cydney ) was a better winner in my book . 
  downvote me to oblivion right now , but i 'm so bitter atm . 
  you said this beautifully and i agree on every word . 
  i condone that ( also , i 'm pretty sure he liked parvati , but that 's beside the point right now ) . 
  as a female i love female winners ( males too lol ) , but not this female winner . 
  bracco or cyd were my no. 1 . 
  also , cyds ponderosa clearly showed what kind of a jury we had . 
  julia is a horrible child apparently . 
  she needs to grow up asap . 
  you forgot joseph . 
  i laughed too hard on the ghetto pass thing . 
  my eyes are bleeding from the bling . 
  i love this series . 
  amazing plot , very well written and all around great . 
  ca n't wait for the next part . 
  ca n't see fishbachs tweets . 
  he deleted his account apparently . 
  what did he had to say ? 
  i 'm happy with the cast too . 
  do n't get all this shade . 
  sure , some people on the list are meh, 
  , but quite a few of them are amazing and i ca n't wait to see them play again . 
  to je bilo creepy .
