  i meant that you did n't choose the other example i gave to disagree with . 
   can be easily revoked/canceled if lost or stolen . 
  what would you do to prohibit scams here ? 
  as in , you print a note , give it to someone as payment , revoke it . 
  switzerland has guns because they get them during mandatory military service and keep them afterwards to serve as a militia . 
  that creates an entirely different gun culture than what you propose . 
  well okay , if we still have printable banknotes , i would n't call that `` killing cash '' . 
  after all , if you wanted , you could still pay entirely in physical checks with qr codes on them . 
   you are talking about ingenious population vs migrant one . 
  different rules apply . 
  why ? 
  `` we lived here for some time , we 're allowed to behave like assholes '' ? 
   i am asking to whom right wing is a biggest threat in your opinion . 
  to eu as such ? 
  or to it 's citizens ? 
  to the very concept of democracy itself . 
   that 's a made up theory . 
  i am against uncontrolled immigration and i am not too fond of russia 's action either . 
  i assume you specifically chose russia as counterexample by chance . 
  i honestly do n't get the whole idea of have no cash anymore . 
  like , i get the basic idea , but it just seems so horribly dry and merely meant to improve efficiency . 
  no more grandparents giving their grandchildren a few euros without the parents knowing . 
  no more `` keep the change '' when helping an old lady buy a ticket at the train station . 
  no more finding money or hiding it . 
  tipping would probably still work , but it 's kinda lame . 
  it 's also so damn inconvenient . 
  imagine having to pay for every coffee at the bakery with by making a full transaction with card and typing in your secret number . 
  the whole `` protecting with guns against guns '' logic is fucked up . 
  at it 's very basis it tells us that we need more guns , leading to more people potentially using those guns in a massacre , which leads to more people needing guns , which leads to more ... and so on and so forth . 
  not to mention the more subtle implications . 
  the people who will get guns for `` defense '' are already likely to hold views making them more likely to go on a shooting spree - self-justice , `` defending against the oppressors '' and so on , guns are n't really all that useful as defense in a shooting spree because such a spree is always a surprise , and overall , having guns for `` defense '' will create a gun culture with everything associated with it : the whole `` defense '' mantra mentioned above , normalizing the solution of problems through violence , a state of constant fear , ... 
  it would be like a cold war arms race . 
  yes , this is a very threatening protest indeed . 
  i 'd still suggest that you adjust your idea about what is threatening because `` as long as they do n't start burning crosses it 's not a threat '' seems to lack nuance a bit . 
  [ one example . 
  ] ( http://www.mdr.de/nachrichten/verfassungsschutz-bericht-gewalt-links-rechts-extremismus100.html ) mind that `` ausl\u00e4nderkriminalit\u00e4t '' means violence commited by all foreigners , not just islamic extremists . 
   have you heard about muslims drowning christians on the way to italy ? 
  yes . 
  so what ? 
  some can be bad apples , so we should n't let in any ? 
  well , then , again , the native population has criminals as well . 
  do we expel the native population because everyone might be a criminal ? 
   danger to whom ? 
  what . 
  the . 
  are you trying to say here . 
  that nazism is n't a problem as long as they do n't have anyone to hate and violate ? 
  if you consider nazis to not be a threat to you , it 's most likely that you have some very questionable beliefs that make you sympathetic to them . 
   more and more people are starting to argue that it europe is to open . 
  yes , and those very people also like to argue that russia is a total bro and the gays are indoctrinating our kids . 
  i do n't give a flying fuck for the opinion of those people and neither should anyone genuinely interested in living in a better society . 
   many of them are not well of or have not the time or skills to organize protests far away . 
  why send them elsewhere to protest ? 
  ... i 've yet to see a town where the town hall or market place was `` far away '' . 
   rather , it 's to try to make the process of getting an abortion as emotionally-painful as possible ( pictures of fetuses , etc ) or and to try to ensure that a politician ca n't escape shouts of upset citizens no matter where they go . 
  ... you 're openly saying that it is meant to be emotionally hurtful or to force people to listen to you , and you still do n't see how that would be considered threatening ? 
  no , but this statistic is n't about `` things that are as bad as burning down refugee centers '' . 
  it 's about attacks on asylum seekers in general . 
  similarly , a statistic on neonazism will include every swastika scribbled onto the wall of a public toilet ( if it was reported ) . 
  i agree with you , it 's similar to protesting directly in front of abortion clinics or politicans homes . 
  it 's a clear threat , even if it is non-violent . 
  ( you might have responded to the wrong person though . ), 
   and those cultures are uncompatible with islam . 
  how so ? 
  gay marriage and other minority rights . 
  extending the legal definition of rape . 
  creating a registry of lobbyists , more transparency in general . 
  banning the export of weapons to non-democratic countries like saudi arabia ; more international restrictions against non-democratic countries in general . 
  pushing ngo programs supporting human rights , democracy and equality . 
  completely overhauling the reform plan for greece ; less austerity , more investment , fighting corruption . 
  higher tax for the rich , or rather less possibilities for them to avoid it . 
  higher minimum wage . 
  less exceptions for inheritance tax . 
  better welfare , eliminating the hartz iv program , maybe substituting it with a basic income . 
  centralized school system while reforming it in general . 
  subsidized school meals . 
  more public funding for culture , education , infrastructure ; investing into the economy to create new jobs . 
  reforming the police . 
  taking in more refugees , supporting the individual states in taking them in instead of leaving it entirely to them . 
  pushing for more solidarity in taking in refugees on the european level . 
  legalize weed , taxing it ; reform prostitution laws . 
  legalize assisted suicide if a medical professional attest a terminal , incurable illness . 
  headscarf ban for minors . 
  banning circumcision of minors . 
  harasher punishments for homeschoolers , parents withdrawing their children from mandatory sex education , etc. 
  that 's what i got from the top of my head , there would definitely be more . 
   what do you base that on ? 
  statistics . 
   i think it 's actually judeo-christian influence that made `` us '' an open , democratic society , not any other . 
  modern democracy is possible because of secularization and radically restricting the influence of religion on politics ; a process that is not yet finished . 
  the fact that individual christians or jews support that does n't mean that christianity or judaism espouse secularism by themselves , because , well , most obviously they do n't do and never did , as every history book may tell you . 
  an attack does n't have to be physical , it can be verbal . 
  `` gas the jews '' will similarly appear in statistics on anti-semitism , you would n't argue that just because no jew is actually gassed , it does n't constitute an attack . 
   many of the newcomers are n't fleeing anything , they are economic migrants why the hell is fleeing poverty `` not anything '' ? 
  most importantly , economic immigrants are already send away , meaning that the whole `` we 're only against economic migrants ! '', 
  is a bullshit excuse . 
   they will probably have passed through several ` safe ' countries before getting to where they are . 
  so what . 
  it 's obvious that people fleeing over the mediterranean sea will not land in the uk , or germany , or poland , or ... first . 
  the `` outer '' countries ca n't handle the mass of refugees by itself , especially considering that they are economically weaker than the north-western ones .
