  it 's very telling that we as a society still consider a total lack of concern better then a supposed abundance of concern . 
  germans generally have a rather conservative attitude towards money . 
  credit cards are rare , buying on credit itself is rare except for cars and houses . 
  people are more likely to rent then to have their own houses . 
  germans have for many years accepted a rather low wage level compared to gdp for the sake of job security . 
  basically , we really do n't like to pay money that is n't there . 
  okay . 
  let me correct it : do you think it will be considered reasonable in any country that is n't a total shithole in the future ? 
  ( not to mention that the `` russian women embrace their orthodox heritage '' thing smells an awful lot like you surfed to many websites for eastern european brides . ), 
  do you believe that `` indeed , women are meant to be birthing machines '' somehow has better chances for being considered reasonable in the future ? 
  you know , that may sound like a good idea initially , especially since it would likely hurt cdu too , but i do n't think it would work . 
  afd is n't your average party . 
  the situation right now feels surprisingly similar to how the media - both nationally and internationally - treated the ukrainian-russian conflict and the events preceeding it . 
  everyone is suddenly an expert , everyone discusses the greater political relations . 
  but we ignore the actual people at the base . 
  for afd , we 're now discussing the issue of protest voters and of demographics where afd did well and of their media strategy . 
  but we ignore some basic points . 
  people may vote for afd out of protest , but they can only do that because they have demands that only afd as an openly reactionary party wishes to fulfill . 
  we already have the harshest restrictions on asylum we ever had . 
  the first asylum crisis in the '90s , when the government gave in to xenophobic violence much less severe then now and pushed harsh new laws , was up until recently considered a stain on german history . 
  it is not longer discussed anymore . 
  some of the same people rallying back then are rallying now again . 
  the point is , the average afd-voter is n't the kind of person who is totally moderate otherwise and just wants to incidentally push stricter asylum rules . 
  they 're the kind of people who proclaim that they 're against all refugees , that nobody else deserves anything because they supposedly never got anything from the state , the kind of people sharing conspiracy theories on facebook all day . 
  their members are even worse . 
  their own survey revealed that 95 % of the members want to straight up remove the current law dictating asylum - which is n't even relevant for refugees of war . 
  they want the immigration department to be redefined into a form of `` security '' . 
  95 % insist on pushing traditional family values . 
  90 % want to abolish no-fault divorce . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.zeit.de/2016/12/alternative-fuer-deutschland-waehler-profil-afd-uwe-junge/komplettansicht ) just one article on the mindset of afd sympathizers . 
  and that 's what i mean : sure they consider themselves protest voters who have no other option . 
  because they do n't . 
  afd is the only party that would possibly push those kind of ideas . 
  merkel is n't dumb . 
  she knows that while a course further to the right might work in bavaria for the csu , it would be a deathblow for the cdu to even take one of those suggestions from the afd and push them in the rest of germany . 
  their positions would have been acceptable in the cdu 20 years ago , but they are n't now . 
  and it 's this kind of total irrationality , this kind of mentality of being pushed into the corner by the more progressive attitudes of our time that drives afd-voters . 
  the afd is already used to rationalizing it 's own failures and idiocies , and people are buying it . 
  i do n't think they would stop voting for them no matter how hard they fucked up . 
  because voting afd is n't about expecting actual change , it 's about feeling like there is still a place for them in a world that has moved past them . 
   is there any cultural liberal and economic liberal party in germany ? 
  technically the fdp , it 's the closest we have to libertarian , although with a certain german touch . 
  so it 's not entirely laissez faire capitalism . 
  point is though , since they naturally ally with cdu for the economic liberalism , they do n't really do much to liberalize the societal sphere . 
  i 'm actually rather familiar with the topic , and it is indeed a complicated issue . 
  i think directly applying it to kant or the founding fathers would be wrong since when we 're discussing kant or the founding fathers , we 're not discussing them as people themselves , but rather their ideas . 
  a good and easily understandable example of presentism besides the whig example in the wikipedia article would be , say , marx . 
  marx tried to explain neolithic societies with ideas he got from observing aspects of modern society , which is obviously faulty . 
  the problem starts with how exactly you define presentism here , because there are actually two phenomenons at play : the one would be trying to see contemporary values in some historical event - this is the whig history . 
  the other is trying to apply modern values to historical events in the sense of labeling them `` pointless '' or `` superstitious '' or flat out `` wrong '' based on our particular level of knowledge and understanding of the world , which ignores that in their particular temporal contexts , those things have had a specific purpose and background that made them believable . 
  ( examples of both could be seen with , say , religious cleaning rules , say , in the qu ` ran : both the interpretation `` omg , they knew about germs '' and `` this is just random bullshit , it would n't actually prevent anything '' would be biased ; the `` better '' conclusion is that the people drafting those rules had some rudimentary understanding of infection transmissions without understanding the deeper scientific processes ) i 'd say the issue of moral judgement is actually separate from that . 
  i personally think that there are timeless morals , and that we can apply those to history as well . 
  so nothing is morally `` okay '' in it 's particular time just because it is accepted or legal ( leading to legal positivism ) . 
  at the same time , we should n't fall into the trap of saying `` they should 've known better '' because , as said , that ignores that while not morally right , the belief might at least have been logical in that particular context . 
  but to get back to kant and the founding fathers , i even believe that those are an entirely different story altogether . 
  since , as i said initially , we 're not talking about them as historical persons most of the time , but about their ideas . 
  so for the kant example that started the discussion , that would mean we are n't actually discussing kants beliefs in the context of his time , we 're discussing the validity of say , his categorical imperative , in present times . 
  at which point it is a perfectly valid argument to make that kants alleged method to find `` objective '' truth still did n't stop him from rationalizing beliefs clearly influenced by the mores of his time - his views on race , women , the aristocracy - as correct . 
  so one can make the argument that the imperative does n't work for finding `` rational '' truth due to the non-rational nature of the one it asks to evaluate whether it would want the maxim by which it acts to become universal law . 
  ( very short and simplified argument , so / r/badphilosophy might tear me a new one for it ) or for the founding fathers , it would be a valid argument to say that they could not define the rules of times they never experienced , with circumstances entirely different to their own . 
   from a leaked draft which despite your claim was not released by the afd but a 3rd party ( correctiv ) the same criticism was already leveled on / r/worldnews . 
  yes , it is a draft . 
  so i 'll refer you to that answer : --  not only that , this is a concept paper , so anybody running around , fear mongering just calm the fuck down . 
  i call bs on anyone knowing their positions before the afd even released a completed paper on their own and certainly not from second hand sources . 
  do you somehow believe that they will overthrow the entire program in favor of something entirely different ? 
  you might also consider individual state programs , which basically say the same . 
  * in responsibility for our kids , the afd demands to put an end to the early sexualisation and other ideological manipulation in schools and even kindergartens , as the green-red action plan and education plan demand . 
  a state which abuses its education monopoly to interfere with the privacy and politically indoctrinate the kids entrusted to it , is on it 's way to a dictatorship of the mind . 
  [ ... ] nowhere is there any noteworthy discrimination of sexual minorities today - and that 's good . 
  the green-red fight against the allegedly omnipresent discrimination , lead under the flag of `` gender mainstreaming '' , has the destruction of the traditional family and the dissolution of sexual identity of man and woman as its real goal . 
  * this is not surprising , as the whole protest wave against `` early sexualisation '' has started in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg in the first place . 
  * through the education plan and the action plan the pseudo-scientific gender-ideology is supposed to be enforced . 
  this happens under the pretense of generally positive values such as tolerance , discrimination , diversity and equality , which are redefined into battle cries . 
  the afd wants to protect students and children in kindergarten in baden-w\u00fcrttemberg from this conscious deception . 
  the afd demands that families are portrayed positively and realistically in school books . 
  school books which relativize the family and glorify living constellations barely relevant to society ( lsbttiq ) must not be allowed to be used in schools . 
  sex education in school must not be conducted by lobby groups . 
  we oppose visual portrayals and descriptions of sexual practices as well as practical exercises for students of any age . 
  * the afd demands that teenagers and kids are also conveyed respect for their fellow human beings by the media instead of encouraging them to promiscuity and violence . 
  since children and teenagers have a right to a careless , natural development in all spheres of life they must be protected from the consumation of yout-threatening content . 
  through the media and the internet , sexuality is dragged from privacy into public life . 
  this eventually leads to its devaluation . 
  the afd fights for the safety of the children , marriage and family and preservation of womens dignity . 
  many children and teenagers consume pornography and depictions of violence . 
  some are even addicted to them . 
  the ensuing neglect hurts their self esteem and the consideration for the dignity of others . 
  * it also seems that some part of that national party manifesto are directly lifted from the ones of the individual states . 
  they might also use some kind of building blocks throughout all of them . 
  * climate as the 30-year average of weather naturally changes all the time , was never constant and can , just like weather , not be protected . 
  even if it was possible to prove that anthropogenous co2 has a negative effect on the climate , the minimal german contribution to the worldwide co2-avoidance through the `` energy turnaround '' would not justify the endangerment of our energy security , the damaging of our energy intensive industry and the cost explosion for the private customer . 
  * a sinister coalition consisting of the cartel of the old parties and the media attempt to manipulate the population to push their utopian ideas of a `` melting pot germany '' . 
  seeing over one million partly uncontrolled immigrants each year , they consider themselves close to their goal . 
  * * politicians of all parties in the bundestag , at their front the chancellor , pull out all the stops with mass psychology and mass suggestion to deceive the population . 
  they 're supported by a media scene that has been almost entirely forced into line . 
  miss merkel refuses an upper limit and justifies it with `` humanitarian responsibilities '' . 
  responsibilities towards her own people are unknown to her . 
  she thereby lures hundreds of millions of economic migrants towards germany . 
  if this stream is not stopped , it will be the end to german and european culture . 
  the future of our country and our children must not be left to such irresponsible political gamblers . 
  * you know , i had to look twice to be sure that this is part of their actual public program and not some white nationalist website .
