  ] ( https://pics.me.me/translated-by-memri-tv-a-fashion-we-have-adopted-the-21752319.png ), 
   you want to decide for poles , for czechs etc. 
  what 's best for them . 
  oh , i ca n't decide what 's best for poles , czechs or otherwise , because i 'm not a dictator . 
  i can state what i believe to be right though . 
   please go read good autors , deepen your knowledge . 
  and with good authors you mean authors that agree with you ? 
  have you ever read some criticism of `` the peoples right to self-determination '' ? 
  do you consider it valid ? 
   both socialist ideologies lays on the level that only few ` elites ' have a recipe that could make the whole word better . 
  wheeeeeeeew, 
   finally why it 's you who should decide what 's right or wrong for every country ? 
  why do you think that you know whats best ? 
   perhaps you should figure out that it 's best for every peoples to decide what 's best for them . 
  well the germans figured out what was supposedly best for them and started a genocide , go figure . 
   and poland is completely free to preserve their country is it though ? 
  you asked for common features to compare . 
  it does n't mean that every particular part by itself or even in combination will lead to the holocaust . 
  but `` we ca n't compare those political ideologies because the polish government has n't killed 6 millon people yet '' is somewhat stupid , would n't you agree . 
   do you really think that the cause of the murder of polish citizens by the germans was for example the social conservatives and not the desire to get rid of the hated races ? 
  that question is utterly stupid , since we 're implicitly asking why the nazis killed 6 million people . 
  `` because they wanted to '' is hardly an answer . 
  so why did they want to ? 
  because of an ideology that besides other elements i cited includes social conservatism . 
   and do you really think , that the cure for this is to mix races ? 
  i think that race mixing is n't bad and assume that anyone who suggests otherwise must have some very questionable and dangerous views . 
   jews were liberal and perfectly assimilated into european values . 
  they were , which is the exact reason they did n't fit into the particular values of that time . 
   germany is going back to the 1930s due to people like you wah wah wah this time the anti-fascists will be the fascists !!!, 
   polish people , whatever their history , are in their right to not accept people that likely wo n't integrate and well , so where the nazis . 
  it was just that the rest of the world somehow disagreed . 
  social conservatism , insistence on the security and preferability of homogenous societies , a great insistence on nationalism , tradition and `` the survivial of the [ ... ] people '' , anti-liberal rhetoric emphasizing `` elites '' and some sort of conspiracy , and the alleged `` weakness '' of a ( post - ) modernist , somehow degenerate society ; a desire for cultural hegemony , including art and history , their voter demographics ? 
   so a country that had its citizens mass murdered ` couse of their ethnicity ( jews , slavs , roma etc. ), 
  should accept illegal immigrants that do n't even wan na come here ? 
  uh , yes , why not ? 
  `` we suffered from racist murder , therefore we have a right to preserve racial homogenity '' would be somewhat strange logic . 
   and that country should do that becouse it had its citizens murdered ? 
  no , it should do so because it is the right thing to do for any country . 
  is it connected ? 
  probably , through means too complex to discuss here . 
  i certainly think that a country that has experienced one should be wise enough not to do the other . 
   and , by the way being anti-muslim does n't make anyone racist at all . 
  well , your post certainly does n't help confirming that point . 
   what a load of bullshit , there are some negligence cases and some abuse of power , but it happens everywhere . 
  yeah , no , not every country is like poland , in the same way that not every country is the us , or russia , or ... 
   it 's all very convenient in making the link between nazi holocaust , and pis/anti-immigrant stance of poland . 
  well how dare they . 
  something something over 70 years ago . 
  they did , and it does , but that still does n't mean we should n't do it now . 
  so again , what this boils down to is that we should indefinitely delay gay marriage because you do n't like it being pushed . 
   on an emotional level , patriotism simply fits . 
  it is letting oneself go and feel being part of a bigger crowd . 
  that is your opinion . 
  for others , patriotism feels forced , it does not come easy for them . 
  which is why i asked you , why should people be patriotic ? 
  why do you think that patriotism is somehow the natural state of things ? 
  the original poster said they do n't consider themselves a patriot . 
  you somehow felt the need to respond that being a patriot is okay though and now you 're arguing that people should totally be patriots without really giving any reason to . 
  why ? 
   i have no issue with germany allowing for gay marriage and yet here you are , arguing :  do n't push this topic for political gains in the pre-election phase and focus on the more important issues, 
   do n't push this topic for political gains in the pre-election phase and focus on the more important issues okay , so your suggestion is n't that we should n't get gay marriage right now , it 's just that we should n't get gay marriage right now . 
  so your suggested alternative , better approach would be ... ? 
   i 'd say because it at times feels good to be part of something . 
  there 's a thousand things to be part of that have less potential for harm than patriotism . 
  such as pizza-eating . 
   patriotism also includes pointing out things which are not good or could be improved . 
  so does critical thinking in general . 
  oh look , it 's not that you 're against it , it 's just that you 're very adamant about criticzing those who want it !, 
  totally different !, 
   but political victories seem more important than `` realpolitik '' . 
  ah yes , tell me more about how we should n't have gay marriage because of realpolitik . 
   with a fresh mandate and possibly a stronger majority for marriage equality , the mandate for change would be the strongest there has ever been and the conscience vote would be as clear and resounding as it can be . 
  it would actually be a weaker one according to polls . 
   so why would i even want to eat pizza . 
  because it tastes delicious ? 
  why , on the other hand , would i want to be a patriot ? 
   it 's ok to be a patriot . 
  possibly . 
  at the same time , the people who do those things are all patriots too , so why would you even want to be one ? 
   but if it happens in our countries , it gets priority because that is something we can easily subvert . 
  but it does n't even happen in our countries . 
  people either already arrive mutilated or are shipped elsewhere to do so . 
  and the way you propose to `` subvert '' it is to just close the doors to those people . 
  it wo n't protect a single girl from genital mutilation . 
  you 're not preventing anything , you just want to feel oh so morally superior . 
  that 's fucking pathetic . 
  of course it undesirable , but as i 've now said multiple times , it does n't stop just because it happens elsewhere . 
  why do you care so much about it not happening in a particular place , but not about it happening at all ? 
   but there are some cultures that do it and they happen to be foreign which means we have the option to just say no to someone who enjoys mutilating children trying to get in . 
  why would you though ? 
  i 'm not aware of any tax-funded `` mutilate your child today '' program . 
  again , caring not about the existence about fgm in general but just about it happening in the arbitrary place you call home is hypocritical at best and malicious at worst . 
  of course it should be illegal , that is the point , it 's a horrible practice . 
  but immigration has nothing to do with it , it wo n't stop a single girl from getting mutilated . 
  the only reason to bring up immigration in such a thread is having some anti-immigration stance in general , in which case it is still the wrong thread to state that opinion . 
  that sentence actually makes no sense . 
   besides , it 's only partially related to immigration , if people come from countries where it 's not practised why would they start doing it ? 
  ... and that is exactly my point ? 
  that therefore immigration policy is stupid to bring up in a discussion relating to fgm ? 
  but the implication there is that because it is the word of god , it must be good , even if people have personal doubts .
