   i think maybe the swiss culture ought to be considered when making swiss laws , nicht wahr ? 
  no , why . 
  are you a cultural relativist ? 
  you have no idea how state economies work , do you . 
  what do you think is so special about your culture that it would be remotely relevant to the discussion . 
  well , tell me in which context you consider those ideals to be free from abuse . 
  if you would argue that there is n't , because every idea can be abused , we can say that there is a risk . 
  for the risk to be justified , there needs to be a positive effect outweighing it . 
  so what positive effect of those ideals outweighs the dangers they pose ? 
  no , it 's going to come from being the 4th largest economy in the world that still has a surplus of 18 billion euro just from the first half of 2016 . 
   there is noting inherently wrong with discussions and advocation for ideals such as `` heritage '' , `` national identity '' and `` sovereignty '' . 
  there is , actually . 
  i would prefer not to see assault weapons in the hands of people who tend to go on diatribes about `` heritage '' , `` national identity '' and `` sovereignty '' . 
  bad experience with that , you know . 
  that article does n't even contain the words healthcare or budget . 
  the only thing the article talks about is cut benefits for refugees which , as you might notice , actually reduces the cost of accomodating them . 
   swiss gun rights proponents are now complaining this could disarm thousands of law-abiding citizens and that it would encroach on switzerland 's heritage and national identity that includes a well-armed citizenry . 
   `` when conflicts arise , switzerland must put its sovereignty first , '' said blocher , a businessman and vice president of the svp , which is the country 's biggest party . 
  `` in an emergency , switzerland should be ready to exit schengen . '', 
   except here we are n't talking about american gun collectors owning private arsenals , it 's ex-soldiers keeping their rifles after service . 
  i know . 
  and i trust most of those to handle them well . 
  i 'm talking about the people cited in the article . 
  yeah , i do n't know either , but i 'm sure it was a very well founded claim nonetheless . 
  like all the `` omg i heard germany is already down the drain '' comments are . 
  you know , the problem is n't guns . 
  it 's that the people who are so very adamant about having them sound like they should n't have them . 
   you 're ok with us letting in literally hundreds of thousands of young unaccompanied men i 'm also okay with letting millions of other men who were born here exist . 
   germany is already cutting their healthcare budget to deal with the migrant crisis . 
  source ? 
  remind me , which country just chose to leave the eu , despite every expert saying that it was the stupidest thing ever ? 
   the greek people are ultimately responsible for the predicament we found ourselves into . 
  greece is responsible for being at the outer end of the eu and therefore getting fucked over by dublin rules ? 
  and that is exactly what erdogan wants . 
  erdogan needs the instability , he needs the war . 
  as long as there is war , turkey can call itself some `` stability anchor '' in the region . 
  as long as there is war , there are refugees which erdogan can threaten to let into europe . 
  and as long as erdogan is needed , he feels safe against any sanctions from the eu . 
   i 'm not babbling you 're doing it right now . 
  erdogan goes into northern syria because it 's controlled by the kurds . 
  he participates in the whole campaign against isis because it gives him an excuse to bomb some kurds . 
  he wants to create that `` safe zone '' specifically in northern syria because it is controlled by kurds . 
  if anyone genuinely thinks that this will lead to the actual creation of an actually safe zone in northern syria , they 're naive . 
  ( btw , you did a triple post , might want to delete the other ones ), 
  you are aware that you basically devolved into babbling about how everybody always calls you racist and how the german people are somehow blinded by propaganda for no fucking reason at all , right ? 
   if you think introducing ( at least ) 1 million unvetted unskilled immigrants into your country is a good idea then good fucking luck lol . 
  actually , if you look at the frontpage of / r/de right now , you 'll find a very good documentary there which seems to imply exactly that . 
  they followed one small town and the refugees living there for a year and it 's well worth the watch if you speak german . 
   i doubt the numbers are that outrageous but the problem remains the same . 
  if the problem remains the same , no matter what the actual numbers are , your problem might not actually be with `` economic migrants '' . 
  touch\u00e9 . 
  i mean , do we even need to talk about the obvious here or can we all just nod silently in agreement ? 
   even if we accepted that every single of the refugees traveling by themselves were somehow `` worthless '' that statement would be utter bullshit , since germany has also taken 40.000 refugees through the same unhcr scheme . 
  huh , you 're right , actually , got that wrong , it 's all very murky . 
  guess we 'll have to rewrite some laws to make it clearer . 
  maybe . 
  maybe not . 
  not really relevant . 
  i guess you can be happy that the logo of apple is , well , an apple and not , say , a potato . 
  how would you possibly protest ? 
  you 're right , our asylum law only applies to personal persecution . 
  refugees of war are covered by the geneva convention . 
   and bringing in people direct the uk has done far more for those that need asylum than germany has . 
  even if we accepted that every single of the refugees traveling by themselves were somehow `` worthless '' that statement would be utter bullshit , since germany has also taken 40.000 refugees through the same unhcr scheme . 
  but that should n't even matter because sure , the poorest ca n't even afford getting into europe , but being `` relatively well off '' does n't protect you from bombs either . 
  and as well all know from countless stupid discussions on this sub , everyone who comes to germany must be an economic migrant because they passed other `` safe '' countries . 
  so all the syrians coming to germany are actually economic immigrants , but when the uk takes a few and ships them directly from syria , they are somehow not , and therefore infinitely better . 
  quite convenient , is n't it . 
  no , not necessarily stupid . 
  i 'd rather call it obtuse . 
  they have formed their opinion , so now everything they hear has to be pressed into that existing framework . 
   please consider that orban had exactly the same choices as fenyman : stop the migrants by force and face massive international backlash or let them go . 
  as dumb as it may sound , international backlash is ultimately not that bad . 
  the true danger is domestic backlash and we both know that orban would have lost less support for actually using violence against the refugees then merkel would have for simply endorsing it . 
   a 79 % increase on the previous year 's immigrant crime level . 
  more people means more crimes committed - big fucking surprise . 
  so seven years . 
  even more of a big nothing then . 
   what a silly question . 
  turkey can not do it on their own , that should be obvious to everyone . 
  they raised the suggestion to the west and to europe and we ignored them . 
  well , europe is clearly not eager to participate in any proposed silly redistribution scheme right now , so there should be a lot of good will and resources to put into that safe zone . 
  so i ask again , how is it coming along ? 
   explain to me why my children needed to be exposed to foreign cultural norms and become victims of crime . 
  nobody needs to be become a victim of crime but sadly , some always will . 
  20.000 people , across three years . 
  so basically , a big nothing . 
  letting in the refugees , refusing to close the borders and refusing to make up some upper limit . 
  ... across a period of ? 
  i disagree with her on most things , including refugee policy , but it 's admirable that she is standing by the one remotely good thing she did during her time as chancellor . 
  so how is that safe zone coming along ? 
  how many refugees has the uk already taken from those camps on-site ? 
  i guess every one they order will come with a free backup g36 . 
  because we 're just so generous . 
   this was not a meteor heading towards europe , a show of force would have stopped the migrants it would also have ensured her political downfall . 
  the guy is very obviously a pro-russian propagandist , but it 's a surprisingly balanced video . 
  we already knew that , there is no need to let it sink in . 
  speak for yourself . 
  no , i do not know whether you misunderstood my post , but what i just said was that i find it just as shallow to not read fiction at all because you feel oh so above it as i find it to only read a very shallow kind of fiction itself . 
  first , they came for the multinational corporations making tremendous profits through tax evasion , and we said nothing .
