   uh , you mean like muslims ? 
  i do n't see how muslims are making such a society impossible . 
  they do n't even have any reasonable political power . 
  on the other hand , you might notice that our current government is lead by conservatives and that 's it 's those very conservatives blockading progressive policies . 
  petty statistics do not interest me . 
  unless you can show me that every single muslim is by himself inherently and unchangeably incapable of integrating into a good society , those statistics are worthless . 
  we can pretend all day that defending a democratic society with the force available is the same as installing a despotic regime with force but come on , i hope you are n't genuinely naive enough to do that . 
  thanks for proving my point . 
  okay . 
  the native population has shown to have many nazis and national conservatives within it . 
  i think we thus have to suspect that the whole population is at risk of being anti-democratic . 
  i suggest deporting it . 
   that is a highly authoritarian stance towards positions you personally consider unacceptable . 
  it is indeed , yet i find it justified . 
  if things make the existence of a peaceful , tolerant and progressive society impossible , we need to get them out of the way with all force necessary . 
  ... no , because , as i said , you ca n't have those protest be moderate . 
  no one but extremists cries about `` islamization '' . 
  no one but conspiracy theorists theoritizes about germany `` still being occupied '' . 
  no one but fundamental pro-lifers organize `` marches for life '' . 
  all their respective protests are only organized by extremists and idiots because their respective causes are already extremistic and idiotic . 
  so are we allowed to every describe a nazi as what they are or do you find that too offensive ? 
  minority religion in the country , largely expats , often alledged to commit various outrageous crimes , not respect `` german values '' , people supporting them are called traitors , ... 
  i 'd say very similar . 
  race is a construct in itself . 
  it 's racist because people are constructing `` race '' of muslims in their minds when criticizing islam . 
  they are even using the rhetoric of more straightforward racism . 
  the fact that racism in the 21st century has increasingly moved away from a pseudo-genetic definition , and increasingly uses `` culture '' as a cover is widely accepted in academia . 
  look it up . 
   well yes , that 's correct . 
  not all immigrants from muslim countries are `` bad '' in the sense that they and they decedent will behave in socially dysfunctional ways ( crime , unemployment , extremism . ), 
  but even making this distinction would arguably put you on the `` right '' of the immigration debate . 
  i 've never seen any leftist movement alledge that refugees are angels and crime is a german invention . 
  ( unlike right wingers , who often seem to believe the opposite ) the problem is when this obvious observation is followed up by saying how we should treat all of the refugees because of how some of them may behave . 
   and furthermore , cultural and ethnic homogeneity is an integral part of social trust , social cohesion , and social identity . 
  then we need to dismantle that , because it 's simply unacceptable . 
   but even the afd ( who i personally disagree with ) are a far more credible entity . 
  the afd even considers itself the party to the movement ; largely because they fear that their voterbase would split if pegida formed their own movement . 
  they are `` credible '' in the same way that right-wing sites are credible . 
  just like those post already extremist yet somewhat self-restricted articles , and then let the true fearmongering and contempt happen in the comments , the afd as a party presents a barely credible face to a voter base far more vicious . 
   then show me any other way to fight against the bullshit that is happening here right now . 
  join a pro-refugee organization and make substantial proposals on how to handle the crisis . 
   like i said , its quite socially unacceptable to admit to the people around you that you are anti islam , yes , and it fucking should be . 
  there can be no moderate movement that is `` anti-islam '' . 
   most people do n't want to be labeled racist so they do n't turn up to these events , which means that only most extreme people who do n't care about the label turn up . 
  these events are organized by the most extreme people . 
  they have been from the very beginning , and they have only be visited by those people from the very beginning . 
  could have something to do with , you know , the whole cause being extremist . 
  and what do i have to wake up to ? 
  tell me that . 
  what is the alternative ? 
  are we supposed to give way to nationalists and conservatives simply for the sake of `` solving '' the problem by making it go away ? 
  that would mean letting the people get to power who oppose the very principles they pretend to defend . 
  we ca n't fight one reactionary ideology with another . 
  on the other hand , what would be the leftist solution ? 
  people keep saying that because they are `` leftist-liberal '' , they 're anti-islam . 
  but that would mean defending principles except for . 
  there 's religious freedom , except for islam . 
  there 's tolerance , except for the people we do n't like . 
  there 's a right to refuge , except when someone actually wants to take it . 
  there can be no response to the crisis that defends the values it aims to defend without at the same time making it clear that whoever has a right to asylum shall be granted it . 
  and well , if this might eventually end in the disastrous situation prophesied , then that 's how it is . 
  but doing otherwise would lead to a definite , to a clearly determined outcome that is far far worse . 
  if the options are the small chance of disaster and the certainty of living in a world envisioned by the average anti-refugee protester , i 'll go with disaster any day . 
  well for example , the horror stories about all the crimes allegedly commited by asylum seekers are exaggerated . 
  there does n't pass a week without some asshole on facebook telling a story about mass rapes or shoplifting , even alledging that shop owners have been prompted to look the other way up to a certain price . 
  all those stories eventually turn out to be bullshit . 
  same with all the stories of killing animals . 
  numberwise , the flow may not be finite , but there is n't endless potential for growth either . 
  when it comes to number , i do n't see the problem either . 
  i mean , i see that there is a problem . 
  i just do n't buy the assertion that it is unsolvable . 
  when there 's a hard problem , you work harder . 
  you do n't throw your hands up in the air `` oh i guess it 's just impossible !, 
  '' , especially when it comes to such an obviously malleable thing as education . 
  we 're not trying to subvert physical laws here . 
  and well , if people complain about your food , how about providing better food . 
  you yourself said we should aim for higher standards . 
  i know those studies , and what they essentially boil down to is that the potentially negative effects of vegetarian diets are far smaller then the negative effects of school meals , which are already insufficient by themselves , in general . 
  i 'd also be very cautious with anything that advocates taking in vitamin supplements because no one with an ever so slightly balanced diet `` needs '' supplements . 
  if you get to the point were vitamin insufficiencies have an actual impact , their effects will already by overshadowed by the other consequences of an unbalanced diet . 
  a diet does n't have to be perfect ; very few kids do have one even coming close to that and are still growing up healthy . 
  i find it to be a case of misaligned priorities to dismiss a vegetarian diet on basis of a few insgnificant vitamin deficiencies , while our existing diet , including school meals , has caused horrible rates of childhood obesity . 
   umm you mean it 's okay for state to support anti protesters by sponsoring them ? 
  as said , it 's somewhat questionable , but yes , i 'm able to overlook that as long as it 's for a good cause . 
  for the rest of your points , while you exaggerate , it 's obviously true that this is a crisis , and it will not be easy to handle - no one said it would . 
  i have thought that through and i see how this might appear downright impossible to some . 
  the point is though , we need to have a discussion on how to solve this crisis , and we ca n't have this discussion without first ousting useless and harmful opinions from it . 
  there can be no discussion with national conservatives and nazis . 
  and there can be no good solution to the refugee crisis with major parts of the population - major , not a majority luckily - sympathizing with those kind of people . 
  i mean , the use of the money is somewhat questionable , but eventually , it 's for a very good cause . 
  it 's like police letting you get away with a minor traffic violation . 
  sure , they technically should n't , but i sure wo n't get offended about it . 
   no one is forcing the `` others '' to eat the meat if it 's effectively the only option , of course we 're forcing them to either take it or be excluded from school meals . 
   ut i do agree that state should not take policies based on some groups 's religious dietary preferences . 
  then again , why do our dietary preferences of eating meat , and specifically pork , not count ? 
   i agree there can be healthy nutrition without pork but it is not economical . 
  i 'm not even a vegetarian and i can tell you that there is no major difference in price between vegetarian and non-vegetarian meals . 
  for the last time : how would we `` sacrifice '' the majority of meat eaters by only offering vegetarian meals ? 
  you want meat ? 
  you can bring meat , no problem , nobody stops you .
