  it 's not as simple as `` the east is full of nazis '' . 
  because the east is also full of leftists . 
  afd is strongest where there are major political divides , at the expense of the centrist parties like spd und cdu . 
  you see it similarly in the us - look at how wide the divide has gotten with say , trump and sanders . 
  the average income directly influences the price level though . 
  so the assumption that below 60 % of the median income , you will have a hard time paying basic living expenses really is n't that far fetched . 
   i imagine a lot of countries with ethnic and religious minorities find the idea of `` restrengthening national and religious identities '' too much of a powder keg to swallow nicely . 
  also , too many national histories have been on the loosing side of `` counter-revolutions '' for the term to be taken neutrally . 
  i actually do n't know whom i should dislike most there . 
  poland and hungary for their whole fascist revolution thing , probably . 
  but at least they 're honest about that . 
  so maybe the czech republic and slovakia for actually considering to join them , just for economic and political benefits ? 
  but on the other hand , they at least did n't went through with that . 
  `` bunch of twats '' might be a better name then visegrad group . 
   unofficially , the czech diplomats and politicians signalled that they do not agree with the political direction of the visegrad group decided by warsaw and budapest , and started looking for other , alternative alliances . 
  a few days ago at the annual meeting of czech ambassadors , a declaration was made , that more important than visegr\u00e1d is a close cooperation with germany and the development of the `` slavkov triangle '' , a newly created alliance of austria , czech republic and slovakia . 
  seriously , this is getting ridiculous . 
  we get a new `` alliance '' of countries bordering one another every few days . 
  wake me up when the holy alliance comes back . 
  the first sentence is literally :  germany does not lack the bare necessities . 
  food , shelter , winter clothing , medication and schooling are generally available . 
  even poor kids from bavaria or berlin enjoy more privilege than the vast majority of the world 's more than 2 billion children . 
  sorry , but i see no point in arguing about the title or the way they illustrate it . 
  i care about the actual content of the article . 
  or we do none of all that . 
   that 's inequality , not poverty . 
  and an aspect of inequality is relative poverty . 
  seriously people , those terms have been established in academia and even public discourse for years . 
  it 's fine if you just heard of it for the first time and disagree with it , but do n't go around claiming how it 's total bullshit . 
  the existing status quo is open ? 
  where ? 
  the description by / u/spitfjre is just one side of the story , and it may not even apply there . 
  basically , this is one of the issues where we still see a sharp divide between east and west - due to the easts communist history , both working mothers and single mothers in general are more common , while the single-income household is more of a western thing . 
  about two thirds of mothers in germany work , so the statement that not working is `` usual '' is flat out wrong . 
  also due to that communist history , the concept of all-day-school is more common in eastern germany and only slowly catching on in the west . 
  that does not mean there 's lessons all day , but the school day itself tends to be a bit longer and then there 's after school care where children can play , do their homework , etc. 
  meals at school ( as in , actual lunch , not just snacks to be bought ) is also omnipresent . 
  ca n't really imagine how it works in the west , since i went to school in the east . 
  yes , that is the main issue with all the people here crying `` it 's only relative poverty '' . 
  it 's still relevant because a country being richer in absolute terms also means a higher price level . 
  the fact that you may not be poor in absolute terms does not help you when you ca n't afford what `` poorer '' people elsewhere might afford at a lower price level . 
  valuing assimilation does not actually cause assimilation though - the sanctioning of non-assimilation does . 
  which is a form of closing society . 
  as much as i love to see the afd fail , the reporting on every falling sack of rice in germany is getting ridiculous . 
  this was local elections , as in , city level . 
  mecklenburg-vorpommern was at least state level . 
  basically , the whole topic of refugees was just way less of an issue there . 
  it was more about local politics . 
  but as others have said , it 's a also a fact that afd is having its biggest successes in the east . 
  the east as whole is a lot more politically divided , while the west is generally seen as much more `` b\u00fcrgerlich '' ( basically , somewhat conservative/centrist ) . 
   i am aware that habermas is n't a fan of cultural conceptions of the nation , but there 's nothing inherently wrong with them . 
  well , that 's up to discussion . 
  it is definitely an inherently right-wing idea , so that 's problematic . 
  i always love it when people try to see some secret agenda in the very absence of any statement . 
  one would assume that when accusing someone of cultural relativism , it would be quite easy to find such a statement by them . 
  but no , the fact that they never said such a thing is actually proof that they totally think it in secret !, 
  you might see why i consider `` a lot of people do '' to be a somewhat worthless statement . 
  i expected concrete examples how prevalent this phenomenon is . 
  habermas was and still is immensely critical of the term , specifically due to its abuse by conservatives to essentially sell old ideas under a new name . 
  so i do n't know what you 're referring to here . 
  habermas is associated with the idea of `` constitutional patriotism '' though ( meaning that we should gain a shared identity not from nationalism ; but the collective acceptance of the principles of the constitution ) , so maybe you mixed up those two things ? 
   shall the neoliberals burn books ? 
  i would have never expected that to become a favored buzzword of the far right . 
  i asked for cultural relativism , not immigration and protection from discrimination by religion . 
  did blair also create a parallel rule of law for muslims based on the sharia ? 
   leitkultur has no ethnic connotation , it 's a purely civic term coined by an arab-german sociologist . 
  it was , technically , but has been increasingly abused by nationalist movements talking about our alleged `` christian-occidental leitkultur '' and the man coining the term has been criticized for his tendencies towards conservatism as well , so take that with a grain of salt . 
  i do not doubt that , i just believe that if you have to call it `` some politicians in the green party '' , it 's not really the kind of major phenomenon that the original comment tried to make it . 
  what i find much more prevalent though , especially in common discourse with people who might not consider themselves overly political , is the whole `` when in rome , do as the romans do '' attitude , which is quite obviously the same bullshit cultural relativism , just way more accepted . 
   no , its ` uncontrolled immigration ' and acting as if some cultural values are just as good as all the others that devides a society and enpowers ` white power ' screamers . 
  remind me , who does that again ? 
   those on the right think yes . 
  they have reservations about more mass-immigration . 
  they do n't want the uk to be ` closed ' , they simply feel the doors have been open enough . 
      those on the left are less nuanced . 
  ` immigration is good ' is a belief held in the abstract without being subject to questions on the impact , necessity , or rates of immigration . 
  ... how does it come we repeatedly see comments upvoted that do so little to hide the fact that they basically boil down to `` one side has legitimate concerns and the others are idiots '' ? 
   and if it makes sense to use them in the common language it does not though . 
  neither v\u00f6lkisch ( which by the way is not merely burned due to it 's appearance in the title of the nazi newspaper ) nor endl\u00f6sung are words normally used in german now or even previously to their fascist usage . 
  they are constructed words . 
   yeah so what ? 
  women should n't be put in trash bags because some dudes might have a boner otherwise . 
  which is , again , why you force them to wear what you want them to wear . 
  because you value their freedom so much . 
   do you have a problem with that ? 
  it 's okay do what you want . 
  we do n't care . 
  that 's the thing with us french , we do n't give a fuck about you ` murican think . 
  you could at least have bothered to look at my flair for a moment . 
   which means you can not be openly racist , you can not openly be antisemite or put your wife in a bag or sell your daughter . 
  we will never accept that . 
  because it is agains ' t everything we belive in . 
  and because you value freedom so much , you have a giant fucking discussion what women are allowed to wear right now ? 
  that would probably be `` volkst\u00fcmlich '' . 
  i hope you do not actually expect me to respond to that . 
   it is telling that those seeking a homogenous state are described as having a `` closed '' vision , which is a negative word ( closed-minded etc ) in the context . 
  i can literally not think of another word for a homogenous society . 
  how would you possibly accomplish that without being `` closed '' in some way ? 
   the norwegian intelligence service publicly stated early that they had identified individuals in norway belonging to terrorist groups who entered using the migrant stream see , this is what i am talking about . 
  this is a fact : having identified actual members of terrorist groups .
