  but that does n't make the points made by the majority of the protesters , about the intransparency and power given to major corporations , any less valid . 
  with pegida and the like , on the other hand , the right-wingers did n't actually need to twist anything , they just attached to the points already there . 
  pegida has been babbling about `` islamization '' and `` saving the german people '' from the very beginning ; not to mention that the initial organizers have all been shown to have links to far-right parties and organizations . 
  so i do n't think there was any `` hijacking '' here . 
  because it 's specifically flags associated with far-right/neonazi movements . 
  i too am going to pick out a single word from your post , which is `` is '' . 
  so why do you support this terrorist organization ? 
  if the problem is `` idiots do n't get mainstream support '' , i 'm glad to be part of the problem . 
  it 's genuinely disgusting how common this kind of rhetoric has become on this sub . 
  people keep babbling about the need for the people to rise up , about the need for the native populace to defend itself , it actively cherishes the violent rhetoric of the anti-refugee movements , but instead of recognizing that this might have something to do with a rise in right-wing-violence their biggest concern is that it `` hurts their cause '' . 
   because any protesters will immediately be denounced as neonazis by the media . 
  no , they 're denounced as neonazis when they start shouting their slogans , carry their flags and invite people as speakers who are objectively and visibly neonazis . 
  which they eventually always do . 
  that 's the fucking problem . 
  if every single protest eventually devolves into that , then maybe the basic idea is flawed in the first place . 
   that party is a cess pool containing the worst of germany . 
  the cesspool is rather the afd and the npd who by now consist entirely of those people . 
  even i have to admit that the cdu has some decent people in it , at least on a communal level . 
  although i obviously ask myself , why the hell are they part of the cdu then . 
   the majority still supports the general direction that merkel is leading , with support from every democratic party save for die linke who favor an even looser policy . 
  not really , at least when we look beyond what she has done so far , and look at what she plans to do in the future . 
  it is true that - obviously - left wing parties defended that ; but now that she announces a harder course to appease the right wing of her party and especially cdu , she faces opposition again . 
  for example , the hotspot solution is heavily opposed , even by the spd - although i personally expect them to eventually bow to that , because the spd has lost its balls . 
   you could be against it because you think it will negativeley affect minimum wage and as a result weaken the middle class . 
  how is that conservative ? 
  because it adresses the wrong people . 
  the conservative , right-wing answer here is `` oh no the immigrants are taking our jobs keep them out yadda yadda '' . 
  the reasonable , left-wing respone is `` immigrants are n't lowering wages ; corporations and politicans exploit them to lower wages '' . 
  beng anti-refugee due to concerns about the minimum wage is like advocating gassing the jews to lower anti-semitic violence . 
  yes , i do n't see the problem here . 
  leftist politics ca n't consist of doing whatever someone who is working class wants . 
  because the whole `` if you do n't like it you can leave '' , in any form imaginable ( `` leave the country '' , `` make your own art '' , `` found your own nation '' , etc. ), 
  is the pinnacle of stagnation . 
  it declares the simple wish for things to change to be entitled . 
  it tells us that there is never any need to change anything , and that the people asking for change shall not be taken serious . 
  it kills any attempt at innovation , solely benefitting the people to lazy or incomptent to change by making them feel smug . 
   this is a fact , however , tell me how this is relevant to the discussion at hand ? 
  how did you think people would react to you taking this as a cornerstone of german culture ? 
   \u00d6l ins feuer gie\u00dfen is what this is called where i come from . 
  this is exactly the shit i 'm talking about . 
  you ca n't talk about german identity or culture without talking about the nazis . 
  people want to talk about their glorious nation yet when you remind them of the time when it was n't so fucking glorious , you 're a troublemaker . 
  there . 
  germany . 
  without . 
  if you 're offended by being reminded of that , you 're part of the problem . 
   prove it . 
  that 's academic consensus . 
   no it doesnt . 
  its the way you do it . 
  not what you do . 
  the way problems are approached is unique to germans . 
  you could argue the way merkel handled the migrant crisis is also a very german way of going about it . 
  well , with your words , prove it . 
  how about finally defining those totally unique cultural aspects instead of just insisting that they 're totally there . 
   who talked of inferior ? 
  as i said , if we define a culture by positive traits like effectiveness , then you need to have other cultures defined by their lack of those traits . 
  there can be no culture `` getting shit done '' without another that does n't . 
  that is the obvious implication of your statement . 
   because they are . 
  deal with it , there are cultures that reject the human rights . 
  no there are people who do so . 
  there are ideologies doing so . 
  ideologies mirrored across different societies and cultures . 
   because they are . 
  deal with it , there are cultures that reject the human rights . 
  humans rights arent a german only thing , but human rights are not a universal thing . 
  morality is never universal and to suggest that it is ultimatley an imperialist worldview . 
  okay so you 're a cultural relativist and a racist . 
  i never understood this mix . 
  i mean , yes , i do : some people desperately want to hate certain groups , and do everything to keep it that way . 
  but still , it 's a very pathetic thing to do , is n't it . 
  i do n't see what point you 're trying to make . 
  i said that there can be no non-conservative anti-refugee sentiment . 
  not that people with anti-refugee sentiment ca n't hold non-conservative views beside it . 
  that is indeed an interesting question and somewhat hard to answer . 
  one would need to look at the history and forms of left wing politics in general , where it quickly becomes apparent that even genuine radical leftism ca n't simply defend as more left or less conservative . 
  for example , the anti-german movement ( it 's an actual thing , but it 's different from the age-old strawman against left wingers in general ) considers itself radically leftist , and has some legitimacy to do so , yet is also entirely based on racism . 
  or for a more obvious example , stalinism obviously considered itself radically left - and again , had legitimacy in doing so - yet was obviously interwoven with anti-semitic , reactionary and totalitarian elements . 
  then you have post-marxist movements , like the frankfurt school , which moved away from classical marxism , workers dictatorship , abolishment of production , etc. 
  so if those all clashed , they surely would accuse one another of being authoritarian , conservative , neo-liberal or whatever , but when looking at it rationally , none of them would try to keep society as it is , they would try to change it in different ways . 
  of course , one could argue that one leftist party has reached all their goals and now opposes going further . 
  at that point , they would n't suddenly be `` conservative leftists '' though , but simply conservatives . 
  this , again , becomes obvious when we consider that poliical policies are n't inherently conservative or progressive . 
  for example , the german welfare state was not created in an attempt to make peoples life better , but to make them support the status quo and stay content instead of demanding more . 
  similarly , it 's a staple of conservative history to continously oppose a new development until it becomes socially unacceptable to do so . 
  see for example the reconcilation of conservative politics after abandoning the idea of keeping monarchies alive ; immediately jumping to `` oh we 're totally democrats , democracy is so awesome , we love our democracy '' . 
  yes , merkel is still very much liked , even by the people who should technically be expected to oppose her . 
  even i myself have to admit that despite all the bad things about her , she 's still the smallest evil ; at least if we do n't see a great shift in the political landscape . 
  though my point was that when we look at those statistics , we should keep in mind that you ca n't just lump together everyone who is against merkel as `` fed up with too many refugees '' , as people are doing here . 
   if they do not like the accomadations they are free to go home . 
  can we please finally get past using this incredibly stupid argument . 
  well to be fair , if we go by the temperatures mentioned in another comment , they 're even somewhat below the legal minimum that would have to be guaranteed by a landlord , at least in germany . 
  which , obviously , is to be expected with tents and people are doing the best they can and yadda yadda , i just think that it leads nowhere to argue `` how bad is it actually '' instead of just acknowledging that those are reasonable complaints and that we ca n't keep it like this forever . 
  no , because as i said , conservatism is n't determined relatively to other parties . 
  i know it 's confusing because we generally uses those words that way - party x is more conservative than party y , party x is further to the right than party y , etc. , but that 's not that good of an idea actually , because it establishes this whole idea that politics are merely a flowing spectrum where every idea is valuable and democratic . 
  i see , as i said , it 's somewhat similar in germany , which is really stupid when you think about it ; because even apart from the fact that it 's dangerous for the people to not get sufficient health care , on a more cynical level emergency services are more expensive than the basic health care that could prevent an emergency . 
  then call them insufficiently heated , i mean really , it 's stupid to discuss whether tents are a sufficient place to live in , especially during winter , because obviously they are not . 
   i guess those guys would show up as `` afd '' on studies no , they 'd show up as `` left '' because most of those studies asked `` who did you vote for in the last election '' . 
  for your general distrust of studies , well , what am i supposed to say except `` hardly surprising '' .
