  it 's disgusting that the political climate has moved so far to the right that we ca n't even recognize merkel as what she is , a conservative , anymore . 
  ... you are aware that you 're not automaticaly a progressive by not liking how things are going , right ? 
  the direction you want things to go matters . 
  indeed . 
  this the the typical problem of the right wing `` the media lies , the state lies , only we are telling the truth '' narrative . 
  well , why do we know about stuff like forged passports , shady deals to obscure crime in refugee homes , and so on and so forth . 
  because some authority discovered it and then media reported on it . 
  that we actually discover bad stuff should not be a reason for panic , but for relief . 
  it shows that the system works . 
  a system alledgingly discovering nothing suspicious would concern me much more . 
  a vote of no confidence can only happen in parliament , not from the german populace , since merkel is not elected directly by the people . 
  it also has to be constructive , meaning that the parliament has to propose a new candidate . 
  looking at the current setup of the bundestag , that would either mean that the right wing of the cdu would propose a candidate - which likely would n't be supported by the spd , and there is no other possible coalition partner for the cdu - or a leftist spd candidate supported by the greens and the left . 
  if we look at current predictions for the next election outcome , while afd would sadly get into parliament ( fdp might too ) there is nonetheless no possible coalition for them . 
  we 'd either see another grand coalition with spd and cdu , or possibly there could be a majority for a leftist coalition . 
   semite are a fake race by all account . 
  all races are fake . 
  that 's the fucking point . 
   but even so , criticizing the torah would n't be racist . 
  but you 're not just criticizing the quran , you 're denying the whole religions legitimacy . 
   so if i were to say that i do n't believe the earth to orbit around the sun , will you say that this is not a belief because it 's in the form of a negation ? 
  indeed , it is a lack of belief . 
  if you now propose what the earth orbits around instead , that is a belief . 
  in the same way , if you do n't just say `` i do n't believe mohammed to be a prophet '' , that is a lack of belief defining your atheism . 
  if you instead say `` i believe him to be a monster/a charlatan/an influential '' scholar or whatever you belief him to be , that may be affected by your atheism , but it is no longer part of it . 
   i 'm not criticizing people , i 'm criticizing doctrine . 
  they 're not at all the same . 
  indeed , and doctrine is malleable . 
  there is no monlithic `` islam '' . 
  as said , if you criticize islam as a whole , you 're criticizing every imagnable form of it . 
  you 're questioning the right to exist for every single one of those forms . 
   but you do n't evaluate a law , or determine what the law is , by looking at those who are supposed to follow it . 
  what you evaluate is the law itself , its text . 
  the problem with your argument is that to make , it , you have to accept the particular form of the religion itself . 
  to say that islam can only be defined by the literal interpretation of the quran , you 're effectively agreeing with the people who say exactly that , that only a form of islam following the literal interpretation of the quran is an acceptable form of islam . 
  which makes your defense of judeo-christian exceptionalism even more stupid , because you 're not even arguing that those are better because they have reformed , but that they have always been better , even in their literal intepretation , which is seriously stupid when you look at the actual literal interpretation . 
  to apply it to your example of law , imagine this : a despot makes a constitution ensuring his ultimate power and as a preamble , it is written that this shall be the law of the land till the end of time , and that it shall never be changed . 
  then , a revolution happens , head rolls , the despot is desposed , a new democratic constitution is drafted . 
  maybe it includes some reasonable paragraphs from the old constitution , like `` you shall not shit where you 're eating '' . 
  what you 're essentially doing is saying , no , the old constitution still applies , because it says it does . 
  the new government can not claim to rule the country because the old constitution says it ca n't . 
  if they 've taken some of the old paragraphs , like the one about combinations of fecal matter and localities meant for nutrition , you 're telling them that they ca n't do that without accepting all the other paragraphs as well because again , the old constitution says so . 
  you 're thus conclude that the country is still a despotic dictatorship , because , again , the old constitution says so ; and then tell the people that the only way to not be such a one anymore is to not have a state at all . 
  you then post a thread on / r/stateless `` this is what a genius looks like '' . 
  mind explaining your point , because i honestly do n't see it . 
  by law , no . 
  in general , it 's a hard question , because what does `` fear for life '' mean , and can it never apply to `` only '' a poor situation ? 
  we only ever interpret it as `` living in a warzone '' . 
  but you can fear for your life for many reasons . 
  you can fear starvation . 
  you can fear that you may become victim of a hate crime . 
  you can fear becoming the target of an oppressive and corrupt regime . 
  many of the people doing any of those are not legally recognized as refugees by the german authorities . 
  have you ever recognized how every movement , no matter how dumb it is , will call itself rational ? 
  i mean , really , if your only proof is `` i consider myself very smart '' , congrats to you . 
  but you should know that literally everyone before you has thought the same because no one , absolutely no one genuinely consideres themselves idiots . 
   i am afraid that germans will have to physically remove merkel from the office . 
  but if they will wait long enough it may even happen that some other eu citizens will do this instead of them . 
  you 're hoping for an armed insurrection by reactionary forces , or even a forced regime change through external forces . 
  please tell me more about how you consider your opinions totally moderate . 
   public opinion is like pendulum , it moves from one extreme to another . 
  so the current government is center right ... and the future revolution is supposed to come from the extreme right . 
  your theory is somewhat lacking , so to say . 
  the smaller cities are indeed affected more than the big cities , because the bigger ones have better financial options by themselves . 
  the point is , and contrary to popular opinion on / r/europe this has been said by [ insert any slur about being leftist , naive , overly idealistic , agenda pushing media , etc. ], 
  all the fucking time . 
  pro-refugee initiatives have been pointing this out and protesting against it for months . 
  merkel has let in the refugees , but then not taken any steps to ensure that they can be sufficiently processed . 
  she has done so because she 's constantly trying to balance between satisfying right wingers who only want to discuss how to keep refugees out , and appearing humanitarian . 
  the problem with merkel is n't that she 's too commited to helping refugees . 
  it 's actually the exact opposite , she 's not commited enough . 
  considering the circumstances and reasons laid out above , having a full third of the woman and children that people keep asking for is actually very balanced . 
  it means that a major share of people is so desperate that they risk having the whole family die rather then stay where they come from any longer . 
   i 'll never understand the liberals who spend all day screaming at the top of their lungs about white religious individuals and their anti-gay , anti abortion , anti womens rights stances but then turn to the hordes of muslims with open arms weeping tears of joy as if theyre not welcoming in something less civilized and far worse when were talking wholesale immigration from a culture entirely counter to western civilzation you ca n't fight one reactionary ideology with another . 
  does that make it understandable to you ? 
   let 's conflate ideological opposition to the doctrine of islam with racism . 
  never mind that there are muslims of all ethnicity . 
  well then anti-semitism evidently has nothing to do with racism either . 
   let 's say that i believe that muhammad was n't a prophet . 
  you 're gon na tell me this is n't a belief ? 
  indeed , it is n't . 
  it is a lack of belief , in the same way that darkness is n't a different form of light . 
  it 's the absence of light . 
   is that characterization limited to christians or does it extend to anybody ? 
  because if it 's the later you 've just called muhammad an asshole . 
  indeed , i did . 
  most historical preachers , including jesus , taught things that would today be unacceptable . 
   the point is that this is your own definition of being `` non moderate '' . 
  indeed - and i did n't bring this up - but by your own definition all religions which make claims to be right at the exclusion of others are `` non moderate '' . 
  indeed , again , they are . 
  but religions are not monolithic entities . 
  opposing a whole religion , or religion in general , would mean opposing every imaginable form of it . 
  i can very well be against the extreme forms of it , even just against the extreme aspects of one particular form , without denying the right of the whole religion itself in all its imaginable forms to exist . 
   the bible is not heralded by christians as being the literal , unchanged , uncreated , word of god . 
  tell that to biblical literalists . 
   jesus was also a bit more on the hyppie side , which is lucky for us . 
  yes , christian europe was always such a great place to live . 
  what did christians ever do wrong . 
  they were all such peace-loving hippies . 
  it is more balanced then i expected as well .
