  sommers is a conservative pundit who randomly decides to describe herself as a `` true '' feminist as to shit on everyone else who she does n't agree with . 
  i see no connection from her to the second wave . 
  i mean really , she can call herself whatever she wants , but when you spend your entire career shitting on other feminists , disputing that women are disadvantaged in any way and whining how bad men have it then there is legitimate criticism to be had about that identification . 
  i mean , people would call me an idiot if i said i was anti-immigration . 
  okay , logic 101 : `` there can be no good idea from a bad ideology '' =| = `` an idea is bad if it at any point was also had by a bad ideology '' the nazis smoking ban was bad , because it came from the nazis and their ideology . 
  it does n't mean there can never be a good smoking ban . 
   but that is precisely what i 'm talking about . 
  the fact that someone so angry and extreme can become popular is because we , to some extent , are out of balance . 
  trump is n't popular because he 's 100 % absolutely wrong about everything and his opinions have absolutely no correlation to reality . 
  he 's popular because he 's playing on peoples ' reactions about real things . 
  i 'd like to go from your response to / u/senseiswag , since it is similar to what you say here :  the fact that you ca n't even entertain the thought of where i 'm coming from , or why i 'm saying these things , when there is truly no malice towards anyone in any of my words , is exactly indicative of the problem i 'm trying to describe , a problem that a whole lot of people here except for you seem to recognize . 
  do you understand what i mean ? 
  the point is : i can entertain the though . 
  i can understand the concerns of people marching with pegida or voting for afd . 
  i can understand your concerns . 
  i can understand the concerns of trump voters . 
  hell , my own grandparents regularly bombard me with their anti-immigration opinions . 
  and i can understand them . 
  i just ca n't respect them . 
  i ca n't pretend that the wrong idea can ever be up for discussion even if the concern is legitimate . 
  i ca n't argue with people who `` feel '' like this or that when facts oppose them . 
  i ca n't pretend that it is somehow a good system of government to listen to people who are quite simply wrong , just because they 're a part of society that cries very loud . 
  something else that i want to bring up :  while i do frequently encounter/work with europeans , i do n't actually live in germany , so if you have some more accurate on the ground perspective than i do about it , i consider your input valuable . 
  you see , perspective is really hard when trying to bring rationality into it . 
  i mean , i 've never tried to hide my affiliations and beliefs . 
  i consider myself a authoritarian leftist and i have never given a flying fuck about national identity . 
  i see no point in making `` german '' party of my identity . 
  and so i ca n't tell you anything about the `` german '' mindset , what `` germans '' think . 
  i distantly know some people who might vote for the nazi party or the afd , go to pegida , share some really bad posts on facebook . 
  last year , i 've met my first two people who i definitely know to vote cdu . 
  as said , my grandparents have hopped onto that train . 
  but overall , i still mostly move in circles where everyone considers themselves left-leaning . 
  i live in a small eastern german town , one of those typical towns where many young people are stuck before going to university but also often come back afterwards . 
  we 're luckily one of the towns where the pro-refugee rallies are bigger than the anti-refugee ones . 
  i 'm going to university in one of those big towns , fairly left leaning due to that but also in general . 
  i 'm active in fairly artsy circles . 
  i can tell you about those people , and i can tell you about me . 
  i can tell you that i feel well informed by the media . 
  i can tell you that i feel threatened by reactionary movements , be it salafism or the western nationalist conservative response to it ; and that i find the latter to be the more immediate threat . 
  i can tell you that i 'm dissatisfied with merkels refugee policy , like many left leaning people are , for already zig-zagging on it , pushing draconic new restrictions on asylum while claiming that people are welcome , for repeating that `` we can do it '' while refusing to grant the necessary funds and manpower that would be necessary to do so . 
  i believe that many refugees and many germans need to be taught many things . 
  i believe that democracy can only work when people are taught to be benevolent , passionate and skeptical . 
  i can tell you that despite all those concerns , the people around me and i are doing quite well . 
  nobody is forcing us to convert to islam or killing infidels on the street . 
  sometime i have jehovas witnesses at my door , which is annoying . 
  but really , i ca n't tell you anything about `` the germans '' . 
  someone evidently votes for the afd , someone evidently marches with pegida . 
  very many people evidently do so . 
  i try to understand those people and their concerns , but i can only do so much . 
  i feel no connection to them , even as i feel like i 'm supposed to . 
  when i see those people on tv , their opinions seem foreign to me . 
  my own grandparents begin to feel like strangers , and that is not an experience i wanted to make . 
  they read the same media that i do but get something entirely different from it . 
  they watch the same politics i watch and see something completely different in it . 
  they get presented facts and refuse to accept them . 
  they talk about values i never cared for , i never could imagine anyone to care for , and at the same time do not care for values i consider self-evident . 
  i can understand them , but i can not respect them . 
  i do n't know , maybe i am fundamentally wrong . 
  it 's possible . 
  but you know , i always considered myself intelligent enough to at least recognize when i 'm wrong . 
  and i really have n't gotten the argument yet that convinced me that i am . 
  depends on who you ask , and introducing the anti-feminists of reddit to it makes the whole thing somewhat hilarious . 
  to put it into perspective , people commonly talk about three waves of feminism . 
  ( ignoring forms of proto-feminism such as during the french revolutions ) the first one were the suffragettes , who wanted the vote but where otherwise still very conservative , middle class ; and socialist feminists who also wanted the vote , but also workers rights . 
  both somewhat disappeared following the wars and after gaining the vote . 
  the second wave started in the 60s . 
  it started with issues like reproductive rights , domestic violence laws/marital rape ; but also lead to what we commonly associate with `` radical '' feminism today : political lesbianism , anti-porn and anti-prostitution , `` sex is rape '' ( which no one really said like that but there was admittedly a certain sex-negative extremism visible ) . 
  somewhat unfairly because , as said , it also lead to important changes like abortion rights and widespread coeducation . 
  the third wave started around the 90s and is commonly said to still be active . 
  it 's started as a backlash against the second wave which overemphasized the experience of middle class white women , and thus started to address issues of racism and lgbtq rights . 
  it 's where the concept of intersectionality became popular , meaning that people get specifically privileged and disprivileged through an overlap of their identities . 
  there was also a more sex-positive spin to it . 
  as i implied initially , anti-feminists will often confuse the third and second wave claiming and attribute all the more extreme theories and members from that one to the third wave . 
  while feminism in europe did n't evolve exactly like in the us , i still find it appropriate to consider schwarzer a second waver . 
  she also started out with issues like abortion , but in recent years is mostly known for arguing against pornography , prostitution and immigration . 
  like there is no right life in the wrong one , there can be no good idea from a bad ideology . 
  intentions matter . 
  i think you 're building one giant strawman here . 
   when 4 out of 10 questioned say that one ca n't say what one believes in this country anymore , then something in germany is wrong . 
  yes . 
  something is wrong . 
  people are dumb . 
  this is not a crisis of media or politics , it 's a crisis of ( media ) literacy and self-reflection . 
  there 's people interviewed on public tv telling you that they are not allowed to say certain stuff - while saying that stuff in front of those very cameras , broadcasting it to millions of germans . 
  every talkshow on tv has anti-immigration pundits . 
  there 's publishing houses living from that . 
  those books are bestsellers . 
  pegida is marching every monday . 
  even when neo-nazis march through the streets , police will ensure their safe passage and beat down counter protesters attempting to block them . 
  you can say all of that . 
  nobody stops you . 
  you will do quite well . 
  people will applaud you for fighting some imaginary political correctness . 
  goddamnit , our own own government criticizes merkels refugee policy . 
  csu is a literal right wing populist anti immigration party and they 're part of that fucking government . 
  and then there 's `` the lying media '' and leftist organizations who evidently ignore all the evils of immigrants , right ? 
  why do we know about crimes committed by refugees ? 
  because media reports it . 
  why do we know about sexual assault in refugee centers ? 
  because feminist organizations criticized it .
