  hitler was a nationalist . 
  he believed in the natural superiority of the germans , the aryans , over other `` races '' . 
  hitler did n't want to export german culture or ideas . 
  he wanted czechoslovakia specifically for restoring a romanticized version of the holy roman empire , and he wanted to expand eastwards in general for what he called `` lebensraum '' , literally room to live . 
  the nazis did n't believe that those `` inferior races '' could be civilized , they just wanted to rule them . 
  all kinds of nationalism have this as an inherent element : the idea of the nation itself . 
  the spirit of the nation , if you want . 
  that whole idea of the spirit of the nation is responsible for what we call cultural relativism , and it 's what you are doing right now . 
  the spirit of the czech republic is special !, 
  it simply ca n't accept people who are different !, 
  you ca n't criticize that , you ca n't demand it to change . 
  it 's the same argument we saw from the nazis , that we now see from the russians , that we see from political islam - which got its nationalist influence from pan-arabism . 
   which is why i 've never been afraid to call myself a nationalist ; i do n't understand why some people use it as a derogatory term , what is wrong with liking your nation , your culture , your identity and wanting to preserve the nation state ? 
  they 're all constructs . 
  your people ? 
  they do n't exist . 
  a nation is a bunch of people with no connecting factor who had the luck or lack of luck of being born inside one bunch of borders and not another . 
  shared history ? 
  you did n't participate in it . 
  shared culture ? 
  anyone could adapt it . 
  shared heritage ? 
  oh come the fuck on . 
  shared ideas ? 
  if those existed , we would n't have elections . 
  there is no common spirit of the nation . 
  there is no positive nationalism because nationalism explicitly sets up the us vs. them conflict that is basis of all bigotry . 
  if czech society thinks like this , czech society needs to change . 
  for anyone wondering `` are danes irrationally hysteric about islam ? 
  '' , [ remember the time when they discussed banning burquas and then a study discovered that a whole three women in the entire country regularly wear them . 
  ] ( http://universitypost.dk/article/only-three-women-denmark-wear-burqa ), 
  je suis ... the nazis ? 
  well , then tell me about all those places were nationalism went super well . 
  [ do n't forget the people paid by antifa e.v. !, 
  yeah , the worst thing about wwii was that we lost it . 
  i 'm sure you 'll be right this time round . 
  also , for anybody wondering `` is pegida truly that bad or are the radical leftists spreading their lies again ? 
  '' , lets look at the latest media attention our good friends from dresden got : [ pegida threatens schoolkids leaving theater ] ( http://www.radiodresden.de/nachrichten/lokalnachrichten/schultheater-kinder-bei-pegida-demo-bedroht-1166309/ ) ** abridged translation , notes in italics : **   monday evening , kids have been threatened and insulted by members of the pegida demonstration in front of the schauspielhaus * ( well known theater in dresden ) * [ ... ] the kids were insulted as `` lazy bunch '' , protesters shouted `` get back to school '' or `` shame on you '' . 
  furthermore , participants approached the kids , spat before them , threatened them with burning cigarettes and put on gloves as a threat . 
  some students then shouted `` nazis go away '' from the arcades of the schauspielhaus [ ... ] lutz bachman * ( organisator , known for liking to dress up as hitler ) * demented the accusations : `` i ca n't imagine such things happening from our side '' . 
  [ ... ] so for some background , the thing happened during the national school theater weeks with students from all across the country coming to dresden for them . 
  following the incident , an additional info and discussion event in cooperation with `` dresden for everyone '' , a local anti-racism initiative , was announced for today . 
  police and eye witnesses have confirmed the incidents . 
  no one was hurt and no charges were pressed . 
  the ministry of culture has released an open letter denouncing the attacks . 
  pegida , as said above , denies the allegations . 
   like i always say , a people without national pride are a lost people . 
  even though that national pride thing worked so well the last time round . 
  cdu is dropping by a miniscule amount , afd is rising by a minuscule amount , so are spd and the left . 
  truly , the revolution is upon us . 
  but remember , the people on / r/europe are all just perfectly normal users . 
  we 're in no way specifically overrun by a bunch of right wing extremists . 
  it 's sort of crazy that we live in times where `` pro-multiculturalism '' is still considered biased and not , well , basic human consensus . 
  i genuinely wonder whether there will ever be a point in history where we wo n't have some people saying `` i wish i was born a few hundred years later '' and others saying `` we 'll definitely be right this time !, 
  i 'm telling you !, 
  we were constantly wrong so far but i 'm telling you , this time changing things would go too far ! '', 
  hungary actually has one the highest rates of asylum applications relative to population . 
  so it 's not just a transit country . 
  many are passing through , yes , not really surprising considering the shitty conditions in hungary , but many also stay there . 
  hungary has complained about the amount of refugees staying , that 's why it was included in the proposal for relief in the first place . 
  why should they include a country if there were no refugees to redistribute there ? 
  this makes no fucking sense . 
  how the hell are they doing so . 
  the refugees still come in , hungary has simply voted against a deal that is taking refugees from hungary and distributing them to other countries . 
  yeah , numbers are rising but they have fluctuated before . 
  and polls do n't show a clear trend for afd either . 
  http://www.wahlrecht.de/umfragen/ really , considering that people try to paint it as if the entirety of europe is just about to go into rage mode , politics have been going stable as ever in germany . 
  why the hell is hungary voting against having the burden they have been moaning about for weeks eased ? 
  alright dude, 
  yeah , but none if it is valid criticism anymore . 
  essentially , the majority consensus in germany right now is `` we can take in the refugees , but the economic migrants from eastern europe clog up the system '' . 
  although that is questioned by more left leaning people for the obvious issue that broadly declaring those countries `` safe '' would ignore the discrimination of roma . 
  left leaning people also tend to argue for stopping deportation of people who have lived here for years already and effectively integrated into society ; or who are solely rejected due to the dublin iii rules and face poverty and homelessness in the countries they are send to . 
  the issue of some of the refugees having very conservative islamic views is criticized even by actual radical leftists . 
  so the whole `` you ca n't even voice valid criticism without being called a nazi '' is complete bullshit . 
  the this whole idea by certain groups that they 're the only ones revealing the truth and saying things that no one else dares to say is incredibly stupid when you think about it . 
  the same people complaining about `` the leftist media '' only know about things like riots in refugee homes in the first place because that supposedly biased media reports on it . 
  the politicians who supposedly ca n't say stuff without being labeled nazis get segments on talkshows to share their views with the whole viewing public . 
  i generally feel like that all the people complaining about `` you ca n't even say stuff without being labeled a bigot '' belong in one of two groups : one , people who have tremendous persecution complexes and fear some leftist strawman . 
  two , bigots who have lost any sense for what is considered bigotry . 
  the french policy of laicism , their special kind of secuarlism , is actually a major problem . 
  people commonly just see it as positive , because separation of church and state is obviously good , right ? 
  but that separation does not merely mean that religion ca n't interfere with the state , it also means that the state ca n't interfere with religion . 
  and opposed to other states secularism , french secularism effectively drives the practice of religion underground . 
  that makes religion largely uncontrollable , even more so with islam which has no centralized organizational structure in the first place . 
  also remember that at the same time , france is one of the few european countries that allows homeschooling - it 's actually the prime destination for homeschoolers from germany , where homeschooling is banned . 
  it 's old news . 
  those idiots have been marching for almost a year . 
  sometimes they get more people , sometimes less , but they are already way past their prime . 
  nobody is going there anymore who is n't explicitly and openly fascist . 
  well , mentally retarded might be a strong word , and very offensive to mentally ill people but yeah , those protesters really are n't the brightest bulbs in the chandelier . 
  for example , there 's a huge overlap with the so called reichsb\u00fcrger-movement ( that 's why you see all those flags that are n't the official german flag ) . 
  it 's kinda like the sovereign citizens movement in the us . 
  those people insist that germany is n't a sovereign state , but either a limited liability company , or still occupied by the allies , depending on who you ask . 
  they therefore think that the old borders of the german reich are still valid - although , again , there 's no unity on which borders : the one of imperial germany , of the weimar republic or even the third reich . 
  ever single scholar of state law and the supreme court has told them that this is completely insane bullshit , yet that has n't convinced them so far . 
  so , again , calling them dumb might not really be all that pretentious . 
  let me ask you a simple question : do you think every opinion is valuable ? 
   a large number of people showing up in a mass , breaking the laws and demanding benefits . 
   what else could you call it ?
