  you misunderstood . 
  you said you would support the idea , but not from a nationalist like hofer . 
  but the point is that the very idea to create some sort of alliances of nation states to push against european policy stems from nationalism . 
  someone who is n't a nationalist will not really see a reason to do that . 
  well okay , stand-your-ground is basically just shit in connection with all the surrounding gun-culture-bullshit, 
  bush is pro-life and abstinence-only , pro death penalty and supports stand-your-ground laws . 
  i 'm sorry , but those are not center right position . 
  it may be in the us , exactly because the whole spectrum is shifted so far towards the right . 
   a soldier of the islamic state stabbed two individuals in hamburg city on the 16th of this month . 
  he carried out the operation in response to calls to target the citizens of coalition countries . 
  even is openly admits here that they basically had no part in this beyond saying `` lets kill some people '' and some idiot thinking yes , let 's do this . 
  poland and hungary would like to make visegrad more relevant on the european stage , but the other countries basically told them to go fuck themselves with their silly culture war plans . 
  so i would say all those countries are far to divided to actually become a relevant bloc . 
  he 's gon na unite it , but only after uniting austria first . 
  but that 's not really how american politics work . 
  when it comes to republicans they are , at the very best , uniting certain elements of libertarianism with ultra conservatism and isolationist attitudes with interventionist ones . 
  but they 're not really touching the center right . 
  that 's part of the democrats spectrum , that 's what clinton represents perfectly right now . 
  so the democrats have to cover a far greater spectrum , from the center right to the far left . 
  and there is far less `` never republican '' attitude among that base then there is `` never democrat '' with the republican one . 
  ... but without being a nationalist , how would one even get the idea ? 
   suddenly you asked if italy is bringing slavery back , totalluy out of nowhere . 
  like it has anything to do with current discussion so i assumed that you compare italy to australia . 
  you asked whether italy should be ashamed for their history with the gladiators . 
  and it is true , that really has nothing to do with the original discussing , but when you bring it into it , i 'll obviously pick it up . 
  maybe assume less and think more . 
   australia is not trying to `` bring slavery back '' , there was n't even any official slavery in asutralia you uneducated twat !, 
  i asked whether italy is thinking of bringing slavery back , nobody said a word about australia . 
  one person cites the gamergate article as an example of wikipedias bias , you cite it as an example how wikipedia prevents itself from becoming biased by banning people pushing an agenda . 
  so what the case here , really ? 
   you 're a fascist . 
  anti-fascism is the real fascism , never heard that one before . 
  again , you cite actual examples instead of just beating round the bush . 
   you must hate italians for all those poor gladiators . 
  remind me , is italy thinking about bringing slavery back ? 
  they needed almost a hundred years to apologize and all they could come up with was `` sorry day '' . 
  for literally destroying whole generations . 
  and that is symptomatic for australian politics . 
  i see nothing we could learn from them . 
   gamergate hahaha i knew it i fuckin knew it , you 're just so easy to spot . 
   and the complains are only coming from one side since the other side seems to be pretty content with a situation . 
  yes , but that is just sort of how it works . 
  if wikipedia writes that vaccines do not cause autism because , well , they do not do , why should both sides of the issue complain ? 
  it would be nice to finally see a practical example of that alleged partisanship instead of only speaking about it in theoretical terms . 
  no you do n't understand . 
  it 's socialist media and the muslim voter base ( because somehow , those immigrants are all illegals but also eligible to vote , er , i meant , voter fraud ) . 
  we 're very careful not to bring the jews into it so it 's fine !, 
  i understand the intention , but i doubt that it gets to the core of the problem . 
  which is that if people already search for the wrong things and already have a certain opinion , the influence of the way of the search algorithm really is n't that big . 
  i mean , when i search `` vaccines autism '' right now , i at least get quite a few sites setting the record straight . 
  but people can be quite selective and will rather pick out the sites who confirm their suspicion that yes , vaccinations do cause autism . 
  and this is a fairly popular topic . 
  now imagine some minor conspiracy or story that was solely covered by certain sides with a common agenda . 
  if you search for that because you want to check whether it is true , you 'll only get those sites , again confirming your suspicions that it is true and `` the government/media/jews are trying to keep this down '' . 
  the only way to truly prevent that would be to kick out all the links claiming obvious bullshit and/or push all debunkings to the top . 
  which would mean a significantly more authoritarian approach that i certainly would n't want to endorse . 
   ah yes , `` hate speech '' , that favourite excuse of modern liberal politicians to suppress the discussion of topics they do n't like . 
  yes , important topics like `` should we just gas the jews again '' . 
   wikipedia which at this point are pretty much partisan instead of neutral i have yet to see any major complaints against wikipedia that were n't partisan by themselves . 
   again how are you different than stalin here ? 
  ah yes , it makes me into literal stalin to never want to see fascism to return . 
  you can try to be as pseudo-philosophical as you like , it does n't make the basic message any less dumb . 
  far more intelligent people then you and me have discussed this before . 
  i suggest starting with hannah arendt if you 're genuinely interested . 
   if a majority has a `` stupid '' notion that stupidity is going to stick around for a while in many areas with consequences shown over time . 
  indeed , and this particular brand of stupidity once almost destroyed europe and still has n't died . 
  that 's a problem . 
  so why fuel it by trying to re-legitimize it ? 
   but every individual has their own idea of what `` nation '' or `` nationalism '' is to them . 
  yes , some have some really stupid ideas and the others consider those ideas to be really stupid . 
  that 's the kind of spectrum we 're talking about here . 
  indeed , so why make it even harder for everyone by bringing nationalism into it . 
  if the best-case scenario for nationalism is `` it might not hurt ( much ) '' , why bother with it . 
  so do i. 
  so do i. 
   lets say japan nowadays yeah , see , you cite a nationalism for what you consider the best incarnation of `` nationalism done right '' , i see another proof that it simply ca n't be done right . 
  due to that very reason i do indeed not trust my fellow germans when they proclaim that `` this time , we 'll do nationalism right '' . 
   why does australia have to always show it how it is done . 
  yes australia , [ so much to learn from them ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_sorry_day ) . 
   needless to say , there were many things i disagreed with the brexit campaign about , but their point about `` human rights '' being driven to absurd levels in europe is a valid one . 
  how the hell did you get from the rest of the post to that . 
   i 'd suggest you take a look at his work before you embarrass yourself : i 'm aware that taleb has published some well received work . 
  does n't change the fact that something as ridiculous as this essay would not receive the same academic approval . 
  which is something taleb does all the time . 
  he publishes most of his essays by himself , without any peer review while pointing at his other works to claim credibility . 
   yet , it appears that almost all drinks are kosher . 
  why ? 
  because there is barely any way for drinks to be not kosher , you genius . 
  jewish dietary laws mostly care about milk and meat and not mixing them . 
  everything else is considered `` pareve '' , meaning neutral to mix . 
  i can literally not imagine a way how a lemonade might be non-kosher . 
  so it 's literally just the question of whether to label it as kosher or not . 
  manufacturers do that because it costs practically nothing and is opportune . 
  for similar reasons , we have foods labelled as vegan despite there being no regular way for them to be non-vegan ( such as pizza dough ) . 
  that example , like many in the article , is quite a dumb one to illustrate the supposedly underlying concept . 
  also , what :  purely monotheistic religious such as protestant christianity , salafi islam , or ** fundamentalist atheism ** accommodate literalist and mediocre minds that can not handle ambiguity . 
  i get why the author uses medium , no one would take him seriously in an academic context with stuff like that . 
  the whole article sounds like incoherent rambling . 
   the average person wo n't say that out loud during some random street interview for some tv program or whatever . 
  oh they will , believe me .
