  stability solely for the sake of it is worthless . 
  but this idea of stability at any price seems to currently dominate the whole political climate , with people rather avoiding potential problems then looking how they may be solved . 
   germany can never repay it 's debts , and not only that , history is repeating itself . 
  germany is letting in some refugees . 
  this is literally how hitler came to power !, 
  #neverforget no seriously , what the fuck are you talking about . 
  oh no , buzzwords as well !, 
  now that really showed me . 
  oh no , i made a comparison where the two things i compared were n't the exact same thing !, 
  now the whole argument falls apart !, 
  no reactionary has ever used that tactic before !, 
  * cough cough * `` race realists '' * cough cough *, 
  dudes , this is europe . 
  take your `` mah freeze peaches '' elsewhere . 
  we 're the living proof that you can limit free speech without descending into an authoritarian dictatorship . 
  and free speech solely for free speech 's sake is completely pointless . 
  just stop right there , because i wo n't have this incredibly stupid discussion another time . 
   we as a nation have one common trait - we are always unhappy . 
  the exact same stereotype exists about germans and yet look at our elections . 
  hitler was elected with the support of national conservatives . 
  many important figures in nazi germany originally were n't members of the nsdap , but national conservatives or member of the zentrum party , who were hardcore christian conservatives . 
  so people should stop pretending that this one far right movement has absolutely nothing to do with the other movement that is only slightly further to the right . 
   this is literally a blueprint for nationalist authoritarianism . 
  who would have expected that from a nationalist conservative party !, 
   pis is n't capable of doing anything gently . 
  if they decide to do propaganda it will be cringe inducing and so obvious it will have the opposite effect of what they 're hoping to do . 
  as someone else said , you 're overestimating your electorate . 
  look at conspiracy theories , look at the dozens of bullshit stories spread on facebook every day . 
  and facebook is theoretically used by a more tech-savy , more educated population . 
  with older people , more dependent on the more direct forms of media that pis targets , and more involved with mouth-to-mouth propaganda , the effect becomes even worse . 
  and poland as a whole already is a very conservative country , making the effect worse again . 
  the modern world can not tolerate bigots solely because they might get angry . 
  when people do not learn it by themselves , we need to force them . 
   i attempted to paint it as one where every step towards fascism was understandable or even justified , and usually caused by mainstream ostracism rather than their own exceptional stupidity or immorality . 
  so your argument is , if we do n't tolerate and give in to reactionaries , they 'll inevitably become worse , and we should n't judge them for it ? 
  on a very much related note : do you even have any fucking idea of the history of fascism ? 
  because it sure was n't caused by the `` pc police '' . 
  it is the ultimate hypocrisy of our age that the self-declared defenders of `` free speech '' and `` democracy '' will not recognize any of those when exerted by their imaginary `` politically correct '' opponents . 
  students are voicing their opposition in protests , how is this not democracy ? 
  how is this not free speech ? 
  people claim that students want to be coddled and not be confronted with opposing viewpoints , yet if they oppose those , then they have obviously been confronted with them , and they have evidently taken all arguments into account . 
  what those `` free speech advocates '' want is not free speech , but freedom from criticism . 
  free speech does n't mean that people are obligated to listen you or let your point stand without criticism . 
  disagreement is n't `` censorship '' !, 
  what this idea of free speech and `` democracy '' boils down to is putting a giant swastika on campus , having students protest it and say that they do n't want the giant swastika there , and then responding `` no , the swastika has to stay '' . 
  how is this democratic ? 
   using the autobahn every day  still considering the nazis bad guys rofl . 
  see , this is why democracy has to be more than `` the majority decides '' and why direct democracy only works on paper , at least right now . 
  minority rights are not to be decided by a referendum . 
   on the other hand , if an ideology has managed to sway 90 % of a population it must strike on some universal human appeal . 
  if you do n't get that appeal , either you are a psychological abberation ( unlikely ) or you simply do n't model the situation accurately enough . 
  sympathy often follows automatically from that . 
  therefore sympathy with an ideology correlates with understanding it . 
  are you seriously arguing that fascism might be kind of right simply because so many people were swayed by it ? 
  are you noticing that you 're thereby directly contradicting your own point , because if the `` truth '' of an ideology can not be determined by it 's opponents , then neither can it be determined by its adherents ? 
   et voil\u00e0 , a true fascist , born of nothing but social pressure , an accessible database of appropriate literature , and universal human failings . 
  you 're painting it as if this was an unavoidable chain of events , and not one where are many points the option to get out or simply deciding against getting into it in the first place was and is always present . 
   they may consider the risk of fascism acceptable to force mainstream parties to reconsider their policies , or they may consider fascism an acceptable price for anti-immigration . 
  that 's what i meant with the second part . 
  i do n't think anyone is genuinely dumb enough to consider fascism the `` smaller evil '' . 
  if people are n't somehow sympathizing with fascism anyway , they simply would n't vote for those parties . 
   as for sympathy for fascism , if you do n't have sympathy for an ideology which managed to captivate nations , that merely proves your own ignorance : all ideologies , good or bad , have had enemies who did not sympathise with them . 
   i have to love this attitude : secularism is one of the most fundamental values that we must protect at all costs ... how is a ban of public worship a fundamental aspect of secularism ? 
   it is very , very safe and free compared to the territories held by the islamic state . 
  it does n't matter whether it 's safe `` relative '' to those territories . 
  holding the worst imaginable place to live as the highest standard is ethical capitulation . 
   it 's not as if more than one in every ten `` refugees '' entering europe possibly having terrorist sympathies is a danger or something . 
  no , because , as i said , it 's comparable to percentages of extremists in the native population . 
  and we actually have better control over refugees and potential for moderation for refugees , sadly . 
   how many greeks do you think are needed to open a gate at night ? 
  but why would anyone even want a giant horse made of wood anyway ? 
  lets continue the literal interpretation of a metaphor because we 've run out of arguments !, 
  in other words no , 13 % of an incredibly tiny minority of the population of europe will not `` open the gates '' , neither literally nor metaphorically . 
  and as i said before : if they were able , they 're obviously superhuman , in which case there is no point in resisting . 
  do you think a tiny fence will keep away the magical super-muslims ? 
   where in the fn 's party program is there anything homophobic ? 
  start with abolishment of gay marriage , go on with common statements by fn politicians . 
   the underlying motivations are n't important yeah , when did motivations ever matter , right ? 
  killing people in self defense , killing people for not believing in your god , really , where is the difference . 
  underlying motivations are n't important . 
   it must be those swedish nazis who somehow totally love palestine . 
  palestinian flags are commonly carried by some far left groups . 
  the article literally mentions those . 
  so when the article literally mentions those people , while not mentioning muslims , then yes , i 'll guess that they were the real problem here . 
  those are n't single issues parties , that 's the fucking point . 
  people just treat them like they are , ignoring the entire rest of the program . 
  actually , no , i do n't even think that 's the case , because nobody who genuinely cared only about this single issue would be dumb enough to vote for a party bringing so many ideas they supposedly disagree with . 
  if you vote for fascists for a single issue only , then you have to have at least some sympathies for fascism as a whole . 
  and looking at those anti-immigration rallies , i see that validated . 
  i think philosophisches quartett still qualifies as `` obscure '' - and so does the whole field of cultural studies itself - since the average german will never have watched it . 
  compare that to tichy who most people will at least have heard of , even if they have no idea what he does . 
  yes , and that is a very , very bad decision that shows that people do not understand democracy . 
  that 's actually very interesting . 
  i would have argued that the titles should have stayed as they are , with some added information about racism and colonialism in art . 
  but if those are n't even the official titles , but merely such given by the museum itself , then there really is no reason not to change them . 
  not only tichy , who is confusing as hell here anyway . 
  he talks about paid russian trolls on his blog and courts ordering him to not report certain names and this is all somehow relevant for the supposed leftist bias of the media ? 
  the other guy in the article though , bolz , is a somewhat obscure anti-egalitarian who seems to have built his entire career on complaining about `` gutmenschen '' , arguing that women should n't work nor divorce and that being gay is a mental illness . 
  of course someone like that will complain about political correctness . 
  if media was n't at least somewhat biased against such views , then that would be concerning .
