  in the cases of `` assault rape '' , i.e. 
  rape aggravated by physical violence , a category that included 6 of the 152 cases and 5 of the 131 identified individuals , the 5 identified individuals were of african , middle eastern or asian origin . 
  in the cases of assault rape where the individual responsible was not identified and the police relied on the description provided by the victim , `` 8 of the perpetrators were african / dark-skinned appearance , 4 were western / light / nordic and 4 had an asian appearance '' . 
  the report also mentions `` when you break down the rape reports by type of rape and identified suspect/person seen 's country of origin , you come closer to a more nuanced picture of the relationship between rape and ethnicity . 
  [ 24 ] [ 25 ] source : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_to_norway#sexual_crimes, 
  see , america , that 's why only idiots like you . 
  okay . 
  remind us . 
  how is the german police too lenient ? 
  the only article i found on german officers killed on duty was from 2002 . 
  according to it , a total of 118 people were called in the 30 years before that . 
  the average in the us is 64 . 
  per year . 
  that 's about ten times the chance , when adjusted for population . 
  and we do n't even know how many of those killings could have been prevented by more liberal application of shooting people in the face . 
  edit : correction . 
  the article actually said that 80 % of attacks on police came `` completely surprising '' . 
  and source , if anyone wants it : http://www.rp-online.de/politik/studie-gewalt-gegen-polizisten-waechst-aid-1.474619, 
  the last pic : http://i.imgur.com/ribad1v.jpg it 's kind of embarassing looking through an album like this , showing a great diversity of romanian society , and then it ends on this pic and you think `` yes , this is the most romanian picture ever '' . 
   `` it 's rare that anyone speaks their opinion , because then they 're immediately labeled right-wing or a nazi , '' says lukas . 
  you , boy , are a fucking moron . 
  whoever brings up the `` you ca n't speak your opinion '' excuse : you . 
  are . 
  all . 
  you have spoken your opinion right there , to a reporter , of the media . 
  you have done so in front of your friends and i dare say they have n't labeled you a nazi . 
  you have probably spoken that opinion in front of lots of people and none of them have labeled you a nazi . 
  because ever single fucking idiot in your whole fucking village thinks exactly like you . 
  you 're not some brave prosecuted dissident standing up to the pc police . 
  nobody is stopping you from saying what you want to say . 
  you just need to cling to that idea because you know that the truth makes you look like an asshole . 
   with his hoodie , baggy jeans and skateboard , he certainly does n't look like a neo-nazi . 
  oh , he did n't even wear a swastika , he ca n't be racist !, 
   the refugees just bring problems to germany , says tobias , a 20-year-old waiting for a train at the station , his nerves on edge . 
  `` theft , burglary and other trouble - just look around , some people have begun to protect themselves with handguns . '', 
  one of his neighbors , tobias tells dw , is so panicked that he bought a shotgun . 
  ( seriously bavaria , get your shit together . ), 
  that seems to very much be the impression ; remember how many stories there are about people with middle eastern background being pulled out of their flights simply for wearing clothing with arabic writing on it . 
  you 're right , it was somewhat of a needless simplification with too much focus on the german states . 
  the actual history of bible translations saw both banned and tolerated translations and shifting attitudes towards them . 
  the new testament was , unlike the old testament , not originally written in hebrew , but in greek . 
  it was then adapted into byzantine greek , and translated into latin . 
  the main problem here was that due to the handwritten reproduction of those bibles in the middle ages , omissions and additions became more and more common over the years , and were sometimes even purposefully implemented ; leading to very different versions across different regions . 
  unauthorized translations of that latin version were discouraged at first , but not outright banned . 
  that only happened after the cathar and waldensian movements , considered heretical , emerged . 
  some translations were still tolerated though . 
  yet still i stand by the statement that biblical literalism only really became possible with luthers bible translation . 
  first , luther translated it from the original greek ( or at least the reconstruction of that ) , not the latin version used by the catholic church . 
  meaning that the whole idea of the `` original words '' was established here . 
  second , accessibility . 
  there was an earlier print of the new testament , but only in greek ; and earlier translations were still handwritten , meaning still only in the possession of the clergy . 
  yet biblical literalism is at least based on the idea that everyone can technically look stuff up in their own bible , even if what is `` literal '' is taught by some sort of authority . 
  meaning that even with rare vernacular translations or widespread publications in languages that only the church elite could read , the idea was still that only the clergy could interpret the bible . 
  yes , but it 's almost exclusively criticized for being too closely tied to corporations , economic liberals and lobbyists . 
  i ca n't find a single criticism about it having a leftist bias on social issues ; that 's what the friedrich ebert stiftung is commonly accused of , not bertelsmann . 
   40 % of highly religious sunnis ( 69 % of less religious muslims , 60 % of somewhat religious muslims ) which is crazy when you consider that the german average is barely 50 % . 
  it seems that people have a very skewed view of what the enlightenment was and how contemporary secularism came to be . 
  history is very much full of ups and downs , and sometimes seemingly contradictory for modern minds . 
  so for example , as / u/papist _ subversive has already said , the whole biblical literalism we consider typically fundamentalist is actually a very recent invention . 
  ( mind that it was martin luther who first translated the bible - meaning that before the protestant revolution there was no literalism because no one could read the fucking thing . 
  seriously , even some of the preachers could only technically speak latin , but did not understand what it actually meant . 
  interpretation was entirely up to the higher ups of the catholic church . ), 
  talking about the protestant revolution : that actually was n't the beginning of secularism . 
  protestant rulers simply branded catholics heretics and started oppressing them or deporting them . 
  the peace of westphalia that followed the 30 year war did n't establish religious freedom in the holy roman empire , it merely established local rulers right to choose the religion of their subjects . 
  it was entirely about the power of the rulers , not about religion . 
  talking about protestantism in general : the fundamentalist movements we associate with the us today ? 
  have been founded in the 19th century ; some even just in the last 50 years . 
  the end of the hippie era very much lead to a resurgence in religious devotion . 
  same , incidentally , applies for salafism . 
  it 's a product of the late 19th century too , gaining strength through anti-colonialist and pan-arabist sentiment . 
  oh , and back to the enlightenment and the whole `` the reformation made everything better and less fundamentalist '' shtick : do you know what event direct overlaps with the reformation and the enlightenment ? 
  the large scale witch trials of the early modern period . 
  yes , correct : the witch trials happened during the early modern period . 
  not the middle ages . 
  the early modern period . 
  the last prosecution took place in 1833 . 
   why not militant islamic salafism ? 
  it is , at least certain groups . 
  because you ca n't ban an entire ideology , you can only ban specific groups or specific forms of hate speech . 
  the feeding of information to jihadists was likely because he saw them as enemies of free speech and thus wanted to create another smoking gun for them . 
  ( his tactic in general was imitating what he thought to be those enemies of free speech , then pointing at his own fake accounts to proclaim `` see , that 's the proof they 're enemies of free speech '' ) have n't read anything about the medium article yet , could you link me to some article about it ? 
  because , again , cultural relativism is a shitty excuse . 
  if people are backwards , that does n't give them a right to be even more so . 
  seriously , just look at that wikipedia page . 
  white writing on black ground is literally what they chose to represent their series on islam . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_standard ) more on it . 
  it 's called the black standard and considered a basic , completely neutral symbol of islam . 
  the circle is the [ seal of muhammad ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seal_of_muhammad ) , also entirely inoffensive by itself yet exploited by by jihadists . 
  no , we should definitely deport the entire population of germany . 
  there might be nazis among it . 
  we just ca n't risk that . 
  the german salafist scene is very much dominated by converts . 
  the best known salafist here is [ this dude ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_vogel ) , and you seriously ca n't get any more white than that . 
  yes , the eastern part of europe is truly known as a bastion of progressivism . 
  one in three women in romania experiences physical intimate partner violence in her lifetime . 
  a mere fourth of poles supports gay marriage , two thirds oppose it ; only 8 % support adoption rights for gay couples . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:same_sex_marriage_map_europe_detailed.svg ) a general look at recognition of gay marriage in the eu . 
  you 're correct , it wo n't be easy and it 's obviously horrible that we even have to do this kind of `` experiment '' . 
  but what is the alternative ?
