  people want improved border control , over two thirds want a limit on the number of refugees , but way less support increased funds for supporting them . 
  almost half want to limit family reunification for legitimate survivors of war . 
  fascism is on the rise and we are n't doing anything about it . 
  yes , and guess how we can help them to rebuild their countries ? 
  by letting them get asylum here , giving them education , by teaching them all those great values we love to brag about . 
  you ca n't rebuild a country that is still getting bombed , whether in the metaphoric or literal sense . 
  and i honestly do n't care whether we 're responsible . 
  i think we are . 
  but it does n't matter . 
  if you see a drowning kid you do n't say `` well , technically it 's the parents responsibility , so ... '' . 
  it is , in a way . 
  this is the idea that drives all the panic in the first place . 
  yes , there is a danger that there are terror attacks in europe . 
  but why are there terror attacks ? 
  because those people are powerless . 
  you do n't need to bomb anyone to enforce the sharia in , say , saudi arabia . 
  pis is an elected party , ruling an european government . 
  they have major power in that position . 
  in that way , they are more dangerous to europe as a whole . 
  terrorism is a very brutal force , but also a very diffuse one . 
   if one afghani man gets welfare for 1 year in sweden or germany , that 's more money than needed to save 1000 lives in africa , which is more humane ? 
  it 's not . 
  stop with this stupid idea that we can get the exact same standard of care for an incredibly small fraction of the price . 
  not to mention that it 's hypocritical because no one is fucking doing it . 
  do you honestly believe any of the national populists who want to shut borders would give any flying fuck about the people as long as they 're dying on foreign soil ? 
  fuck this . 
  fuck all of this . 
  we had our chance . 
  every program is underfunded , every `` controlled intake '' directly from refugee camps close to warzones has ended up with ridiculously low numbers , there has been nothing but symbol politics . 
  because guess what : we simply do n't care as long as our doorstep remains clean . 
  we had our chance and we failed . 
  if we need to have any reason to take in refugees , then that they are a burden . 
  that they have to be that burden to remind people that they still exist , that they do n't deserve this bullshit , and that all the naive or maliciously deceptive idiots who tell that soon , every day now , as soon as we close the borders , we 'll totally get to helping those people . 
  we did n't . 
  we wo n't . 
  and we never will if something does n't change soon . 
  you know , we could start by simply letting in the people who are already fleeing instead of talking about this crazy idea that the whole world will suddenly start moving around if we do . 
  and then , if we want to stop the flow , how about actually doing so by helping the people in need , in their home countries . 
  the idea that we can just lock out the rest of the world is barbaric , and the idea that we can do so humanely is naive . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's the same logic , and it is n't even bad logic . 
  opinions on what the states `` responsibility '' is differ . 
  i for example , see no point in a state protecting `` it 's own people '' above all . 
  you and i both evidently do n't think it has to protect `` family values '' either , which is why you do n't see how it would in any way be comparable to your statement . 
  but as said , those are just different ideas about what a state should do and not do . 
  they are based on differing ideologies . 
  and the responsibility to protect family values , which is why not allowing gay marriage is just as well , right ? 
  of course you do n't have the right to do something illegal . 
  that 's the fucking definition of illegal . 
  but laws are n't necessarily just . 
  i find arguments that merely boil down to `` but it 's the law '' to be terribly shortsighted . 
  it 's pointless to argue about how things are , because there is nothing to argue . 
  the point is how things should be . 
  would you want to live in afghanistan ? 
   there is some shit going on right now , but some are trying to make pis look like a damn nsdap . 
  has any newspaper tried to claim that pis is going to kill six million jews ? 
  is all the other shit true and awful by any standard ? 
  indeed , as well . 
  so how exactly is there any overstatement here ? 
  seriously , i often feel like the only lesson that some people have learned from the nazis is `` if we are n't literally those guys , everything is fine '' . 
  i that way , the sheer atrocities of the nazis have made right wing extremism more acceptable , not less . 
  yes , with the current questionable standards for eligibility , yes indeed . 
  so these days , `` not wanting to be killed by armed insurgents '' counts as `` only wanting to improve your standard of living '' . 
  merkel had the chance to do the right thing , just one . 
  and at first it looked like she 'd do it , that she would finally do not what was right . 
  and yet , she has fucked it up again . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.dw.com/en/how-right-wing-groups-use-social-media-to-spread-false-information-about-refugees/a-18656233 ) an early article about it , you may also want to read [ this site ] ( http://www.mimikama.at/ ) that critically examines such stories on facebook and see for yourself whether you 'll find more fascist or anti-fascist fakes . 
  edit : and [ here 's ] ( http://www.vice.com/en_uk/read/kleinfeld-refugee-memes-debunking-846 ) an article with focus on british posts . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.snopes.com/tag/refugees/ ) snopes list of articles about refugees , although admittedly that is somewhat us-centric . 
  edit 2 : an here are some german articles about local rumors . 
  i get that there is a need to debunk every story that turns out to be false , but the fact remains that we see more bullshit stories about crime comitted by refugees then against them . 
  so we should keep that in mind before starting the `` oh noes the lying media it 's all fake '' already occuring in this thread . 
  it 's somewhat sad that the current labour leadership is considered too extreme . 
  i mean , i 'm not even talking about their overall policies , which might be quite shitty . 
  but look at this article and the `` scandals '' that corbyn was involved in that it lists . 
  it 's all `` uh no he 's not a patriot oh no he 's not bowing deeply enough and not kissing the queen 's hand '' . 
  and now it 's `` haha that dude owns a book now he 's a communist '' . 
  i think it 's germany . 
  i mean , i still despise lot of what is going on , but when i look at europe , i just do n't see the alternative . 
  it 's one of those case of `` the lesser evil '' . 
   this will get downvoted but that 's my opinion , you can be a nationalist without being a nazi . 
  you can , but you ca n't be nationalist without being a nationalist . 
  it 's bad enough in itself . 
  the people who are so very concerned about `` self preservation '' are the best argument against it most of the time . 
  the point is that laws need to work for every possible scenario to truly be considered good laws . 
  by establishing a general ban on burkas , politicians are trying to answer the very complicated question of `` can someone ever wear this piece of clothing completely disconnected from it 's historical context and thus , freely ? '', 
  with a simplistic `` no '' . 
  and that is not merely armchair philosophy . 
  by simply establishing laws saying `` no you ca n't '' we 're not integrating anyone , we 're excluding them in every sense of the word . 
  the only way to effectively fight structural oppression is to make people critically question it and even accept that even then , people might decide to stay in those structures . 
   i guess opposing communism is anti-russian racism then . 
  this sentence in itself is the biggest failure to make an argument that i have read all week . 
   and opposing conservative american culture is actually anti-southerner racism . 
  you might notice how this is exactly what white supremacists like to claim with their `` racism against whites '' . 
  and race does n't exist anyway . 
  when we talk about racism , we choose to accept the concept , and how it is used by racists . 
  jews are n't even a race when we accept that race exists ; yet we can easily label anti-semitism racism , because anti-semites will perceive jews as a race . 
  the same applies for any sort of `` i 'm not a racist , i 'm just opposing culture '' or in the case of islam , a religion still largely associated with `` people who are n't from here '' . 
  so either the law is racist , if it applies only to burkas , or it 's idiotic , if it applies to any sort of mask . 
  why exactly are people in this thread so proud of it again ?
