  in other circles , it has received approval for how it handled the refugee crisis . 
  and then there 's even another circle that criticizes germany for not doing enough in the refugee crisis . 
  there 's dozens and dozens of different circles criticizing or praising others for doing specific things . 
  my question is , why should we care about this particular circles opinion on this particular issue ? 
  oh please , is this kindergarten or what ? 
  `` why do you respond if you do n't care ? '', 
  you assume that somebody cares about your `` respect '' , so i ask why you think that . 
   no , it was just the end of the period where anybody had any respect for your country 's ability to be civilised . 
  why do you think anybody would care for the respect of some random dude on the internet ? 
  it 's amazing how people keep pretending that new years eve '15 was somehow the end of western civilization . 
   nearly half of uganda lives on one dollar a day , it 's one of the poorest countries on earth . 
  guinea is just about the world capital for female genital mutilation , about half the adult population is illiterate , and violent crime is an epidemic . 
  except for `` violent crime is an epidemic '' , none of those factors are relevant for a global peace index . 
  yes , exactly . 
  the `` all the attention only enables him '' argument does n't work any longer . 
   it 's amazing really that germany 's left wing , and all those who support it , are actually more successful at destroying germany than the allied forces put together . 
  last time i looked , this country did n't seem particularly broken . 
   they really should n't give trump so much media exposure . 
  trump is the president of the united states . 
  not just a candidate or a celebrity anymore , but probably the most powerful man in the world . 
  ... which was in response to a whole chain of comments that this crime here should be treated as a war crime . 
  fine , and how does this apply to this situation ? 
   they are understandable in germany due to its history , but they are still infringing on the principles of free speech and free society . 
  nobody should be in jail for what he thinks and says . 
  you keep insisting on that without any explanation . 
  i 'm all for absolute freedom of ideas . 
  i do not support absolute freedom of speech , i see no reason to . 
   never , ever give a government a power that would be destructive if they abused it because they always will . 
  a ) this essentially boils down to `` do n't have a government at all '' . 
  b ) the government that truly wants to be authoritarian wo n't care whether it is legitimized to do so . 
   and because giving the government the power to prevent any kind of speech in parliament gives the government the power to prevent all kinds of speech in parliament . 
  uh , no . 
  we have banned holocaust denial . 
  this has been used to ... prosecute people who deny the holocaust . 
  that 's it . 
   i can not think a single more important place than the parliament where freedom of ideas should be allowed , especially of unpopular and moronic ideas . 
  why ? 
  you keep talking about those `` benefits '' , and i do n't really know what you mean . 
  tax breaks for married couples ? 
  that 's a conservative policy that i personally think we could just abandon . 
  i 'm honestly fine with opening up marriage as far as possible . 
  ... the obvious being that the financial times are clearly communists ? 
   we do n't have a ban because infertility can sometimes be cured , can be hard to diagnose and it is simply not practical to enforce checks before issuing a marriage license . 
  ... uh , no , we do n't have that ban because we abandoned the definition of marriage as being purely for the purpose of procreation . 
  infertility was one of the few reasons for annulment of a marriage in older times , but we abandoned that along with that particular definition of what marriage is and entails . 
   but hey , i guess that shouting `` love is love '' all over the internet is easier than caring about actual equality . 
  what `` actual equality '' do you even mean , all you have said so far is how the lack of same sex marriage is n't unequal . 
  ... what will you take as a compliment ? 
   no speech should be blocked in parliament . 
  ... do you have any idea how parliament works ? 
  there 's a structure people have to adhere to , there 's limited speaking times , there 's clear rules . 
  if you break them , you get muted . 
  ... can we ever have a statistic about relative poverty without / r/europe proclaiming how that is a totally shitty measure of poverty , because clearly , everyone here must be a professor of economics ? 
   and they can not for a reason , that being that people of the same sex can not produce offspring . 
  but who cares ? 
  we do n't have a ban on infertile or sterilized couples marrying . 
  the definition of marriage you 're talking about simply does n't exist anymore , and there is no reason why the state should even enforce it . 
  you 're arguing that marriage is an arbitrary construct , while also saying that we should n't change your strict definition of what marriage is - why ? 
   and the benefits of marriage are not and can not be justified by being attracted to someone , the restriction in gender is not unequal in any way . 
  of course it is . 
  a man can marry a woman , a woman can not ; and the other way round . 
  how is that equal ? 
   my point is that the concept of marriage was observed by that state as a way to incentivize procreation . 
  ... how does it `` incentivize procreation '' to artificially limit the pool of potential mating partners through the concept of monogamous marriage , especially with the taboos put on pre-marital sex ? 
  marriage was a concept developed to limit , control and formalize procreation . 
  i mean , you 're technically correct . 
  there is neither a reason for preferential treatment for marriage when it comes to taxes , nor is there any real reason to ban polygamy . 
  but since you continue with the stupid old `` there 's already equality , heterosexuals ca n't marry people of the same gender either '' argument , i assume that you 're not arguing in good faith here . 
  you know what i really do n't understand ? 
  that people like you here constantly speak in those vague terms , `` our mechanisms '' , `` we need to crack a few bad eggs '' , `` ca n't subsist on homes an dreams '' , all this bullshit we have seen in this thread ; yet when we then assume that you mean the worst , you will inevitably act offended . 
  ca n't you just state in concrete terms what you want ? 
  what the fuck is that even supposed to mean ? 
  a war crime assumes that there is a war-like situation because a war crime is defined as the violation of the rules laid out for how such a conflict has to proceed . 
  `` commiting war crimes to your own citizens without any war '' is like cheating at blackjack during a game of poker . 
  and what is `` your own citizens '' supposed to mean ? 
  who is the subject here ? 
  the government ? 
  i do n't think it ordered those iraqi nationals - who are n't austrian citizens themselves - to gang-rape a woman . 
   its not fair to decide a country 's fate where you do n't even live or not planning to live it 's not fair in general that one part of the country gets to drag the other half into stupid shit through any sort of referendum or election . 
  and that 's a far greater problem than whether you should be allowed to vote while living abroad . 
  in other words , you think there is a war and those eight men are combatants in that war , or how should i take that answer ? 
   i did n't realize that banning entry to citizens of 7 countries for 3 months constituted a human rights violation . 
  it probably is n't , but it 's sort of pathetic . 
  would n't there need to be a war for there to be war crimes ? 
   if human rights abuses prevent incidents that are even worse than human rights abuses then it could be argued that it should be seen as the correct action to take . 
  it could be argued , but it 's a fucking horrible idea for fucking horrible societies . 
  you think so ? 
  we had this major surge in right wing populism back in the 90s , also due to refugees , during the wars in jugoslavia . 
  that was when parties like * die republikaner * became popular . 
  there were n't any mass deportations back then , yet those movements faded into obscurity eventually . 
  we 're starving from ... not getting enough highly nutritional human rights abuses ? 
  sorry , but i feel like this analogy is getting way out of hand . 
  yes , it was probably political opportunism . 
  which would reinforce my point that `` the pathological altruism '' was n't really any sort of moral value if politicians give it up for the thin hope of gains so easily . 
  you give voters far too much credit here . 
   and it is naive to assume that the wave of 2015 is the only one that will ever come . 
  a lot of what people assume is naive , and yet they vote accordingly nonetheless . 
  stuff like `` the wall will work '' . 
  yeah , but when the omelette here is `` human rights violations '' , should n't we start asking , why would you even want to make that omelette ? 
  evidently not , otherwise we would n't have stopped doing it .
