  i 'm totally liberal though !, 
  i want marijuana legalized and gay marriage ... actually , gay marriage is n't that important , just the weed i guess . 
  now let me complain about feminism and black ghetto culture . 
  you know , reading is more then picking up random words and combining them . 
  if you had bothered to actually look at his bio , you would notice that he is a professor for us history who has happened to write a book about hollywood . 
  and even without a specific focus on ww2 , i would trust a professor of history to know enough to talk about such a simple and well-discussed topic . 
  ( before you start complaining about `` liberal academia '' or some bullshit , he 's also a staunch catholic conservative/libertarian ) and well really , if you do n't find the argument convincing , i really ca n't help you . 
  i do find `` hitler ran on the premise of anti-bolshevism and did nothing that could even be remotely defined as socialism '' to be a stronger argument than `` look at the word !, 
  look at it !, 
  also it was a workers party !, 
  a blog post from some random conservative . 
  now that really showed me . 
  so if we really want to aim that low , [ here 's a blog post ] ( http://blogs.telegraph.co.uk/news/timstanley/100261121/hitler-wasnt-a-socialist-stop-saying-he-was/ ) in direct response to the one you linked , by an actual historian . 
  okay , seriously , this is getting ridiculous . 
  so lets take it very slowly : `` nazi '' is the abbreviation of `` national socialist '' ( in german ) . 
  so no , they 're not referring to `` the nazis '' as `` national socialists '' . 
  that 's simply how they called themselves , while they never called themselves `` the nazis '' . 
  the party was called the `` national socialist german workers party '' ( nsdap ) . 
  you will find no credible historian in germany or really anywhere who will tell you that they were socialists ; in the same way that the german democratic republic , the puppet state of the soviet union in eastern germany , was not an actual democracy , neither is the democratic people 's republic of korea , despite their names . 
  oh no , not the poor conservatives . 
  they really are one of the most oppressed groups in the world . 
  how am i defending islamic fundamentalism by criticizing western conservatism ? 
  `` actually , they were called national socialists '' oh wow . 
  what a novel argument . 
  never heard it before . 
  i feel utterly defeated . 
  dude . 
  just stop . 
  you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  the wording here by itself makes it look like you belief the abbreviation `` nazis '' to be the original name and `` national socialism '' a later addition . 
  yes dude , `` the nazis were socialists '' is one of the most popular and most ridiculous theory that right wingers ever made up . 
  read a history book . 
  you 're just repeating hypothetical `` could be '' 's . 
  but if the sole idea of anti-progressivism is that there could be such a hypothetical scenario where progress is bad , without saying whether that actually is the case right now , then it is not an argument against progressivism at that particular point in time . 
  the connection to limited economical growth is admittedly very interesting , but it presumes that every sort of progress is tied to economy . 
  for example , gay marriage does n't cost us anything . 
  now , we can obviously not predict what the important social questions will be in , say , a thousand years , but i doubt that they will all be of economical nature . 
  because there is no point in arguing with people who are so deeply stuck in some weird ass conspiracy theory that they just keep repeating the same words over and over without noticing that the rest of the world has no fucking idea what they 're on about . 
  oh you know spd . 
  they 'll eventually go along with every bullshit the cdu proposes in the hope that it somehow makes them popular again . 
  that survey makes no real sense . 
  the survey also includes polish-born , jewish and even explicitly `` white australian '' men . 
  all of those will pass as `` white '' to except but some really pedantic white supremacists . 
  so when they did this survey , did they actually tell people that `` white man '' is supposed to be separate from those other demographics and not an umbrella term ? 
  i feel like your view here is somewhat skewed , but oh well . 
  and i do n't think that ignoring people is the right option here , as it just gives them some sort of credibility . 
  my argument is that the world is far too shitty today to argue that `` maybe we should just stop here and not progress any further '' . 
  i might even question whether such a point will ever actually exist . 
  not necessarily an ex-party , but it definitely faces the risk that a sizable chunk of it 's members will leave for another party , and with them , voters as well . 
  yes , and i assume that this is because elsewhere , we already have national conservatives like orban or pis or front national gaining huge influence . 
  and because the very people who would vote for them do not see those as a far right party , but as totally moderate ; of course everybody to the left of them has to be a crazy leftist . 
  sure , and had she not joined vvd , nobody would have helped her at all . 
  that 's just how the netherlands are . 
  completely lawless . 
   last i checked , it was a conservative prime minister of britain that stopped the socialist third reich . 
  see , that 's why i wo n't argue with you . 
  it is , sort of , which is why the whole idea of `` illegal immigrants '' is so ridiculous . 
  the only way to actually apply for asylum in germany is to be on german soil , and that means having to cross borders you 're technically not allowed to cross . 
  her `` invitation '' - which never even happened , as she never said `` come here '' , but `` if people come here and have a right to asylum , then there is no upper limit on how many we 'll take '' - has not in any way suspended those laws , nor the dublin treaties according to which everyone would have to be deported to the first safe country they came from . 
  the fact that merkel is letting those people in due to good will only is sort of her fallback if she ever needs to quickly get them away . 
  so basically , this just shows us how desperate the european member states have been to effectively eliminate the right to asylum by making it barely possible to actually apply for it . 
  i 'd be very happy not to give a shit about gamergate anymore , but as long as those people are still out there spewing their bullshit in every topic where it is ever so remotely possible , one really ca n't . 
   this is nuts . 
  those terrible right wingers were the only one willing to protect her . 
  do parties and think tanks own private armies these days ? 
   what 's wrong with having conservatives views ? 
  everything . 
  seriously , the better question would be what is good about standing in the way of every kind of human progress ever made . 
   it take a lot of courage to stand against islamists who put a target on your head . 
  it does , but it does n't absolve you of criticism . 
  you 're a gamergater . 
  that alone disqualifies you from getting to claim that any of your opinions about `` the far left '' were relevant . 
  it 's as pointless to discuss any of that with you as it would be to do so with donald trump himself . 
  yadda yadda ethics in gaming journalism , amirite . 
  so now it skews to the right . 
   edit : p. 146 they includes ayaan hirsi ali , who as a ex-muslim who suffered fgm an ran away from her family is obviously a critic of islam . 
  it seems they have a problem with that . 
  so what ? 
  she has been a member of a right wing party in the netherlands and has joined a right wing think tank in the us after fleeing there . 
  common consensus of critics is that she shifts between measured criticism and straight out islamophobia . 
   what are we progressing to ? 
  is there a point where we would say `` neat , now we have progressed enough , let 's sit back and conserve this state '' ? 
  nope , sorry , we have n't . 
  the most controversial questions of our day are `` should we let homosexuals marry '' , `` can people who do n't look like us be good '' and `` does climate change exist '' . 
  you can ask again in a few hundred years . 
  if you do n't consider yourself a progressive in our times , yes , that is by definition a bad thing . 
   arguable , considering how popular the idea of bringing back segregation and sex negative feminism has been with the far-left lately what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  multiculturalism is actually very hard to translate in general , with most people having no idea what it even means , and even major disagreement within academia . 
  by the academic definition , multiculturalism means maintaing the existence of multiple cultures in a state . 
  what that actually means can vary very much . 
  for example , german speaking academia seems to consider it opposed both to `` melting pot '' states like the us ( when it still considered itself a nation of immigrants ) and some strong national culture . 
  english speaking academia on the other hand seems to include the melting pot as such a possibility for multiple cultures coexsiting , but also goes further by defining apartheid regimes as an extreme form of multiculturalism ( as they specifically set up those barriers between cultures ) . 
  both more or less agree that it can result in cultural relativism , and in that form , it is broadly opposed by most leftists ; while the idea that there can be some sort of universal ethical and legal consensus while still allowing individual expressions of culture is what people commonly mean when they say that they support multiculturalism . 
  the problem is that in polemic discourse , right wingers seem to either consider every instance of non-natives being in the country as a form of multiculturalism , or see only the culturally relativist form . 
   its in line with the sometimes absurd party leadership elections where getting 80 % is a bad sign . 
  most of the time , there is only one candidate though . 
  so it 's actually understandable that having 20 % of people so openly against you should be considered a bad sign . 
  probably not for long , as economists are already proposing abolishing the minimum wage for refugees . 
   although those remarks may seem uncharacteristic of merkel , she probably would insist that she was not contradicting herself . 
  what the fuck is up with american journalists these days .
