  i mean , even that might lead to complications when you look at the specific spread . 
  what we saw here was the very clear and well known divide between urban and country areas . 
  one might legitimately ask , even if leave had , say , a 66 % majority ( used for severe changes , e.g. 
  to the consitutition in many countries ) , but we had seen a similar distribution , would it really be legitimate that a city like london is dragged into leaving ? 
  a population that does not only fundamentally disagree with the decision , but also has a utterly different economical and cultural role than the ones voting leave . 
  ( for everyone interested in the issues that this split brings up , i suggest reading up on the history of france from the revolution onwards ; which is a quite good example . ), 
  because , face it , if we really want to go with the `` make x great again '' logic and apply it here , then most of those who make britain great in any way are united in the remain camp . 
  the entrepeneurs , the highly educated , artists , young people . 
  and this is again one of those major pitfalls of nationalist policy : it is not content with some false collective sense of accomplishment , it attempts to force this even against the will of those who actually accomplish it . 
  those who accomplish things do n't need nationalism to feel useful . 
  it 's those who feel left out and want to take responsibility for others accomplishments , so they can feel useful as well . 
  leaves primary demographics were the lowly educated and the old . 
  it was basically predicted in all polls that it would look similar to this - it 's the left/right urban/country divide you see in every kind of vote or election . 
  what essentially happened then though was that a ) london had comparably low turnout compared to the country , probably due to heavy rain b ) the side predicted to win in every district generally did ( apart from a few swings ) , but did better then expected from the poll . 
  ( both remain and leave ; but leave ended up profting more ), 
  so , yeah , i do n't think the eu will be all that impressed . 
  that number is impossible to tell , since one can not clearly separate which local industries generally failed and which specifically did due to entering the eu . 
  the british economy was already in decline from 1945 onwards till 1973 , when it joined the eu - at that point , they already had a gdp below the eu average . 
  afterwards , it stabilized . 
  additionally , many of those regulations only came later , so it gets even harder to attribute anything to anything with any bit of certainity . 
  it is also entirely irrelevant for the question of brexit since it neither accounts for industries that have appeared due to eu funding , nor would brexit suddenly bring those industries back . 
  you might also notice how those regulations have benefited the `` common man '' who now backs brexit . 
  `` right wing populist thinks soros did something '' i mean really people , how does this even qualify as news these days . 
   we 'll see what is going to happend with opposition , what nationalists can `` offer '' them but whatever eu offeres to the european people seems to be less and less attractive and i do n't mean just british . 
  very few people even understand what the eu actually offers them . 
  the numbers are out there , but they are too complicated for most voters to understand . 
  i too would prefer that - but i also think that if they do not experience some kind of crash , they 'll just forget about it in the near future and start the whole bullshit again . 
  again , feel sorry for the remainers and it 's sad that they 'll be affected as well , but there need to be consequences , so that people understand exactly what they voted for . 
  tough luck for them . 
  if they do n't understand how voting work , it 's their own fault . 
  `` they did n't think their vote would count . '', 
  unbelievable . 
  i guess if nationalist ever attempt to take power in this country again , we 'll meet at gunpoint . 
  and you thought it was smarter due to what ? 
  now we have to act quickly before it becomes apparent what a total clusterfuck this will become ! '', 
  it 's like if germany in wwii sent a `` i guess you stupid americans do not have the balls to enter the war anyway ps : we fucked your mothers . '', 
  after pearl harbor since they thought , screw it , we 're fucked anyway . 
  i 've already said this yesterday : the core problem of this referendum above all , even above the economic impact , is the ideological aspect . 
  both campaigns have always painted this as `` the people of britain will decide to ... '' and now they have decided something . 
  or rather , a majority has decided something . 
  that is the problem , a problem apparent in all those previous and following statement about the need for unity : there is no unity . 
  now , this would have been true for a remain win as well , but that would also have been just that : a literal vote for the status quo . 
  instead , one side has decided to drag the other side down with them . 
  and that is what nationalists like ukip who have been so very influential for the key rhetoric here just do n't get . 
  nationalism presumes this kind of national unity . 
  they effectively hope that as soon as they get a simple majority , the rest of the country will just jump on board as well . 
  nationalism is always dependent on this idea of being able to speak for everyone . 
  but there is nothing at all that the leavers can now offer to those who have for a multitude of good reasons voted remain . 
  one has to ask whether there is a place for remainers in the world imagined by the leavers . 
  that 's exactly what i mean . 
  what is sovereignity even supposed to mean outside the weird fantasies of a leaver ? 
  the uk is dependent on access to the single market . 
  what kind of `` sovereignity '' does the uk then win by leaving the eu ? 
  the `` sovereignity '' of having to pay almost as much as before to still be part of the single market , while neither receiving any funding back nor having any political influence anymore ? 
  dude , you 've already spammed your nationalist bullshit in irc all night . 
  are you compensating for anything ? 
  i have yet to see any convincing argument that would make any sense outside the convoluted worldview of the leave voters . 
  no , i certainly wo n't . 
  i will , again , feel sorry for the remain voters for having to put up with the following bullshit , since leave voters would hardly take a loss fairly . 
  i feel sad or the people who voted remain and might have to endure the bullshit that will follow if leave wins . 
  i do n't really care about the uk as a whole , if they vote leave i will very much enjoy seeing it crash and burn , but the remain voters , yeah , i feel sorry for them . 
  ... would n't i then wholeheartedly rally against immigration ? 
   there must be some concession for a democracy to work , otherwise i would argue the other side has a problem with democracy and does n't like it when the results do n't go their way . 
  yes . 
  and that is exactly how it goes , and how it will go this time as well . 
  people just are n't very good at democracy . 
  where have you called me out on my true nature ? 
  you have n't even mentioned my plan to replace all whites by making our children gay and simultaneously importing lots and lots of non-white immigrants yet . 
  you 're right in theory , but we all know that this is not how it works in practice . 
  if either camp loses , they 'll not just leave it as `` well , i guess it 's the will of the people '' . 
  and that is perfectly legitimate since , as you said , we ca n't have both options at the same time , we ca n't satisfy both . 
  the whole talk about unity basically tries exactly that - tell people , well , we have decided , now we can all be friends again , right ? 
  no , there can be no unity , as the ideological divide does not dissappear . 
  this is the most nonsensical attempt at a comeback i 've ever seen . 
  you know , i find the whole `` we need to stand united now '' - talk to be terribly idiotic . 
  you are n't united . 
  this is an divisive issue , and it 's one running along very predictable ideological and demographical lines . 
  why is it so hard to accept that society , not just your society , but all societies are divided ? 
  the idea of bipartisanship means the de-politizication of politics . 
  it pretends that there are n't major disagreements about what our societies should look like , instead trying to uphold a false sense of unity . 
  it 's what has contributed to the apathy towards poltitics in the first place , because people do not feel represented , because people do not feel like they can have any influence , because topics that should have already been decided for a long time do not get closure . 
  the idea of unity is a lie we keep telling ourselves to pretend that everything is fine . 
  `` a person on the internet disagreed with me !, 
  vote leave ! '', 
   ukip are right on the issue of mass immigration . 
  `` those kinds of parties are somehow wrong on everything else and i utterly disagree with them otherwise , but i 'm telling you , their ideas on immigration are top notch ! '', 
  do you really think ? 
  i mean , they come up with so many new shitty things to say everytime someone opens their mouth , i would n't consider it boring at all . 
  do you know how terribly boring the whole `` ah , ah , cologne !, 
  '' - crying has gotten at this point ? 
  evidently , there 's an often overlooked demographic : the ~ 10 % ukip voters who do not want brexit . 
  `` oh no , i 'm just in for the bigotry , you know ! '', 
  ... so basically , the boulevard papers of course jump onto the leave train , openly advocating for it , while the more serious and dignified ones talk about the referendum in general . 
  why am i not surprised . 
  well , i 'll certainly enjoy to see how this turns out , whether it 's leave or remain , whether the uk will draw the short straw or not . 
  are you seriously attempting to extrapolate the applicability of the swiss model to the uk from the income per capita of switzerland ? 
  so let me just copy the article about the swiss model linked the other one about the norwegian :  ** the swiss business model may itself already be bust **  does david cameron believe that the uk should base its future relationship with europe on that which switzerland currently has with the eu ? 
  we should hope that the answer is a resounding no . 
   think of the swiss economy and the thing that will come to mind for most people will be banking and finance . 
  cameron 's recent defence of the city might imply that he thinks of the uk economy in similar terms .
