  the majority of germans in 1938 wanted to invade poland . 
  were they right ? 
  is this just what a democracy does ? 
  no , that 's what we use on our tanks . 
  as a service weapon , soldiers form a gun with their hand and make pew-pew noises . 
  just not for too long because then the hand gets very hot . 
  how many people have died from islamic terrorists posing as refugees in 2015 ? 
  and you might notice that isis can do that because isis is a state . 
  do you genuinely believe a few immigrated terrorists could do the same inside another state , where they are merely able to operate in secret ? 
  do you think nazis would stop at burning down refugee centers if they were in control of the country ? 
  the problem with `` loosing a battle to win a war '' in politics is that the whole war only consists of this one battle . 
  this is the whole problem with discussing how to handle the rise of the far right in europe and get those people back into the moderate political spectrum . 
  the answer is : you ca n't . 
  if people are genuinely considering voting for a far right party , and thus , for everything that party endorses , they are lost for your party . 
  you 're essentially saying `` to make them more moderate , we have to get less moderate while still calling it moderate '' - that 's insane . 
  there is no person who genuinely says `` oh , i totally oppose everything this party does except for one minor issue , but i 'm voting for them due to that minor issue '' . 
  if people are ready to sacrifice abortion and secularism simply because they do n't want to help refugees , they are part of the problem . 
  they are not a reliable base to support leftist politics when they are willing to drop them any second . 
  this is a problem of society , not politics . 
  a democracy ca n't limit itself to cater to the peoples whims . 
  it also needs to educate people , even actively stop people from installing a less democratic society . 
  i think people here are conveniently ignoring his real motivations , simply labeling him crazy and `` just trolling '' . 
  sure , making up personas to argue with one another might seem deranged to most , but as the article points out :  apart from the thrill of trolling on the world 's most sensitive and politically fraught subjects , goldberg appears to be driven by a single ideology : purist notions of the right to free speech . 
  he used his fake jihadists to smear amnesty international and advocates of anti-hate-speech laws . 
  he made a fake-account posting transphobic content for one of the women who tried to get gta v banned in australia . 
  he tried smearing a lawyer - also a supporter of anti-hate-speech legislation - by getting an article under his name into the times of israel , asking for a genocide against palestinians . 
  for why he was so obsessed with australia , he said this :  to potaka and mcmahon , before his arrest , goldberg explained why he had such an obsession with australia . 
  it was , he said , the most `` anti-freedom of speech country in the english speaking world '' . 
  australia 's left was `` unspeakably stupid '' . 
   he pointed to the controversy over the abbott government 's failed attempts to amend section 18c of the racial discrimination act , and the `` massive outrage '' that occurred when attorney-general george brandis said , `` people do have a right to be bigots , you know '' . 
  in the us , where freedom of speech is sacrosanct , nobody would have been as outraged , he said . 
  he was n't `` crazy '' . 
  he had a clear political agenda . 
  well seriously , what 's the logic here . 
  `` to keep the right wingers at bay , just fulfill all their wishes '' ? 
   so statistically speaking there might be a significant number of terrorists in your country right now . 
  oh , there are lots and lots of terrorists here already . 
  they are burning refugee centers every week . 
  i do n't think it will get any worse due to a few isis members . 
  it 's both , actually . 
  cdu has moved to the left on some economical issues while keeping their hard line on social issues - although it can be said that the economic move to the left is something of a farce , just look at all the exceptions they pushed for the minimum wage . 
  csu is still as far to the right as ever . 
  but spd and the greens have also moved to the right . 
  see the opposition of the greens to inheritance tax for example . 
  the point is , right now , there are n't any major differences between spd and cdu anymore . 
   while an unofficial poll from t-online says 95 % are against it . 
  the poll was taken offline very quickly so all i got is a screenshot from a not very reliable source . 
  but i \u00b4 ve seen that poll myself while it was online . 
  an unofficial online poll showed an extremist stance ? 
  color me surprised . 
  to be fair : dobrindt is probably one of the best known csu personas right now ; mostly for his hilariously failed attempt to establish a freeway toll only applying to foreigners ( it was scrapped when brussel threatened to sue because it violates eu law - which was known well before , criticized repeatedly , yet consequently ignored ) . 
  the csu in general is currently the laughing stock of almost everyone for their cringeworthy antics and failed projects . 
  it 's not just that spd refuses to work with die linke ; it 's also the other way round . 
  spd has increasingly moved to the right - so have the greens - so they are an incredibly shitty option for a working leftist coalition . 
  if those parties finally noticed that it 's completely idiotic to fish for conservative votes when conservative parties already exist , we would maybe finally see a government appropriate for the 21st century . 
  no , you have not . 
  you have simply made another suggestion on how to keep the problem out of europe . 
  that is n't a solution . 
  is n't it great how `` quotas are n't a solution '' but just ignoring the problem and insisting that the pesky brown people may move elsewhere totally is ? 
   they does n't want to share , they want to live on the same level we do now . 
  they are n't stupid . 
  look at which destinations they choose inside eu . 
  why they risk their lives to get into uk , while already being in france , safe and with some prospects ? 
  cause in uk they will have better social circumstances . 
  these people do not want optimal , but the best for themselves . 
  ah yes , the old `` they want to get all this without doing anything for it . '', 
  and yes , totally , some of them probably want that , and we should give them the same kind of welfare that we give everyone else who is unemployed . 
  but pretending that they come here without wanting to work for their outcome is idiotic . 
  listen to actual refugees . 
  they 're thankful even for what they get in the camps , and those camps are the bare minimum of what we consider humane . 
  for the question why they want to go to certain countries and not to others , there are many reasons for that . 
  the most obvious would be that they have relatives there , speak english , went to university there , etc. 
  just pretending that those are the best and richest countries does n't cut it . 
  seriously , i would n't want to live in the uk more than i would like to live in france . 
  i have no idea why refugees want to go there . 
  i assume that they have been fed stories how great it is in the uk . 
  it 's hardly news that people can get very irrational in such cases . 
  do you remember the the minor uproar about anti-semitism in france following the hostage taking in a jewish supermarket , which became a footnote to the charlie hebdo massacre ? 
  there was actually a surge of jewish citizens emigrating to israel after that . 
  think about that . 
  they emigrated to israel because they thought it would be safer than france . 
   do you finally understand that my solution helps them all , while yours only helps some ? 
  no , your solution does n't help anyone because you 're literally not doing anything . 
  you 're telling me that before we can do anything , we should ask the us for compensation - but that can easily take years , if they pay anything at all . 
  so until then , your solution is `` we just should n't bother '' . 
  actually , that 's your solution even beyond that because , as you said , poland does n't owe anything to those people . 
  so your overall solution for helping everyone is to ... help no one , ever . 
   do you understand that you are not allowed to decide for others , where their money is going to go ? 
  it 's not your money , goddamnit . 
  it 's taxes . 
  you do n't get to decide what is done with your taxes . 
   problem with that is that how migration work is stronger economy takes people that it needs to grow , so that more space is created in the bubble . 
  if we will take all the people that want it at a time it will be counter productive long term , cause our economy will shrink due to overspending to cover for social spending for people that will go about without a job . 
  and then nobody will be better off anymore , we all - europeans and middle easterners will become poorer . 
  but again , it is n't about the economy , it 's about humanitarian responsibility . 
  we should n't grant refugees asylum based on whether they 're useful for us . 
  at the same time , your logic here seems to be `` if we do n't do anything for those people they 'll be a burden '' . 
  well no shit sherlock , you ca n't just take those people in and then do nothing for them . 
   and do n't forget that europe was screaming `` they will take our jobs '' long before world crisis has struck . 
  yes , and they have been as wrong back then as they have now .
