  there is also a general hate for eastern europeans , whether poles or hungarians or people from the balkan countries . 
   do you object to me not serving nazi war criminals in my restaurant ? 
  nazis who are n't war criminals ? 
  religious fanatics ? 
  religious people in general ? 
  people who do n't believe in man-made climate change ? 
  people who support another football team that i do n't like ? 
  yes to all of these . 
  unless they have acted like dicks in your restaurant or are known to do so elsewhere . 
   well if he is the owner he can decide who to serve and who not to serve or not ? 
  no , that 's why we have anti-discrimination laws . 
  this is n't the us where we discuss ad infinitum whether people should be allowed to be dicks due to their personal beliefs . 
  there 's a difference between `` criticizing '' and `` discriminating '' . 
  that would probably drive away other customers too . 
  that 's the problem with those kind of people - they want to act like assholes without suffering any consequences . 
   also , if you have a look at this article from die welt , in the comments the people have a complete different opinion ... seriously , dude . 
  internet comments ? 
  you want to predict public opinion based on internet comments ? 
  there is in doing so like hungary does . 
  i wonder why islamists would want to join the bundeswehr , it 's full of nazis . 
   its not a `` feelgod '' fence , it serves a very real purpose . 
  a purpose so inhumane that even multiple fence-constructors refused to build it . 
  i thought they already had one . 
  will orban keep building fence after fence just to keep people content ? 
  has there even been any data on what those fences have cost so far and will cost in the future ? 
   i said european identity is definitely centuries old . 
  which it is n't , as we just discussed . 
  you ca n't take a concept that barely has anything to do with the thing we were just discussing and therefore the latter to be `` ancient '' . 
  we were n't even discussing the idea of an area of europe ( which is , as i said , not identical with `` the west '' ) , we were discussing the idea of an european identity . 
  there is also a very old concept of the area of `` germany '' , yet german nationalism is n't therefore thousands of years old ( even though the nationalists want to believe so ) . 
  when i do , i literally get this :  the west as a geographical area is unclear . 
  there is some disagreement about what nations should or should not be included in the category , and at what times . 
  many parts of the eastern roman empire are considered western today , but were eastern in the past . 
  geographically , the `` west '' of today would include europe ( especially the european union countries ) together with extraeuropean territories belonging to the anglosphere , as well as the hispanidad , the lusosphere or the francophonie in the wider context . 
  since the context is highly biased and context-dependent , there is no agreed definition what the `` west '' is . 
   it is difficult to determine which individuals fit into which category , and the east -- west contrast is sometimes criticized as relativistic and arbitrary . 
  globalism has spread western ideas so widely that almost all modern cultures are , to some extent , influenced by aspects of western culture . 
  not to mention that you might find there to be somewhat of a difference between a `` european '' identity and the general concept of `` the west '' . 
  i said no and then you said yes . 
  that was a truly compelling argument . 
   back in 2012 he started a big scandal about `` halal meat '' everywhere . 
  is n't that still ongoing , with some french schools in districts run by right-wing politicians banning alternative halal meals simply because ? 
  maybe because i decided for myself that i do n't want to show skin . 
  would i personally decide that ? 
  no , but neither would i decide to , i do n't know , save my virginity for marriage . 
  but i wo n't force people to have pre-marital sex . 
  i might disagree with those who decide to do so , and i will certainly call them out for trying to force their beliefs onto others . 
  what our state should do is to grant people and especially minors the rights , protection and education to be able to make an independent decision . 
  that 's how you address oppressive structures , not by just oppressing people in another way . 
   yeah , that is why gay marriage has been legal for so long in germany ... / s the majority for gay marriage is actually very small , and if i remember correctly , adoption rights do n't even have a majority ( which is still one of the core issues ) . 
  even less so in the cdu . 
  merkel is an opportunist , yes , but she does n't always answer the polls . 
  she knows that the other parties would n't ally against her because of her opposition of gay marriage , but they might very well do if she did n't respond to the refugee crisis as she did . 
   i ca n't wear nazi or fascist simbols . 
  why would you want to ? 
   i ca n't wear blaspheme or pornographic t-shirts . 
  that 's a problem and should n't be like that . 
  then why do we allow right-wing-populist parties to exist ? 
  it 's easy when you 're a nationalist and only want benefits for those you consider similar to yourself . 
  yes , they are depicted as extremes . 
  does n't mean they are like that . 
  the biggest opposition against the burkini ban hardly came from some `` the burkini should be allowed and also there is no questionable attitude towards women at all in islam '' camp . 
  it came from a camp that said the very thing maajid nawaz said here , they just did n't pretend it was some grand new idea from a very important idea-haver . 
  the idea of an `` european '' identity is itself very modern , probably even more modern then liberalism . 
   both sides are wrong in the burkini wars i love it when people call both sides stupid because somehow , the ideas they just had must be so unique that no one else has had them . 
  you do recognize that before america was america , it was british , in other words , european , in other words , how fucking hard would it have been to just google `` liberalism '' and find , i do n't know , locke , montesquieu , the french revolution , paine , wollstonecraft , the revolutions of 1848 ? 
  but sure , liberalism in europe . 
  just a post-1945 thing . 
   complying with the laws of a country means you 're supportive of these laws ? 
  yes . 
   do you wonder why you have so many down votes ? 
  no , it 's quite obviously because people disagree with me . 
   but i do n't see how going there to visit , regardless of my reasons , somehow automatically means that i 'm supportive of their regime . 
  you could of course also simply chose to not wear the veil , but as you said yourself , that 's illegal . 
  so i suggested to not go at all to protect you from prosecution . 
  instead , you chose to comply with the laws of a regime you allegedly consider unjust . 
  so yes , you are supporting that regime . 
   it 's some sort of regressive left emotional outburst you could at least attempt to find some context where this buzzword would be remotely applicable instead of just throwing it out because you want to . 
   if we were to follow your logic nobody would travel anywhere as a form of protest . 
  yes . 
  so just do n't . 
  or did your life depend on going to a country that forces you to do something you supposedly do n't believe in ? 
  for a joint european army , joint european values might be useful . 
  values that orban does n't think much of :  `` we are experiencing the end of a spiritual-intellectual era . 
  the era of liberalism . 
  [ this ] provides the opportunity for the national-christian thinking to regain its dominance not only in hungary , but in the whole of europe . '', 
  do you believe that women should be forced to wear a veil ? 
  then do n't go to countries that demand it . 
  if you do so anyway , you seem to lack any genuine belief in anything and just latch onto whatever is demanded of you . 
  in that case , you may excuse that i have more respect for some conservative muslim woman insisting on wearing the veil , because at least she feels adamant about it . 
   socialism is by definition the halfway measure as political entities used it often as an intermediate step to communism ( or at least they claimed that ) . 
  that is so far correct , so i wonder why you try to apply it to existing systems . 
  germany is n't socialist in any way , because socialism is n't social democracy or the social market or anything like that . 
  marx defined socialism as the step inbetween capitalism and communism , immediately after revolution , where class relations are turned upside down . 
  meaning the proletariat and the bourgeoisie still exist , but now the former rule of the latter ( the dictatorship of the proletariat ) . 
  communism defines the next step , a class free society . 
  and you would assume that marx definitions of the terms should be of some relevance , would n't you . 
   not all nationalism is fascist all nationalism is fascist . 
   socialism is a combination of capitalism and communism that 's the dumbest thing i 've heard all week . 
  it 's bad enough that you use a collection of dictionary definitions in an attempt to make a point about political theory , but then you could at least find one that does n't support the very thing you just tried to prove wrong :  a.
