  no , they do not get benefits if they never got registered/applied for asylum in the first place , as the post above suggested , because the state effectively does n't know they are here . 
   within limits , why not ? 
  i said all refugees beyond 200000 . 
  and that does not work , because rights do n't just apply up to a certain number . 
  it would be like saying `` we 'll allow gay marriage , but only ten of them . '', 
  you 're not actually allowing gay marriage then !, 
  by that definition , hitlers germany was a democratic state and when we add the principle of national sovereignty , it could not be held accountable for human rights violations . 
   they apparently do n't care about the costs , but the costs are real . 
  i want to make them care about the costs . 
  if you had actually looked at the ongoing proceedings , you would have noticed that people are already effectively paying for the refugees . 
  look at the lageso in berlin , where volunteers are effectively caring for the refugees all by themselves , because the state-owned institution has effectively collapsed . 
  the point is : they . 
  should . 
  not . 
  need . 
  we have a state , and that state should provide administration and welfare . 
  if we applied `` if people want it , they should do it by themselves '' everywhere , we would not have a state . 
  we have a state as to care for common interests , and common interests here mean , not necessarily the individual interests of everyone . 
  you keep bringing up the `` not with my taxes ! '', 
  argument . 
  but it 's not `` your '' taxes . 
  your taxes are n't your property . 
  you do n't get to protest how your taxes are used solely because you personally do n't like it . 
  you know , when the classic reddit libertarian makes the `` all welfare should be provided voluntarily by entrepeneurs '' argument , at least they naively believe that this would work great . 
  you , on the other hand , just enjoy being a dick to other people , telling them `` haha sucks to be you '' . 
   and there are cheaper ways to deal with the problem . 
  indeed , but they clash with the constitution and , by that extent , with the very values people pretend to keep defending . 
  it 's really irrelevant whether we 're having a referendum or not . 
  if a majority of people are voting for the wrong thing , it does n't become democratic . 
  i mean , it 's really simple . 
  if you do n't want to pay for humanitarian help , it 's fine . 
  but at least admit it . 
  do n't do the whole `` we need to defend our values '' , do n't do the `` we simply ca n't afford it '' , do n't do the `` it 's not realistic '' . 
  just openly admit that you do not like the actual values of this state and would like them to go away . 
  just admit that your main concern is `` why can others be assholes while we can not , we want to be too '' . 
  just say it loud and clear : you think that democracy should go suck a dick , that it 's dumb , that you do n't want it . 
  you 're envious of despotic regimes because they can do whatever they want and we can not . 
   who have been in europe for years and still demand segregation based on sex everywhere and treat women who dare to wear a skirt as whores because they do n't give a shit about western values . 
  you 're right , just look at the recent stories surrounding a ban of hotpants and short skirts at german schools . 
  surely , this must have been political correctness gone mad , a pathetic catering to the muslims ... oh wait no , it was proposed and defended by the native population . 
  but the recent `` marches for life '' meant to criminalize abortion again , surely those ... wait no , those were natives as well . 
  i do n't get it !, 
  i thought germany was a progressive country !, 
  a country not having talkshows about `` gender horror '' on public tv , like ... nevermind , we did exactly that . 
  but gay rights !, 
  those are important . 
  which is why this disgusting and cynically named `` protests for everyone '' against a state curriculum `` under the rainbow '' , which meant to include non-het-cis identities and relationships , orchestrated by ... wait , that was native germans again !, 
  in fact , as with the marches for life , there 's huge overlap with the pegida movement !, 
  but i thought they were defending our precious german values ?!, 
  and yet their very first joint statement included a weird paragraph about `` opposing the insane ideology of gender mainstreaming '' , despite having nothing to do with their stated goal of opposing islamization !, 
  how can this be ? 
  oh wait again !, 
  the dude making the `` sadly the kzs are closed '' comment at the recent pegida rally who is so very glad about all those precious german values ... oh wait no , his best known book is about `` the insane cult surrounding women , homosexuals and immigrants '' . 
  so the muslims were only a sidenote . 
  well , but the afd !, 
  the only party standing up for the german people and their values ... wait no , they are openly anti-feminist , anti-choice , anti-gay marriage . 
  it 's almost like `` the german people '' everyone is standing up for are huge assholes . 
  how very strange . 
   a single person already has up to 50 % taxes you are out of your mind . 
  up to , mind that . 
  nobody actually pays that much . 
  with the highest incomes , there are so many shady exceptions , they pay less . 
  it 's a typical tactic of neo-liberal politicans to label any sort of tax raise meant to affect only the richest people as `` attacking the middle class '' , when in fact , nobody in the middle class will ever be so rich that they have to pay those taxes . 
  see the recent debate about inheritance tax . 
  well sorry , but a state ca n't work without money , and the way a state gets money is through taxes . 
  so the government ca n't promise tax cuts all the time while pretending that they can nonetheless totally keep infrastructure running . 
  whether this is popular with the people hardly matters because sure , people would prefer not to pay any taxes if they could , but they would likely not wish to face the consequences of that . 
   from what ? 
  tax raises ? 
  yes . 
  i do agree that there might be a percentage of entirely unregistered people living here , but i think it would be very , very small since you really ca n't do much in germany without any kind of registration . 
  when reading the article , you 'll see that those tightened rules completely miss the point . 
  even without the people from eastern europe , the system is going to collapse , or has already done so , because it is dreadfully underfunded . 
  instead of finally acknowledging that and providing the necessary funding and manpower , we get increasingly strict rules that will de facto eliminate the right to asylum as a whole if this trend continues . 
   some are well aware their chances of getting asylum are very slim so why bother with it & make themselves visible to the authorities ? 
  because otherwise they would n't be able to receive any benefits ? 
   nationalism is n't conservatism but alright . 
  nationalism in the 21st century is almost exclusively expressed as national conservatism though , and one might argue that nationalism is always a conservative/reactionary ideology in itself . 
   so what point where you really trying to make ? 
  that describing your opponents as `` feels over reals '' , when in fact , your own ideas are at least as much led by emotion , if not more so , is a very stupid thing to do . 
   who are being treated way better in pretty much all western countries than anywhere else thanks to `` our values '' . 
  the very people who keep on babbling about those values are the first who 'd abandon them and openly oppose them . 
  again , it 's highly hypocritical . 
  and the jews provoked by the nazis by existing , i know , i know . 
   he said they look like one maybe because they are all military aged men and move just like an army . 
  truly , this man is the last beacon of rational thought in the eu . 
  tomorrow he may declare that he feels the immigrants will melt because they look like they 're made of chocolate . 
  please tell me more about the entirely rational nature of conservatism , including such hard empirical facts as `` being proud of your country just because '' , `` our values '' and `` just feeling like the gays are icky '' . 
  no , we do not intend to `` convert '' them , why would we . 
  what the fuck are you thinking . 
  really , i 'm way less concerned with muslims , then with the sudden surge of crazy people coming out of their holes and spewing bullshit . 
  yes , but those are not the ones speaking about the `` downfall of the occident '' . 
  that 's the typical language of extremists . 
   i find it really ironic that the very same people claiming the downfall of the occident are the same people who are responsible for a record number of attacks on refugees and their camps/facilities . 
  please do not feel pressured to change this . 
  it 's true . 
  those people are responsible , even if they have n't personally burnt any homes . 
  their rhetoric about `` needing to defend ourselves '' , their fearmongering that `` we may lose our own country '' , all the hateful garbage they spew , all this stuff is directly fueling the attacks . 
  you ca n't call for the people to `` rise up '' all the time , then act as if you were n't responsible when they do . 
  the preachers of hate are responsible for the violence committed due to this hate .
