  it basically means middle-class , but it 's not just the economic situation . 
  `` b\u00fcrgerlich '' means having a lifestyle that is in some way conservative . 
  not necessarily conservative as opposed to liberalism , it goes into the area of liberalism as well , but still conservative in some way . 
  they care very much about certain standards of modesty and appropriateness , not even necessarily for any religious reasons . 
  and they 're a feeding ground for the kind of casual , unreflected racism that is inherent to the whole `` we 're not against foreigners , it 's just their culture '' . 
  it 's the mindset that defines the cdu or the fdp , even part of the spd ( it has become more of a middle class party then a workers party by now , maybe simply because people do n't think of themselves as `` workers '' that much anymore ) and has always been considered the `` middle '' of society . 
  and what i think is that this sort of `` b\u00fcrgerlich '' mindset is way more present in the west then in the east , due to a multitude of factors . 
  because the east is more rural , because the east had communism , because the east is less religious . 
  that means that xenophobia in the east works differently . 
  xenophobes here have likely never encountered an immigrant ( since there are significantly less here ) , they might even have immigrant friends they do n't consider bad in any way , so they 're obsessed with the abstract idea of immigrants . 
  they 're disillusioned by capitalism and democracy , they 're the sort of people who tell you everything was better in the gdr . 
  they might actually be very apolitical except for those irrational fears of abstract ideas . 
  they have worse education , live in rural areas , they feel a lack of purpose that they try to fill with nationalism . 
  they still have a deep seated anger about getting the short end of the stick , they 'll tell you that the gdr treated them badly and therefore others do n't deserve being treated any better . 
  they 're stuck reminiscing about the past . 
  but the same lack of `` b\u00fcrgerliche '' attitudes also means more space for progressive thought , especially for the youth , which has access to a much wider web of information then the generations before that , it is less bound by tradition and religion . 
  adults are more open to leftist ideas while also more aware of the horrors of authoritarianism ( in the west , there were major problems with addressing peoples role in fascism , while easterners were basically forced to do it , although through the lens of communism ) . 
  now , those are obviously all tendencies . 
  there are `` b\u00fcrgerliche '' in the east as well , there are very backwards rural areas in the west , the east is not 100 % atheist , just 66 % , and even those people who have never been to a church in the last 20 years will scream about defending `` christian heritage '' . 
  but those tendencies do exist , and i think they explain it better then `` oh , the east is just full of xenophobes '' . 
  what is so interesting about that is what i mentioned initially , that political analysts start to consider that . 
  so far , right wing extremism was always perceived as a problem of the lower classes , people abandoned by society and without perspective . 
  but the recent wave of violence against refugees has revealed a different picture . 
  suddenly , `` b\u00fcrgerliche '' become involved too . 
  they march with pegida , they cheer at burning refugee homes . 
  parties like the afd have managed to unite both lower and middle classes , despite the expectations that the breaking away of the wing surrounding lucke ( more of an economic liberal and the one who attempted to make the party one appealing to academics ) would affect their voter base , but it has actually grown since then . 
  so what we basically face now is that this kind of right wing extremism is not longer just carried by an openly extremist minority , but by a significantly bigger group of people who insist on not being called extremist . 
  and i live in germany yet people still tell me that i do n't know what 's happening here . 
  and the author of that article lives in poland as well , and yet she evidently does n't know what 's happening there either . 
  it 's strange , is n't it . 
  and again , anything going against your worldview must be either manipulated or false , because soros is controlling the media or something like that . 
  it 's all just false flag operations against the brave and united people of poland . 
  you know , you 're a perfect example of what we mean when we say that poland has become the russia of the eu . 
  the similarities between your rhetoric and the average russian online troll 's are astonishing . 
  you see critical thought as `` demoralisation '' and `` lies '' , you believe whoever disagrees with you must be funded and instructed by some western overlord , you engage in whataboutism , you 're a perfect example of the vatnik mindset , just adapted for a polish audience . 
  with something as heavily dependent on public funding and political approval as theatre , that can indeed be considered a form of censorship , as the article points out . 
  you know , when you say that it is untrue , you might want to talk about the actual allegations in the article and not something entirely different . 
  we actually do have a national database , called the easy-system . 
  but as i mentioned , because it does not have the proper identification information in it , it 's full of those double registrations . 
  it 's that exact problem , actually . 
  another article has revealed that the `` 130k people have went into hiding '' is blatant misinformation ; it mostly boils down to bureaucratic failures . 
  here 's the article for everyone interested : http://www.zeit.de/politik/deutschland/2016-02/fluechtlinge-verschwunden-bamf-aufenthaltsort basically , up until now , refugees were solely registered in pure numbers . 
  so they register that a certain number of people passes the border , but they are not fully registered by name etc. 
  so some examples how people might dissappear : * they move in with relatives instead of reporting to their assigned registration centers * they travel further - as an example , about 70k refugees have moved on the sweden , yet that number was n't removed from the people reported `` missing '' , despite knowing for sure they are n't here anymore . 
  * people moved somewhere else then they were supposed to and were thus registered twice ; raising both the total number of refugees and making the first registration , the `` karteileiche '' , go missing the problem is supposed to be solved soon by introducing a new system where every refugee is immediately registered fully and handed an id that can then be used wherever needed to prevent double registrations . 
  [ here 's ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/de/comments/47l2mj/aufenthaltsort_von_130000_fl%c3%bcchtlingen_unbekannt/d0egt16 ) an interesting post from a german redditor working in a refugee center who estimates that between 10 to 15 % of the residents there would be considered `` disappeared '' despite being exactly where they 're supposed to be . 
  they mention : * refugees are supposed to report changes of address by themselves ; which they might not understand or not be able to do so ( for example due to the center not owning a fax machine ) . 
  * wrongly spelled names creating more double registrations or making people impossible to find * appointments . 
  refugees sometimes get mandatory appointments at the same time ( such as a medical checkup and an appointment at the federal agency ; if they do n't turn up at one , they are considered missing , and can obviously not do appear at both at the same time ) . 
  security keeps people from entering due to the federal agency for refugees being overrun ; causing them to miss their appointments which , again , makes them `` go missing '' . 
  appointments might happen at entirely different cities than the one they reside in , at times impossible to meet with public transport . 
  * missed appointments due to other reasons such as currently being in a hospital or under quarantine . 
  * the user cites one example for the rigid nature of the bureaucratic apparatus : a family got split up while fleeing . 
  a man ended up in one state , his wife and kids in another . 
  the man - somewhat impulsively but understandably - travels to the center where his wife and kids are . 
  the state he was originally assigned to reports him missing . 
  in the new state , the request for family reunification is put on hold for months . 
  the man has to travel back , registers anew , but is obviously still considered missing from the first registration . 
  uh , from this comment of op :  keep in mind that there are n't enough teachers and halls for that . 
  so the teacher decided there will sometimes teach pe theory out of neccesity . 
  ... i 'm assuming that they meant physical education as well . 
  of course , performance evaluation would be a rather stupid idea as well . 
  i 'm talking about daily pe classes , what are you talking about ? 
   that 's not a bad thing though . 
  of course it is , because it either means other stuff is cut out or the load for pupils as a whole is increased . 
  and for what ? 
  useless pe classes that 90 % of the class will never need in their lives and that wo n't even have any positive health effect . 
  it 's the only - big - party that could be called genuinely leftist . 
  the greens and social democrats often abandon any real leftism in favour of getting into some coalition . 
  for a party that could be called genuinely far left , i 'd rather go with mlpd , a very minor party that never got into parliament , they 're openly communist . 
  well , i mean i can understand that the kids might want to eat pork , but it 's just economically unsound to order food which only a small part of the kids will eat . 
  i 've said it before , just offer options . 
  if you ca n't , just do vegetarian meals or even vegan ones . 
  just do the thing that is agreeable to the most people possible . 
  you know what is the really crazy thing here ? 
  who would ever want to move to britain ? 
   the figuring has probably something to do with the 30 % of non-natives in estonia of recent soviet colonial history . 
  and the source of non-natives probably also matters . 
  oh phew , we still found a way to blame the foreigners . 
  calm down people , we can sleep well tonight . 
   any hard numbers ? 
  because `` feelings '' are n't really good building blocks for statistics  one of the questions is literally how people feel about their safety !, 
  i mean , come the fuck on people . 
  do n't you ever consider that the same catchphrase might not fit every situation ? 
  as i said before , i find laicism to be a tremendously failed attempt at secularism . 
  a total separation of state and religion mean that the state loses its control over religion while religious people feel secluded , which drives them to extremism . 
  so that is sort of the answer . 
  overthrow the education system . 
  make a new curriculum , throw out the people who refuse to teach it . 
   with many people still believing that all cultures are equal and should never be criticized , i doubt any serious efforts will take place any time soon . 
  you know , you might need to show me the major politician who said that in response to cologne , because i sure have n't heard it . 
  well , i tried to see what i 'm supposed to believe instead of leftist propaganda , but evidently you ca n't offer me any constructive alternative . 
  well evidently it would , i 've heard we 're a leftist dictatorship where no one is allowed to point out that immigrants commit crimes . 
  so what 's next ? 
   you 're going to invade and fight how many of them ? 
  do n't need to do that , a soft transition from the current government or even just a mandate for support from the un that enable oversight of the current government would work well enough . 
  and the problem with iraq was the approach to it . 
  the us troops attempted to fight a war , but the insurgents did not want to . 
  it 's about the impression you leave , and the us did n't leave an impression of being liberators , but conquerors . 
  of course it will be expensive .
