  already . 
  had . 
  too . 
  few . 
  teachers . 
  and doctors . 
  and general staff in refugee homes and government agencies . 
  it 's fucking ridiculous how easy people fall for this shit . 
  we 've had those problems for years , we have refused to do anything about that and even cut numbers , all because what the fuck would you expect when constantly voting for parties promising low taxes . 
  and now they 're presented to us as if they were a result of the `` sudden '' mass of refugees . 
  this crisis has n't just started with merkel opening the borders . 
  it had been going on for long a long time already . 
  we had all this time to prepare and we refused because our government had the naive idea that they could make the influx stop without actually doing anything . 
  we can do this , if we only finally chose to commit to it instead of whining about it being impossible . 
   but giving them a cafe to sit around and perv them maybe go off to the toilet for a quick fap and perhaps build up that desire to is n't exactly something to be encouraging imo . 
  by your logic , we 'd need to ban literally everything where adults can be near children . 
  it would be stupid to create segregated beaches or swimming pools and there , the children are actually half or fully naked . 
  considering every situation where someone may see a kid to be a `` pedophiles playground '' is irrational beyond belief . 
   is it that i should n't be able to deny that the religion is legitimate ? 
  you should , because it 's kind of protected by free speech . 
  i mean , as long as you do n't actively advocate for any actions following your opinion . 
  but free speech does n't mean that your ideas are free of criticism or judgement . 
  so yeah , you 're allowed to say that , but expect to be called a hateful asshole for it . 
   and suppose now that i were to say : `` i do not believe that the earth does n't revolve around the sun '' , would it also be a lack of belief because , once again , it is expressed in the negative ? 
  you 're doing grammatical nitpicking here , when the relevant issue is the content . 
  a double negation is a just a fancy way of making a positive statement - it is n't an actual negative statement . 
  i think i actually made my explanation very clear in the previous post . 
  disbelief is a negative statement . 
  you 're saying that you do not believe one thing , but do not propose an alternative . 
  only a positive statement can do that . 
  atheism is entirely defined by a negative statement , or rather negative statements . 
  the most important is `` i do not believe in a god/godlike being/guiding power/etc . '', 
  or simply `` i do not follow a religion '' . 
  and following from that , you do not belief particular explanations made by religion , `` i do not belief mohammed to be a prophet '' etc. 
  atheism is entirely defined by this absence of belief . 
  there is no positive statement in atheism . 
  every positive statement you make can be affected by your atheism , but they are n't part of it . 
   is this a beautiful metaphor ? 
  probably not , but again , i do n't see your point ( and do i really need to remind you that you 'll find the exact same statement in the bible ? ) . 
  we know that lots of rules we consider illogical today made sense in their historical context , even when they were based on superstition . 
  for example , we do n't really know why jews and muslims wo n't eat pork , although there are some theories , including risk of trichinella , or that pigs as omnivores competed with the human population , or that pigs were generally not held as cattle in the region because they were ineffective , providing only meat , while other animals could also provide milk or be used for transport and farming . 
  although most theories acknowledge that while there may have been a practical origin , it later became more of a symbol meant to set the israelis apart from surrounding tribes while creating an own , shared identity . 
  similarly , the rules for menstruation might also have - at least seemingly rational - explanations , including hygiene , medical beliefs back then ( see humorism , which was medical consensus until the 19th century ) or spiritual beliefs ( blood was considered to carry the soul , which is why muslims and jews also only eat meat they consider completely bled out ) . 
  especially when it comes to the rules regardng ritual cleanings , for example following menstruation , but also sex , birth , and death . 
  it also specifies how clean the water has to be . 
  this is why today , many think that mohammed and the early muslim scholars had some basic understanding of how contagious diseases work , especially sexually transmitted ones , and tried to fight them through rules for hygiene . 
  the specific for the washing even include factors that make the washing invalid , for example urination and defecation , intercourse again , and things we 'd clearly recognize as symptoms of disease today , including blood and pus leaving the body , especially at the genitals , unconsciousness , vomiting , flatulence . 
  we often forget that at its time , islam was a hugely progressive religion that attempted to make laws clearer and fairer . 
  for example , for inheritance for women , women were n't even able to inherit before , and could even be inherited themselves . 
  primogeniture also often applied , so even the sons did not share the inheritance . 
  similarly for accepting women as witnesses , if only as half witnesses , or for allowing divorce , again , very limited for women , but a huge progress back then . 
  if you actually looked any of those rules , btw , you would have found that there is indeed major disagreement between different schools of law in islam on all of them . 
   i 've only claimed relative superiority of the christian scriptures , not the jewish one , the christian scripture is largely the jewish one , with the addition of new testament , and the exclusion of jewish secondary literature . 
  as a matter of fact , even then new testament does not actually grant any of the improvements made by early islamic jurisdiction . 
   the analogy is completely false and does not correspond to the present situation . 
  i claim to criticize a particular doctrine . 
  in your example , the first constitution would be a doctrine . 
  the second constitution another one . 
  but islam is much more rigid in some respect . 
  there can never be two koran . 
  ... because the original quran says so , so in my example , because the original constitution says so . 
   i believe that the only way you can get `` moderate islam '' is by ignoring a large chunk of the scriptures or finding ways to do so . 
  but this implicitly recognize that the scriptures themselves are terrible . 
  indeed , and do n't see the problem here , because that is exactly what christianity and judaism have done as well , and what they can do , without you denying that they can . 
  again , what the fuck are you talking about . 
  how do you get the idea that i want to dismiss any form of rape as `` not that bad '' ? 
  i asked the person above to clarify their stance on the proposed reform of rape laws to define rape more broadly - a reform that i personally support and would like to see be taken even further - as to show whether they actually care about sexual violence as an issue , or whether they merely take it as a pretense to attack refugees . 
  because , as i said , what i observe is that right wingers will be deeply concerned about rape when it helps them rally against immigrants ; but will thouroughly oppose anything related to sexual violence that does not , and might even possibly affect themselves . 
  at no point does this say anything about any sort of rape `` being less bad '' . 
  it is merely meant to attack the hipocrisy at work here . 
  that is literally what i wrote above , in words that are not really that hard to understand . 
  so i really do n't understand what you keep going on about . 
  you 're right , there is a rape problem in the camps , which needs to be adressed . 
  but i do n't see what that has to do with my statement , which is that the ratio of women/children too `` just young men '' actually appears more balanced then right wingers want to make you believe . 
   and i will say it again these kind of people who do this should never have a place here not even for a day . 
  and yet you ca n't predict who will commit a rape and who will not . 
  so i really do n't see why people keep bringing this story up in the broader context of the refugee crisis , where the major question we 're discussion is sadly still not `` how should we treat the refugees ? '', 
  but `` should we even take the refugees at all ? '', 
  i we could all agree on a yes to the latter , maybe we could finally start adressing the problems of integration and camp conditions instead of always taking them as a pretense to rally against refugees in general . 
  well surprise , but you might notice that leftism kind of should take a hold because , again , you might notice that history does not look gently on the places where it has not . 
  you 're right that merkels cdu of 2015 is more liberal than , lets say , the cdu directly following ww2 . 
  but you might also notice how many of their opinions back then are considered intolerable now . 
  the fact that we suddenly consider opinions as spread by orban or le pen tolerable again should deeply concern us . 
  this is , as i said a thousand times , the ultimate irony of conservatism . 
  all throughout history it tells us `` no no no , i 'm telling you , this time we are going to far !, 
  i 'm telling you !, 
  this will lead down a slippery slope ! '', 
  every time they are proven wrong , every time they have to accept what they have refused to accept before , as to not lose the favour of the public that itself , becomes more accepting - and yet they keep insisting . 
  i mean , for their benefit , at least they admit it . 
  if you move further to the right , people just start covering their ears and sing `` lalala ca n't hear you , everything is terrible and you just refuse accepting it you 're the irrational ones , you are !, 
  i really do n't want to be all smug here , but you just completely missed the point , thereby kind of proving it . 
  let me break up my statement in the form of a classic sophism :  [ every ] movement , no matter how dumb it is , will call itself rational [ . ], 
  i every movement will call itself rational . 
  ii some movements are dumb . 
  what you conclude : `` every movement calling itself rational is dumb . '', 
  a party does n't suddenly do a 180 degree turn because of a single action they took . 
  as said , that would be like presuming bismarck was a socialist because he 's the father of universal health care in germany . 
  there 's such a thing as a party programme , and that 's very much center right . 
  even then merkels policy are , in a way , very much center right , in that she has let in refugees to satisfy the more empathetic part of her party ; but now pushes strict programs to satisfy the right wing , and in that she hesitates to actually give the states the resources to handle the refugees , again , to satisfy the `` muh taxes '' crowd . 
  if we had an actual left-leaning government , things would probably be much better , because they 'd hopefully quickly give the states the support they need , instead of constantly trying to cater to both sides without comitting to anything like merkel .
