  reliability means that when a regime collapses , the west will back the party they believe will bring stability or even just has the highest chance to succeed . 
  that 's how we got iran . 
  western leaders did n't even bother looking up what chomeini stood for , they just saw that he was very successful at what he did . 
  then there 's public opinion . 
  backing a tyrant will already be controversial in itself . 
  fighting the people who rebel against the tyrant as long as they appear ever so slightly reasonable would be utter insanity . 
  the us is on good terms with egypt and saudi arabia right now , and will probably make no attempt to change any of that , but if a democratic rebellion breaks out in those countries , they 'd obviously help the rebels . 
  that is n't really a contradiction . 
  that is an issue of how we treat education and parents rights in general . 
  i firmly believe that we need a strong state run education system , where attendance is always mandatory - no exceptions for personal beliefs - and kids are taught a broad range of things . 
  and we need to give kids the opportunity to choose their religion on their own accord when they 're mature enough for it . 
  that 's why i for example think that certain religious practices should be banned for kids - wearing of the hijab , ritual circumcision , purity pledges , etc. 
  but as said , i 'm fine with adults doing it . 
  i would n't even ban the same religious symbols if they 're teachers because , as i said , kids should get a broad view of life . 
  i heard it was actually only temporary chat bans for spamming adverts for cheap delousing solutions . 
  they all quit by their own will then because they fell ill with typhus . 
  and then the soviets shot them . 
  wait , what were we talking about again ? 
  `` you 're falling for propaganda . '', 
  `` it 's not propaganda , because it 's true . '', 
  nice to have had that discussion with you , very productive . 
  as said , i agree , it is not really an argument for islam this day . 
  i 'm just annoyed that it has evidently become chic to constantly declare islam the worst thing ever for cheap internet points with no regard for history at all . 
  it is accurate . 
  especially for the arabian peninsula at that time , but also to some extent for europe , islam had the upper hand when it came to womens rights . 
  that their idea of `` equality '' was far from what we consider equality today and that it looks different in the present is another story . 
  er , really , why not . 
  she seems to have a found a healthy enough interpretation of islam that works for herself . 
  why stop her ? 
  jews got their own special region ingame , but only after 6 million accounts got banned for no reason at all . 
  breivik bought his fertilizer online , in a polish shop , and his name was actually passed along to norwegian security service on a list with a few dozen others . 
  i do n't know whether that was some special deal , or due to polish or norwegian law . 
  that is one of the many examples that shows us why government surveillance is actually really , really hard . 
  many terrorists and spree killers get on some kind of list well before their attacks . 
  but because there is no conclusive proof that they might be about to commit an attack , they slip under the radar . 
  that might be because even cameron 's supporters thought `` yeah , you know , that actually sounds quite probable . 
  i mean , he looks like he 'd do it . 
  i think i just really do n't care about it anymore . 
  dude could have married that pig . 
  i 'd still vote for him . '', 
   the only faction that could challenge the military are the islamists and i do hope we have learned by now not to back these nutcases , no matter what promises they give us . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm talking about . 
  `` oh look , the only possible alternative are those guys !, 
  we have no choice but to violate human rights ourselves ! '', 
  seriously , i find the lack of critical thought given to the propaganda and rhetoric of despotic regimes to be quite concerning . 
  and the very same thing is happening in europe right now . 
  `` oh look at the danger posed by islamists . 
  the only option is voting for these people . 
  i know they oppose the values we allegedly want to defend , but the only other option are the islamists , so it 's the lesser evil . 
  people from authoritarian states with a strong propaganda machine voicing support of their country ? 
  no way !, 
  there 's also north koreans loyal to their government , but it does n't make the country any less of a shithole . 
  that actually surprises me because in german , word order can also completely change the meaning . 
  is it different in polish ? 
  i 've always heard that it is a very complicated language as well . 
  indeed , and the west happily buys it . 
  look at the filthy savages , they need a strong hand to guide them , so it 's fine that we support middle eastern dictators . 
  the point is that the people saying that are n't just acknowledging the - true - fact there are differences . 
  they 're implying that those differences will always be there , that they 're inevitabe , and thus justify the actions committed by the regime . 
  as a non-native speaker you can never stop doing that , actually . 
  i always just think `` why would they call themselves that when , you know , it means what it means '' . 
  i think of it as a more classy germany . 
  like somewhat feeling like a leftover from another time , but in positive , very cultured way . 
  austria is what we 'd want bavaria to be . 
  mostly yes , but there are a few stereotypically german things that hail from elsewhere . 
  pickelhauben , for example , and german order and punctuality originate in stereotypes of what prussia was like . 
  why ? 
  they want help , they can get our help . 
  that 's basic human decency . 
  why make assholish behavior the state policy on purpose ? 
  i would n't want to live in a country that does that . 
  that does n't solve the problem , that avoids it . 
  and that is the worst possible thing one can do . 
  no , that 's why i said i do n't believe that the cartoon was meant to be racist just that , from my impression , the execution was done badly . 
  is it somehow lost in translation ? 
  how would you translate it to stay closest to the original meaning ? 
  is there any untranslateable sarcasm in there ? 
  does it somehow relate to the article above it ? 
  i 've seen that interpretation in the article , and i think that 's what they wanted to get through , it but i do n't know , it feels like the , i do n't know how to say it best , the contradiction that defines satire is n't there . 
  the subversive part that makes you think . 
  and that makes it hard to understand . 
  with the macdonalds cartoon , the macabre aspect was obvious - there 's the dead boy and then , as a contrast , this symbol of consumerism . 
  this just seems so straightforward . 
  it 's interesting because it mirrors the whole picture of those so perfectly . 
  the stereotypical german is imagined to be bavarian ; the stereotypical american is imagined to be texan . 
  so through saying that bavaria is the us of germany , one basically takes that idea that all americans are like texans . 
  ( wherein `` texas '' is of course a stereotype in itself ) it is great for thinking about national identities and stereotypes in general . 
  because basically , every idea of a national identity is just a stereotype of how people are . 
  and when you dig deeper , there is just another stereotype , to the point where it becomes questionable whether there is even such a thing as the `` true essence '' ; or whether it is an endless replication of stereotypes . 
  no , then i would still be an asshole for judging all red haired dudes on account of the actions of a few . 
  i do not know why some people insist so hard on their right to be bigoted . 
  yes , but if , say a red haired dude attacks me , i do n't develop an intense heat for gingers either ( at least when i 'm a decent person ) . 
  i agree that it is not an exact quid pro quo , but bad acts commited against you do not justify bad acts commited by you even if they 're smaller . 
  bavaria : the america of germany . 
  that is not a compliment . 
   then you annalogue is just wrong , you are equitating an attack as this valid just because your fiffys are hurt ? 
  and you do not see the level of disproportion ? 
  maybe try again with an understandable post . 
  because other people mistreating you does not justify mistreating them . 
  when the nazis invaded the soviet union , they raped women and killed civilians .
