  do refugees get free health insurance though or do they solely benefit from emergency services ? 
  sorry , i 'm really not all that well versed in dutch politics . 
  [ the netherlands has had 25,000 refugees this year , 8,000 of them due to family reunification . 
  ] ( http://www.dutchnews.nl/news/archives/2015/09/some-25000-refugees-reached-the-netherlands-so-far-this-year/ ) that 's slightly less than 900 thousand . 
  i know , but the comparison is stupid nonetheless . 
  so to sum it up , the headline is petty clickbait and they have legitimate complaints about not wanting to freeze to death in unheated tents in winter ; adequate food and a bit of privacy . 
  on / r/europe this if of course perceived as the pinnacle of entitlement because as we all know , the people here are all redditing from wet carboard boxes in the streets . 
   when my grandpa talks about wwii he often mentions how rat meat was a titbit . 
  and really , how can we expect a country that is not at war to offer anything better than rat meat . 
   and how do you do that when you do n't know the country , can not walk much , do n't speak the language , do n't know how a modern country works , do n't know what a physic therapist is ( maybe ) . 
  and , not to mention , i do n't know how the dutch laws are , but at least in german , refugees ca n't even go to the doctor by themselves . 
  they first have to visit the registration office , which gives them a permit , but only for `` emergencies '' . 
   nope , actually , if my country suffered some kind of disaster and a random richer nation halfway across the planet with a totally different culture took me in , i would not get pissed off and as we all know `` what i 'd totally due if the situation arises '' statements are never wrong . 
   keep rationalising it though , you 're gon na need those powers of rationalisation once the refugees are settled into permanent accommodation and the rate of sexual assaults in your country begins to magically rise with `` no apparent cause '' just like in sweden . 
  do you support the currently suspended reform of the german penal code to include a broader definition of rape ? 
  good luck explaining to your insurance that locking the door would have been pointless . 
  ( also , are you suggesting that in villages , every house is literally hundreds of meters away from every other house ? 
  seriously ? ), 
  whether a party is conservative or not is not determined by how it fares compared to others though . 
  as someone else has pointed out , if our parliament consisted of the left , the kpd and the mlpd , the left would n't suddenly become a far right party . 
  ... i feel like we 're not discussing the same source here . 
  would you mind linking the site where you have read/heard this ? 
   the people at the pegida rallies ? 
  a ton of them are left voters . 
  studies suggest that the majority are non-voters , afd-voters and npd voters . 
  that does n't actually leave much space for that `` ton '' of left voters , it 's not even clear how many of them would still vote for the left . 
  so a reactionaries wet , bullshitty dream ? 
  i grew up in a rural area myself . 
  of course we locked our doors . 
  it might work in really , really , really small , isolated villages , but the one in the article has 100 inhabitants . 
  that is already too much to know everybody well enough to leave your door unlocked ; and the people likely mostly commute to a city nearby for work ( l\u00fcneburg is only a few kilometers away ) , so they are even less likely to leave their doors unlocked . 
  because , again , bigotry does n't need to be a full package , and you do n't `` outweigh '' one form of bigotry by being non-bigoted in another area . 
  ( even in one area , bigotry can appear in many forms , as your example shows . 
  for example , supporting gay marriage does n't automatically make you non-bigoted against gays . 
  you could very well support gay marriage but at the same time oppose their right to adopt kids , or complain about `` gay propaganda '' . ), 
  it just often happens that when people start to open the package , they end up taking out more and more and thus radicalize . 
   people have realized that they arent actually nazis just because you call them that , and as a result they stopped giving a shit . 
  ... or you know , we could acknowledge the historical fact that post-ww2 germany 's political and adminstrative structures where still heavily influenced by former nazis and nazi sympathizers , which is the fucking reason why there was a process called `` denazification '' . 
  seriously , this whole reactionary attempt to pretend that from one day to another , everyone suddenly became a perfect democrat when they were happily hailing a genocidal dictator the day before is really , really stupid . 
   germans were also the people that rebuilt your country after the war , what was that about the wirtschaftswunder again ? 
  so what ? 
  of course the germans rebuilt the country , like , what the fuck were they supposed to do , sit on their bums and live in ruins ? 
  the wirtschaftswunder was caused by a multitude of factors , none of them being some weird `` german values '' , as every economist will tell you . 
   its a culture of resepct and one of work , its a culture of getting shit done . 
  and that 's the entire fucking problem of the `` culture '' concept . 
  so german culture is supposedly one of `` getting shit done '' . 
  is this unique to german culture ? 
  well , then that already softens the whole distinctive culture concept , does n't it . 
  but even then , there can only be a culture , or multiple cultures , `` getting shit done '' wheren there are also supposedly cultures not getting shit done . 
  the insistence on `` culture '' is just a transformed form of racism . 
  instead of having inferior races , we have inferior cultures . 
  this is why we increasingly see our `` culture '' defined as stuff like following human rights , equality , and so on and so forth . 
  we try to declare that those are n't universal concepts , but cultural ones . 
   there is much to admire about that , wether you like it or not . 
  the more i read about it , the more i want to see the whole fucking thing destroyed . 
  and i have given you something to look up so that you may see what i mean , so how about doing that . 
   it 's the domain of racists to express displeasure with merkel for letting in what is estimated to be in excess of one and a half million people from across the me and africa in one year without first putting in place an effective system for handling such an amount ? 
  really ? 
  that 's not what we 're talking about though , because it is part of what i already said is common left-wing criticism , that we do n't sufficiently care for the refugees . 
  those are n't the people marching with pegida , those are n't the people voting for afd . 
  if you in any way criticize merkel for letting in refugees in general , and not for how she handles the the whole crisis then yes , you 're very likely a racist . 
  i think you missed my point . 
  i disagreed with you on cdu not being `` conservative/right at all '' . 
  it would be so fucking hilarious , if unsettling , to see refugees organizing pegida-like marches without understanding what they 're doing . 
  `` we heard this is german culture !, 
  so we adapt !, 
  we love germany !, 
  are we doing this right ? '', 
  it does n't matter whether it is actually possible to treat them better under the current circumstances . 
  people will not suffer bad conditions silently , whether they are refugees or not . 
  trying to twist this into `` oh no the immigrants are misbehaving '' is stupid , because everyone would act that way . 
  you 're not `` a socialist '' , you 're the sum of all your views , and accordingly , your views can still be progressive or conservative . 
  just because you consider yourself a socialist does not mean that every view of yours is socialist by itself . 
  as people like to say , politics are harder than left vs. right . 
  they are just harder in a different way then they imagine . 
  no , i said that it 's the domain of racists to express displeasure with merkel for letting in refugees , and that such racists might even exist in de-facto left wing parties . 
  the other members of those parties likely dislike her for , duh , being a conservative . 
  that is n't odd , it 's logical . 
  you 're effectively asking `` why ca n't i only be bigoted against some people ? '', 
  and accordingly , if you start being bigoted against some people , it 's a very small step to be bigoted against more than only some . 
  this is the whole fucking problem with the whole `` moderate '' position . 
  there is no moderate position . 
  you have literally accused someone of `` over-generalization '' for calling nazis as what they are . 
  i do n't see how i 'm putting words in your mouth by pointing that out . 
   if there 's no risk of crime why worry about it ? 
  sure . 
  immigrants literally invented crime . 
  anything else ? 
  we handle those people like shit , then they get angry !, 
  what an inferior culture !, 
  a good german would happily and silently freeze to death for his glorious nation . 
   merkel 's cdu/csu is the most conservative/right party in the parliament and it 's not really conservative/right at all . 
  of course they are . 
  the fact that they could be infinitely worse does n't make them good . 
   and imagine if there 's any isis there . 
  then what ? 
   they will be forced to look at what the germans are doing because there is nothing else to do . 
  and what are we supposedly doing ? 
   also it 's easy saying our culture is n't important , but that culture is what made germany to germany . 
  lets look what germany was during the last few hundred years : a bunch of feudal states !,
