  they 're directly endangering other people in sweden . 
  the same thing applies to native rapists etc. 
  what is this even supposed to mean ? 
  you lose your job , you get kicked out of the country ? 
  just say something specific for once instead of beating around the bush . 
  oh , okay , ah , yes , now , i see . 
  paragon of virtue here . 
  ... ha , no , joking . 
  still an asshole . 
  but it 's funny how you assume that i only think so because you have n't posted enough quotes yet . 
  well according to a lot of people , germany is currently a failed state , so huh , maybe . 
  the more honest answer would of course be , no , the situation in germany is obviously different from how it is in afghanistan and everybody knows it . 
   ok read this and call me an asshole again still an asshole dude . 
  with the whole insistence on not being one , maybe even more so . 
   it 's a dangerous world out there well , there you have it . 
   after reading this , i wont care if he dies i guess some people are just fine with being total assholes . 
   so living off the hard work of others should be endorsed ? 
  where did i say that ? 
  not kicking anyone you consider non-beneficial to society out of said society is already endorsement ? 
  ... and ? 
  i mean , that is part of why i think arguing about a `` benefit to society '' is in itself dumb , but i would have at least assumed that you speak about how people can benefit society . 
  not that they have to , just to justifiy their continued existence or presence in the country . 
  well , and immigrants can pay taxes and provide services too . 
  so if we really want to find any `` benefit for society '' , that would probably be it . 
   that 's really dumb approach to problem . 
  which approach ? 
  considering how murky it is these days what `` mass immigration '' is and who supports it , no , not really . 
  i do n't know , it 's a strange question . 
  what benefit do you or me serve to society ? 
  oh come on , stop nitpicking , as if broadly labeling people and their ideas as responsible and irresponsible was n't black and white thinking as well . 
   why are there even asylum-seekers from afghanistan ? 
  why are there european troops in afghanistan ? 
   do you think that sweden made a good choice by letting all these immigrants into their country ? 
  i actually do . 
   you 'll just have to accept that the sub is full of teens and young adults who think they have a clue about what they 're talking about . 
  i mean , i would honestly be happier if it was just old people . 
  that would be fine . 
  the fact that this bullshit survives in younger generation , i find that deeply concerning . 
   and defending it is extremely irresponsible . 
  ` everyone who disagrees with me must be dumb . ', 
   why would you get a second chance why should anyone get a second chance ? 
  i think every crime should carry the death penalty . 
   if that 's the case , you ca n't expect average people to know the law . 
  sure , but i 'm not speaking about the full extent and details of the law . 
  i 'm speaking about general principles , which the whole `` we should reinstate capital punishment '' / `` everyone should be deported '' crowd in this thread seem to either do n't know of or purposefully ignore . 
  then i do n't see how this decision is putting foreigners above their `` own people '' . 
  yeah , probably , but the point here still stands , it 's rather embarassing that europeans do n't even know their own laws . 
  how so ? 
  would a native swede have been deported ? 
  nobody here cares , they just want to see blood . 
  sure , according to `` reddit '' . 
  which is why this whole thread consists of `` too liberal '' stuff and not people complaining about what they consider `` too liberal '' . 
   refugees/migrants know our laws better than we do which is really embarassing for europeans , to be honest . 
  this is stupid , either they had reason to get asylum , then that still aplies ; or they did not . 
  there should be no `` outweighing '' here . 
  please tell me you do n't actually believe that nobody ever had a response to that . 
  oh no a no fly zone it 's sender gleiwitz all over again, 
  sure , but people do n't have to understand it all by themselves . 
  it 's not like there are n't economists that can tell you how realistic trumps plans are , and who have done so quite prominently before the election . 
  but that 's where the whole `` the people do n't want experts anymore mentality '' already known from brexit comes in . 
  no , i am not a doctor . 
  but if a doctor tells me , hey , you have cancer , here 's what we 're gon na do , i trust them . 
  maybe i 'll get a second opinion . 
  but i do n't go around yelling `` big pharma is lying cancer can be healed through drinking pig urine every day wake up sheeple '' . 
  again , that 's what idiots do . 
  he was describing the mentality , but i see no indication in the post of any disproval of it . 
  oh , i 'm intrigued , tell me , what is causing wwiii these days ? 
  i heard `` gay marriage '' and `` german reunification '' before , so i hope the new one is a good one !, 
   ca n't someone just convince them that de gaulle `` saved '' the french people by letting algeria go ? 
  you assume rationality in people whose very business is irrationality . 
  on a simpler note , the `` they would have become french citizens '' probably would n't be so obvious for those guys as you imagine it to be . 
   ( since they have families they ca n't just take a year or two off to retrain and let them starve ) they can , with the help of the welfare state . 
  but oh no , that would be socialism !, 
  the american dream : dying in a ditch , but at least the guy over in that mansion did n't have to pay taxes !, 
   even if you accept the jobs are n't coming back , why would someone in that scenario vote for a candidate/party or system which did n't even attempt to retain those jobs in the first place you 're basically telling us that it is more rational to vote for a guy insisting he can turn water into wine than the one who tells you that nobody can turn water into wine . 
  it is certainly understandable , people like big promises , but it is n't rational . 
  it 's what a total idiot would do . 
   what comfortable well-off prosecco socialists who live in paris , london , d.c. will never realise is so what about the people who are not well-off and do n't vote for fn/trump/brexit nonetheless ? 
  are they idiots ? 
  the answer is no . 
  that should be the most basic lesson we should get from the weimar republic . 
  i mean , it was n't even meant to offend anybody , i really just wanted to know what the story said , since everybody here seemed like they had read it . 
  but i saw no translation , so i felt like i missed something . 
  ... so , you know , any sort of translation or summary ? 
  it 's a common feature of the german mindset , once people approve of something , they assume the question is solved and needs not to be minded any further . 
  seriously , that is the actual rationalization people have given in polls : they approve of gay marriage , but they consider it a very low priority issue because there 's already so much acceptance for homosexuals . 
  oh , and there 's the obvious problem that while approval for gay marriage is high , the approval for gay couples being granted the right to adopt kids is significantly lower . 
  and that 's what i mean . 
  people can effectively still live under a rock when it comes to information diversity even when they would have the theoretical opportunity to access the greatest collection of human knowledge that ever existed . 
  that 's what we talk about when we talk about filter bubbles and fake news . 
  i could just as well ask , how can people become anti-vaxxers . 
  but the spread of that bullshit was n't hindered by the internet , it was enabled by it . 
  it works the same with isis . 
   it 's hard to believe , it seems on the contrary that there 's a ton of information about it . 
  welcome to the world we live in , where even in an age of permanently being online , people can still effectively live under a rock . 
  sure , but the way it looks right now , we have data for scotland and northern ireland , but not for great britain as a whole , which makes it entirely unclear whether scotland and ireland have a higher percentage than any of the surrounding areas . 
  or for italy , yet for none of the surrounding countries , which likely have similar rates . 
  i also do n't really know what the `` no data '' is based upon , because i can for example easily find data about germany on wikipedia , putting the percentage at 1,5 % across the whole country , making it the third largest christian confession , which would already be light red . 
  oh , it has . 
  in specific circles .
