  when radical muslims protest against something or for something , everyone will report on it . 
  of course , not about every shitstorm in a comment section , but you will notice that you do n't see that for anyone else either . 
  fact is though that overall , of course , we will see far more news about established institutions than about a largely disjointed , unorganized muslim population . 
  the biggest german party blocking gay marriage is newsworthy . 
  christian hospitals denying the prescription of the morning after pill is newsworthy . 
  hell , every bigoted tweet by some low-ranking politician is more newsworthy than `` immigrant with no political or social rlevance might be bigot '' . 
  you do n't expect the newspaper to do a daily run down of stupid things people said while drunk the night before . 
  i 'm somewhat surprised that it 's comparatively well written ; i 've once read that scam mails are purposefully written badly so that only the greatest idiots reply , making it easier for the scammers to concentrate on those than on slightly more intelligent people who would spot the scam later , wasting their time . 
   take syria and sweden for example . 
  first is a broken state second is very pro immigration developed country . 
  in syria lives/lived 17mln people in sweden 9 . 
  do you think that relocating all syrians to sweden would improve syrians situation ? 
  do you think sweden could handle it ? 
  why would sweden take every single refugee . 
  there are dozens of countries that could easily share them . 
  it would not be a long term solution , syria will eventually need to be rebuilt , but as you might have noticed , western countries seem to be have not intention of meaningfully intervening in syria . 
  honestly , i 'm so fucking disgusted by this western isolationism . 
  first we create problems in the middle east , then we stand besides and act like it is n't our problem ; refusing both to intervene nor to take in refugees . 
   it works with small numbers or very thought through program . 
  in 2014 , we had 150k applications for asylum in all of europe , which could potentially be divided inbetween all european countries ( yet as we know , many countries refused to do so ) . 
  there is a total of half a billion people in the european union . 
  if that is n't small , i do n't know what is . 
   us for example is still struggling with minority integration and they have longer experience than europe on that . 
  ... that could possibly be because the majority of the history of minorities in the us was defined by slavery and genocide first , and then legal discrimination up until the last century . 
  i dare to make the bold claim that we do n't have to go through all that here ; we can start at what any reasonable person would expect from a nation in the 21st century . 
   this leads to far right popularity . 
  far right popularity always rises when society gets more progressive because the former moderately opposed people will be increasingly pushed towards the right . 
  it 's a natural , if dangerous aspect of a progressive society . 
  the only solution to far right popularity would be giving in to their demands , and this is not an option . 
   but they are born there . 
  they might decide to live there until they have enough resources to move else where . 
  not contributing to their state at all . 
  ah , the old `` they should stay there and help rebuild '' argument . 
  awfully easy to make when you have never lived in a failed state or a warzone , is n't it . 
   oh i missed your stats . 
  where are there exactly ? 
  look above . 
   this is a fact and it is not negotiable . 
  wrongly done integration will spur hatred . 
  indeed , but that does n't justify hatred . 
  if you react to failed integration with hatred , you 're unfit to participate in a democratic society . 
  ( mind that that does n't mean that integration should n't happen ; it should . 
  in fact , one the major problems right now that programs for refugee treatment explicitly say that they should not be integrated ... because that makes it easier to justify sending them back . 
  changing that would be an important step . 
  apart from that , i find it a very dishonest argument . 
  right wingers do n't complain about a lack of integration , they believe that refugees are a danger/useless/etc . 
  no matter whether one attempts to integrate them or not . 
  in fact , they often enough believe that integration is downright impossible ; or make ridiculous demands for what is needed to be considered integrated . 
  judeo christian culture and all that shit , you know . ), 
  yes , i personally do n't think that much more can be done to prevent access in guns in germany either i just wanted to point out that if you go the `` give people guns so they can protect against people with guns '' route , you 're creating a very harmful culture , not solving the problem at all . 
  luckily , we do n't have this kind of culture ( yet ) . 
  so we certainly should n't push it by going the `` more guns '' route . 
   one can for example live in broken state , abuse it 's power , avoid taxes only to move in latter stage to stable country and enjoy what rest of the society build . 
  yes , but people are n't moving to broken states , they 're moving from broken states ... because living in a broken state is shitty and dangerous . 
   i met zero nazists in my whole life and had zero problems because of them . 
  that is , indeed , a much stronger argument than statistics will ever be . 
   lack of integration also fuels far right ... 
  this is one of the most cowardly arguments i have ever heard . 
  hate is a crime . 
  `` the immigrants are n't integrated '' does n't excuse you from associating with the vilest assholes imaginable . 
   now i move from country b and from day 1 i ask for access to all those resources that you build and paid for . 
  do you think it is ok ? 
  yes , of course . 
  i , after all , have immediately benefited from all the things paid and build by people who were already alive . 
  i have benefited from those without yet having contributed to society - and in fact , did not do so for over 20 years . 
  similarly , you as an immigrant will eventually pay taxes and help build more infrastructure . 
  edit :  and to be frank , how many nazis we have in europe ? 
  because each year we get hundred of thousands of people from the middle east . 
  how many nazis we get each year ? 
  in germany , there are about 20k people directly belonging to right-wing-extremist organizations . 
  about half of those are considered to be actively violent . 
  they commit the majority of political crimes . 
  about 5,6 % of the population have a clear right-extremist worldview ; every fifth is hostile towards foreigners in general ; every second to three in four is hostile towards refugees , roma and/or muslims . 
  germany is considered to present the average in europe as a whole . 
  eastern european countries are generally more hostile . 
  some other stats for europe as a whole : 50 % of europeans think there are too many immigrants . 
  25 % think that jews have major influence on their countries politics . 
  55 % think that islam is inherently intolerant . 
  33 % believe in `` a natural hierarchy between blacks and whites '' . 
  60 % support traditional gender roles . 
  40 % oppose equal rights for lesbians and gays and consider homosexuality to be immoral . 
  so the protest itself , yes , that is a xenophobic , and should appear as such in the statistic . 
  by extent , of course , financing xenophobia means supporting xenophobia . 
  so it should also appear in some sort of statistic , but probably not this one . 
  they are called citizenship . 
  there are rules that regulates that . 
  yes , and citizenship itself is a dumb concept . 
  a law that can apply to someone born in the country should apply to anyone living in the country . 
   perhaps right wing are biggest threat to democracy now . 
  but it has nothing to do with threat to common people or to their values that uncontrolled immigration brings even using the word `` values '' makes you sound like an octogenarian telling the kids to get off his lawn . 
  ( not to mention that `` common people '' are at danger of getting violated by nazis as well . 
  honestly , if you 're absolutely sure `` well , nazis sure would n't beat me up ! '', 
  i would reflect why you they seem to like you so much . ), 
   because you are granted some laws by birth . 
  yes , they are called human rights , and they apply to everyone . 
  i do n't see what point you 're trying to make . 
   i was not talking about democracy at all . 
  indeed . 
  your point ? 
   you chose russia not me .
