  the government effectively puts them in a bunch of homes , then tells them , you ca n't travel , you ca n't work , your kids ca n't go to school or kindergarten , you do n't get language courses , here 's your money , bye . 
  i do n't know whether it 's similar in sweden but from that dudes description it seems to be . 
  the us is also one of the best proofs that even countries with `` western values '' can be deeply backwards . 
  hell , lets be honest , most european countries are hardly heavens of progressivism . 
  the biggest danger to progressivism in the western world are the very people currently garnering support for their anti-immigration stance . 
  oh no , will we lose the cherished german tradition of having drunk idiots in dumb clothes barfing on the street ? 
  the refugees truly are destroying the culture that has made our nation so great . 
  mistreatment and insufficient help in eastern european refugee camps is well reported . 
  i would n't want to be a refugee in such a country , so how am i supposed to criticize anyone else for not wanting to be there . 
  okay . 
  so the refugees are supposed to wait for a couple of weeks until a person of authority shows up . 
  their kids are supposed to , i do n't know , sit around and twiddle their thumbs because nobody has told them whether there is a school , or whether there is the possibility of going to that school , or if that possibility exists , how to apply for it . 
  essentially , they 're supposed to sit around for a few weeks and do nothing . 
  i seriously do n't know where this whole `` they do n't get to complain '' mentality comes from . 
  hell , everyone gets to complain . 
  if they did n't , we 'd still put our prisoners in holes in the ground and occasionally drop some water and bread down there . 
  they 're just criminals after all !, 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i really , really respect sweden for doing anything in the first place , instead of being a total dick like it is evidently fashionable in the rest of europe right now . 
  i understand that it is hard to care for the flood of refugees , and that some shortcomings are inevitable . 
  but this whole `` you do n't get to complain '' attitude is fucking stupid . 
  if everyone was always content with whatever they had , we 'd still live in huts made of mud . 
  okay . 
  so the refugees are going to the countries because those are the ones that have not told them to fuck off . 
  i would n't call that entitlement , but being realistic . 
  they have gotten the signal that no other countries want to accept them , so they want to go where they have a realistic chance of getting accepted . 
  maybe stop getting your political education from reddit . 
  `` one law is the same as the other '' . 
  you ca n't make this shit up . 
  no , i just find his complaints to be entirely appropriate . 
  they 're stuck in the middle of fucking nowhere and have n't even yet be able to speak to any authority . 
  i 'd be furious too . 
   german government 's ideology is conservative islamic communism . 
  hahahahaha oh my fucking god i ca n't believe this shit please stop hahahahahahaha conservative islamic communism . 
  genius . 
  you ca n't make this stuff up . 
  a law does n't justify itself . 
  are you seriously comparing freedom of movement to killing people . 
  so schools , shops , hospitals ? 
  wanting basic infrastructure is entitlement ? 
  so what ? 
  eu citizens and people with visas roaming freely is not dangerous , but a few refugees doing so is the end of the eu ? 
  according to that article , germany is only rank 11 out of 51 . 
  yet it gets the most refugees . 
  so there must be another reason besides gni alone . 
  what do you think this reason is ? 
  that does n't say how it is entitled . 
  apart from that , at least inside the eu , free roaming was already possible due to schengen anyway . 
  why do you think that they do n't want to be in any other country than germany/sweden ? 
  how is wanting to be let over the border entitled by itself ? 
  which gets truly idiotic with the whole `` oh no the german government is so radically leftist right now '' . 
  are you fucking kidding me . 
  it 's as conservative as it gets . 
  that 's why it is exploiting poorer countries like romania in the first place . 
  if this government pushed any further to the right , it would n't suddenly start loving eastern europeans . 
  all the eastern european redditors applauding every bigot in germany who thinks that all muslims are terrorists are conveniently ignoring that the same bigot also thinks that all poles steal cars , czechs sell meth and hungarians are unemployed thugs . . 
  there are really only two options . 
  either a nationalist-conservative government , fucking over the refugees and the rest of europe . 
  or a progressive-leftist government helping both the refugees and the rest of europe . 
  there is no party that hates muslims but loves the eu . 
  can you cite examples of what they feel entitled to ? 
  and as people have said countless times , that clear and consistent standard might be clear and consistent , but it does n't work . 
  meaning that it has to be adjusted . 
   yes . 
  it 's possible ukranians flee for war and violence to poland , it 's not possible for syrians , eritreans , libyans , sudanese , ivorians , nigerians , somali 's , yemenites , pakistani 's , indians , afghans , iraqi 's , etc. 
  to flee for war and violence to poland . 
  ukrainians could also flee to another part of ukraine , why do n't they just do that ? 
  only a tiny part of ukraine is at war . 
  clearly , if they go to poland , they are just economic immigrants . 
  tl ; dr : the muslims, 
  nonsense , at least when you look at unrestricted full time jobs . 
  right now , only about 40 % of the total population have one ; when looking at people below 30 , a mere fourth have one - and that has been the case for over 20 years . 
  with low-qualified workers , it 's even less . 
  typical welt headline . 
  they got a bunch of people saying perfectly reasonable things in the video , then they take the one naive quote . 
  sure . 
  the suebians were absolutely peace loving . 
  just settling there and people started being total bros. 
  anything else ? 
  it 's also strange how you literally say that what the romans did was okay because `` you owe them everything '' but you purposefully ignore that al-andalus became a center of scientific , artistic and cultural advance and religious freedom ; while the reconquista was directly followed by the spanish inquisition - who would have expected that . 
  maybe go back to / r/atheism and continue jerking off one another instead of trying to continue this laughably bad argument . 
  sure . 
  it 's just political correctness gone mad that you ca n't call an entire religion , and specifically that religion , at that , a bunch of savages . 
  i mean , it 's hardly arguable that due to the migration period , there was a huge amount of intermixing all across europe , making it even more pointless to argue about genetic diversity then before . 
  but that does n't make the vandals and suebians who build their kingdoms on the iberian peninsula any more `` native '' then the muslims . 
  it 's strange how obsessed people can get with the whole `` origin '' of `` their people '' when the entirety of human history just represents migration , then isolation , and then migration and intermixing again . 
  again , i do hope that / r/europe will from now on report on any kind of violent conflict between a bunch of people in germany . 
  it 's just great that you 're all so terribly concerned with absolutely everything happening in germany right now . 
  i can give you dozens of articles on what the local hare breeders club is up to right now . 
  it 's fascinating . 
  sure thing bra . 
  the germans were native to portugal . 
  anything else ? 
  yes , and one of those ideologies incompatible with a tolerant society is islamophobia . 
  then maybe you might see why people would not want to listen to advice from someone who literally advocates what you just did . 
   is that they profess to the same beliefs that inspire isis to commit atrocities on a daily basis . 
  what `` same beliefs '' . 
  by that logic , 87,5 % of poles are pedophiles . 
  a murder who has not yet committed a murder . 
  and a pedophile who has not yet raped a child .
