   because she already said that this is a topic that where there would be a change after the elections . 
  that does n't change the fact that she personally is against gay marriage and so is a major part of her party , and that makes her conservative . 
   this is visible if you look at the csu , who is much more like the cdu was in the past . 
  the csu never was changed by merkel . 
  is the csu ultra-nationalist ? 
  the csu was always more to the right than it 's mother party , even under adenauer . 
  and i somehow doubt that anyone would accuse adenauer of not being a true conservative . 
  again , `` there is someone further to the right '' is n't an argument for cdu not being conservative . 
   she just does whats opportune to do in every situation . 
  prolong the time the nuclear power plants run , reduce it again after fukushima . 
  its all the same to her , she just does what keeps her in power . 
  the greens were polling in the 20s after fukushima , that is the reason why she changed course so quickly . 
  nothing else . 
  yes , but that is the point , she changed course . 
  why should we , with the logic of `` merkel is not truly anti nuclear power ; she just changed her stance for political gain '' , which i agree with , say that she is not truly anti gay marriage , a position she has always held ? 
   thats not how this works . 
  indeed , but it is one sign that merkel is not a leftist . 
  you said she and the cdu as a whole are neither progressive nor conservative , but that 's just a cheap answer . 
  what is so implausible about the idea that a party founded as a conservative one , pushing policies considered conservative in germany is not a conservative party just because there are some crazy ultra-nationalist idiots who call themselves conservative too , maybe even in entirely different countries ? 
   its just a show for the actual conservative parts of her party . 
  i do not doubt that merkel personally disagrees with gay marriage . 
  why should i ? 
  why do we consider it more plausible like merkel is somehow a progressive infiltrator who managed to get to the top of germanys leading conservative party ; instead of accepting the way simpler answer that she 's a conservative who is also a pragmatist and appears as a liberal only because most points of comparison for what `` conservative '' means are just so much more extreme ? 
   i don \u00b4 t see at all how her direction in the refugee crisis was at all lined up with conservatism . 
  well , all the parties to the left of her - so all the parties , since again , cdu/csu are the parties most to the right in parliament - criticized her for it , so in the presence of alternatives on the left , i have to assume that her course is a conservative one . 
  even if there are alternatives even further to the right . 
   neo-liberal economic policies are not conservative in nature . 
  they are liberal . 
  ... since neo-liberalism is the dominant economic policy across the world these days : what would be the conservative alternative ? 
   where has she ever fiercely defended the conservative positions of her party ? 
  ... her opposition to gay marriage that we see here ? 
  her direction in the refugee crisis ? 
  and as you said , neo-liberalism , since most political issues adressed under merkel where of economic nature - which is maybe her greatest conservative accomplishment all by itself . 
  only in western germany . 
  merkel is from eastern germany . 
  ... cdu is not a catholic party . 
  csu , maybe a bit , but cdu was explicitly founded as a cross-confessional party , in sharp contrast to the older zentrum party , which was a catholic party . 
   she isn \u00b4 t really a conservative . 
  exactly how is she not ? 
  it 's amazing to see people who only now suddenly notice that merkel is a conservative . 
  justs shows us how much the refugee crisis has moved the political consensus to the right when someone like merkel can be considered a liberal icon . 
  it would be nice if this led to more people who are anti-refugee or think trump is a great president to reconsider `` exactly how far to the right am i ? '', 
  it obviously wo n't , because that would require self-awareness . 
  there were concerns , yes . 
  that does not explain how trumps proposal is supposed to be superior ; which i asked you to do . 
  you 're just uncritically repeating the idea that catholic church doctrine has never changed because it is supposed to never change ; without adressing the very simple fact that most third party historians agree that church doctrine on many issues has changed over the years . 
  she is quite clearly homophobic , yes . 
  that 's a formality , in the same way that the us constitution adds new amendments to repeal older ones . 
   teachings ca n't be changed in the catholic church so i 'm not sure which church ( es ) you 're referring to . 
  well obviously , first , all the other denominations that are not the catholic one , and second , why do you think catholic teachings ca n't be changed ? 
  what do you think papal decrees and ecumenical councils are for ? 
   please do tell me how interracial marriage violates the thousand-year-old teachings of your church that marriage must be consummated in an attempt to be procreative ? 
  it does n't , but that is n't the point . 
  the argument is about there being a definition of marriage , laid out by religions a long time ago , and which we , according to the argument , should n't change . 
  i have pointed out that this definition of what is acceptable in the eyes of the church was even more restrictive before interracial marriage became accepted ; and that it therefore has already been changed . 
  it is also not my church , i 'm not and have never been member of any , which brings us back to the point of , why should the church have any authority over the definition of civil marriage in a secularized state . 
   he said that he wanted to `` repel and replace '' obamacare . 
  this done because he thinks of americans first and foremost , so his intentions are good . 
  that is a complete non-sequitur unless you had bothered to point out how obamacare is currently bad for the american people ; which you have n't . 
  also , yes , we can judge how it will turn out based on the proposals alone . 
  the proposed alternative plan is n't some kind of `` people might lose healthcare '' , it is explicitly clear that they will lose healthcare . 
  so again , unless you can explain how that is somehow good for the american people ... 
  i 'm not fine with that , but as they are currently out of reach for legislation , there is n't really anything to do about that . 
  my point was that the argument does not apply because for that very reason , there are civil marriages , and we 're talking about those . 
   putting the welfare of american people above others ... which is why he is actively cutting welfare and is creating policies mostly benefitting big business ? 
   fighting against `` swamp '' ... do i even need to say anything ? 
   ending identity politics how can he simultaneously be a nationalist and anti-identity politics ? 
   you can learn more from / r/the _ donald if you want truly , if i ever want a more nuanced , positive impression of president donald trump , this is the place to find it . 
  all in all , i do n't really see what makes him third way here when half is lies and the other half is common republican talking points . 
   it is n't hateful to value an ancient institution in it 's current form and hope for it not to change . 
  except in this case , it is . 
  the exact same arguments i 'm now seeing from supposedly non-hateful people can be and have been made against interracial marriage . 
   some people think the government should n't be involved in religious marriages in any way the government is n't getting involved in religious marriages though , it 's getting involved in civil marriages - the argument quite simply does not apply . 
  tell me , why is it not . 
  exactly what are trumps values ? 
   i wanted to know how to dissent without being considered hateful to the lgbt community and i told you that it is n't possible . 
  you might express your opinion in a way that is considered barely acceptable for the moderators , but there is no way for your wording to protect you from criticism . 
  if you are fine with other people expressing their opinions as freely as you demand for yourself , why did you ask how to express them without being considered homophobic and hateful ? 
  trump would wave a giant pink dildo at a rally if someone put it in his hand . 
   if that bothers you , then it sounds like you are n't really looking for an open exchange of ideas i 'm all for an open exchange of ideas , but part of that is , in my opinion , realizing that some opinions might be shit . 
   they should be allowed to express their opinion they should , but they also asked to not be labeled as hateful or homophobic - which in my opinion is simply not possible , no matter how they say it , because it 's an inherently hateful and homophobic opinion . 
   how can i express my opinion ? 
  how about simply do n't do it . 
  the question in that case is , can equality or even just taxes truly never be good . 
  would you say that ? 
  then on to the other : when is nationalism ever good ? 
  oh , is it ? 
  why exactly ? 
  you can of course disregard academic consensus , but it makes you somewhat of an anti-intellectual . 
   can someone eli5 why it took so long or are germans just more homophobic ? 
  germans are n't necessarily more homophobic , it 's just that we have a strange mix of conservatism and apoliticism dominating german politics . 
  polls have shown that germans are overwhelmingly in favor of gay marriage while at the same time saying that they do n't consider it an important topic because so many are already in favor of it . 
  combine that with cdu dominating the coalition agreement and you end up with a country where both the parliament and the populace are in favor of gay marriage , while a minority is able to block it due to nobody caring enough to pressure them or punish them for it . 
  i think the only reason we do n't have that is because there was n't enough time yet to organize any protest . 
  it 's not like those ultra-conservative organizations would not exist , i just think they were n't yet able to mobilize . 
  looking at social media , there is definitely the usual homophobic rhetoric from the usual suspects already . 
   saying some cultures does n't get along with others is n't racist at all . 
  ... except that `` racism without race '' is a well accepted concept these days , look it up . 
  ... do you actually know any political author besides machiavelli or why do you keep citing him ? 
  [ this is you right now .
