  who is protesting salafist rallies and sometimes crashing their recruitment stations ? 
  antifa . 
  we are reading an article from one those `` lying '' german newspapers where the head editor states the very things nobody is allegedly allowed to say . 
  show me the politician or journalist who has told us that we have to respect human rights violations and illiberal tendencies of muslims . 
  please . 
  but the media calls us nazis !, 
  except it does n't . 
  the media consensus is to call pegida and similar movements `` right wing populist '' and `` national conservative '' . 
  there were major series of articles on how calling those people nazis distorts the picture . 
  there was also , up until recently , a consensus that the concerns of those `` concerned citizens '' should be taken serious and that discussions with them is to be had , that people join up with more radical movements due to feeling powerless , not due to conviction . 
  schwarzer is a second wave feminist who reddit would hate the rest of the day , but of course she 's perfectly fine when she speaks out against the evil muslims . 
  then , as i said , if you define freedom of speech like that , it is a really useless concept . 
   if you want free speech and the freedom of press and religion , you have to accept the ugly sides too . 
  no , no actually not . 
  it 's perfectly possible to censor some opinions while leaving all the others be . 
  and if you truly define free speech in such an all or nothing way , well , then free speech is not really a good concept , so there 's no point in preserving it . 
   there was no outcry when the previous government seized all the public media . 
  might do with the fact that they were in-line with what the germany wanted . 
  if there was no public outcry , maybe think about why . 
  evidently it was n't actually `` exactly like now '' . 
  i agree . 
  i waited for an argument , but then it was just `` no you see , some former colonies are rich now and some western countries that never owned colonies are too . '', 
  and evidently the fact that countries may have nationalized some part of their natural resource production means that it 's impossible that they 're still tied into exploitative economic networks . 
  i think that 's the worst part in the whole thing . 
  it basically says nothing good nor bad but by doing so , and with the `` those countries succeeded because they 're hard working and creative '' at the beginning , it makes it seem as if nothing could possibly hinder those countries from succeeding if they were n't so damn lazy . 
  no word about the exploitative practices of multinational corporations , no word about western subsidized products ruining local markets and econonomies . 
  to actually get to a point where islamist terrorism was entirely `` imported '' , we would n't just need closed borders but closed societies . 
  because , you know , convertites are a thing , and they 're actually fairly influential in the salafist scene . 
  not to mention that european muslims , which have existed for centuries , are evidently not considered `` native '' by you . 
  i would be interested to see some sources about so called feminist terrorists . 
   why , quoting an article is now against the rules of this sub , please show me where the statement in question appeared in the article . 
  i would n't say the prussian government fits . 
  first , when we look at prussia as a state , it was still just part of a non-unified germany . 
  second , when we look at the unified germany under the leadership of prussia , they still were n't really unified because parts of germany still got major autonomy - bavaria even kept it 's own army . 
  third , both were monarchies , which changed the whole idea of what the state was even supposed to be . 
  it would be wrong to pretend that the unification of germany in 1871 was somehow a triumph of national ideals . 
  wilhelm i. , the first emperor of germany , was still caught in another mindset . 
  the day before his coronation he proclaimed : `` this is the saddest day of my life . 
  tomorrow , we bury the prussian monarchy . '', 
   your expectations are just too high . 
  there wont be any liberal democracies anytime soon in middle east . 
  stability and lack of isis like extremists is the best we can hope for . 
  see , this is why i have a problem with `` realism '' in politics . 
  in most of the cases it just consists of `` uh , i guess that 's just how it is , we 'll have to leave it be '' , which essentially means `` changing things would just take too much effort '' . 
  `` simple '' solutions are n't necessarily good solutions . 
  i prefer instability over stagnation . 
   would you mind providing the source for this ? 
  http://www.tagesspiegel.de/politik/rassistische-rhetorik-warum-die-rede-von-akif-pirincci-so-widerwaertig-war/12479374.html  would you mind going into detail as to what lies were spread , exactly ? 
  think of it more like this : when an american company finds you too extreme , then you 're definitely too extreme for germany . 
  the second part is legitimate criticism though . 
  have you noticed how the whole `` islam is evil '' shtick comes up mostly in the context of immigration ? 
  that modern racists will try anything to substitute the concept of `` race '' - either through `` religion '' or `` culture '' - specifically as to not appear as racist is a well observed phenomenon in right wing politics . 
  extreme right wingers beat up foreigners . 
  extreme leftists beat up right wingers for beating up foreigners . 
  it does n't justify any violence but you might have to admit that there 's a difference . 
   in arab world , we should preffer stability , and that isnt democratic . 
  stability for stabilities sake is not just stupid , it does n't even work . 
  saudi arabia `` stabilized '' itself through those fundamentalist islamic movements which eventually lead to the rise of isis . 
  meanwhile , europe consists entirely of democracies and is quite stable , at least when we look at the amount of intra-european wars , which in the last 70 years were mostly confined to former soviet countries . 
  depends on what you consider `` much higher '' . 
  for amazon for example , ver.di ( one of the biggest unions in germany ) wants to push 10,66 $ per hour . 
  the national minimum wage is 8,50 $ . 
  no it 's not . 
  because , i know this sound incredible , but crusades are genocidal wars and refugee charities are charities . 
  there is actually such a thing as `` difference between things '' you know . 
  if you for some reason belief that helping refugees is truly the equivalent of war , then i think that warrants further explanation . 
  that 's just the general minimum wage ; there 's separate ones for specific professions that are not written in law but pushed by the unions . 
   protest against islamization could you explain what kind of islamization is currently happening in germany ? 
  translation :  since the 21st of december , the islamopobic pegida-movement offers their song `` together we 're strong '' for sale . 
  with the money the organization wants to support non-profit projects . 
  pegida-leader lutz bachmann said that the money would go to `` eastern german homeless people in need '' . 
   the song can be downloaded on amazon for 1,29 $ . 
  the online merchant recently faced public criticism for giving pegida a platform . 
  now they reacted . 
  `` the revenue amazaon receives from the song will go to non-profit organizations for the support of refugees . 
  '' , the amazon page of the song reads . 
   the decision is applauded on social media . 
  nonetheless , the major share of the money still goes to pegida . 
  additionally , some users criticize that amazon nonetheless sells many other products with right-extremist symbolism . 
   it seems it was envy all along most of the current political development can be described as some sort of `` fundamentalism envy '' . 
  people ask themselves `` why do we have to play by the rules of liberal democracy while other states are authoritarian ? '', 
  that 's where all the `` our nation has become weak '' , `` why do we have to do this when others do n't '' and most importantly , the whole attempt to define strong `` culture '' , even if it has nothing to with how people in the country actually behave , comes from . 
   parents know what 's best for their children no . 
  simple as that , really . 
   the most important parts are usually summarized in the comments , with more points of view and additional information . 
  not if the comment section is mostly populated by other people who have only read the title . 
  corrections tend to come up only after a while . 
  human rights also apply for those who might not tolerate them . 
   unqualified means craftsman and apprenticies ( handwerker und auszubildene , no idea how to translate that right in every sense of the word ) . 
  uh , no , it does not . 
  auszubildende are , as the word says , still in the process of education . 
  when they have finished that , they 're considered `` fachkr\u00e4fte '' , meaning qualified . 
  unqualified would mean jobs you do n't need to be educated for . 
   and have you heard of anybody getting a job despite not passing middle school ? 
  yes , and then there 's programs for those people to get a special kind of combined education and apprenticeship . 
   no , by the most basic definitions . 
  by that definition no one could ever apply for any sort of asylum in europe because no warzone is directly bordering europe . 
  even more so for the inner countries . 
  that very definition , as laid down in the dublin convention , what was caused the crisis in the first place . 
  europe expected the border-states like greece and italy or even non eu states to just take all the refugees while the rest can twiddle their thumbs .
