  we accept this for salafist preachers , why should we not accept it for national conservatives ? 
  i 'm not saying that huge formation do not matter . 
  i 'm saying that even small formations can do their thing for quite a while , thereby causing huge damage as well , without anyone intervening . 
  for all the people who think this is totally a great idea , tell me this : how do you wish to enforce it ? 
  imagine i 'm a student . 
  my native language is german . 
  now there is , i do n't know , an exchange student from britain , whatever . 
  i want to talk to them in english , as to hone my english skills , because their german is worse than my english , etc. 
  so according to those rules , there are two possibilities : a ) i 'm sanctioned for it , because the rule is universal , which would be fucking stupid . 
  b ) i 'm not sanctioned for it , because the rule is not universally applied , revealing that this is merely meant as a racist policy against immigrants . 
  the number of cults or their membership does n't actually matter much . 
  the smaller ones are often most dangeorus , because they form a close-knitted bond and will find specific individuals supporting their bullshit , since doing so is often illegal . 
  in that case , people will flock to specific helpers , because randomly asking around would be a major risk . 
  see the doctor in the article saying that she has performed `` hundreds '' of tests . 
  she 's likely well known and much frequented by the communities in question . 
   if you can show intent then what does the motive matter ? 
  why are we so concerned about islamic terrorism then ? 
  i mean , it 's just regular murder , is n't it . 
  well , if you think so . 
   now you seem to be implying that the broadened scope of rape is the cause of the spike in rapes ( rather than the immigrants ) no , i was not implying that and again , i do n't know how you got the idea . 
  i 've laid out multiple times what i 've meant , either accept it or do n't . 
  the cause for the spike of rapes is more rapes commited . 
  of course it has to do with the immigrants . 
  a bigger population leads to more crimes , that 's hardly controversial . 
   that is going to come with these poor , uneducated , sexually repressed males that have no respect for sovereignty , personal property , gays , or females . 
  those guys are already here , they 're marching against `` islamization '' ever monday . 
   in a country of 80 million , you quickly turn 25 percent of your voting block in 20 years to right wing radical extremists who will want to vote in sharia law . 
  if every single one of them turns into a fundamentalist muslims , yes , in which case our state has failed on such a basic level that 25 % of the population being fundamentalist muslims will be the least of its problems . 
  okay , so this is actually bothering me not specifically with you , but with a lot of people making the same arguments as you : could you please finally start following your own rules ? 
  i mean , i find it really dishonest that people will pick up every talking they can use against refugees without even bothering to look whether they clash . 
  for example , we commonly hear that only 20 % of the refugees are syrians and many actually come from eastern europe ( at which point all the anti-refugee eastern europeans on this sub get fucking furious when they hear that those are actually the ones most germans are most concerned about ; not the muslims ) . 
  and i do n't even want to question that . 
  but the very next second , people start talking about `` incompatible culture '' as if every single refugee was a muslim . 
  like , seriously , you ca n't have both !, 
  similarly , we fear that all of them are fundamentalist muslims , while at the same time spreading stories of riots in refugee homes resulting from clashes between secular and fundamentalist muslims . 
  you ca n't have both !, 
   the syrian birthrate is much , much higher than all of the european birth rate . 
  immigrant birthrates adjust to the native population in a few generations . 
   these people , due to their bond in culture , religion , morals , language , etc. 
  will most likely stay grouped and with their own due to the similarities and as such less likely to integrate . 
  but then again , they are n't the same , and even the ones who are are then divided . 
  we do n't just put all the syrians in one camp , all the eritreans in another , and so on and so forth . 
  you ca n't build a parallel society if you 're the only syrian family in a town of a thousand people . 
   again , i 'd love to see a western feminist talk about her feelings on homosexuals , women 's rights , etc. 
  in any refugee area . 
  they might probably be the safest there , because the refugees would not understand what they 're saying , if they are n't already speaking fluent german . 
  i also think it 's always a fucking hilarious example to cite `` feminism '' in this context , considering how incredibly wide-spread anti-feminism is in the general populace , and in the anti-refugee crowd especially . 
  really , go to a pegida rally and speak about feminism . 
  ( please do not , because even if i disagree with you , i do not wish death threats and physical violence on you . ), 
   the point i 'm making is that it is n't `` impossible '' , but it is most definitely improbably with how well the government is handling this now . 
  i agree with you . 
  the government , being a conservative one , is not fully commited to helping the refugees . 
  i 've pointing this out multiple times , but people here refuse to accept that that 's how it is . 
  our problem is n't merkel being too far to the left , it 's her not being far enough . 
   what are these people arriving actually like , since people love to dismiss the dozens of videos of violence committed by the `` refugees '' ? 
  i do not consider it `` dismissive '' to point out omitted background information , or provide adequate context , or question the general attitude of some people to greatly lay out every article on `` a refugee did a bad thing '' . 
  when looking at this specific sub , i see all of those happening , all the time . 
  people post crimes commited by people who are n't even refugees . 
  they post multiple articles on the same event , but over multiple days , making it appear like new , separate events . 
  they 'll cite every fearmongering from some provincial politican , or even the most basic threat assesments made by institutions whose sole job is making hypothetical threat assesments . 
  on the other hand , there is zero human decency when it comes to the other side of the coin . 
  for ever burning refugee home , the comments consist solely of `` could have been the refugees themselves '' . 
  when it is revealed as a clear case of arson , users will nonetheless shower the arsonist with sympathy . 
  when the candidate later elected major of cologne was stabbed by a nazi , / r/europe 's biggest concern was that the election should have been postponed because `` it might be skewed by voters emotions '' . 
  the most `` moderate '' voices in those threads are always saying `` they should n't have done that , it shines a bad light on their cause '' . 
  as if `` shining a bad light on the cause '' was the biggest fucking problem with political terrorism goddamnit . 
  i 'm not `` dismissing '' the fact that refugees can be criminals , and i do n't see anyone else doing so . 
  ( althought there is much to discuss about specifics and statistics . ), 
  i actually feel that the truly irrational people here are those who act all `` see , see , there are criminals among them ! '', 
  like , sure , of course there are , it would be really strange if there were n't , would n't it . 
  well , i 'm genuinely honored by that , really . 
  it means that i must be doing something right . 
  so do you think that it is impossible to integrate those people ( not under the current situation , i mean in general ) ? 
  if yes , why ? 
  `` foolishness '' is not a reason . 
  it 's convenient way of saying `` people who do things i do n't like must be dumb '' . 
  even i will acknowledge that nazis and national conservatives have interests and do not act out of sheer stupidity , but have motives . 
  descpicable ones , but motives nonetheless . 
  i wanted to know why you think she does this , if not , as i said , for her party . 
  the two options you offer me are `` nihilism '' and `` foolishness '' . 
  do you genuinely expect this to be a compelling argument ? 
  well , what else do you think she is doing ? 
  why do only ever see the worst possible scenario ? 
  i mean , really , you sound like a person standing in front of a newly opened swimming pool shouting `` we 'll all drown !, 
  the sea will take us and leave nothing but the foam on the waves !, 
  despair , for poseidon has already planned our fate , confined to the darkness of the endless depths !, 
  despair ! '', 
  it would certainly not be a bad idea , offering the inhabitants some company and making them feel not completely separated from the outside world . 
   adn that something is bringing their asses back to were they came from and i do not care if they are getting killed there or not . 
  no , it 's subjecting them to the necessary investigation and conviction . 
  that 's the difference between a state ruled by law and one ruled by petty grievings . 
  it will not and should not deport criminals to places where they face mortal danger . 
  if you so desperately want to live in a despotic regime , please go elsewhere . 
   but given is chances that traditional muslims getting killed are very slim so they will also be fine . 
  are you ever actually informing yourself about the things you talk about or are you merely talking out of your ass ? 
   and one last thing . 
  if you actually would care for refugees you have to understand that we currently have no space anymore . 
  we are full . 
  places like the lageso are helpless by the masses . 
  the police is totally overwhelmed , teachers , are , doctors as well .
