  why do we not apply that to education as a whole ? 
  why do we insist on the numb replication of facts ? 
  when politicians bring up new subjects they want to put in the curriculum , it falls in one of two categories : one , more supposedly economically viable skills ( e.g. 
  programming - no , actually , not everyone needs to learn programming , dear politicians ) , two , `` skills '' for tasks that actually have important real life applications , but are also very mundane when you think about it ( e.g. 
  cooking ) . 
  this is bullshit ; as said above , what we really need is tools . 
  i want to see classes on media literacy . 
  there was sort of such a thing - more just `` media '' in general - at my school but it consisted of teachers who never handled a computer before telling us how to use word ; another time a somewhat crazy art teacher taught it and made us do bookbinding . 
  ( this plays into the point i criticized at the very beginning : politicians tend to establish policies but never fully commit to them . 
  our schools are a battlefield full of half-realized and abandoned programs . ), 
  we live in a society where a sizable chunk of the population deems russian propaganda state tv or random blogs on the editor a better source of information then professional media . 
  i want to see a broad humanist education . 
  about religions , about philosophers . 
  i want to see classes devoted solely to debunking bullshit that kids may get told at home - conspiracy theories , historical revisionism , science denialism . 
  education needs to be the information campaign to counter all the sorts of disinformation we encounter all day . 
  at the same time , schools has to become a playground for kids to explore their talents and interests . 
  i want people to find some kind of purpose , to find some sort of worth in themselves or in what they do so that they do not resort to finding meaning in meaningless ideologies . 
  that means we also need to force people to explore themselves . 
  i want every kid obligated to participate in some kind of major project during their schooltime , maybe they should all have to take a theater class for one year . 
  now obviously , all of this would probably lead to a fair share of broken families , whether due to the government taking away custody from parents who insist on keeping their kids away from broad education , or due to kids getting estranged from the dogmatic parents . 
  which is sad , but i think it 's the price we need to pay for a few generations . 
  we 're currently stuck at a point where children keep repeating the failures of their parents . 
  and well , obviously , those are all very radical changes . 
  it 's obvious that they wo n't happen with a single government change , not even in a few years . 
  if any of this ever happened , it would have to happen very , very slowly . 
  it would obviously need to extend past the topic of education , which is just what i 'm personally most interested in - i mentioned the aspect of welfare and economic equality above . 
  but i think that the general course is very much possible and necessary . 
   you took 12 million germans , a large proportion of which were already german citizens . 
  and also , you know , nazis . 
  somehow people keep ignoring that . 
  this is highly concerning . 
  this is not a problem to be solved by closing the doors to refugees . 
  that people seem to think it is shows a dangerous lack of political education and critical thinking . 
  yes , bild is really the bottom of the barrel when it comes to tabloid journalism . 
  ( but as said , the statistics can be true , being collected by yougov ) to give you a very simple example of what bild is : the sun had the infamous page 3 girl . 
  bild did the same thing , but on the frontpage . 
  ( they 've also stopped doing it by now , to their credit ) they are so fucking bad , a fairly big blog called bildblog was founded in reaction by media journalists with the initial purpose of calling out nothing but bild 's shitty behavior ; later spreading to more general media criticism ( but bild still makes up the majority of their content ) . 
  it 's gotten especially ridiculous with the refugee crisis . 
  bild has been responsible for fearmongering against foreigners for years , but then suddenly started an initiative called `` we help '' , while still filling their newspaper with sensationalist fearmongering at the same time . 
  it can safely be estimated that a fair share of horror stories about refugees in germany that everyone has heard about comes from entirely made up articles from bild . 
  and they 're really fucking proud of that . 
  leaked internal documents reveal that in their employee-brochure they included a statistic of so called `` presseratr\u00fcgen '' ( approximately `` press council reprimands '' ) , of which they have received the vast plurality in the last years . 
  they see this as a proof that they 're especially good at investigative journalism . 
  the presserat does n't reprimand one for investigative journalism though , but for a lack of journalist ethics , such as not censoring crime victims or suspects faces , sensationalist reporting , non-disclosed advertisement , etc. 
  `` no dudes i 'm telling you , cultural marxism is real , i read about it on breitbart . '', 
   in the muslim spectrum , terrorists are on the edge . 
  first , if we want to talk about `` terrorists '' on a `` muslim spectrum '' , at least go with `` islamic terrorists '' or `` islamic extremists '' . 
  because , you know , terrorist is a very general term , there are terrorists who are n't muslims . 
  second , i find it very hard to define such a `` muslim spectrum '' . 
  i mean , we also know that the political left-right spectrum has it 's shortcomings , but i find it even harder to define this `` muslim spectrum '' . 
  the hardest part being the political level - islam is a religion , islamism is a political ideology ; the most extreme forms of islamism tend to result in terrorism . 
  but as i said , trying to put the political movement and the religion , and the multitude of variations of that religion , in a single spectrum seems very hard . 
  when we reduce the spectrum to the spectrum of islamism , i can agree with you : islamist terrorist are the far edge of islamism ; neo-nazis are the far edge of right wing politics . 
  edit : okay , wait , let me correct one thing , i 've just thought about it a bit more : it could be argued that even so far to the right as neo-nazis are , people may still not resort to violence - but then i would simply label them non-violent neo-nazis . 
  i think being a neo-nazi is about the ideology , not whether you 're violent or not . 
  that way , one could also argue though that people may become violent despite harboring much less extreme views then others to the right of them ( so not every violent person with right wing views is a neo-nazi either ) ; and that `` far right '' might be a broad area in itself , which is what i mean when i say that the left-right spectrum is problematic anyway . 
  so it could be said that the situation is somewhat muddy , but i nonetheless find `` neo-nazis do n't represent the far right '' to be a very dishonest argument , for the very simple reason that even if the far right does not resort to violence , it still harbors the same views . 
  which is the problem in the first place , the violence is a secondary effect . 
  and anti-semitism would n't be a thing if hitler succeeded in exterminating the jews . 
  you know , `` without people to hate there is no hate '' is just a very bad argument . 
  neo-nazis are the far right you genius . 
  everybody lies !, 
  we ca n't know the truth !, 
  except this obscure `` death of europe '' blog on the web . 
  read it , it 's so enlightening !, 
  it speaks truth !, 
  `` no , you 're . '', 
  - * orbans foreign policy in a nutshell *, 
  that 's why i said comparably easy . 
  it 's not the sort of culture in the us , where the idea is to give people guns whether they need them or not . 
  i meant that if you truly need them , they are n't that hard to get . 
   covered up by the news , excuses made by politicians . 
  [ citation needed ], 
  buying or owning a gun is actually comparably easy in germany . 
  i mean , it 's not the us where you must hate freedom if you do n't own at least three fully automatic guns . 
  but we nonethless place 15th in gun ownership , worldwide , with 30.3 guns per 100 residents . 
  canada as 30.8 for comparison . 
  western europe and especially the nordic countries are placed very high on [ the list ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/number_of_guns_per_capita_by_country#list_of_countries_by_number_of_guns_per_capita ) in general . 
  if you can prove `` need '' - being a hunter , member of a * sch\u00fctzenverein * , being a collector , even just inheriting a gun from someone - you can own guns , including semi-automatic ones . 
  the real `` problem '' - if you want to call it that - is carrying a gun in public . 
  the only option to do that is by proving some special risk to you , and that this risk could be averted or reduced by owning a gun . 
  that mostly applies to private security firms , but i think i remember reading once that the president of the central council of jews in germany also has such a permit . 
  so that should show what kind of risk we 're talking about . 
   how about firing guns at these people ? 
  this is n't the fucking usa dude . 
  `` you ca n't shoot at a crowd with criminals in them with a water cannon . '', 
  - `` how about a gun then ? 
  surely that is less dangerous . '', 
  sure , lets just randomly start bombarding the crowd on nye with water cannons . 
  rally turning violent , bunch of criminals inbetween unrelated bystanders , where 's the difference . 
  i do n't understand why keep trying to summon some moral dilemma for the left here . 
  i mean , the response in germany from `` the left '' has been `` the crimes need to be punished according to law , but we do n't see why this should influence our answer to the question ` should germany accept refugees ' '' i do n't see the dilemma . 
  the only sources for those supposed `` conspiracy theories '' of a right-wing false flags are some stupid comments in internet comment sections . 
  that whole column has the annoying taste of `` everyone else is dumb because i set up ridiculous strawmen , then i can be above it all '' . 
  read some of the hate comments pulled from social media : '' ` hans-werner link ' wrote in facebook : ` where were the girls screaming welcome this time ? 
  those whores would certainly have loved to have their crotches or tits grabbed by countless hands . ', 
  '' so yes , i think that does qualify as celebrating . 
   the loudest voices are either extreme left or extreme right the most extreme thing said on one side is `` we should n't punish ll refugees for the actions of a few ; the law should apply equally to everyone '' . 
  the most extreme things on the other side are calls for violence against refugees and calls to violently dispose of the government . 
  if those are the far right and the far left to you , then you have a very interesting idea of the political spectrum .
