  i agree that - again , not unlike putin - orban is likely more of an opportunist than someone genuinely convinced of what he says . 
  but still , he gets his votes with hardcore nationalist policies , so hardcore nationalism is the problem here , whether he actually believes in it or not . 
  the policies would n't be any less dangerous if done by someone genuinely convinced of the ideology behind them . 
  i also think that how you label his previous policies is oversimplified . 
  i do n't think that `` lowering energy prices '' is automatically catering to the communists . 
  nationalists like cheap energy too . 
  there is such a thing as general populism appreciated by everyone . 
  the liberal background is also somewhat questionable . 
  in the former eastern bloc , liberalism was always more about opposing communism than about actual social freedom , like in the west . 
  from the sources i read , it seems like he always ran with some soft nationalism , although it has gotten much more pronounced in recent years . 
   source please . 
  see the other comment chain . 
   and one thing to note here - i do not think every revisionist debate should be banned at all . 
  there are still large territories in slovakia for example which neighbour hungary , and are settled by purely hungarians . 
  i agree that generally , people should have that right to choose which nation they want to belong to ; but seeing hungaries current political climate and the fact that fidesz gets major support from those people , you might not be surprised to hear that i 'd rather not see them having that referendum . 
  on the border fence , i obviously disagree . 
   when was the last time you met someone under the age of 60 that openly admitted to voting for cdu/csu and supporting the party line ? 
  i did !, 
  even someone who was member of the communal chapter . 
  he even originally was from bavaria !, 
  ama !, 
  no seriously , i understand what you mean . 
  for example , whenever i 'm with people around my age range , it 's practically impossible to find someone who would n't at the bare minimum vote for spd . 
  when i was in school , we had one nazi during the final two years - actual nazi , before someone asks `` what , somebody disagreeing with a leftist on twitter ? 
  '' , member of a kameradschaft - and he had to post a public apology for it when it was discovered and made public . 
  and i went to school in eastern germany , in a small town at that , where we 're supposedly overrun by nazis . 
  when people staged a local pathetic version of pegida , a pro-refugee protest with three times as many people was staged that effectively blockaded them . 
  so obviously , you ask yourself : where the hell are all those people who keep this country as backwards as it is ? 
  and well , then there is some sort of awakening . 
  you 're on facebook , and you suddenly notice that the people you always considered total fucking morons vote npd and march with that local pathetic pegida copy . 
  you notice that people you knew but never considered friends like facebook pages spewing toxic bullshit . 
  one day , your own grandparents start bothering you with dismissive comments about refugees . 
  but anyway , getting back to the point above , it truly was a strange experience to suddenly get confronted with people honestly voting for cdu in real life . 
  you always think that when you see some conservative on tv , they just choose the most telling stuff they say , but the people i met truly were like that , all the time . 
  i mean , they obviously did n't constantly shout their political opinions . 
  but like , it always somehow came true . 
  one of them , the wife of the cdu member mentioned above would constantly make the same `` haha gender mainstreaming , you can choose whether you 're woman or man ! '', 
  joke . 
  like , that was actually the entire joke . 
  when i once said said in a throwaway comment `` and my grandma still has n't left the church '' - everyone else in my family has - she got downright offended by that . 
  ( she was hugely active in the church herself , obviously . ), 
  once they discussed their childrens school issuing one of those bans on `` revealing clothing '' and they were supportive of that , saying `` and i 'm sorry for the men because they ca n't help but look '' . 
  during my time with them i actually heard all those `` well you as a man ... '' and `` you should do that because you 're a man '' statements for the first time in my life . 
  when our state elected its first minister president from the left , they got downright apocalyptic , saying they 'd emigrate . 
  they told me `` well , we 're happy for you because you can move away but we 've built houses here , we ca n't '' . 
  obviously they did n't went through but i consider this kind of completely unironic hyperbole crazy enough . 
  one of them told us about how she had explained the left to her 13 year old daughter : `` most of them were parts of the stasi '' they once got told by someone else who was fairly progressive about unisex toilets . 
  and they went absolutely nuts about that , how such a thing could possibly work . 
  and when the person told them that they 're also useful for people who do n't want to be defined as either man or woman they just started laughing because they found that so fucking ridiculous for some reason . 
  when it got to education politics , they were incredibly distrusting towards all teachers for no discernible reason at all . 
  they 'd constantly complain about `` bad schools '' and special needs kids despite having placed all their kids in good schools due to money and connections . 
  when the whole refugee crisis began , they actually took sort of moderate positions , but they never managed to understand that their stance might have any connection to more extreme ones . 
  they agreed that pegida was extreme , but still thought that it was totally justified to walk with them if you were concerned about refugees . 
  they did n't understand how people could be so openly racist while themselves saying that they felt threatened when , as women , visiting kebap shops by themselves . 
  and obviously , those people would probably have never considered themselves conservatives . 
  one of them once told me `` well i think both left and right are bad , i always try to stay moderate '' - that was after a rant about `` generation hartz iv '' and why we should force these people to work , btw . 
  when you discussed something with them , they made their point , then you made your counterpoint , then they said `` yeah , but you have to consider that ... '' and just made the exact same point again without referring or responding to anything you just said . 
  you know that those values only work in a society that is n't homogeneous , right ? 
  religious freedom but only for the religions we already have , solidarity with ourselves , tolerance for the ones we already tolerate , equality for those who are already equal , yeah , that 's kind of pointless . 
  the greatest strength of the modern left is also their greatest problem when it comest to creating governments : they 're diverse and their solutions are complex . 
  being a conservative party is actually rather easy because lots of it just involve keeping things as they are and offering simple policies . 
  leftist politics on the other hand are concerned with many topics , perspectives and can rarely offer simple solutions . 
  people who consider themselves leftists are often concerned with very specific problems , which is why we see the greens , spd and the left who technically inhabit the same spectrum but set focus on very different stuff . 
  spd is the classic workers party , with some recent focus on entrepeneurs . 
  the greens are the classic party for environmentalists , sexual politics and freedom . 
  the left focuses on anti-fascism , welfare politics and rethinking society as a whole . 
  they sometimes have different ideas , especially with spd and to a lesser extent the greens increasingly catering to more conservative voters , but normally , they 'd be natural allies complementing one another . 
  the problem is that they refuse to recognize that and get hung up with really stupid stuff . 
  the left still has problems abandoning bad parts of their voterbase like the people who are essentially conservatives from the gdr ; and also clings to questionable ideas like total international isolation or their recent support for russia . 
  the greens have very much moved away from their anti-establishment roots and gotten `` b\u00fcrgerlich '' - some questionable political decisions do n't help , like their only minister president opposing the inheritance tax or their new `` openness '' , essentially meaning that they 'll have a coalition with anyone as long as they get into government , does n't help . 
  and the spd , well , the spd seems to dream of becoming a major party again , not understanding that the time when that was possible is over . 
  so now they increasingly cater to conservative voters , which is completely fucking stupid , because conservatives vote for the same party over and over again exactly because they 're conservatives , goddamnit . 
  to be honest though , as we see with agenda 2010 , that has been going on for some time now . 
  essentially , workers and the middle class , their voter base , always had this fear of somehow `` losing '' to the lower class , which is why they pushed such a punishing welfare reform . 
  if the issue is specifically the part that he has done so in the 90s already , i have only found a german source so far , and an english one calling the speech in transylvania annual , so it must have been going on for some time . 
  maybe someone else can find a hungarian source for it . 
  fidesz is n't really that far from jobbik anymore . 
  sure , it does n't have its own paramilitary wing but it has still moved far away from its liberal origins . 
  edit : i also found a very interesting article from the german der spiegel luckily available in english as well , about fidesz increasingly catering to the far right and straight out adopting ideas by jobbik . 
   but he was hated even before by the european left yeah , of course , because he was always a nationalist , bigoted asshole . 
  and technically , all the countries surrounding hungary should hate him too because he started his political career traveling to other countries with hungarian minorities , like transylvania in romania , and babbling about restoring the old borders of hungary . 
  the whole cult surrounding the `` humiliation of trianon '' , leading to the fracturing of great hungary , is still a staple of the hardcore reactionary politics pushed by fidesz . 
  in 2014 he straight out declared that he aims for an `` illiberal nation '' where the `` dogmas and ideologies '' accepted by western europe will no longer have any value . 
  edit : also , reminder , this was / r/europe 's opinion about orban just one year ago : http://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2bsqdq one year ago , people understood that he was going to be the next putin , and now people praise him because his proto-fascism is allegedly the best policy when it comes to refugees . 
  and again , then why are people surprised that they continue trying to get away ? 
  it 's sort of idiotic to say `` we want you to stay so as a punishment for not doing so , we will take away the last possible incentive '' . 
  surprise , you ca n't cross into europe legally . 
  we 're not talking about deporting criminal foreigners , we 're talking about taking in refugees . 
  no , but you ca n't keep people out of the country based on `` they might turn into bad people '' . 
  everyone might . 
  if i wanted to be safe from people who might turn criminals , i 'd need to deport the whole fucking population . 
  i actually feel like it somehow depends on time . 
  like , one day , i see moderate positions , but when i look at the same thread the next day again , it suddenly full of xenophobic bullshit and all the reasonable posts are downvoted into oblivion . 
  `` today ranting about muslims on the internet ; tomorrow carrying out the deadliest terrorist attack in norway since wwii . '', 
  oh wait , that actually was related to one another !, 
   i am not 100 % certain they are wrong and apparently , neither is the german intelligence it 's an intelligence service . 
  raising suspicions and assessing potential risk is their job . 
  you might also notice how they even explicitly say that the salafists in the country - so , people we already have here - would convert the refugees . 
  so even the intelligence service effectively says that we are n't actually letting major amounts terrorists into the country ; in the worst case , the people are converted to extreme ideologies when they 're already here . 
  we 're seeing an increase in anti-semitic incidents and opinions all across europe .
