  it 's much easier to offer everyone the most agreeable common meal that can then be `` enhanced '' with whatever you want added to it . 
  pretending otherwise is hypocritical and merely shows that exactly as i said , you 're trying to label everything that you want as `` normal '' and `` common sense '' , while everything that others want as special interests . 
  and , addendum as always , `` can not '' is still not an argument that applies here . 
   terrible analogy on many levels okay , time for a general rant here : has nobody on reddit every learned what an analogy is ? 
  you do n't get to `` disprove '' an analogy by pointing out that the things mentioned in it are n't perfectly equal . 
  that 's not how analogies work . 
  you do n't get to `` disprove '' anything in the first place because an analogy does n't prove anything , it illustrates . 
  again , that 's not how analogies work . 
  anyway . 
   having less choice in what amounts to a luxury ( school food - a lot more expensive than bringing your own ) school food is often subsidized or even free ; where it is n't there are often plans to make it that way . 
  it also has the obvious advantage of being warm , and might thus be the only warm meal a child might get all day . 
  so i 'd hardly label it a `` luxury '' . 
  it 's also not less choice , it 's no choice , and , as i have now said multiple times , entirely for ideological reasons . 
  there is no budget cut at play here , no logistical concern . 
  we have an existing option being cut by politicians solely for ideological reasons . 
  how is this any more secular than having the option , tell me that . 
  then we 're back at what i said before . 
  we perceive `` our '' way as rational and unbiased , and others as `` groups '' with `` special interests '' . 
  being a vegetarian is a choice , but eating meat is somehow just the way that things are . 
  you talk about majorities yourself , yet that majority , for you , is always the one set apart from all the pesky minorities . 
  the majority in your mind is n't `` everyone could agree to a vegetarian meal '' , it 's `` some people want meat ( pork ) so we 'll exclude everyone who does n't '' . 
  ( and , as i said before , we 're going farther and farther from the original article , because , as it explicitly states , this is not about budget issues , and it 's not about the entire menu but only one option on it . ), 
   one day pork , another cow , another fish , etc. 
  or you know , vegetarian any day . 
  i do n't see the point . 
  if there can only be one option each day , why not make it the most acceptable for everyone ? 
  yes , i sort of knew that such a thing existed , i just did n't think that it would normally be summed up under the label of `` vegetarian '' . 
   no one would be up in arms if they quit cooking pork . 
  ... you do n't seriously believe that , do you . 
  okay , then obviously , if you want pork , you can pack it from home as well . 
   giving multiple options is pandering to the dietary preferences of certain groups or more like appeasing the groups . 
  and that 's the problem . 
  the other people are always `` groups '' . 
  we are not . 
  it 's the old `` the others and the normal people '' . 
  special interests vs. `` common sense '' . 
  if we offer a option that those `` others '' would be able to eat , it 's pandering . 
  if we offer an option that they can not , that 's just the normal way to go . 
   food served to children , provided it is funded by state , should be based on nutrition , calories ( meat + vegetables ) and part of it on economy . 
  there can be healthy nutrition without pork , even without meat . 
  that 's exactly the kind of supposedly `` common sense '' argument meant to uphold the status quo , to cater to one group that we do n't acknowledge to be a group . 
   minimum wage does not have a play yes it fucking does , because the union leader in the article literally talks about attempts to lower the minimum wage , as literally proposed by leading german economists . 
  and considering how many people are already excluded from the minimum wage , and the general distribution of income in germany , i might dispute your assumption that a german hire would be significantly more expensive . 
   it still does not prevent companies from hiring these migrants so i fail to see how min wage has any impact . 
  it does not , technically . 
  the companies , and the economists , are arguing though that specifically due to the alleged lower productiveness and worse qualifications of the refugees , they would not find work if we had to pay them minimum wage - so they want the minimum wage lowered . 
  / r/europe is not populated by many reasonable people right now though . 
   thats ridiculous and you know it . 
  it 's the same line of thought . 
  we 're taking the people who are taken as a pretense to lower wages/be violent and declare them to be the problem instead of the people actually lowering the wages/comitting the violence . 
  okay . 
  by that logic , we can say that when looking at the issue of racist violence , the existence of other races is what drives it in the first place . 
  so the answer to racist violence is a mono-ethnic society . 
  apart from that polemic , we 're still talking about a proposed lowering of minimum wage here . 
  as in , a wage determined by law , not by market forces . 
  a pork meal adds the unnecessary step of addng pork to the meal . 
  is this favouring non-muslims ? 
  apart from that , as i said , there is no fucking indication that those meals are anything but pork free . 
  so how about finally discussing this particular issue , a ban of pork-free meals purely based on the assertion that those are discriminatory and that not eating pork is , quote : a threat to `` our tradition , our way of life '' ; instead of the goddamn strawman of the fascist muslim mafia taking away our pork ? 
   which rape statistics do you think should n't be considered rape that are inflating the statistics ? 
  i think you misunderstood . 
  i personally support a broader definition of rape , a much broader definition of rape actually , even broader then the planned reform . 
  my point with that question was that most of the time , the same people who cry about the great danger that the `` immigrants '' are posing to `` our '' women will happily ignore the issue of sexual violence and even actively fight any attempt to help the victims as long as it may affect they themselves , and not just be used as a pretense to rally against refugees . 
  i know , and that `` i 'm not against x , i 'm against [ vaguely defined subset of x ] '' trick is too old of a trick of the right-wing to fall for it anymore . 
  so is constantly labelling refugees as `` immigrants '' . 
  yes , and i see no mention in the article that those steps are taken . 
  the meal is merely said to be pork free . 
  and you have n't addressed my question which was , how does this discriminate against or favour any religion , merely by offering more options ? 
  the meal , whether it 's halal or not , can be eaten by anyone . 
  the other option too can be eaten by anyone . 
  see , you 're making a very compelling argument for offering multiple options . 
  ( when it comes to gluten and dairy , those are often already covered with vegetarian meals , btw ) on the other hand , if we 're going with your - purely hypothetical and not related to the particular issue at hand - scenario of only being able to offer one meal , then why does this have to be the least acceptable meal ? 
   how is offering a specially prepared option for members of a certain religion secular ? 
  i do n't see any mention in the article that the pork-free option can only be taken by muslims and not just everyone . 
  so how is this favouring or discriminating against any religion ? 
  the companies would - and have been - advocating for lowering or abolishing the minimum wage well before the refugee crisis . 
  the issue is corporate greed , not the bigger workforce ( which is n't even the whole story , because refugees are n't even allowed to work ) . 
  the point is though that as the politicans involved have clearly and explictly stated that it 's not about budget cuts . 
  i seriously do n't understand why we constantly have to play this `` maybe , theoretically , under certain circumstances '' game when we are given a clear and obvious statement like this . 
  even then , i 'd personally be fine with , if it was truly impossible to offer options , to just offer a single meal with the farthest possible reach . 
  so , a vegetarian meal . 
  eating pork , or meat in general , is not a human right . 
   the fact you are implying that people fearing that a massive influx of migrants may be bad for the man in the streets are racists is quite telling too . 
  yes , because , as said , it 's blaming the wrong people.that 's what 's racist about it . 
  that it looks at the migrant and tells us `` damn , without him we would n't have this problem '' . 
  first , somewhat unrelated , but how can a meal be vegetarian and include fish ? 
  second , as the article clearly states , we are talking about a pork free option - which is getting cut . 
  not about completely taking pork out of the menu . 
   and same treatement will divide ? 
  the problem with `` same treatment '' is that we do not see the bias present in our existing ways . 
  this is where the stupid `` marriage is already equal , a hetero man ca n't marry another man and neither can a gay man '' argument comes from . 
   secularism must be respected . 
  and how exactly is secularism not respected by offering multiple options on what to eat ? 
  this is literally the first sentence in the article :  a record inflow of refugees to germany ** should not be used as an excuse for driving down wages ** , the head of the powerful trade union ig metall said on sunday . 
  in other words , he 's pointing out the perfectly reasonable and obvious fear that corporations will drive wages down . 
  not that the immigrants themselves are driving them down . 
  that / r/europe users take this as `` we were right , the immigrants are bad ! '', 
  instead of recognizing that the ones responsible are the corporations , is quite telling of the enormous right-wing shift this sub has taken . 
  you 're right that neonazis like to hijack other protests , in what we call `` querfront '' politics . 
  but that still applies to stuff where it can somehow attach to , for example the recent anti-ttip protests were hijacked by national-conservatives who protested against ttip for reasons of `` national sovereignity '' .
