  that 's actually the most stupid thing here . 
  people keep insisting that the state has social responsibility , while a private company has not . 
  but how is the state supposed to be a referee while at the same time insisting that the players do n't actually have to play by the same rules ? 
  in a game , the players know the rules , are supposed to uphold them , and the referee is supposed to interfere if they do not . 
  capitalism in this kind of form though means that we expect the referee to somehow keep the players from biting one anothers dick off ; while at the same time insisting that we ca n't tell the players that they are n't supposed to do that . 
   the german government just used these people 's taxes to throw them out of their job . 
  so what ? 
  how is this any different from a private company outbidding and then throwing out the tenants ? 
  it 's the exact same outcome , yet it is somehow okay because nobody used government money ? 
  austria or sweden . 
  soviet communism was n't even marxist . 
  it was stalinist . 
  it 's questionable whether actual marxism can even be realized , and whether it would work any better but yeah , arguing `` it did n't work for the soviets '' is an awful argument for criticizing anything but this particular brand of communism . 
  thank you , could n't have explained it better myself . 
   care to copy me the part where you directly addressed how incentivising the fertility rates will have a negative result ? 
  i already said that it does n't matter whether the results are bad ; if the intentions themselves are already . 
  no , i do n't think that it is deep in the heart , as in , a natural behavior . 
  nationalism is constructed , and can be fought through education . 
   which you now realize you ca n't objectively attack in the cotext of e.europe 's ageing crisis of course i can attack them , i have done so . 
  again , if you only see my posts as `` derailing '' and ignore the actual point i made , i ca n't help you . 
   it is n't statistically probable for one of the major political currents , whicheve , to have not had a single positive or correct action or policy in the last 200 years . 
  oh , total relativism . 
  `` we ca n't know anything '' , then propose a definite course anyway . 
  such a novel idea . 
   and once again , for the 5th time in a row , you avoid discussing any of the actual matters on hand if you choose to ignore what i said about that , i ca n't help you . 
   you are the epitome of a political fanatic and a blind radical . 
  okay . 
  maybe i am . 
  so tell me about all those times when right wingers were actually right about something . 
  you know , i always despised this `` if it 's not literally the holocaust , it does n't matter '' sentiment . 
  and it has become so fucking common on this sub , with all this `` but are they a real nazi , or have they only disagreed with a sjw on twitter ? '', 
  questioning . 
  well , who actually qualifies as a nazi ? 
  as long as you 're not literally gassing jews , we just should n't bother ? 
  anything below literal genocide is moderate ? 
  it 's disgusting how the new right instrumentalizes the horrors of national socialism for themselves ; when those horrors should have been taken as sign that no , there can be no moderate right , there can be no `` just being a bit bigoted '' , that the `` slippery slope '' that conservatives like to attribute to any progressive policy is merely a projection of the own path they 'd be ready to go . 
  instead of learning from history , we chose to repeat it , to insist that this time , everything will went totally different , despite all sign showing the contrary . 
  quite simply , no . 
  let me sum it up quite easily . 
  why do we even know about people saying `` you ca n't even say anymore '' ? 
  because they can actually say that . 
  because they 're invited to talkshows if they 're somewhat famous , because they are quoted in newspapers , because can claim `` you 're not even allowed to say anymore ... '' in front of an audience of thousands , millions , without anyone stopping them . 
  all the major speakers at anti-immigration rallies ? 
  they 're bestselling authors . 
  and again , nobody stops them from writing and publishing their books about `` politcal correctness '' that does n't even let them ... you know the deal . 
  what about politicians ? 
  well , many important politicans , including mps , ministers , even our vice chancellor , are openly calling for limitations on the number of refugees to take in . 
  parliament has already passed stricter asylum rules , and is pushing for even more . 
  unsurprisingly , they 're not calling themselves nazis . 
  the media ? 
  let 's ask : why do we even know about things like riots in asylum seekers camps , fake syrian passports , dwindling support for current immigratin policy ? 
  because the fucking media that allegedly does n't report on `` the bad stuff '' stuff actually does !, 
  even media openly admitting an agenda does so . 
  even explicitly alternative leftist newspapers who are hugely pro-refugee report on it !, 
  do you think those people consider themselves nazis ? 
  the majority of germans believes that politicans have lost control about who enters the country . 
  the majority of germans wish for harsher rules . 
  again , they probably wo n't label themselves nazis . 
  at the same time , this is europe . 
  we have hate speech laws . 
  so if someone calls for murdering asylum seekers , burning their homes , reopening the kzs , and so on and so forth , yes , they are prosecuted for it because , as said , it 's illegal . 
  if someone considers that `` mildly questioning mass immigration '' , then one has a very warped view of the situation . 
  hell , pegida , the worst movement to come out of this whole debacle , constantly has people showing the nazi salute , openly calling for violence , and so on and so forth . 
  and yet , we 're not banning the whole protest . 
  as you said , most of the people claiming that their totally moderate opinions are suppressed will quickly reveal that they are n't all that moderate , actually . 
  but the most important part is , they do n't actually understand how free speech works . 
  they believe that free speech means that they can say whatever they want without suffering criticism - because obviously , they consider themselves to be right . 
  they think that counter protests are supressing their free speech , that disagreeing with them is suppressing their free speech , that institutions like churches , theaters , and obviously politicans showing solidarity with those counter protests is suppressing their free speech . 
  that people deciding `` i do n't want to be friends with you , i do n't want to talk to you about this topic , if this is your position on it '' is suppressing their free speech . 
  but you know , that 's part of free speech . 
  the right to disagree , and the right to voice that accordingly . 
  you still do n't get it . 
  it is not a `` perfectly good thing '' , because it ca n't be divorced from its context . 
  and i have already told you what that context is : traditional family models , a narrative of `` preserving our people '' . 
  none , necessarily . 
  but you might notice that a lot of right-wing policies are more about the symbolic aspect than about any practical outcome . 
  the recent ban of a pork-free option in a french school would be a wonderful example . 
  it accomplishes absolutely nothing , i do n't even see what it is supposed to accomplish . 
  but it makes a lot of people feel very smug : finally , a success against the looming islamization of our country !, 
  gay marriage might be an even better example . 
  when really looking at it , legalizing gay marriage does n't affect heterosexual marriage in any way . 
  but a lot of heterosexuals feel that way . 
  so they are upholding an entirely symbolic ban with no practical purpose either . 
  i never understood this . 
  how can it be that the countries attacked and occupied by the nazis 70 years ago now seem to think `` you know what we need ? 
  something only ever so slightly less horrible than that ! '', 
  front national in france , now this in poland . 
   has the left now gone as far as to label reproduction a `` racist '' or `` far-right '' thing ? 
  reproduction in this explicit context , yes . 
  i really do n't know why people try to pretend that we can completely divorce policies from the intentions behind them . 
  it 's the old `` but the nazis also built the autobahn '' . 
  sure they did , but they did it for their specific purposes - use in war , use in industry leading up to the war . 
  that does n't meet that `` building highways '' is bad in itself , or that we ca n't later use the autobahn for non-nefarious purposes , but we need to acknowledge that this does n't mean `` the nazis did good things too '' , it means that sometimes things that are n't inherently bad are instrumentalized for bad purposes . 
   state-given social benefits are leftist idea , even if at the end they serve a rightist cause . 
  yes , and that is the point . 
  those policies are n't inherently right - or left-wing by themselves , we have to see why people push for them . 
  for example , social healthcare in germany was instituted by bismarck , but it does n't make him a socialist ; the social market was pushed by the cdu as well , but it does n't make them a leftist party either . 
  so if a national conservative party pushes such a policy , especially with the specific application to families with kids , it 's hard to believe that this was done with leftist intentions in mind . 
   they 'll actually push some leftist policies like bigger financial support for families with childrens how the hell is that a leftist policy . 
  it 's driven by the idea of encouraging people to have kids , thereby pushing traditional family models and the whole `` ensuring our peoples survival '' .
