  ca n't we just , like , make some sort of peace and tell him to kill slightly fewer jews ? 
  that 'd be better than what we have now , so it should be enough , right ? '', 
   i really want to live in your dream world full of ponies and rainbows sure , every society imaginable beyond the babbling of some cdu idiot is clearly an unreachable utopia . 
  no , i 'm arguing that there must be some sort of place inbetween `` banning everything that is offensive '' and `` banning only things that are literally hitler '' . 
  i know , it 's a radical opinion . 
  are you arguing that for a thing to be banned , it needs to be at least as bad as hitler ? 
  no , we should use it for the right purposes instead of instrumentalizing it for bad ones . 
  you can take that story and argue some bullshit about islam being incompatible with western values and immigration just being too much of a risk and yadda yadda . 
  which is exactly what happens every goddamn time that someone points one of those `` an immigrant did a bad thing '' articles here . 
  the responsible choice would be to use such an article to argue for better integration . 
   i 'm not saying that this is a lie or that it should just be accepted reading . 
  maybe try it sometimes . 
  i think the truly annoying part about that bullshit is how people constantly equate old with oh so sophisticated . 
  i mean , seriously , loriots most famous sketch is about a noodle looking silly . 
  a lot of his humor is purposefully nonsensical and very slapstick-like . 
  the point is that the actual part we consider sophisticated about his humor comes from that very silliness and nonsense . 
  yet people keep using him as if people watched loriot thinking `` oh i feel so delightfully amused by this '' . 
   these things happen and they should not happen . 
  correct . 
  but legitimate issues can be instrumentalized for bad purposes , that 's what i said . 
  die welt is part of the springer group , they 're a conservative newspaper . 
  the woman in the story is a cdu member . 
  i 'm not saying that this is a lie or that it should just be accepted , nor that the accusations of being a nazi were okay , but this story is clearly being instrumentalized . 
  as every `` a refugee did a bad thing '' story is . 
   ousu told the independent it did not allow the magazine because it `` included a graphic description of an abortion , the use of an ableist slur , a celebration of colonialism , and a transphobic article . 
  in an attempt at satire , another article suggested organising a ` rape swagger ' -- in the style of a ` slut walk ' -- in order to make rape ` socially acceptable . ', 
  i do n't think anything valuable was lost here . 
  then i do n't see how the `` second side '' here is any more valid then all the second sides in other videos by john oliver which you deemed much less controversial . 
  okay . 
  would you say that side one says that we should take in refugees while side two opposes doing so ? 
  or are they merely discussing the specifics of how we should handle the immigration ? 
  there have been many things discussed here , i would like to know what you personally consider the two sides here . 
  just try to sum it up generally . 
  what does one side say , what does the other say ? 
   but the answer can not be `` just let them in and let 's just see what happens , it 'll all solve it by itself '' , which is frankly what john oliver is implying with his out-of-context studies . 
  `` and i know lots of people still have fears [ ... ] and no one is saying this is easy , but the fact that it 's so hard is not a reason to do less , it 's a reason to do more . '', 
  i do n't see any sign that his opinion here is `` lol just let them in the problem will solve itself '' . 
  i think you 're arguing with a strawman here . 
  then that is not the kind of argument you initially talked about . 
  this is n't opposing immigration , it is opposing how immigration is handled . 
   the agenda that immigration is always good , and that the people who oppose it are doing so because they are bad well tell me a logical argument for opposing immigration . 
   because he 's offering simplistic solutions to a very complicated issue , which is usually an utterly stupid way of doing things ( simplistic solutions to complicated ideas are doomed to fail because they ignore 90 % of the problems and obstacles on the way ) . 
  that might be okay on an unimportant topic , but not on such a crucial one . 
  he 's literally saying that of course it will be hard . 
  what you 're doing is the classical fallacy of modern conservatism that does n't want to call itself conservatism . 
  it tells us `` oh , the world is so complicated , we ca n't just have simple solutions ! '', 
  but then it does exactly that , because conservatism is always about simplicity . 
  when it comes to gay marriage , conservatives tell you how complicated this is because value of traditional marriage and different opinions and yadda yadda , yet their solution is to simply and stubbornly oppose it . 
  similarly , when we discuss refugees here , the same people telling you `` oh , it 's so complicated '' are also the ones spouting `` oh islam is bad by itself '' and `` oh but the rules say they have to register in the first safe country '' and `` oh we should just pay some foreign aid and keep them in camps outside europe '' . 
  how is that not a simplistic solution ? 
  like , i totally get the point you 're trying to make here , and i agree that simplistic solution do n't solve anything . 
  but when we look at current political discourse about literally anything , the two sides are n't normally discussing about the finer points . 
  most of our political discourse still occurs at a level where indeed , there are simplistic solutions . 
  if the question is `` should we let immigrants in at all ? 
  '' , then yes , there is a very simple answer , which is yes , we should . 
  answering that in a simple way does not mean that we can not at the same time admit that handling the finer points will be simple as well . 
  so the old south park method of political discourse , `` lol all sides are equally bad so i 'm smart for pointing that out '' ? 
  the thing is , one of the sides here is the government side , the side of systemic refusal to accept refugees . 
  the other side is essentially the `` a refugee did a bad thing '' side . 
  i really do n't see why we should present those two as equal . 
   which is fine when he 's talking about clearly bad things like confiscation of peoples homes without charging them with a crime but it does n't work for things with 2 sides . 
  what do you think the two sides here are ? 
  so essentially , we 're totally behind those values except when we 're angry ? 
  that does n't seem like we 're behind those values at all . 
   in before : hurr durr the natives do n't have to take tests either and they know nothing : native germans grew up in this culture . 
  whether or not they know every paragraph , they 're shaped by it no they 're not . 
  just look at the facebook comments under any random article about a child rapist and see how much regard people will have for `` human dignity is inviolable '' and `` capital punishment is abolished '' . 
  why do n't you just agree with me lets move the goalposts . 
  seriously , this is n't so damn hard . 
  executions are systemic violence and , as you might notice , hardly unheard of outside islamic countries . 
  acid throwing too is known to be frequent in non-muslim-majority countries , including middle and south america and china . 
  while we are at it , the main reason cited for attacks is actually rejection of marriage / romantic advances or separation . 
  the country with the highest amount of attacks is bangladesh , where the hijab is n't actually that common . 
   i honestly do n't understand how we defend practices like salafism with the freedom of religion , when it clearly goes against other human rights . 
  who 's defending salafism ? 
   wait ... so they did n't take her siblings away from her parents ? 
  so she took beatings , was threatened to be killed , and ca n't be around as it 's too dangerous for her ... but her siblings somehow will do just fine . 
  that 's seems to be a common policy , do n't ask me why , i too think it 's idiotic . 
  we recently had a similar case in germany where christian fundamentalists had been abusing their kids for years - and also tried homeschooling them - and when the authorities finally did something , they took some of the kids away , leaving the others behind , and then they even let some of the ones they had taken back to their families . 
  all without any of the family members having yet been convicted of anything or even guaranteeing that they would n't beat the kids again ; maintaining that it was their parental right and obligation to do so . 
  most recently , they have evidently announced that they 'll flee to the czech republic , i do n't know whether they have done so already . 
  if i had had any authority there , i would have taken all the children away , and banned the parents from leaving the country until they 've been put on trial . 
  of course people completely missed out on that because they were too busy getting hysterical about immigrants . 
  seriously , just look at the list of countries having banned holocaust denial . 
  i get it when americans cry `` mah freeze peaches '' , but europeans ? 
  but they actually do vote for the green party more than the average non-immigrant . 
  the biggest share of votes still falls to the cdu/csu , but hell , it even does so in the ( purely educational ) u18 elections . 
  and seriously , if you vote for conservatives at that age , you have to be dead inside . 
  then it might be kind of a shitty march . 
  but why would someone even put the falanga on such a poster ? 
   yeah and both groups are being less and less relevant . 
  they just made donald trump president , a complete moron who falls flat with any other demographic . 
  they seem to be quite relevant . 
   in 4 years a lot of old people will have died and 4 generations of new voters are ready to vote . 
  i mean , the whole `` i hope the stupid people just die out '' - logic is very idealistic , but history has shown us that it does n't really work . 
  trump has done well with old white people , but also with young white men . 
   this year happened because of a massive accumulation of bad decision making by bureaucrats in the west . 
  but did it ? 
  there are probably not , but that is what i mean . 
  with the democrats being the only ever so slightly to the left party , they theoretically have to cover that demographic too ,,
