i 've added altars to hermes and saint cyprian and plan on adding marduk soon . 
  got ta catch 'em all !, 
  ( sorry if you feel offended by that , it 's actually really awesome to see someone who is that open in how he lives his religion . ), 
  yes , that is separate . 
  religion as a subject and school and the preparation for confirmation/eucharist are completely independent from one another . 
  additionally , where i live , we have very few catholics . 
  so at school , they just go to the protestant version of the subject or to ethics and then take separate lessons at the local catholic church . 
  in the last years , we had a bit of corporation between our school and our local church . 
  for example , we went to the nativity play , staged by students of grade 11 and 12 who take religion as a course for the last two years . 
  in general , and especially in small towns , churches are much more integrated into the daily cultural life than acting as just religious institutions . 
  a few years ago , faust was staged as shadow puppetry at our church , and for the last two years , we have had a `` cultural night '' where our theater course staged self-made plays at the church . 
  additionally , we have tensing , a form of christian youth work which originated in norway . 
  it 's supposed to bring teenagers to christianity by giving them a club where they do their own small musicals , but it 's increasingly secularized in the last years as well . 
  in short , i think for an outsider it might actually appear as if school and religion here are very connected , but when you really look at it , that is n't the case . 
  i actually find it a bit ridiculous that people complain about there being not separation of church and state in germany , yet it 's the us where they discuss whether to teach evolution or creationism in school . 
  obviously , we have the same system , but i 'm actually surprised you had to take religion . 
  our schools have to offer ethics . 
  also , as a teacher , you ca n't be forced to do religion as a subject , though i do n't know what that actually means . 
  i think it has something to do with getting the qualification through advanced education ? 
  and yes , religion is n't really that religious . 
  i took it for 10 years , and in the last years , we had a teacher who also did physics and astronomy . 
  so there was a lot of non-literal bible interpretation and we even had a chapter about why homosexuality is n't wrong . 
  ( protestant religion , btw ) and as said , there are a lot of different topics : all the other major religions , nazism , even basic philosophic concepts like utilitarianism . 
  in general , east germany is way less religious than the west . 
  the churches here are more of a place to meet people and do stuff together , but people do n't really follow any doctrine . 
  we once interviewed the seventh day adventists here and you would n't actually have noticed they were evangelicals if you had n't known it before . 
  i do n't really know if i can agree with you , since i do n't really understand what you mean by `` yes-no-questions '' . 
  on the one hand , i say that is terrible when a political question can be or is boiled down to `` yes-no '' . 
  i agree that politics is n't to entertain , and that you ca n't have it that easy . 
  on the other hand , when you mean that parties do n't say clearly what they evidently mean , i can agree with you . 
  for example , the nationalist party in germany has a really hard time openly admitting that they 're essentially the successors of the nazi party . 
  and so they dodge around a lot of issues by pretending to be democratic and taking supposedly mainsteam-friendly stances , when they 're evidently not . 
  well , when we really look at it , all the eu-critics are right-wing populists . 
  ( i 'm talking about germany here , since you talked about hearing it on german radio as well . ), 
  who is truly eu-critical ? 
  mainly the npd and afd . 
  both are the biggest right-wing parties we have . 
  and that 's what i find so annoying about people telling me that their voters have to be `` included '' in some way . 
  seriously , how the hell do you want to include someone voting for npd ? 
  actually , catering to those parties would be a bigger problem then ignoring or dismissing them . 
  the csu actually complained to it bigger sister , the cdu , that their [ `` front on the right is open and the csu ca n't close it any longer '' ] ( http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/alternative-fuer-deutschland-unionspolitiker-will-koalition-mit-afd-a-971616.html ) . 
  and we already saw the csu moving farther right prior to the election . 
  honestly , the danger here is n't loosing a few voters to the right , it 's the risk of bigger parties trying to appeal to those lost voters and thereby themselves moving to the far right . 
  i 'd even say that people voting for such parties ca n't even be considered a valid part of democracy anymore , simply because these parties are by themselves not democratic anymore . 
  if someone votes for npd , they are n't part of the democratic system anymore . 
  they evidently want to abolish it . 
  i 'm actually interested in where the op got this sentiment from . 
  because the classical view people from the west hold about eastern europe is that it is more conservative , and more religious as well ( even despite the after-effects of communist rule ) . 
   afd is expected to get 6-8 % , they are soft-eurospectic ( anti-euro but not anti-eu ) . 
  they 're also social conservatives with heavy religious ( to be exactly , calvinistic ) and national influences . 
  i know this does n't really contribute anything to the question regarding euro-scepticism , but i think since they were mainly talked about in this context , it is useful to know that this is n't just a single-interest party . 
  i wanted to offer a deep political analysis , but the first things that sprung to my mind were actually cheap cigarettes and counterfeit products . 
  sorry guys . 
  first , you 're only talking about catholicism . 
  that 's not synonymous with `` christianity '' . 
  here we have the orthodox church , already splitting away from catholicism ( although both will insist that the other was the one splitting away and they are the `` true '' christianity ) , and then splitting even further through patriarchs and autocephaly . 
  protestantism even literally spread because local rulers wanted their own , national churches , and when you get into the more recent protestant movements , they often have this element of `` we are the chosen ones and everyone who does n't accept christ as their savior goes to hell '' . 
  of course , you might argue that only catholicism can represent true christianity , but even that does n't work . 
  christianity was used as an excuse to force the `` heathens '' into submission , so the comparison to `` joining the eu '' is very misguided , as we have yet to force anyone into the eu through war . 
  catholicism also did n't push for some sort of unified country of all christians , but purposefully supported local rulers , bestowing papal grace onto them . 
  even the holy roman empire was everything but . 
   do n't the germans export a whole lot of weapons to the middle east ? 
  so it 's completely fine to kill people , but god forbid you wish to build a fence !, 
  see guys , this is the problem with nationalism . 
  it leads to only ever seeing a nation as a big monolithic entity , not as a network of actors with different interests and ideas . 
  i 'm not `` the germans '' , and neither is everyone else here . 
  i 'm not my government , i did n't vote for this government . 
  the people protesting against refugees are n't `` germany '' and neither are the people protesting for them . 
  and in the same way , the companies selling nato wire are not the same companies selling weapons to the middle east . 
   christian churches are very twisted here . 
  christianity is not a national movement , it 's a universalist religion , saying that god speaks to all humanity , as opposed to tribal religions , like judaism where a chosen tribe has special status . 
  i ca n't decide whether this is / r/badreligion or / r/badhistory , probably both . 
  what i find especially hilarious about the thing is how germany as a whole is stereotyped as efficient and hard working ; but at the same time one of our most popular intra-national stereotype joke is how slow and lazy german craftsmen are , while polish are supposed to be super-fast and hardworking . 
   yes , they do . 
  in their defense , they do n't fetishize it - they do it because ` it just works \u2122 ' appeal to a higher goal , and it 's surprisingly easy to bend the rules . 
  probably because there are so many of them . 
  this is such a hugely important point , i think . 
  you constantly hear the same story how you 'll get yelled at by old people in a german city for jaywalking . 
  i , on the other hand , grew up in a small town and never had that experience . 
  most people are doing some sort of small work under the table , the kids in the surrounding villages are driving their mopeds without a license , the police looks the other way if they catch you for a minor traffic offense , and i honestly believe no one in the entirety of germany in general has ever given a flying fuck about the drinking age . 
   excuse me , what ? 
  you germans have a constitution that warrants equal rights for women , so why ca n't you put it to law that any religious school in germany must adhere and respect the constitution ? 
  if muslim communities and your constitution collide on the issues they 'll have to suck it up and mix boys and girls in the classrooms and public baths . 
  yes , and that the law currently mandates that we ca n't interfere with religious schools . 
  we could theoretically create a law allowing us to do so , i 'd personally be hugely in favor of it , but the cdu/csu would n't let it pass . 
   it 's a problem in mixed schools . 
  how ? 
  i mean , they do n't get pork . 
  that 's literally it . 
  i do n't see the problem , we 're not even limiting the menu to vegan , and i would n't see the problem with that either , as long as it is still healthy and nutritious . 
   liberals and the left do not stand up for women in these communities and they 're willing to lie and tell everyone that is not the case . 
  that 's your impression , i really do n't know what i could do to convince you otherwise . 
  edit : for the public bath issue , i 've found a few sources about some cases where it was discussed , but everyone spoke out against it . 
  what does already exists are times for women in general , which are used by muslim women as well . 
  the government ca n't interfere with religious schools because those were the rules they pushed themselves to protect established churches . 
  i too would prefer if the government would interfere with that but it 's idiotic to vote conservative because you hate muslims , when those very conservatives are responsible for making the laws that give religious fundamentalists too many freedoms . 
  i do n't see the problem with the removal of pork , especially considering that some schools already have muslim majorities . 
  if they would n't eat it anyway , why cook it ? 
  the rest of your post shows exactly what i mean . 
  yes , these things do happen , and then we stand up to them .
