  do i consider the combination , so left wing populism , bad ? 
  yes , although somewhat less then right wing populism of a comparably radical level . 
  you know , i 'd actually not be surprised to see that view expressed genuinely on this sub these days . 
  i 've said that le pen has publicly voiced admiration for putin - provable - and that front national has received a loan from a russian bank - provable . 
  i have n't even mentioned , because i consider it common knowledge and specifically because i did n't want to spin any theories , that putin cooperates with multiple european nationalist conservative parties - again , provable . 
  how is any of this a conspiracy theory . 
  sure . 
  vote for the domestic anti-semites because they might protect you from the foreign ones . 
  what a great idea . 
  still the less evil . 
   voting rights , voter base are a different issue . 
  you 're arbitrarily drawing lines here . 
  ancient democracy had a clear definition . 
  through the expansion of the voting base , that definition has changed . 
  you consider such a change of a definition a restriction of democracy . 
  it 's a structural and linguistic problem , so trying to think of in the simplistic terms of a mathematical expression is futile . 
  `` popular '' and `` populist '' are two different things . 
  populism and right-wing are inherently bad in themselves , yes . 
  did universal suffrage muddy the definition of democracy as well ? 
  it was n't included in the original one after all . 
  i do n't think they 're necessarily less trustworthy , i think their ideas and ideologies are more dangerous in themselves . 
  like , if a leftist politician lies by saying `` we wo n't create any more debts '' , and a right-wing politician lies by saying `` we wo n't discriminate muslims '' , then obviously both are lies , but i could easily judge which one i find more dangerous . 
  fn are right wing populists . 
  they have just had a major political success . 
  half of the population does n't vote . 
  where is the hyperbole ? 
  in the `` death of democracy '' ? 
  you are aware that platitudes are literally not an argument , right ? 
  you 're right that this is democracy by the ancient definition . 
  but modern political theories redefine democracy beyond that simple sort of mob rule , and todays constitutions are more based on those modern ideas then on the ancient definition . 
  that does n't excuse voting from right wing populists or letting them have their way by not voting at all . 
  with fn not yet in any position to push any policies , that is somewhat hard to do ; a recurring problem with nationalist conservative parties not yet in power . 
  their official party programs are often not helpful either , as the far right has in recent years attempted a course of so called `` respectable radicalism '' ( meaning they attempt to tone down their rhetoric somewhat , without compromising their radical ideas too much ; and latching onto certain popular issues . 
  a good example would be the german npd , the spiritual successors of the nsdap , who attempted to downplay their links to autonomous neo-nazi groups and tried gaining mainstream support with demands for the death penalty for child rapists . ), 
  so when trying to predict which policies they would actually push and what their general attitude is , it 's important to look beyond that . 
  for front national , i find [ this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/7/7a/national_front.gif ) poster quite indicative ( `` the immigrants are going to vote ... and you 're staying home ?!!, 
  '' ) , which plays with the old fear that immigrant votes will unfairly influence the election . 
  the logical consequence of such a mindset should n't be hard to see . 
  then there 's fn 's admiration for putin , who can clearly be considered an autocrat , and the questioning or outright opposition to things we generally consider accomplishments and defining attributes of modern democracy ( abolishment of the death penalty , freedom of art , abortion rights , etc. 
  a democracy that abolishes itself is not a working democracy . 
  if people vote for anti-democratic parties , that 's not healthy democracy . 
  democracy is more then just mob rule . 
  you might excuse that `` let the states decide everything '' while knowing fully well how many of them are socially conservative , and even straight out stating that he personally is pro-life does not qualify him as `` socially liberal '' . 
  the point is that this whole idea of states rights is either the only thing that genuinely interests him , or that he finds it way more important than those social liberties . 
  both options disqualify him from being considered socially liberal in my eyes . 
  it 's the same with anyone going `` oh , i 'm totally progressive but also anti-immigration , so that 's why i vote national conservative '' . 
  no , you 're not actually progressive , because you give so few fucks about all those ideas compared to your anti-immigration stance that it becomes unbelievable . 
  the country is taken over by right wing populists and half of the population just does n't bother to vote at all . 
  we 're observing the death of democracy itself . 
  you 're of course right , althought there is obviously a bit more of nuance to it . 
  it 's not like the left-right spectrum is entirely pointless . 
  for example , of course there are certain links between neo-liberalism and social conservatism , and similarly , it would be stupid that progressivism has no connection at all with communism . 
  i think the problem with that particular issues of politics is that people easily get stuck on the whole `` the modern world is increasingly harder to understand '' . 
  they get so far that they understand that things are n't just black and white , but instead descend into a sort of `` we just ca n't know what 's true !, 
  everything is relative !, 
  every idea might be the right one !, 
  we ca n't label anything !, 
  we just ca n't know !, 
  '' , which is just another justification for the black and white thinking one still holds to . 
  that 's the mindset where `` the mainstream media lies so we 'll watch russia today '' comes from . 
  uh noes wikipedias leftist bias is showing, 
  okay people , please stop this `` by definition '' bullshit . 
  anyone who has ever thrown an ever so cursory glance at the tea party can tell you that you can indeed observe a tendency towards social conservatism . 
  i mean , seriously , it 's a republican offshoot , that should already tell you something . 
  i may very well believe that there are some people in there who are somehow able to ignore those tendencies and genuinely only believe in fiscal conservatism , but pretending that the tendencies do n't exist at all is dishonest . 
  that does n't matter . 
  the point is that a reactionary ideology can not be the answer to another one . 
  fighting idiocy with slightly less idiocy is , well , idiotic . 
  dude , just read the fucking article . 
  fn has cooperated with tea party members in the us . 
  marine le pen has praised ron paul and his stance on the gold standard . 
  that 's just how it is , and yes , i think it 's enough to speak about a link between them . 
  to the sweden democrats , ukip , fp\u00d6 and similar nationalist parties and movements they 're linked through their presidency of the european alliance for freedom . 
  they have also declared close cooperation with fp\u00d6 on a conference in 2011 . 
  working class politics are n't inherently left-wing . 
  the nazis were a workers party . 
  even the exact same policy can be right or left-wing , depending on the ideological context or simply the context of other policies . 
  it 's the old `` but the nazis had gun control too '' bullshit . 
  yes , but that is sort of what i mean . 
  i just think that if a jew says `` oh , the dude who founded the party on all this anti-semitic stuff has been kicked out , so now the rest of his family clan and the other members of the party who believe the same stuff will surely do a 180 degree turn '' , they 're just tremendously naive . 
  it 's not really like the party was entirely intolerable for them before , evidently . 
  i could very well believe that they would even have voted for fn before jean-marie got kicked out , because they 're just that utterly indifferent to those toxic aspects . 
  uncomfortable truths like `` gays should marry '' , `` women need to stay at home '' , `` the holocaust did n't happen '' and `` abortion is murder '' , right . 
  what do they not have in common with them , seriously . 
  i mean , i already said it , it 's in the article . 
  anti-abortion , anti-gay marriage , anti-immigration . 
  the only real difference i might possibly see is their economic stance , since the tea party is more closely associated with classical liberalism , while fn is openly protectionist ; and that in this way , the whole `` small government vs. big government '' discussion is way less of an issue in european politics . 
  at the same time , every critic of libertarianism in general and classical liberalism especially can tell you that the whole idea here is flawed in the first place , because what we call the `` free market '' has to be maintained by a governing force and was created by it at some point , even more so in the practical application of capitalism ( see for example `` too big to fail '' companies ) . 
  and thus , what appears as a `` small '' government to some people always has to be a `` big '' one towards the ones who might threaten them . 
  just read the wikipedia article : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_front_%28france%29#political_profile ( to add : the english wikipedia does not include a section about social policy ; the german one cites `` opposition to gay marriage and abortion and supporting introduction of a monetary bonus for stay at home wives '' , `` opposition to ` abnormal ' art '' , and the obligatory opposition to wearing the hijab in public ) so essentially , nationalism , social conservatism , economic protectionism , euroscepticism , right-wing populism , anti-immigration , anti-globalism . 
  they support putins policies and have received a favorable loan from a russian bank , which is suspected of being linked to the russian government . 
  the party was founded by jean-marie le pen , a convicted anti-semite and holocaust denier . 
  he was succeeded and eventually kicked out just this year , by his daughter , marine le pen , who attempts to make the party more into the mainstream . 
  in my humble opinion , that would not have actually been necessary because if they 're doing so well despite this incredibly transparent attempt , and had already been popular before when he was still a huge thing in the party , then their voter base does evidently not care anyway . 
  they 're closely linked with similar nationalist conservative parties like the austrian fp\u00d6 , the sweden democrats , ukip and the american tea party movement . 
  dear people who love to claim that we do n't need feminism anymore because everyone already agrees that gender equality is great : do you ever read the other comments ? 
  again : you ca n't rebuild a country that is currently getting bombed . 
  it 's disgusting . 
  merkel is rising after pushing draconic new restrictions on asylum . 
  sch\u00e4uble is our most popular politician .
