  i do n't understand where this idiotic `` if prejudice is wide-spread enough it must be true '' attitude comes from . 
   the fact that there is ~ 25 % unemployment rate in spain is less unjust than the situation in the middle east ? 
  and yet , i have never heard about anyone , who would shout to let all the spanish people enter , or pay their fare to come and settle in germany . 
  first , again , the primary concern here is humanitarian aid - not looking for a cheap workforce . 
  second , are you fucking kidding me , the german federal employment agency is actively recruiting unemployed people from spain and other countries with high unemployment . 
   the idea to take only those who happen and manage to show at our door is incoherent and economical discrimination . 
  and `` just letting them all die '' is clearly the more reasonable and fair option , yeah . 
  it 's also the zero sum game again . 
  we ca n't help the people who stayed behind and the ones who arrive at our door , no no . 
  we have to decide . 
  wherein the choices are `` helping those who come here '' or `` not helping anyone because come on , what do we care as long as they stay down there '' . 
  does any european nation send troops to fight isis ? 
  does any of the european governments that totally ca n't afford take in any refugees send humanitarian help to camps in the libanon ? 
  then they do n't get to fucking complain about the refugees coming here !, 
   and that all good you will do by giving the fish will eventually parish , because only more people will come . 
  as long as we do n't finally take the stream of refugees as a signal that we need to do something to help them , yeah , totally , more will come . 
  so hopefully forcing european governments to take in those refugees will finally show them that they ca n't have their cake and eat it too . 
   i am afraid for my family , especially for the women in my family . 
  trust me , we 're all very concerned for the women in your family with somebody like you around . 
   to be honest , i do n't speak german too , but if , on theory , i want to immigrate to germany i would myself organize/pay and so on for my lessons and `` integration '' so to speak , as it is ( probably ) required for me to do so . 
  germany is social country but i think that would be the case . 
  actually , as a eu citizen , it 's entirely voluntary for you to do an integration course . 
  if you 're on welfare - or have very low income - the integration course is free , you can even get back travel costs . 
  otherwise it costs 792 $ , you get half of it back if you finish within two years . 
  immigrants from non-eu countries , including people granted asylum , are obligated to take one ; except if they can prove satisfying language skills , are currently minors going to school , or can not take one due to being occupied with another kind of apprenticeship , work or caring for sick family members . 
   seriously if the german government was to pay me the money they pay to support refugees i could hire a nanny and pop out three or four . 
  you ca n't legally pay a nanny here with 350 euro a month . 
   these middle easterners keep destroying their own countries with islam is n't it great how the nazis will always be the nazis invading other countries , but every single muslim is responsible for the destruction brought by other muslims - even if the latter consider the former infidels and kill them ? 
   left is so fixed on the idea that everyone who reaches europe is fleeing war to be entirely honest , i do n't even do that . 
  i actually think that even economic refugees deserve a place here . 
  but i nonetheless find it ridiculous how we overblow `` economic migrants '' as `` anyone who does n't stay out of europe '' . 
   because your solution is to take them in and then wait for the problems in the region to magically disappear , while still thousands will die . 
  no , my solution would be taking in the people who need to be taken in , then intervene in their home countries and help them rebuild them . 
  i do n't see why the only two options in your mind seem to be `` do nothing but take in refugees '' and `` do something someday but do n't take in refugees '' . 
   this is a cruel world , and what works is not always pretty . 
  which is hard for me to take as well , because i too was once an idealist . 
  yes , `` the world sucks we should n't bother '' is truly a bitter pill to swallow . 
  what you say is correct for the long term , yes , but not for the short term . 
  people are fleeing war right now . 
  do you seriously want to tell them `` hold on , just stay there a bit longer , we will eventually solve all the problems in your region . 
  just give us a few years tops . '', 
  if we really want to help those people , letting them take refuge here is actually the best option . 
  here we can give them the skills and values needed to solve their problems . 
  solving it `` down there '' is just another excuse for not doing anything . 
  in that sense , the ever growing and potentially unbearable streams of refugees are actually a great thing because they do at least finally put some pressure on other nations to do something . 
   did your politicians consult their decision to invite all the poor and needy with us ? 
  it 's ridiculous that a conservative as blatantly anti-immigration as merkel can be perceived as `` inviting everyone '' simply because other nations leaders behave like even bigger dicks . 
   did anyone discuss with us how were going to afford it ? 
  again , human rights . 
  economic concerns are irrelevant . 
   is this what you call human right and democracy ? 
  because to me what you germans do equals despise for human life , hypocrisy and guiltripping what truly equals hypocrisy is the whole `` if we did n't take them , they would n't drown in the sea '' . 
  you accuse others of crying when the dead land on their shores , but you do exactly the same thing . 
  you 're fine with people dying in warzones and overcrowded refugee camps right next to those warzones , as long as no one takes anything from your fucking economy . 
  this view that a nation `` does not owe anything to anyone '' is idiotic . 
  we generally agree that a nation has to be built on principles of human rights and democracy . 
  so what do you think would be the solution ? 
  i do n't see what population has to do with it . 
  and concerning russia , we both know fully well that russia wo n't invade a nato member , and even if they did , estonia would hardly be able to do anything about it . 
  so the whole `` we need to prepare for the war against russia '' is useless fearmongering . 
  yes , that 's part of authoritarian regimes . 
  and another reason why we should n't be so fast to dismiss refugees interests as `` greedy '' just because they come from a country without war in it . 
   they were no they were not . 
  they were fleeing authoritarian regimes , goddamnit . 
  estonia has one of the strongest and fastest growing economies in the region . 
  how is that `` nothing '' . 
  why should the czech republic be unable to deal with any refugees ? 
  sure , not the same amount that germany can accept . 
  but the numbers presented by other countries as possible are laughably small . 
  the alternative is pumping in more money that we will never get back . 
  the domino effect is somehow questionable . 
  that others feel entitled to them does not mean that they need to be granted . 
  for greece , a debt cut is the only real possibility , while for most others , there are still other options left . 
  but yes , on a overall scale we might need to get away from this whole `` all debts will be paid '' idea in general . 
  it 's not debatable . 
  we will never see that money back . 
  that 's a fact . 
  everyone believing otherwise is delusional . 
  that is your idea of what a refugee should be , i do n't see why it should be mine . 
  by your logic , all people fleeing from the communist bloc were economic migrants . 
  yeah , the discussions which is the best way to eradicate the white race and destroy freedom can get really heated . 
  some still prefer the classic `` putting everyone in a gulag who is n't politically correct '' while others think the homosexlobby is really onto something with the whole `` destroying the nuclear family '' . 
  importing djihadists does seem like an interesting new option but people are unsure whether it fits the whole `` religion is the opium of the masses '' that well . 
   he expects mass violence in germany [ ... ] there already is . 
  nazis are regularly burning down refugee centers and staging violent protests and the response by the police has been laughable at best . 
   we 'll since people say that it has to be true !, 
  no , that 's the exact point . 
  it 's not true simply because people say it , it 's prejudice . 
  the problem was that the poster above essentially claimed `` no no there is n't actually such prejudice against eastern europeans '' . 
   we like to ensure that those economical migrants will find place to live , work , will be able to stand on their own feets , will integrate instead creating another ghettos and just as a cherry on the top how the fck we can ensure taht radicals will not blend in okay people , stop right here . 
  so either ... the economic migrants are supposed to be from countries like serbia , but somehow still belong to isis ... or , they 're from the syria where those radicals actually exist and are waging a war , but are somehow still only fleeing for economic reasons . 
  i do n't know which idea is worse . 
  germany is a federal country . 
  refugees are distributed to the individual states , according to a quota . 
  while , after some uproar from the states , there are now plans for additional federal funds , refugees are still mostly paid from state funds . 
  so no , that small german town does not have `` the entire might of germany '' at its back . 
   because she didnt give in randomly just because syriza lied to their own people saying that she would ? 
  how is this a lie . 
  he expected that merkel would eventually give in , because it would have been the rational choice for her . 
  but she did n't because of course the german government does n't act rational here .
