  a slightly smaller bunch of absolutist states , dominated by an absolute empire and a militarist kingdom waging lots of petty wars and crushing a democratic revolution !, 
  a militarist empire !, 
  a failed democracy !, 
  the nazis !, 
  and then the americans forced us to become a democracy again . 
  and then we immediately elected some nazis and conservatives again . 
  german culture woo, 
   some values need to be saved imo : - gender equality - rule of law ( not sharia law ) - religious freedom - sexual freedom well , then how about supporting the side that wants those things instead of that which does not . 
  there is no non-conservative anti-refugee movement in germany , because there can be no non-conservative anti-refugee movement in general . 
  the same people crying about those values they supposedly need to defend have spoken out against those values so far . 
   ramelow made that pretty clear quite some time ago ( surprising the zdf interviewer , amusingly ) he made it clear that the current resources are insufficient . 
  this is the weird old strawman again where the evil evil leftists just want to take in everyone without giving thought to it and only the brave conservatives make the `` reasonable '' choice of kicking everyone out . 
  the left has been criticizing the current handling of the crisis for a long time . 
  they are happy to take in every refugee , but they want merkel to provide actual help instead of just putting the burden on the states . 
  but she does n't because then her voters would come out and cry `` mah taxes '' again , because she tries to handle both the pro-refugee people in her party by letting refugees in , and the anti-refugee people - especially the csu - by then not giving anything to them and already planning how to make it harder to get into the country . 
   their voters might lean left , but are ultimately conservative and nationalistic . 
  citation needed . 
  part of the lefts voters do indeed only vote for them because they are former sed voters . 
  but none of the stuff mentioned by you is represented in the current policies and programs of the left . 
   let 's see what the bundestagswahl 2017 will bring . 
  voting urns are still the only borderline reliable metric . 
  well , how about we just look at the current sonntagsfrage . 
  afd still stuck at 7 % . 
  i thought this had to be , like , 95 % ? 
   do you have to be racist to want her to resign ? 
  how about reading my post first to answer that question . 
   i do n't understand this argument , and i see it all the time here . 
  if it 's true , why do greeks and italians ( whose countries are the arrival points for these migrants ) , want less immigration more than anyone else in europe ? 
  because reality has made it so that not all graphs need to be straight lines . 
  it is entirely possible that we see an increase in racism both at very low and very high amounts of immigrants , with a moderate rate leading to less racism . 
  italy and greeces demands are reasonable in that sense because they legitimately ca n't handle the influx anymore - and i find it hypocritical to bring this up in the refugee crisis in the first place because they 're specifically overrun due to the idiotic dublin iii laws . 
   lets ask / r/israel , a country that 's 17 % muslim and surrounded by muslims , about these migrants . 
  israel is also ruled by a right wing government , and as you might see in this very thread , discussion devolves into `` the european right is our friend , the left is our enemy !, 
  '' , although i do n't know whether it 's regulars making that point . 
  i hope i do n't need to lay out the entirety of israeli-palestinian relations to tell you why `` lets ask the israelis about the muslims '' is n't the best idea . 
   haha try to ask actual people who are helping these refugees . 
  those people are the ones helping the refugees , yet to be fair , there is also some major involveent by christian organizations which accordingly tie back into the cdu . 
  you 'll be hard-pressed to find some voluntary helper who demands what the average afd voter wants . 
  `` we 're full '' is n't their primary concern , `` we do n't get the necessary resources '' is . 
   that is so much hogwash that i find it hard to answer . 
  suddenly , there are racists in the green party , loonie left , and social democrats ? 
  of course there are , voting for a party that is technically left wing does not mean that you 're completely free of bigotry and prejudice . 
   err no , the political landscape is unhappy with merkel because she inadvertently invited all wannabe immigrants to germany , but then left the local politicians to deal with the aftermath . 
  without a sufficient budget , without a clue how many could possibly show up . 
  ... that is exactly what i said . 
  she 's not doing enough for the refugees . 
  i know , all views are bad ; so people like you who call everbody equally retarded can feel superior . 
  you 're essentially asking me to provide a citation for `` the human hand has five fingers '' . 
  even then , i have actually provided you an example to read up , if you do n't bother to do so that 's not my fault . 
  ... are you fucking kidding me . 
  i wo n't cite you the entirety of the movements history and ideas to prove such an incredibly obvious and easily observable point . 
  if you genuinely doubt my statement , just start by reading up on the `` conservative revolution '' . 
  no , they 're less educated . 
  it 's obvious that certain issues like racism , religious fundamentalism and conspiracy theories are tied to a lack of education . 
  conservative views are simple views , so they 're easily accepted by people who were never taught anything else . 
  so what ? 
  as i said , in states with less immigrants , we have a stronger anti-immigrant sentiment . 
  if they only move into the `` poor areas '' - which is actually somewhat questionable considering east german city structure - they still do so in other states as well and there still are less of them . 
  yet as said , there is more racism . 
  so no , the anti-immigrant sentiment is not a logic reaction by poor people , and similarly , it being less pronounced with more educated people is similarly not solely caused by them supposedly being rich , but by the more obvious cause , which is that , duh , they 're more educated . 
   that just makes the movement seem stupid , and carries the danger of the whole movement being associated with some nutjob that actually makes an attempt on the life of a politician . 
  the movement always looked stupid . 
  as i said before , this is the whole ridiculousness of this whole `` i 'm just a moderate '' argument , instantly followed by defending some batshit crazy movement . 
  all those movements where always crazy . 
  they were never moderate . 
  they had nazis and conspiracy theorists on board from day one . 
  parties like the afd did n't suddenly `` become '' right wing , they always were . 
  if anyone genuinely believed that those groups were at any point moderate , then they either are n't even close to `` moderate '' themselves and thus have a hugely screwed imagination of the word ; or they 're simply tremendously stupid . 
   this kind of over generalization is precisely the problem . 
  you make a reasoned , level headed discussion impossible by conveniently labeling everyone a nazi and then you wonder where the growing numbers of radicals come from . 
  okay . 
  and pretending that the people literally shouting nazi chants are not nazis makes discussion possible exactly how ? 
  this is the whole fucking problem with the whole `` i 'm just a moderate but i 'm always labeled a nazi ! '', 
  if you , as a moderate , see the need to defend those certain kind of people , you 're are certainly not a moderate . 
   so essentially the people who will never have immigrants in their neighbourhoods are less worried about immigration ? 
  actually , exactly the opposite . 
  the regions with the lowest rates of immigrants are most racist . 
  for example saxony , where the major nazi protests and many of the terrorist acts occur , has less than 0,5 % muslims . 
  lets read the actual article instead of just the headline :  the proportion of those in favour of a resignation were particularly high among the supporters of right-wing party alternative for germany ( 86 per cent ) , the liberal fdp ( 39 per cent ) and left-wing die linke ( 38 per cent ) . 
   the proposal found fewer supporters among voters of the governing christian democrats and the christian social union ( 14 per cent ) , its coalition partner the social democrats ( 30 per cent ) and the greens ( 20 per cent ) . 
  so what do we have here ? 
  fdp is n't even in parliament , nor is afd , because they have less than 5 % . 
  we can also assume that while it is certainly possible that some racists exist within the greens , the left and the social democrats - especially the social democrats - the majority of those people are unhappy with merkel because she 's not doing enough for the refugees . 
  so that essentially leaves us with with the entirety of the national conservatives and nazis , some of the libertarians and a minor part of the cdu/csu - conservatives again . 
  this is n't a sudden shift in opinion , it 's not a wake up call , it 's the same old reactionary bullshit as ever . 
   foreigners have no right to lecture us on justice , good and bad , order and chaos . 
  these are terms for americans and americans alone to interpret , for domestic matters . 
  no they 're not , and thinking so makes you a tremendous idiot . 
  ethics have to be universal , cultural relativism is bullshit . 
   this shity humantarian attitude is playing with money that is meant for the country and that countrys people !, 
  and now its being given away to people who havent worked a day to deserve it !, 
  why am i supposed to care more about `` my country and my countries people '' than about people in general ? 
   and now its being given away to people who havent worked a day to deserve it !, 
  and it always was . 
  you do n't have to work to receive welfare in germany . 
   yes but i assume higher acceptance rates for the future ( about 60 % ) since people will just learn the german processes , identify weaknesses and exploit them . 
  seek real refugees who are similar skin color , memorize their stories , make up stories , buy forged documents , bribe translators , bribe officials . 
  that would be very hard though since the majority of denied asylum seekers come from eastern europe , and the the rejection rates for those countries are in the single digits . 
  ( somewhat unfairly , actually , because many of those are roma and would deserve protection . ), 
  those people ca n't just pretend to come from a syrian warzone .
