  tell me exactly what we 're losing by specifically banning abuse . 
   what system is there to prevent immigrants from stealing , raping and murdering ? 
  the same system that already applies to everyone else ? 
  i seriously do n't understand the question . 
  as a eu citizen , you can already freely travel across the continent . 
  as a eu citizen , it is n't any easier to identify you when not caught in the act either . 
  and crimes are obviously judged by lex loci actus , since that 's the jurisdiction accusing you of the crime and demanding your extradition . 
  what value do we get from online abuse that would be lost if we banned it ? 
  of course you 're supporting them . 
  it 's fucking ridiculous that we pretend that dismissing abuse as not worthy of concern is not implicitly supporting the abuser . 
  this is at least the third thread on the exact same topic , even the exact same incident ; and now by the fucking daily mail . 
   i was under the impression they had problems actually convicting these people . 
  and where is that impression coming from ? 
   but currently the intellectual criticism of islamism in europe is something that is carefully whispered in the corner . 
  this is a profound failure of european intellectuals . 
  what tremendous bullshit . 
  as others have said , it has been debunked , it is criticized all the time , even by muslim organizations . 
  the problem is that at the same time , the same academics and organizations also have to defend against idiots crying `` it 's about islam itself they 're all savages they 're destroying europe we need to protect our people '' . 
  many of the investigations and court proceedings are still ongoing . 
  i ca n't find an exact number , but that 's what it basically boils down to . 
  this is all still a very recent phenomenon and anti-terror cases can take their time . 
   mentality , upbringing  schools ca n't contribute towards any of those . 
  i know this might come as an incredible surprise to people like you , who constantly like to pull the `` we should care about [ more important issue ] first , so shut up '' card , but supranational organizations , yes , even mere individual people can actually care about multiple issues . 
  yes , i know , unbelievable . 
   thats not violence . 
  assholes around the world will surely appreciate your support for them . 
  the whole `` lol shutoff the computer '' is a very common , yet incredibly idiotic response to the issue of cyber violence . 
  the point is , you 're closing your browser . 
  you 're not shutting off the internet . 
  people do n't stop smearing your name , they do n't stop spreading your personal information , they do n't stop the stuff leaking into your everyday life - stalking , swattings , troll deliveries , etc. 
  it can also not be a viable solution to ask people to just stop having an online life when faced with cyber violence . 
  that 's like a witness protection program consisting of `` just never leave your house '' . 
   either way , who gives a shit where fgm came from . 
  it 's becoming a muslim trait . 
  because there 's no other way to explain indonesia . 
  hey , who gives a shit about context or actually helping anyone . 
  the important thing is that we can keep the anti-islam circlejerk going !, 
   btw : i 'm sorry if i sound a bit aggressive , i 'm just not in the mood to sugarcoat opinions right now . 
  :p maybe try some less opinions straight out of nazi propaganda , then you wo n't sound like an aggressive moron . 
  seriously . 
  `` they should have stayed a colony . '', 
  `` germanization '' . 
  `` they stopped being actual refugees '' . 
  `` not with my money '' . 
  `` national treason '' . 
  fuck you . 
  if this country will get destroyed by anything in the forseeable future , it wo n't be muslims but people like you . 
   so what you demand is that the people that do n't agree with you should emigrate and create their own state on land where people already live and if the original population do n't want them , they should get the fuck out of the new peoples land ? 
  oh ... and if they do n't want to get out , maybe they should be put in camps ? 
  this is how we got millions of palestinian refugees . 
  simply retarded . 
  it 's great how you can feel empathy for the imaginary refugees in this scenario , but not for the real ones . 
   they 're independent states `` oh , they 're independent states !, 
  we do n't care whether they violate human rights with the weapons we give them . 
  just fuck those people . 
  if they did n't want to get oppressed by their government , they should have just been born elsewhere . '', 
   question : if we stop selling them weapons , should we also stop giving them economic help ( ignore here please that we profit of it and just assume it would be real free money ) ? 
  we should make sure that that economic help actually reaches the people in need and does n't just disappear in a corrupt administration . 
  but no , we should n't stop it , why would we . 
  i 'd also like to point you at the fact that the biggest buyers of german weapons in the middle east are hardly poor and/or dependent on foreign aid . 
   or we could like just kill all ourselves and give them our land for free ? 
  but why should we hurt ourselves ? 
  maybe we should to that . 
  or at least the people who are already so deeply concerned about living in the new caliphate . 
  maybe they should just kill themselves or simply emigrate before the beheadings start . 
  i 'd be very much on board with that . 
   also i 'm not even against taking refugees , but it 's retarded to think that there is a causation between weapon export and refugees going to the places where the weapons are produce . 
  i 'm not saying that the weapon exports are causing them to specifically go here , but we definitely are responsible for the violence committed with the weapons exported . 
  or you know , we could stop exporting weapons into countries known for human rights abuse and take in refugees ... 
  instead of going `` haha , well , sucks for you i guess '' . 
  i love what the comparisons of the two parties show about how even their own voters see the conservatives . 
  `` yeah , those people are dishonest , out of touch pricks who do n't give a shit about peoples interests , but boy , they 're really good at doing that !, 
  we should vote for them ! '', 
  oh please not this `` but it 's some weird country in the desert ! '', 
  again . 
  `` do they even know what taxes are ? 
  that you need to pay rent ? 
  what a 9 to 5 job is ? 
  do they go to the doctor or do they just rub herbs all over their body and chant weird stuff ? '', 
  i think that sort of cherrypicking is stupid . 
  yeah , the federal government assigned the refugees , but that does n't mean they 're responsible for the shitty decisions of the mayor . 
  if i hand you a bag of money to keep an eye on , and you start digging a hole in the middle of the road to hide it , it 's not my fault either that you destroyed a public road . 
  and people would be really stupid to tell me `` well , this would n't have happened if you did n't ask him to keep an eye on that bag of money ! '', 
  as i said , it originated there , then spread elsewhere . 
  the fact that it is so prevalent specifically in iraqi kurdistan actually shows us how incredibly regionalized this behavior can get . 
  [ just look at this map . 
  ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:fgm_prevalence_unicef_2015.svg ) the countries with the highest incidence of fgm are n't even bordering one another , there 's vast space inbetween them where it 's still obviously a problem , but the rates are way lower . 
  okay , lets try to word it this way , with the example of the autobahn : is building a autobahn automatically bad ? 
  is it bad when the nazis build a autobahn ? 
  yes , because they 're doing it for reasons connected to nazi ideology as a whole . 
  is it therefore wrong to build another autobahn , for other reasons , after the nazis have done so ; or use the autobahn for purposes not longer related to nazi ideology ? 
  no again . 
  the idea is that we can never say `` i disagree with everything about this political ideology , but this one thing they are doing is right . '', 
  no , it can not be right in that particular instance , done by people of that particular political ideology , because it is connected to all the things you consider wrong about it . 
  it does not mean that doing the same thing , but with an entirely different political intention , is wrong as well . 
   i have to ask , however , what you meant by your statement that `` right wingers are espousing a reactionary ideology itself '' ? 
  reactionary as opposed to ... ? 
  ideologies are just reactionary , you do n't have to compare them to anything . 
  in the same way that things are n't `` communist compared to '' or the like - they 're communist , or reactionary , for fulfilling the definition of what is communist or reactionary . 
  first they came for the incredibly rich people 's money and i said nothing ; for i am not an incredibly rich people .
