  i guess it has something to do with that when you hear the same exaggerated stories over and over again , you start believing them yourselves . 
   help them build an army okay . 
  which one ? 
  one for the government ? 
  one for the rebels ? 
  which ones ? 
  not to mention that drafted armies are n't particularly effective . 
  regarding c : if we look at young men specifically , they 're often the sons of the family . 
  so they 're not leaving `` their wife and children '' , they 're sent away by their parents because they think that they 'll have the best chances . 
   this is what should have been keep doing it brought 20.000 people in three waves . 
  over two years . 
  that 's fucking ridiculous . 
  pretending that this would be a solution is like shouting `` we did it , we solved climate change ! '', 
  every time you park your car and turn it off . 
   if we can no longer control who comes to germany then we simple should admit that we are no longer a country that certainly would n't be the worst thing to happen , actually . 
   where are the background checks for the men coming from syria , afghanistan , etc etc. ? 
  in the asylum application process . 
  what do you think that consists of ? 
  throwing dice ? 
   ah yes , the good old `` since the bible does it it 's kind of okay '' . 
  no , not `` since the bible does it it 's okay '' . 
  but constantly pretending that christianity ( and by that extent , judaism ) are able of reform while islam is not , is just thinly veiled racism . 
   and then , of course , you conflate respecting someone else 's right to a belief with criticism of said belief . 
  i can criticize peoples beliefs . 
  i can not criticize that they choose to believe anything at all , at least without being a massive asshole . 
   how is it that my right to unbelief is not attacked by their proselytizing , but that their right to belief is by mine , or anybody else 's ? 
  atheism is not a belief . 
  if you try to `` convert '' anyone to atheism by means of `` if you 're religious you 're dumb and a terrorist '' , you 're as big an asshole as the person trying to convert you to christianity with warnings that you 'll go to hell otherwise . 
   you must therefore know that islam opposes all form of polytheism and does so quite explicitly . 
  ... and so does the bible . 
  i really do n't see the point . 
  you 're making the same old `` it 's part of the quran so there 's no possible form of islam without it ; but christianity can somehow exist without a literal bible interpretation '' mistake . 
  yes , everyone who goes to pegida rallies is either a extremist , or too fucking dumb to recognize that he went to a rally solely visited by , organized by and catering to extremists . 
   so your defense of `` the jews do it so it so you ca n't complain when muslims do it '' does not hold water . 
  ... my point is not that `` they should be able to do it as well '' . 
  i think gender segregated seating is a bad idea for everyone . 
  my point is that we 're clearly singling out the muslims for their alledged backwardness while happily ignoring everything that does n't fit the anti-islam circlejerk . 
   also , there are actual movements aimed at reforming judaism , including bringing an end to the segregation you described . 
  there are no such equivalent movements for reforming islam . 
  are you honestly asking me to respond to such a fucking ridiculous statement . 
   well it certainly will be in a few years , since your politicians have completely ignored the lessons learned from other european countries . 
  well then the solution should be adressing the current problem of right wing extremism and work to integrate people as to not make future extremism a thing . 
  instead of feeding the former in hope of stopping the hypothetical latter . 
   someone must have converted them . 
  and what point are you trying to make ? 
   do n't be stupid , i did n't say that at all . 
  `` cultural sensitivity '' was a literal quote . 
  by the way , jews have seating orders separated by genders as well , yet i do n't see a major protest against that . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's okay , but it 's clear that people are specifically targeting muslims , despite all the `` outrageous '' and archaic elements of their religion being hardly unique . 
   i am not moderate because i am not pro refugee ? 
  is there a moderate anti-gay movement ? 
  i thought so , and that 's the point . 
  `` pro-refugee '' means , you respect the constitutional right to asylum , and you recognize that there can be no constitutional limit on that . 
  it means that you recognize that someone has to take the refugees in , and that we ca n't just push them from one country to another . 
  it means that you want better conditions for them , instead of more restrictions and more distrust based on irrational fearmongering . 
  being pro-refugee does not mean ignoring the deteroriating conditions that they suffer because fucking hell , how could it . 
  being pro-refugee does not mean being pro-islamist or to ignore crime or to not want to push respect for human rights and freedoms . 
  because , again , fucking hell , how could it . 
  the point is , whenever someone says `` i 'm pro-refugee but i want to close the borders because we 're full/because we need to force the other countries to take refugees as well/should solve the local conflict/etc . 
  '' , they 're compromising their own position . 
  because yes , there is a limit to how many people we can take - although we 're still far from reaching it - and yes , we should ensure that other countries share the burden , while providing adequate and humane accomodation , and yes , we should solve the local factors that lead to people fleeing . 
  but the point is , while we do that , while we talk about doing it , while we discuss whether we should even do it , those people are still there . 
  they still need our help . 
  we need to do all of the things above . 
  but we ca n't do them right now , this very instant . 
  because the people are still there . 
  they wo n't wait for a promised solution , and they should n't , because that would compromise on the very values we 're so often pretending to defend . 
   no you trying to be some gutmensch who is just trying to stroke your ego . 
  ... and you 'll know them by their words . 
  of course , but i also read the bible and lot of that stuff made me raise the eyebrow as well . 
  but like any mature person with a worldview not entirely centered around / r/atheism i 'm able to respect peoples general right to a religion instead of participating in the tremendously stupid `` we need to destroy all religion all religion is poison if you 're reasonable why have a religion '' circlejerk . 
  so no , there can be no moderate movement that opposes a whole religion , any whole religion . 
  well , how about starting with the fact that the german islamist scene is dominated by converts , as i have pointed out a thousand times on this sub . 
  many of the people traveling to fight with isis are converts too . 
  the rest of your post is the old `` oh no political correctness '' strawman . 
  really , show me the major german politican who has somehow advocated that we need to let people become islamists and fight for isis because of `` cultural sensitivity '' . 
  those moderate groups do already exist . 
  or rather , their positions are already covered by existing groups . 
  every single pro-refugee and leftist group i know opposes islamism . 
  you just hear much less about it because guess what , islamism is currently not a major problem here ; national conservatism and nazism is . 
   do you have a source for that ? 
  yes , and they 'll not describe themselves as anti-islam , in the same way that i do n't describe myself as anti-christianity . 
  if you 're anti the whole fucking religion , you 're an extremist . 
   do you consider it an `` extremist view '' to be concerned that thousands of european muslims chose to travel to the middle east to fight for isis ? 
  no , but what is your conclusion from that ? 
  okay , so let me try to make this easier for you : with pegida , you have a massive rally , speakers with clearly defined opinions and well known backgrounds and you 're surrounded by people voicing clear and obvious opinions themselves , sometimes even carrying them on signs . 
  there are only three possibiities why you might stay with those people : a , you 're a nazi , like them . 
  b , you 're not a nazi but have no problem allying with them , making you not any better than them . 
  c , you 're too fucking dumb to recognize all those clear and obvious signs , in which case ignorance does n't absolve you of guilt . 
  on the other hand , refugees are a lose group solely defined by fleeing . 
  does that make the difference any clearer ? 
  no , i actually have a quran at home , and i 've read it . 
  well sorry , but then you are not a moderate , so do n't be amazed that there is no moderate movement for you . 
  the voting behavior of the muslims already here and granted citizenship is largely identical to the german population . 
  the cause of pegida is n't `` limitless immigration '' , which is a straw man anyway . 
  the cause of pegida is fighting an imaginary islamization of germany , and some other popular conservative/new right topics . 
  it 's also bullshit that you ca n't be against merkel without being labelled a nazi . 
  several left-wing and pro-refugee protests have voiced their disapproval with merkel , and the only one labelling them nazis are the right-wingers themselves because well , they really are n't the brightest . 
  then there are six extremists . 
  i do n't see how this was meant to prove me wrong .
