  how is this in any way `` uncharacteristic '' of merkel ? 
  she 's a conservative . 
  as they have pointed out here , she has said the exact same thing four years earlier . 
  and i do n't know how many times i have to repeat that her actual policies , not speeches , are blatantly anti-refugee . 
  people keep treating her like she has taken a sudden turn to the left when in reality , unlike others , she has simply stayed where she always stood . 
  i talked to an american once who thought the earth was only 10.000 years old . 
  stupid americans , all the same . 
  [ citation needed ], 
   somehow it does piss them really off  you 're really bad at judging people . 
  i can assure you : the half with very small interest in politics will wonder what the fuck you 're talking about . 
  the ones who are more interested in politics will simply cringe . 
  they 'll actually suspect that you posted that on reddit before and found it necessary to include two smilies , because that 's just how it sounds like . 
  do you think that any sort of nazis exist at all , and if yes , what defines them ? 
  yes , being against nazis is literally being a nazi . 
  that 's totally how horseshoe theory works . 
   it 's also highly important that people do n't have to go look for odd jobs in the informal economy to be able to eat and stay warm . 
  disruption of the local labour market is always a major concern to host countries . 
  you know , one possibility to do that would be to actually allow refugees to work . 
   you do n't need to make it a full city as such . 
  people need a safe and reasonably comfortable place to sleep , to eat/drink , to wash , to have health care , and education for the younger ones . 
  yes , and that is a full city . 
  you ca n't expect to run a camp with hundreds of thousands or even millions of people in it like an ordinary camping place . 
  you might notice how even that ordinary camping place has permanent buildings for stuff like sanitation , and unlike a refugee camp again , an ordinary camping place is linked to local infrastructure and not in the middle of a desert . 
   i guess it 's inhumane to call spain generally safe , then ? 
  how about poland ? 
  tell me about all the refugees from poland and spain . 
  i considered it obvious that i referred to countries where people actually come from . 
  also , yes , with that new government i see poland becoming a country i 'd consider unsafe in the near future . 
   i 'm not heavily invested in how that 's defined , but it 's blatantly obvious that someone who starts to `` flee '' in pakistan and makes his first application for asylum in sweden is full of shit about needing to flee from iran , iraq , turkey , greece , macedonia , serbia , croatia , slovenia , austria , germany and denmark . 
  so we 're back not only at the stupid idea of `` everyone is an economic immigrant because they passed through all those safe countries '' - so evidently , germany `` ca n't take in the rest of the world '' but countries like greece are expected to do so - but you 're also calling countries like iran and iraq `` safe '' enough to stay there . 
   sure , but when it comes to these large numbers , hitting the exact number would be near impossible anyway . 
  my university did n't even manage to hit any class strength guidelines , and working for the govt i can tell you from experience , that quotas are never kept down to the last number . 
  yeah , but that is sort of what i mean . 
  everyone in that university will know fully well that they have gotten some random quota that does n't even matter anyway , and nobody will talk about it because really , why should anybody care . 
  but when we tell people `` here 's the quota , that 's the amount of refugees we will take in '' and then we do n't actually do exactly that - which is , as said , impossible - they will get angry because they do actually care about that quota . 
   which is why the outer borders of the eu need to be guarded as an additional measure . 
  the western route is almost entirely locked down to illegal crossings , as millions would use that route if passage were as free as at the balkan route in late summer . 
  that way you also do n't have as much people fleeing from wars have to board an instable raft in order to get into europe . 
  i do n't understand how people can keep on insisting that closing borders will somehow keep refugees away . 
  why are they crossing incredibly dangerous routes over the mediterranean ? 
  because the other routes are closed , that 's why . 
  if we genuinely want to help those people , we need to open borders , not close them . 
   `` realistic '' both defined by what can a country shoulder at such ( admittedly shameful ) short notice and how a significant number of refugees can be helped . 
  in my opinion you ca n't ignore either , or you have refugees freezing in tents and gyms full of people living there for months . 
  also , the current complete loss of control of entries opens up a wide door to abuse of the asylum system , which we can in part already see today . 
  i agree that those problems are there , but ask anyone actually involved , people voluntarily helping refugees , and they will tell you that those problems are artificially created . 
  refugees are forced to sit in the freezing cold with empty , heated tents a few meters away . 
  volunteers are sent to empty halls with refugees already sent elsewhere . 
  the administrative structure for registering and deciding about eligibility for asylum are abysmal , but there are zero attempts to improve them . 
  integration is actively prohibited . 
  there 's empty buildings all around , especially here in easern germany , and nobody uses them ; which is also due to the government refusing to offer the necessary funds and because , despite knowing about the crisis and coming problems for years , nobody bothered to renovate or construct something new so far . 
  digging is the real fascism . 
  keyboards are the real fascists . 
   first , provide adequate living conditions in refugee camps . 
  that simply wo n't work , and i honestly do n't know what people believe those camps to be like . 
  they 're entirely improvised , in the middle of the desert , and illegal . 
  if we wanted to provide adequate living conditions in them , they 'd need to be built into whole cities with their own infrastructure - water , electricity , etc. 
  we 'd need to carry material and workers into regions that could easily be warzones soon afterwards as well . 
  and guess what , you ca n't just build cities in other countries without their approval - and those countries sure wo n't give that approval . 
   third , refuse anyone 's asylum request if they come directly from a country which is currently not at war , experiencing a severe natural disaster or under a recognized oppressive government . 
  and send them right on back there , preferably within 24 hours . 
  that presumes that we can actually register people fast enough . 
  within the first 24 hours , most refugees wo n't even get registered . 
  ironically , that kind of rule would actually lead to more people being taken in as right now , even syrians are checked specifically for their eligibility . 
  people from oppressive regimes like iran might not even be granted asylum at all as they have to specifically show that they face prosecution personally . 
  at the same time though , broadly declaring whole countries generally `` safe '' for everyone is absolutely inhumane . 
  i do n't know what this focus on `` slow changes '' is supposed to accomplish . 
  positive changes need some kind of incentive , and are always somehow sudden . 
  slow changes are far more likely to represent decay . 
  on certainly does n't have to agree with sundes idea of revolution and a total collapse of capitalism , but it 's naive to assume that things like net neutrality will somehow slowly grow without there even being any sort of incentive . 
   well we might agree that it 's a different level of calling someone a nazi/racist for an opinion and calling someone a communist/liberal for an opinion . 
  the former accuses you of being an indecent monster of a human ( i.e. 
  subhuman ) who 's opinion should be disregarded by every decent , humanistic person , the latter accuses you of being an idealistic idiot with too soft of a heart for fellow humans . 
  well then maybe you should think whether there could be anything that is simply wrong with right wing politics in general when that 's what immediately springs to mind . 
  net neutrality does n't have anything to do with copyright though . 
  and , well , the only people interested in abolishing net neutrality are the companies . 
  that 's the inherent problem of capitalism . 
  it 's not a genuinely democratic system that people have decided for because it 's just so fucking great , but because the actual , sole benefecators of capitalist policies have convinced everyone that it will benefit them eventually . 
  the problem is the middle class that constantly believes itself to belong to those benefecators , and are thus instrumentalized by them . 
  look at the us and its `` everyone can be an entrepeneur one day '' attitude . 
  no , not everyone can be an entrepeneur one day - it 's the too many chiefs problem . 
  look at small business owners opposing inheritance law that everyone with a business worth fewer then multiple millions is exempt from . 
  and , again , look at the abolishment of net neutrality . 
  no , that 's the point . 
  the direct democracy of councils depends on them being re-callable , which , in theory , makes corruption impossible . 
  i 'll try to explain it very easily : the whole population is split into certain units . 
  that could be the inhabitants of the house , all the workers in a factory , or a specific department of the factory . 
  now , whenever a decision is to be made , all those members of the unit make a decision and send one person to represent that decision . 
  that person then represents it on a higher level . 
  those councils might have higher councils above them , so they as well make a decision and send someone to represent it . 
  so the councils are effectively just transmitting the decision from below ; unlike representative democracy where those representatives can , once they 're elected , basically do what they want - only checked by their obvious interest to get reelected . 
  of course , there are many problems with the actual application of such a system , but no , it 's not as simple as you seem to think . 
  or `` the destruction of europe through the invasion of barbarians and the infiltration of communists '' while we 're at it . 
  and cats are dogs and neo-nazis are the real democrats ? 
  argh how does this work, 
  yes , it 's totally not like leftists are called `` communists '' all the fucking time . 
  or `` left-fascist '' , which recently got popular in germany on guess what side . 
  hell , people are calling merkel that and there really is no reason to . 
  as it is not directly linked in the daily beast article , here is the response from hope not hate concerning two of the names in there , and the removal of the third one : http://www.hopenothate.org.uk/blog/nick/answering-our-critics-the-counter-jihad-movement-exposed-4668, 
  please stop talking like a walking clich\u00e9 .
