  '' , and that some obsessive guy now keeps quoting at me because they evidently do n't understand rhetorical devices . 
  i think there are only two kind of stances towards the state that could be considered intellectually consistent . 
  either i have this kind of hypothetical `` why should i care about anyone ? '', 
  attitude , then i would n't want the state to benefit anyone - or if i 'm particularly arrogant , only me any the people i care about , which would n't be intellectually consistent again . 
  or i have to say , the state has to benefit everyone , whether i like them personally or not . 
  what i consider utterly hypocritical is this kind of attitude where people try to tell me which arbitrary group i 'm supposed to care about and which not . 
  because , and that 's what i meant , i do n't care about those people on a personal level , and i never will no matter how often nationalist idiots try to summon some kind of `` connection '' between us . 
  i care about them on a moral , humanist level ; where i consider them to be deserving of equal rights . 
  but then those equal rights have to apply to everyone . 
  so either it 's anarchy or equality . 
  but some kind of mandated ethnic favoritism , that 's just utterly stupid . 
  have you ever noticed that the people who care the most about this sort of history are the ones who want to forget it ? 
  i mean , sorry to dissapoint you , but i really do n't care about any of that . 
  i do n't care whether some country has a history of colonialism , i consider it our obligation to help simply because it is the right thing to do . 
  and i really would n't consider nationalism any less inacceptable and pathetic if my country had not commited the holocaust . 
  i 'd love to see them fixing their own countries , but this is simply not happening , and i do n't think that simple solutions are possible in a globalized world . 
  so we 'll have to step in . 
  and that means taking in refugees and providing them a future , then solving those problems locally ; not closing the borders and making vague promises that we all know will never get fulfilled because why the hell would they . 
  if the refugees stay out , why should we care . 
  we need the refugees , we need them to be burdensome because otherwise we would just not bother to do anything . 
   but you do n't have people to integrate and distribute if they are n't coming . 
  yes and we do n't need childcares if we just make abortions mandatory for everyone . 
  your point ? 
   no you 're not . 
  you 're failing at providing housing to the refugees you already have , you 're failing to provide them with language lessons , you 're failing at providing them with education and jobs or really anything meaningful to do . 
  there 's hundreds of thousands still stuck in `` temporary '' shelters waiting for asylum decisions while slowly dying on the inside from frustration . 
  indeed we do , but that is a problem of relatives , not absolutes . 
  if someone with an empty hotel says `` sorry i wo n't give you a room '' , it does not mean that the hotel is at capacity in absolute terms . 
  it 's similar with refugees in germany . 
  merkels failure is n't that she has allowed refugees in the country , it 's that she has done so and then done nothing else . 
  germany would be able to take in the current refugees and many more quite easily if we actually allowed integration and allocated the necessary funds . 
  this is not a problem of natural limits , it 's an artificially created one . 
  indeed , and that is sort of the point . 
  `` immigration '' was never the problem , and immigration does n't stop because it 's stuck at some fence . 
  the problem was : how to integrate those people , how to distribute them . 
  we 're not solving that problem , we 're just avoiding it . 
   and a country should prioritise it 's own citizens , not those of other countries . 
  why ? 
  i 'd happily exchange every german asshole for some refugees . 
  why am i somehow obliged to care for people i just do n't give a fuck about ? 
   there are limits and when those limits are reached , but we honestly have no fucking idea right now what those limits are . 
  sure , we ca n't take in the whole world , but it 's not like we got close that yet . 
  we said that we could n't take more three years ago , we 're saying it now . 
  we 're somehow still handling it fine . 
   closing borders to `` solve '' immigration is like `` solving '' financial difficulties by not spending as much money . 
  which is stupid as well , as greece is showing us every day . 
   stop seeing europe as an open area for everyone to be save in but as multiple companies which can not spend all their money and resources on one issue . 
  okay . 
  then , as i said , lets take in the refugees and deport the people who want to be dicks about it . 
  if we want to go with the company-comparison , we can just `` fire '' those people we do n't like and take others instead , right ? 
  exactly , so it has solved nothing . 
  it has merely eliminated the hard parts of trying to solve a problem . 
  closing borders to `` solve '' immigration is like `` solving '' a lack of teachers by just not offering public education anymore . 
  it 's called `` das kind mit der wanne auskippen '' . 
   does anyone care ? 
  well honestly , i do n't . 
  i 've said it so many times before : they want to go ? 
  then let them go . 
  see how it turns out . 
  politicians like cameron have abused the threat of brexit for years despite being aware of the expected consequences . 
  britain has made it its official eu policy to pick the benefits it likes and leave all the responsibilities it does n't ; and has only be able to run this policy through this permanent threat . 
  so , seriously , just let them go . 
  lets see whether britain will pull through - good for them - or whether it will fail disastrously - which i expect to happen . 
  in that case , lets see whether people finally wake up and call out the politicians who wanted to play with fire . 
   so where 's all the people that said closing the borders is n't a solution ? 
  here . 
  so what exactly has that closing of the borders solved ? 
  i honestly do n't see why i would even need a word to describe what i assume this word wants to describe . 
   ethnomasochistic now this is one of the most stupid words i 've ever read . 
  but belgium is n't `` overrun by fascists '' , there is no country next door with a population convinced by such a fascist ideology planning an invasion . 
  it has problems with some of their citizens convinced of such an ideology . 
  that is , at best , comparable to the weimar republic . 
  it 's the difference between domestic policy - addressing political extremism in the population - and foreign policy - having a fascist country next door . 
  no , he could possibly be prosecuted if turkey presses charges . 
  i also do n't get the part about `` his own government '' , well of course its our own government that pushes its own laws . 
  do you expect the turkish government to investigate a potential breach of german laws ? 
  i meant , i 'd probably be somewhat misanthropic too if most people just saw my country as `` the place we go to for cheap cigarettes and counterfeits '' . 
  ( people might actually tell you about prague being a beautiful city - which it is - but for most it 's probably more connected to shitty 9th grade school trips where you drank your first beer and passed out than to its rich cultural heritage . ), 
  ... and this is connected to the current situation exactly how ? 
  i think this is one of those typical stories where someone just threw some random exaggeration in the room and slowly it becomes a `` fact '' . 
  there is a similar situation in germany where `` 70 % of refugees are young men '' is regularly used as a number . 
  this is not supported by any sort of statistic but nonetheless constantly thrown around . 
  and the more you think about it the more it seems like this random `` oh , i see very many of those , they are probably the majority , probably more then 50 % , they 're like 70 % , yeah , that sounds good '' number someone just pulled out of their ass to appear credible . 
  uh , no , not really . 
  there are some experts who say one thing , there are others who say another thing ( for example whether we 'll have to lower minimum wage for immigrants ) . 
  it is true though that somehow , most tend to arrive at similar conclusions . 
  which is sort of expected when you consider that those people should have more insight then the average person . 
  nonetheless , this does n't really address my point : what value is there in picking out this anecdote and then just ignoring the part of the article that suggests actual solutions ? 
  indeed it is . 
  good that we talked about it . 
  edit : and for anyone who 's actually interested in the story behind the flair and not just in finding a reason to downvote me : it 's based on a discussion i had with another user a few months ago about whether angela merkel is a conservative . 
  so i asked this other user what they believed merkel 's political ideology to be then if not conservative and their response was literally `` conservative islamic communism '' . 
  ( and the person was , looking at the rest of the discussion , not trolling ; just utterly delusional ) i found this absolutely hilarious and so very telling about the whole climate of discussion on this sub that i made it my new flair . 
   these so-called experts gaved way too many failed predictions already what exactly do you have in mind here ? 
  besides , i 'm not saying that those experts are infallible . 
  i 'm saying that their ideas , whether they turn out to be right or not , are far more interesting then this anecdote . 
  when the article is reduced to that by the the headline and the following comments , i just have to ask : so what ? 
  we have heard the anecdote , what now ? 
  it 's just not really interesting . 
  it 's like i told you `` there 's poop on the street '' .
