  how about finally addressing the actual issues - corruption , capitalism , lack of welfare - instead of complaining about refugees . 
  your argument amounts to `` because we treat those people like shit , we should treat others like shit as well '' . 
  that 's a very effective excuse for a state to never actually improve the quality of life of its citizens . 
  and the fucking point is that we do not spend money on the refugee camps . 
  because guess what , they 're outside europe , so no one gives a flying fuck . 
  we 're happy as long as people do n't die in our frontyard . 
  people are constantly acting as if providing for refugees here is the reason for no money being send to the camps , when in reality , it 's the other way round , people are coming here because we did n't do anything for the camps . 
  and it 's honestly questionable whether doing anything for those camps would actually be useful , at least as a long term solution . 
  i 'm all for creating camps where they get immediate help and then transit to europe . 
  but pretending that we can provide a humane solution to the crisis solely by funding camps down there is naive . 
  merkels decision is only driven by `` german guilt '' in so far that our nazi past means that until recently , luckily , there were n't any major nationalist parties . 
  even now , those parties are stuck in the single digits , while elsewhere , they 're already leading the government . 
  no matter how hard people insist that she is n't : merkel is a conservative . 
  we just keep forgetting that because we 're so used to broad support for fascist parties all across europe that a center-right winger can be considered a radical leftist these days simply for upholding the principle of asylum . 
  how am i talking out of my arse by making the common sense observation that surveillance services tend to not know the identity of every single member of a terrorist organization confidently labeling itself a state ; while your insistence that `` duh uh , they might know that '' is considered perfectly reasonable ? 
  so please , if you have some head of a surveillance service saying that they totally know every single member of isis and would be able to filter them out if we just had border controls , show me that . 
  and you seem to assume that the majority if not all of the immigrants do not want to be integrated . 
  you 're right that we have a problem with communities refusing to integrate . 
  that does not mean it 's impossible , that we should n't try , that we could only integrate this ridiculously low number of people . 
  again , by claiming how hard this is and that we just ca n't handle it , you 're effectively declaring the moral bankruptcy of the nations of europe . 
  in which case there really is no way for them to survive anyway . 
  if we actually get the islamic caliphate of europe , we probably deserved it . 
   why it 's up to europe to `` integrate '' people who have already demonstrated complete lack of respect for eu law ? 
  by you logic , i dare say that almost no one living in europe could be integrated . 
  because guess what , we all break rules , most people just never get caught . 
  we may even have to question whether all those laws are good . 
  that is part of integration . 
  not just telling people , those are the rules you have to abide by , but first questioning whether those rules are actually good . 
  and that one certainly is n't . 
   p.s. 
  and yes , in case of actual war refugees , who are the minority in this influx of economic migrants , it 's still up to them to be gracious , respect their host country , and integrate into it 's society . 
  how are they the minority ? 
  50 % of refugees having come to germany in the last months are syrians , with another 15 % from iraq and afghanistan . 
  surveillance services know mostly about leaders , already known major terrorists and about people having left from europe to fight for isis . 
  it really is n't hard for isis to not send either of those . 
   is airport security also completely idiotic ?? 
  yes , in its current form , as it has been shown to not do much . 
   what about guns and grenades , which are smuggled throughout europe and from outside ? 
  you have an incredibly naive idea of how terrorist operate . 
  weapon smuggling is n't done by `` fake refugees '' . 
  and if you want guns and explosives , you can legally obtain them . 
  do i need to remind you that anders brevik , specifically because he believed in this naive idea of shady backdoor deals , went to prague hoping to obtain his guns on a black market , failed to do so and then bought them legally in norway ? 
  chemicals for explosives are also regularly obtained legally , which is why shops are legally obligated to report buyers of large quantities . 
   i think we may actually know what some isis fighters look like . 
  and guess what : they wo n't send those because , as i said , they are n't dumb . 
  you 're going on and on about it being over one million , but that is only slightly more than 0.1 % of the total population . 
  if we are n't able to integrate such an ridiculously tiny amount of people , then all the european countries are evidently entirely dysfunctional , in which case refugees are the least of our problems . 
  hollande has n't closed borders , he has instated border controls , in hope of catching the fleeing terrorists . 
  that is at least somewhat understandable , even if the chance to catch anyone are low . 
  on the other hand , trying to catch potential terrorists through draconic checks of the influx is completely idiotic . 
  they do n't carry a big sign on their forehead , warning , potential terrorist . 
  they do n't have their backpacks full of comically labeled bombs . 
  they are n't already known terrorists listed in any database , because isis is n't dumb . 
  it 's probably more likely for isis members to have the means to pass border controls ( forged documents , better traffickers , etc. ), 
  then for true refugees . 
   but they have to apply for the refugee status in the first safe country they arrive , wait for the refugee status to be approved , then go to the country to which they were relocated to . 
  that 's how getting an asylum works . 
  there is no such relocation system . 
  if you apply for asylum in a country , you have to stay there . 
  not to mention that acceptance rates are vastly different across countries , so no , this is not `` how the asylum system works '' , this is why it specifically not works , and why it must be reformed . 
   because these are people who are from a completely different culture and ca n't be integrated effectively at this stage . 
  they could , if we finally stopped whining about how they totally could n't ; and if we stopped being hypocritical about the values we pretend to defend . 
  bavaria , or rather , it 's idiotic government , has been calling for tighter border controls for months . 
  i do n't see why we always consider it newsworthy when people abuse tragedies to say the exact same stuff as before . 
  no , and i do n't need to have those personally , because we have a state for it . 
  does everyone have the money for a private teacher ? 
  that 's why we have public schools . 
  and of course poland could afford it . 
  not as many as other countries , but not nothing either . 
  if poland does not want to house the refugees themselves , they should pay other countries like germany to do so . 
  not the best solution , but if certain countries insist to be stubborn , i will be the last to ask for refugees to be forced to live there . 
   any way eu border is in greece , so it means that refugees are have to stay by ey law in 1st eu country . 
  and that law , as said a thousand times , does not work in reality . 
  so we 'll need to change it and create a better system for reallocation . 
   especially not the second one . 
  what the fuck . 
  provide proper accommodation , as i said . 
  refugees choose specific countries because they know that those will treat them better than others . 
  poland should not stop them , it should give them proper accommodation and grant them asylum . 
  then it 's not politics , but barbarism . 
  great job immediately instrumentalizing a tragedy caused by reactionary thought to justify your own reactionary ideas . 
  okay , i honestly do n't know about spain and france , but if you even called roma the german equivalent of `` gypsies '' , that 's already - somewhat rightly so - considered offensive here . 
   sorry but at this point they stop being refugees . 
  no they do n't , at least if we finally stop applying the current restricted legal definition here . 
  germany created its asylum laws in response to people fleeing from nazi germany , especially intellectuals like einstein . 
  by todays standards , all those people would not be refugees because they had to pass through safe countries to get to america . 
  the people fleeing from the gdr would be considered economic migrants as well , since the gdr was considered a safe state at that time . 
  i know that the current legal definition does not consider them refugees , but those definitions are n't set in stone . 
   which ... wait they left turkey did n't they ? 
  would you want to live in turkey ? 
   so you want open borders everywhere in the world so people can come and go as they please . 
  ultimately , yes . 
  in the short term , for refugees at least . 
   instead we have invited them here and more and more of them die and drown trying to make the journey . 
  we have accepted them when they were already here . 
  you 're acting as if the refugee crisis only began after merkel said that there is no upper limit on asylum . 
  it had been going on long before , no matter how hard people try to pretend that it was not . 
   we ca n't house clothe teach integrate or get them jobs but yeah we will think about that later . 
  we can . 
  our politicians simply do n't want to .
