  is it part of our nation 's history ? 
  well then how could it be of any relevance ? '', 
  yeah , sure , lets play the `` ww2 trauma '' card . 
  they have all brainwashed us into hating the far right , despite all the great things it did . 
  seriously , what would you reply if i was n't german ? 
  the same that is moral and reasonable for all to do is moral and reasonable for the french to do . 
  or do you somehow believe in cultural relativism ? 
   over twice the number of male voters than any other party do n't color me surprised . 
   that is the option you 're de-facto proposing by labelling any critic of current immigration policy as `` far-right '' , yes . 
  `` i 'll choose to ignore what you just said and just repeat my point . '', 
  so again : i am not labeling every critic of immigration policy far right . 
  i consider myself a critic of the current immigration policy . 
  i 'm labeling the parties who suggest the specific kind of immigration policy that national conservatives do as far right . 
   austerity actions against greece ( completely reeks of prosperity theology ) this is the dumbest thing i 've read all week . 
   not to mention being in eu coalition with actual far-rightwingers like orb\u00e1n 's fidesz . 
  oh , so that counts now but ukip does n't . 
  color me surprised . 
  and i honestly do n't understand why you care so much about my stance on cdu . 
  i already told you what i think - i consider them unelectable . 
  saying that they are nonetheless less extreme then sd does n't change anything about that . 
  i 'm not talking about `` are there enough idiots who might vote for them '' . 
  i 'm speaking about whether it can actually be considered moral and reasonable to do so . 
  yeah . 
  ever heard of the weimar republic ? 
  that one really sucked . 
  of course it was illegal , it was in protest of the law that made it so . 
  if we made `` homosexual propaganda '' illegal , like russia , would you act the same when someone staged a gay pride parade in protest ? 
   it 's not much of a `` narrative '' when they 're arguing solely against specific policies pushed by a specific lobbyist organization and not against thin-air . 
  they 're turnin the kids gay !, 
   unsurprisingly gay people tend to vote for the party who might theoretically , should they ever bother introducing any legislation about it , prevent the small minority of them interested in adoption from partaking in it if they 're not relatives of the child over the parties whose sole ideological conviction is to take in as many people as possible from cultures who consider the natural state of the homosexual to be swinging from the gallows . 
  remind me , how well did sweden democrats actually fare in those demographics compared to the average voter ? 
   uh-huh . 
  i take it from that position that you 're just that much of an indoctrinated far-leftist that you ca n't deal with the notion that people are n't obligated to pay you for wanking off in public then . 
  no , but i 'm fairly connected both to local artists and leftists , between which , predictably , there is a fairly major overlap . 
  i 'm used to hyperbolic right wing fear-mongering about `` degenerate '' art solely consisting of shoving fruits up vaginas . 
   maybe not in the eyes of an extremist far-leftist like yourself . 
  frankly i find it pretty telling that you consider any blend of politics that include opposition to your preferred immigration policy to be far-right . 
  see , that is the problem with the far right , they do n't even recognize that they are because they try to paint the world so incredibly simple . 
  the only alternative to what they want is unlimited immigration and the adoption of sharia law . 
  there 's literally nothing in between . 
  if you find their ideas unacceptable , you must find all ideas but your own unacceptable . 
  because obviously , yours is the only other one . 
  they try to close their gap to the rest of the political spectrum by pretending that it does n't exist , that it ca n't exist . 
  that 's why people keep insisting that merkel ca n't be a conservative ; because if she 's a conservative and not a vile leftist , that would push other parties who try to present themselves as mainstream to the right . 
   you 're quite clearly tolerant of merkel 's brand of it by your own admission . 
  no , i consider it unacceptable . 
  but the question was n't what parties and stances i find acceptable - i do n't think anyone should vote for any sort of right wing party , honestly - it was how far to the right i would put certain parties . 
  and in that case , i would put sweden democrats further to the right , despite having a similar socially conservative stance as cdu , and despite valuing social conservatism more then economic conservatism , simply due to the combination with other stances . 
   pretty much . 
  well then , what is your fucking problem . 
  i 'm expected to tolerate nazis walking through the streets and thereby blocking them , as long as they 're properly registered ; you 'll do fine with muslims praying there . 
  also , the article makes it clear in the very first sentence that people want to pray in public when mosques are full . 
  so again , where 's the problem . 
  they do n't want to do this all the time . 
  was that event properly registered before ? 
  then yes , i consider it acceptable . 
  if not , it 's a misdemeanor and not the equivalent of occupation by genocidal fascists . 
   are you going to say merkel is far-right for her opposition to homosexual marriage as well ? 
  that 's an interesting question ; i would n't consider merkel far right due to the specific combination with her stances on other issues , but at the same time , i consider an kind of social conservatism to be inherently further to the right then economic conservatism . 
  it 's also hard to determine with sweden already having same sex marriage and germany not , as this obviously moves around the question from `` should we adopt it '' to `` should we keep it '' . 
  so i 'd simply say that i would consider the specific combination of policies to define them as far right . 
   they barely mention them outside of attacking specific policies put forward by lobbyists from the rfsu like `` teaching '' kindergardten kids about the `` lifestyle '' . 
  that i consider a very clear sign of a far right attitude as the whole `` they 're teaching kids to be gay / ` early sexualisation ' '' narrative is a very popular topic of the far right that sometimes saps into , say , more moderate christian conservative individuals , but is only specifically adapted by parties of the far right . 
   sd has held much the same views on immigration since it 's founding and it 's views on muslim immigration has been pretty consistent since they first entered mainstream politics around 2006 . 
  okay , i worded that badly . 
  what i mean was n't that they adopted the `` bashing muslims part '' later but that they toned down the sexism and homophobia somewhat and tried to paint muslims as a danger to those rights as to gain voters from the affected demographics . 
   not actively subsidizing the far left 's preferred `` art '' style of shoving food up their vagina or being anally deflowered in front of a class and preferring to put it into preserving the state churches is far-right in your eyes ? 
  yes . 
   more ignorance . 
  they rejected joining eaf on the grounds that the grouping was too extremist for them , citing the fn among others , and opted instead to join the europe of freedom and direct democracy grouping primarily because of seeing some common ground with ukip . 
  i just noticed you 're right , i confused the two . 
  but you know `` only as bad as ukip '' is n't really an argument for them . 
   if it was n't for their immigration critical stance you , and other globalist-chauvinists , would n't give a toss about an economically centre , socially conservative party like them . 
  yes , yes i would . 
  why do you expect me to be tolerant for social conservatism ? 
  besides anti-immigration , i assume . 
  they started out as a neo-nazi movement , called bevara sverige svenkst ( `` keep sweden swedish '' ) , with which they still have their insistence that they totally are n't racist in common . 
  they oppose adoption for same sex parents . 
  they constantly complain about the `` homosex lobby '' . 
  they implicitly are against abortion , gay marriage and the like but like many nationalist conservative parties have recently attempted to present themselves as the defenders of those rights to bash muslims who supposedly endanger them . 
  they want to cut funding for multicultural and provocative events and instead reallocate it for such that strengthen and support traditional `` swedish culture '' . 
  they are cooperating with other parties like fp\u00d6 , front national and vlaams belang through the european alliance for freedom , also considered right-conservative / - populist / - extremist . 
  interestingly , i 've actually found [ a study ] ( https://karevernby.files.wordpress.com/2012/09/the-sweden-democrats-article-for-homepage.pdf ) on whether the sweden democrats can be considered a single-issue party by taking into account actual voting behavior of their candidates and surveys of voters . 
  to spoil the conclusion , the answer is no , they ca n't be called a single issue party . 
  give it a read , it 's very interesting . 
   the charges relate to her comments comparing muslims praying in the streets to the nazi occupation of france in world war two . 
  and yet people keep pretending that this kind of party is in any way electable . 
   now the media calls anyone who wants to restrict immigration far right . 
  no , they call far right parties far right . 
  just because some idiots vote for those parties `` only for the anti-immigration '' does n't change that . 
  pis , front national , fidesz , afd , sweden democrats , none of those are single issue parties . 
   ceaseless terrorist attacks and sharia police are the opposite of stable . 
  sharia police is n't even real !, 
  it 's a bunch of twats walking around trying to proselytize while dressed like garbage collectors !, 
  i get jehovas witnesses at my door every few months !, 
  every second week i pass some morons in the street who want to tell me about the bible !, 
  i 'm expected to put up with that bullshit !, 
  but put islam in there and people start predicting the end of western civilization . 
  but wait , i thought schools and universities are turning our kids into communists ??? 
  i just do n't know what to believe anymore !,
