  there is such a thing as bad allies . 
  charlie hebdo has also called out front national for exploiting the attack on them to rally against islam . 
  you do n't have to endorse every stupid bullshit simply to not `` let the extremists win '' . 
  if an artist says `` i do n't want those people showing my work '' , that 's their decision ; and if those people are a group called `` stop islamization of denmark '' , it would be the damn decent thing to do . 
  police also regularly beats and arrests counter-protests to nazi protests for half-baked reasons , while entirely apathetic to the nazis themselves . 
  during the heidenau riots , police temporarily arrested multiple journalists for allegedly photographing them , but did not arrest a single one of the nazis who , you know , rioted . 
  you know , as the artist , i 'd just ban them from using the drawings , so i hope the real artist actually has the decency to do that . 
   it 's estimated that up to 4/5 of these people are n't syrians . 
  yes , we 've heard that countless times . 
  and people conveniently ignore that not just syrians qualify for asylum . 
  look [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3lnlfv/arsonists_light_german_refugee_center_on_fire/cv7svfa ) for example . 
   also , regulations require that they register in the first safe country they arrive in , not go benefit-shopping . 
  therefore they should have all stopped in turkey . 
  if turkey is safe enough that the women and children can stay behind and send the men deep into europe to go secure welfare somewhere , then they do n't really need asylum as they are no longer fleeing war or persecution . 
  yes , those are the rules , and the rules do n't work anymore . 
  turkey , libanon , all those countries can no longer guarantee adequate help or protection for the refugees . 
  this whole insistence on `` but it 's the law '' is ridiculous . 
  if the law ca n't handle reality anymore , the law needs to be adjusted . 
   also your `` do much less damage '' claim is not based in reality ... muslim immigrants have much higher crime rates than natives , are more likely to be unemployed , have higher rates of welfare usage , etc. 
  muh racism is justified no it 's not . 
  the vast majority of that difference in crime rate is due to crimes that can only be committed by immigrants . 
  for example , refugees are banned from moving outside a certain area , so if they do , they 're committing a crime that would be impossible to commit for any native . 
  additionally , crime statistics for immigrants are often overblown by right wingers by presenting suspect statistics - where immigrants appear more often due to racial profiling and racism by the police . 
  ( the big murder series of nazi terrorists in germany that came to light a few years ago , was initially considered a crime committed by immigrants . ), 
  if you adjust for that , migrant crime rates sink down to a level where they are comparable to similar native parts of the population . 
  second , welfare . 
  refugees are actually confined to welfare , due to not being allowed to work - even when granted asylum , they can only work when their future employer can prove that there is no native citizen available to do the job . 
  even then , employers have been shown to be racist in who they employ . 
  essentially , the whole things boils down to this : governments are to incompetent to integrate immigrants . 
  so some idiots cry `` uh we should n't take in immigrants '' . 
  but that 's tremendously stupid . 
  if certain nations insist that they 're too dumb to take in refugees , they should change ; not just be allowed to do so . 
  the afghan man was `` just '' dragged while bound and beaten up . 
  the man force-fed the spoiled pork was moroccan . 
  well , what would you call restricting and beating up an afghan man , then forcing him to eat spoiled pork , then bragging about it on whatsapp ? 
  `` a concerned citizen '' ? 
  exactly , that 's the point . 
  if people go on and on about `` our country getting destroyed by the migrants '' , of course they resort to violence . 
  this `` oh , who would have expected so after all this right-wing fearmongering !, 
  who would think this is justified after all the time we fantasized about ` the people ' needing to rise up ! '', 
  is just pathetic . 
  how can anybody seriously believe that xenophobic violence has nothing to do with xenophobic propaganda . 
  a major problem with the security business in germany is that like the police , a sizeable part of them are right-wing extremists themselves . 
  do you ever feel ashamed of how pathetic your trolling has gotten ? 
  wah wah wah islamophobia do n't real, 
  but what is `` too fast '' . 
  for example , throughout this whole refugee crisis , multiple countries have maintained that they just ca n't take in the amount of refugees demanded from them . 
  meanwhile , germany has taken in an insane amount of refugees and handled it just fine . 
  from the recent inflow to munich , france has agreed to take 1000 refugees - the same amount that the smallest german state , the saarland , has to take . 
  we 're somehow supposed to believe that france can take in a fraction of what germany takes in , but their systems for integration are absolutely perfect , no problem there ? 
  it 's idiotic to see inflow as the sole factor and entirely ignore possible problems with the systems for integration itself . 
  if say , a country did absolutely zero for integration and actively worked against it , it could argue that it can take in a total amount of zero people because not a single one is able to integrate . 
  france too should critically evaluate how well their integration system works before deciding whether it actually takes in too much people . 
  the best known and probably most influential of them is [ this dude ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pierre_vogel ) , who was raised protestant . 
  [ the german gangsta rapper who joined isis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/denis_cuspert ) technically had a ghanan father but was raised by a german mother and his stepfather , a us soldier ; converting to islam later . 
  the dude on top is moroccan , but known as `` muslim-maker '' , named so for reportedly doing 5 conversions per week in his mosque . 
  [ here 's ] ( http://www.rp-online.de/nrw/staedte/duesseldorf/moslem-macher-predigt-in-der-innenstadt-aid-1.1139011 ) an article on him , also pointing out another peculiar fact : one of the reasons that salafism has become so influential in germany is that they fill a massive gap - they preach in german . 
  so another person already has said that he was , so i assume that this is based on a sourced claim and not such an assumption . 
  i asked because for example , the german islamist scene is dominated by converts , so i do n't automatically connect `` islamist extremist '' to `` immigrant '' . 
  correct in some way , but since he has n't immigrated himself , you ca n't argue `` we should n't have let him in/should deport him '' ; and you ca n't seriously argue `` we should n't let those people in because their grandchildren might turn extremists '' . 
  meaning that overall , this is a failure of the french state to sufficiently integrate ; not of their immigration policy . 
  oh do n't worry nazis , as long as you 're burning down your own houses , it 's fine !, 
  i mean , it 's technically not your own houses at all but in my weird nationalist wet dreams they totally are so do n't worry . 
  i do n't see the relation to immigration , he is a french citizen . 
  okay , so for the last time since people just do n't seem to get it : asylum . 
  humanitarian . 
  aid . 
  you do n't get to complain that `` it 's not economically effective '' . 
  you do n't get to complain that `` some are criminals '' . 
  because that 's not the issue . 
  human rights also apply to people you do n't like , goddamnit . 
  second , correct , we 're stuck with citizens . 
  meaning we 're stuck with a lot of idiots already born in the country that we ca n't deport . 
  that 's how a pluralistic society works . 
  you do n't just get to kick people out of the country for not liking their opinions . 
  if the existing idiots are n't destroying europe , i see no reason not to let in some more who happen to be muslims and who will do much less damage . 
  to the music labels . 
  the interesting part about spotify is why it manages to make constant losses , despite comparably high revenue , yet still continues to exist . 
  three quarters of spotifys income goes to the music labels ; yet spotify is also owned by those very music labels . 
  essentially , they can ignore the losses they make as owners and investors due to the greatest expense directly flowing back into their income . 
  the people screwed over are , of course , the artists . 
  so essentially , completely arbitrary standards ? 
  jews have been living long enough here that we ca n't hate them , but it 's totally fine for the muslims ? 
  that 's the fucking problem that people just do n't understand . 
  it 's the basic problem of conservatism . 
  the argument against refugees is n't different from the argument against any other group of people we considered okay to discriminate and hate . 
  oh the jews , we proved wrong to discriminate . 
  and the homosexuals . 
  but the muslims , i 'm telling you , this time round , we 're right . 
  and the roma ... okay , forget the roma , we should technically see that we were wrong but we refuse to do so . 
  indeed , the article very blindly follows the assumption that startups are inherently good . 
  but the problem is , many of those startups have n't yet brought in a single real cent or even lost money . 
  see spotify , explicitly mentioned in the article . 
  spotify might be considered worth than one billion dollars , but in it 's entire history , it has n't made a single one . 
  pandora too is effectively only making losses because it 's already meager profits are soaked up by having to hire new people to keep a service of the size running . 
  shazam , the app that can tell you the name of a song it hears , has n't been profitable since 2006 . 
  it 's also considered worth more than 1 billion . 
  even fucking amazon has n't made money in its twenty year history . 
  uber ? 
  not yet profitable either , and losses are actually increasing .
