  `` trololol the stupid serbians are stupid and do n't even know that what they do is stupid . 
  stupid . '', 
  you know what is the true irony here ? 
  eastern europeans will nevertheless mostly be perceived as criminals and/or leeching on welfare here . 
  and eastern europeans like you will obviously be furious about this and call it unjustified prejudice . 
  but then , they very next moment , you will resume telling us that the prejudice about refugees is totally justified . 
  so i assume those country will now idealistically deny all kinds of solidarity measures given to them and even fully pay back all given so far ? 
  well of course . 
  hungary is tricking people into trains to internment camps , while it 's president is spewing nationalist bullshit . 
  it 's hard not to see the parallel . 
  those people are desperate , so obviously they latch onto the small hope of getting accepted anyway . 
   tricky ? 
  kind of . 
  but no one lied to them . 
  yeah , that 's how we also got the jews into the trains . 
  it just works so well . 
   ( which germany is n't enforcing right now ) of course it is , although not in all cases . 
  while it is true that only the minority of deportations is enforced , asylum is nevertheless regularly denied to people based on dublin iii . 
  the sad irony is that it mostly effects those people who are honest about first having entered another country . 
   it seems like enough germans [ ... ] want to watch the country burn yeah , and they 're burning it down one refugee center after another . 
  what 's interesting here is , that if we look closely , we notice that the number of people coming from serbia has not actually significantly increased . 
  so the `` wave '' of economic refugees is n't actually there ; that wave actually consists of the people who `` totally not racists '' say we should `` of course take in but '' . 
  roma should technically be accepted , because they face discrimination and racism in their home countries . 
  but due the german government declaring their home countries `` safe '' , they now have to prove that in a very tedious and hard process . 
  that `` safe '' classification also responsible for the impression that all refugees from former jugoslavia only fled for economic reasons . 
   funny how the east have twice as many left voters , but are less in favour of refugees than the west . 
  not necessarily , because those sets do n't need to overlap . 
  i mean , yes , there is probably a fair share of reactionaries still voting for the left who are solely interested in social benefits for themselves , while still being xenophobes ; but i find it ridiculous how we always ignore that eastern germany is actually very politically diverse , if contradictory . 
  yes , there 's more nazis , but there 's also a strong , modern leftist movement that simply does n't exist like this in the west . 
  the west is more conservative as whole , while the east has people gravitating towards more radical poles . 
   200 sounds insignificant but estonia is pretty small , it 's the equivalent of 12,000 refugees in germany . 
  yeah and germany actually has twenty times that and 60 times that , so yeah , it 's fucking insignificant , even when taking into account lower gdp . 
  200 refugees is what a small german town takes in these days and they handle fine . 
   your nations borders arent aribtrary of course they are . 
  they 're based on some dudes saying hundreds of years ago `` hey , so this land is yours , and this land is yours , and i actually like this land so i will say it 's mine too and start a war about it '' . 
  if you consider that , for my example - germany - we were n't even a nation a hundred and fifty years ago ; and that even this supposed `` unification '' of the germans did n't include all german speaking territories ; but annexed territories with a non-german-speaking population , one of them not even a year old , and that even this so called empire was n't fully centralized and unified , then yes ; that territories were then removed , reannexed again , then removed again , and finally , reattached by plebiscite ; yes , then i dare to call those borders arbitrary . 
   they have multiple groups of people living and setting rules just fine ... what exactly does this have to do with the nationalistic definition of a country again ? 
   so how are the boundaries of these bodies delineated ? 
  arbitrarily , as they have always been . 
  maybe you guys still think that but belgium , france , spain , uk definitely dont yeah , because those countries never had nationalism of any sort . 
  sure . 
  post-nationalism does not mean abolishing any sort of authority , or taxes . 
  it does n't even mean immediately abolishing all nations , because that would n't be possible . 
  post-nationalism has nothing against the purely administrative purposes of a state . 
  the concept of a `` country '' in that sense is different from merely describing the state apparatus . 
  `` country '' in that sense describes the idea that certain land belongs to a certain group of people and that that group can set up whatever rules they like in that land . 
  attacks on the ground are more effective then bombing , because there is less collateral damage and at least the chance to act like someone trying to help , not to occupy . 
  not to mention that you ca n't do the necessary peacekeeping and rebuilding of infrastructure out of a plane . 
  bombing on the other hand , yeah , nobody thinks `` oh thank you for raining down death on our houses '' . 
  yes , but bombing isis is not the solution , for the reasons mentioned above . 
  to fight isis , we need a ) attack on ground , with international troops and b ) actually stabilize the country afterwards , instead of merely looking at western interests . 
   but i do n't understand why you 'd need another institute for treating male rape victims if you already have them for females . 
  i sadly do not speak swedish , but from other articles on the subject , i can not yet say for sure that this is an entirely separate department - it definitely is the same hospital . 
  most articles say that there is an existing walk-in center , and then say that from october onwards , men will be admitted too . 
  ( i guess in that existing center ? ), 
  beyond that , it could be a bureaucratic measure ; there 's generally more public funding for creating new departments than for increasing the size and scope of existing ones . 
   would n't it also kind of help with the females who are traumatized and are afraid of men to know that a lot of men went through the same as they did ? 
  in the long term , yes . 
  but in the short term , it 's considered more effective to create safe spaces for immediate treatment , and address such issues later . 
  renan was a rampant anti-semite and racist in all but name . 
  he was also originally convinced that a nation had to be a strict feudal society ; and when seeing that democracy worked , essentially tried to argue how it is totally still the same thing . 
  his statement that a nation is defined by shared values , not simply ethnicity ; is effectively nullified by the fact that he attributed intrinsic values and instincts to certain races . 
  he did leave some fluidity in there - for example , claiming in * life of jesus * that jesus was a `` semite '' but `` cleansed '' himself to become `` aryan '' through his beliefs . 
  it is true that other nationalist philosophers like fichte based their idea of the nation entirely on `` objective '' factors : language , ethnicity , race , etc. 
  but from a modern perspective , renan 's `` having done great things together and wishing to do more '' is n't actually that different . 
  the idea that they have a shared history and values is what created the concept of races and ethnicities in the first place , not the other way round . 
  renan 's idea also show how nationalism is essentially proto-fascism . 
  his obsession with ancient societies like the celts , the whole idea of the nation being based on shared `` heroism '' , and of course his idea of racial hierarchy did not only influence mussolini , but also the german v\u00f6lkisch movement . 
  yes , he wants to stay in power by any means - but as said , he follows no consistent ideology . 
  meaning that the only motivation left is money . 
  no one wants to stay in power solely for the sake of it . 
  either you want to push an agenda ; or you want to exploit your power . 
  putin is afraid of the west in exactly one way right now , and that is that western ngos could undermine his authoritarian regime by offering the people a democratic alternative . 
  but he knows full well that russia 's economy and military can not keep up with the rest of the world ; much less support a new russian empire . 
  at the same time , he knows perfectly well that there is no actual danger of an invasion from the west . 
  putin knows that us forces have steadily withdrawn from eastern europe , and are currently downsizing even further . 
  which makes this a perfect opportunity for some sable rattling . 
  it is , because the whole idea of a `` country '' and its `` values '' is faulty . 
  nationalism/patriotism are both the basis for cultural relativism and setting ones nation above another . 
  voltaire never actually said that , nor did he say `` defend to death your right to burn down refugees homes and threaten them with knives '' . 
  also , i generally find it very hilarious how everyone thinks that by quoting some dude generally considered to be important for the enlightenment , they can prove their point . 
  even those `` enlightened '' philosophers had some views that would be considered reactionary today . 
  philosophy moved on after voltaire , believe it or not . 
  making things unisex and `` equal '' in every regard is an subject of ongoing discussion in feminist circles . 
  the issue here is the basic problem of any kind of libertarian feminism : presuming equality to create equality . 
  yet rape is a heavily gendered crime - how we treat male and female victims differs widely , so how we support them has to differ as well . 
  which is why general `` catch-all '' programs are generally not all that productive . 
  there 's also the obvious issues that traumatized victims might be triggered by getting confronted with people of the same gender as their rapist - which , for women , would most often be men . 
   are you implying being nationalist is bad ? 
  yes , yes it is . 
   nationalism is what made countries survive for centuries . 
  nationalism is an invention of the 19th century . 
  it was , at that time , actually a fairly progressive idea , but by now , is largely despised in progressive circles . 
  putin does not believe that the rest of the world is out to get him . 
  putin and his friends want money . 
  they 're solely interested in the money to be gained . 
  the whole babbling about `` western moral decay '' , geopolitics and `` color revolutions '' is solely for propaganda , to keep the populace content and divert attention from the corrupt government . 
  i know that it was hard for you to read the entire six lines of it but thanks for trying anyway . 
  it 's not just the racism , it 's the average societal attitude . 
  no , probably not , but you know , this is exactly what i 've already been saying with my heavily downvoted comment about the general state of things : what 's up with this constant relativism ?
